HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864. (Received 6.30 a.m.)

Major-general WARREN:

A division of cavalry is ordered to make a demonstration upon the enemy's left flank on Little River to-day, crossing at Butler's Ford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Wright and Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The May and June rainy season has, I believe, begun, and we must take it into account in our future plans. I have with me the records of three previous years' campaign. The first at Fort Monroe, under General Butler. It began then June 3, and lasted all through July. The rains were heavier than I have seen, perfectly flooding the level country. The second on the Chickahominy. This spring was a very rainy one, but the heavy periodical summer showers set in earnest about May 25; streams all flooded May 26 and 27; Chickahominy a perfect lake on June 2, resulting in a fatal delay in our movements. Rains ceased about June 10, I believe, to annoy us. The third, campaign of Gettysburg. Heavy rains began later in that latitude. At their height at the time of Lee's retreat. Potomac impassable, canal broken, railroad washed away between Washington and Baltimore. I have no doubt past records will show that these rains are as certain as the tides. Much should be allowed for them now.

The information General Meade had that the enemy attacked Crittenden was all wrong. He attacked them with one brigade, and with most gratifying success, till he ran against the enemy's entrenchments. The map issued from the Engineer Department is so erroneous as to give a most incorrect idea of the enemy's position. I inclose you a sketch* which is correct, [showing] the side of the enemy's lines, and has the position of the Chesterfield bridge and Fredericksburg railroad correct, as taken from Paine's sketch. From it the enemy's front on the river is not very salient.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Warren directs me to inform you that it will be 6 p.m. before the supply train can reach here so as to issue rations to the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. MORGAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

