
and the road leading from there to Bowling Green. In doing this take up and maintain a line from Banks' Ford, via Tabernacle Church road, to the Port Royal road, letting your cavalry pickets extend as far as Tabernacle Church. Make your headquarters at or near Owen's, where you will keep concentrated your main force.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 19. Camp near Baltimore Cross-Roads, Va., May 20, 1864.

The attention of the general commanding has been directed to the system of marauding and wanton destruction of household furniture, clothing, &amp;c., through the country just passed over by this command. This is disgraceful, and will tarnish the brilliant success which has attended the Cavalry Corps since the opening of the campaign. The necessity of living upon the country and the order to that effect contemplated that organized parties in charge of commissioned officers would be sent out to procure the supplies. Hereafter all foraging parties will be so organized. The commissioned officer in charge will be held strictly to account for the acts of his men.

These details must be authorized when practicable by the division commanders. Under pressing circumstances the permission of the brigade commander will be sufficient. No enlisted man will be allowed to pass the picket-line without written authority from corps headquarters. All enlisted men found foraging without proper authority will be arrested and their horses turned over to the dismounted men belonging to their regiments. It is expected that every officer and soldier in the command will assist in putting down this disgraceful license, so destructive to the discipline and honor of the Cavalry Corps.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 20, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Can't you send me the 500 cavalry who came out yesterday? They, I understand, are mostly all old men, and as I have to leave 1,000 men behind, they will be very necessary considering the kind of troops I have, for an expected night fight.

Very respectfully,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

