HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864-12 m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I had word sent to you that our train, which would issue supplies, might not reach here in time. Of course, every effort will be made to comply, but if the wagons should fail to reach in time, they will probably be much in the way of the proposed movement of troops. I see the Sixth Corps is ordered to Hanovertown. When I was there in 1862 there was not a house at the place, and only a ferry. At Mrs. Hundley's was a good bridge, which I then destroyed. Crump's Swamp should be creek; there is no swamp there that I know of. I send you a map that Major Duane sent me, with the topography near Hanovertown indicated.

The tracing I sent you is the only correct one I can make of it or this vicinity, as it is too erroneous to admit of anything being changed satisfactorily. I tried it. I think the enemy's infantry will beat us in reaching the place you have indicated to General Wright and myself the Pamunkey. General Wright will have a march of not less than 30 miles I think. The enemy will be able to make the distance from the Junction to Old Church in one march. I marched from Hanover Court-House to Ashland and back to the Court-House, and from the Court-House to Old Church, from 6 a.m. to 12 p.m.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

MAY 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

I am instructed by the commanding general to say that if your train with the four days' rations, ordered to be issued to-day, is at all late in coming up, you can have it halted at such point on this side of the river as you may designate, and issue the rations when your corps reaches said point.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

The major-general commanding desires to know if the train of your corps, ordered to cross to the north side of the river last night, as well as the surplus artillery, have crossed yet.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 26, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

My trains I believe have all been over for some time. General Wright's did not all get across till daylight,and then the damaging

