
orders, as soon as it can be done without attracting the attention of the enemy, and to withdraw the pickets of the two divisions at the same time as the pickets of the troops they are connected with are withdrawn. He is directed to destroy the bridge at Quarles' Mills, and others of similar kind on his front as soon as the troops are over.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864-6.40 p.m.

General WARREN:

The commanding general instructs me to say that you will withdraw after the Sixth Corps. The Sixth Corps will have precedence over the Fifth in bridges and roads. There is a double road from Mount Carmel Church to Old Chesterfield. At the latter point the routes of the Fifth and Sixth Corps diverge. It was expected that the engineer parties would return in time to furnish details of the routes farther on before the Fifth Corps had fairly started. Let me know if you must use the bridge at Quarles' Mills. General Burnside says that he shall not use it. If you do not want to use it, send a party down to destroy it before you leave. If you use it destroy it when you have down with it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,May 26, 1864-7.25 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I want to use the Quarles Bridge for my corps and have it left till the pickets cross. I have directed them to remain till 1 a.m. I shall direct them to destroy it. I shall take up the bridged Jericho as soon as the Sixth Corps crosses over. I shall let the Sixth Corps pass me while I am issuing rations, so that I shall behind at Carmel Church.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864-11.35 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

I had already informed the engineer at the bridge that it could be taken up after my mounted provost guard had crossed. My pickets on the right are to be withdrawn at 12 p.m., and assembled as reserves to those connected with yours, and all to come over together by the Quarles Bridge at 1 a.m.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

