
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers -. May 26, 1864.

This command will move to-night at dark (the exact hour to be designated hereafter), crossing the North Anna at Quarles' Ford bridge in the following order: First, the First Division, Brigadier-General Griffin; second, Artillery Brigade, Colonel Wainwright; third, Fourth Division with Maryland Brigade, Brigadier-General Cutler; fourth, Third Division, Brigadier-General Crawford. The wagon trains will follow the Third Division. After crossing the river, the Heavy Artillery Brigade, Colonel Kitching, will move at the head of the column. An officer from each division will report at these headquarters at 6.30 p.m. for instructions in regard to the withdrawing of the pickets. Particular attention will be given by division commanders that their commands are kept well in hand, that no straggling is permitted, especially in the withdrawing of the troops from their present position.

By command of Major-General Warren:

S. M. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,May 26, 1864-11.30 a.m.

General GRIFFIN:

I have ordered my three left brigades to watch carefully any assault which may be made upon you, and to give what assistance may be necessary with my second line, and, if necessary, with my whole force. I am holding their picket-line upon my center in wholesome restraint. My whole line is a mere shell.

Yours, respectfully,

THOS H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division, Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,May 26, 1864-11.45 a.m.

General GRIFFIN:

GENERAL: A staff officer from General Wheaton reports his second line in readiness to support you in case are pressed in front. It is the Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania, 330 muskets, and Sixty-second New York, 140.

Very respectfully,

C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26, 1864.

General GRIFFIN:

Begin to withdraw by way of Quarles' Mills as soon as you can do it without being observed by the enemy and take your batteries with you to join the others at that place. When you reach the point A you will probably find the Sixth Corps passing. Halt there and

