
Port Royal. Cause a commissary from each of your divisions to accompany it and to fill all the wagons they can possibly secure for the Ninth Corps with hard bread, coffee, sugar, and salt. Great energy will be necessary to keep the supplies up. Did you send any commissary with the sixty-one wagons you spoke about? Please acknowledge receipt.

THOMAS WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 26, 1864-3.45 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw your two divisions to-night in the manner indicated in previous communications as soon as it can be done without attracting the attention of the enemy. The pickets of these divisions will be withdrawn at the same time as those of the troops they are connected with. General Warren is directed to leave his pickets as long as practicable, consistently with their being able to join his rear guard on the march. General Hancock is directed to leave his pickets as long as practicable, consistently with their being withdrawn to this side; the pontoon bridges taken up, and the other bridges destroyed by daylight. After the troops are over you will destroy the bridge at Quarles' Mills and such other bridges of similar kind on your front.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Can Warren be instructed to take up the bridge at Quarles' Mills? We have no troops crossing at that point. I believe he understands that he is to take it up, but am not certain.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MAY 26, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch is received. Warren will destroy the bridge at Quarles'. General Hancock moves to a point directly across to a point beyond Chesterfield Station on the route he is to take. He does not pass through Carmel Church or Chesterfield Station.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

On North Anna River, May 26, 1864.

The commanding general directs that all the divisions of this command be ready to start at a moment's notice in the following order:

