
First, General Crittenden; second, General Willcox; third, General Potter. All trains, caissons, and battery wagons will be sent at once to Mount Carmel Church, and there parked to await further orders. On the march they will precede the troops and be accompanied by sufficient guards and pioneers to avoid any delay in their movement. These guards should be under charge of energetic officers, who will make the men seize upon any wagon that may be stuck and lift them out. Major Morton will post General Crittenden's command, where it will await orders to start. One of his batteries will be posted with his command and the other will accompany General Willcox.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864.

General CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you take particular care that the bridge be thoroughly destroyed after your troops have crossed. The Provisional Brigade will remain opposite your present position; General Ledlie's brigade at Quarles' Ford, and the Second Brigade at Jericho Ford. A section of Captain Wright's battery will go to Quarles' Ford and a section to Jericho Ford. Major Morton will place them. Please make your headquarters with Colonel Marshall's brigade and let your aides make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the position of the other brigades, so that orders may be communicated to them rapidly as to the time for leaving.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

D. R. LARNED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

These headquarters will be in the old position for the present.

MAY 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Colored Division:

The major-general commanding has heard with indignation of the gross outrages perpetrated by stragglers from this army upon the helpless inhabitants of the country. You will use every effort to put a stop to such acts, and are fully authorized and will be expected to have shot upon the spot all actors, aiders, and abettors in such infamy.

Very respectfully,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26, 1864-10.10 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

The commanding general directs that you detail a detachment of 500 men, to be made up of mounted and dismounted cavalry, and order the commander of the detachment to report to the chief

