HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 20, 1864-11 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. Cavalry Corps headquarters will move to White House. We will leave here at 5 a. m. in the morning. The general will leave a strong picket at this point.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

All quiet here. We leave at 5 a. m. to-morrow, May 21, for White House. Shall try and repair the railroad bridge on the Pamunkey at the White House. The general thinks it can be done. He examined it to-day.

CAMP CAVALRY DETACHMENT,

Fredericksburg Road, May 20, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Your communication of the 19th instant, 6.30 p. m., was received at 10 p. m. last night, and yours of even date has just come to hand. Until within the last twenty minutes I have had nothing worthy of report. Sergeant Ferris, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, who is just in from a scout, informs me that passing through the woods by a bridle part he crossed the Ny River and came out upon the Spotsylvania and Gordonsville road. The enemy have been falling back to Spotsylvania Court-House since very early this a. m. He saw nothing of them save few stragglers; is of the opinion that there has been a large number of troops sent from Spotsylvania to Gordonsville; judges this by the way the footsteps were turned; thinks all the enemy save a few stragglers are upon the other side of the Ny River. Captain Lee, Third Indiana Cavalry, in from scouting, says the enemy have fallen back over the Ny River. Lieutenant Freeley, Fredericksburg; he pickets an patrols well out on all roads leading constantly upon the road between my quarters and Fredericksburg. Two other scouts report the enemy all over the Ny River save possibly a few stragglers. I am about reporting direct to General Birney by order of Major-General Warren. I have several scouting parties now out, and should anything worthy of note transpire will at once forward the information.

G. A. FORSYTH,

Major Eighth Illinois Cav., Commanding Cavalry Detach.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Engineer Department, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 18th instant, requesting me to order a bridge down at Fredericksburg from some of the engineer trains now these, has been received. The Quartermaster-General having

