
der the fords impassable. This ford is belly-deep,with the bank 3 feet high at ordinary stages. The banks are now overflowed 3 feet at least, so that the stream is probably 7 or 8 feet deep,and 60 feet wide. A rebel cavalry picket of the Tenth and Eleventh Virginia is in sight just beyond. Colonel Hammond, of the Fifth New York, and the officer in command of his pickets, tell me that there is no place within 10 miles of this at which thriver can be crossed without swimming. I shall examine myself, and endeavor to find a crossing. In case I should find this impracticable what shall I do? Please send me instructions at once. The existence of bridges is still in doubt. None is known within 10 miles up the stream.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Cooke's Ford, May 26, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREY,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your note of 6.50 p.m.* is received. I have examined this ford, and questioned citizens, from which I am satisfied that Little River,in its present stage, is nowhere fordable within 10 miles of this place. There is a bridge, or was one, standing several days ago at Coleman's, 8 miles above. I have sent a patrol on that road in that direction, and made a show of crossing here and at Owen's. I can make a foot bridge in an hour upon which I shall send across one squadron. The enemy's cavalry picket did not attempt any resistance to my skirmishers. My engineer officer reports Butler's Bridge in good condition. I shall, therefore, recross the North Anna there about midnight. The pontoon train I shall send back at once to report to chief engineer at Chesterfield. I shall camp for a few hours somewhere between Jericho and Butler's Bridge, but, having permanent communication, shall not withdraw my cavalry pickets from the line of the Little River till nearly daylight.

My headquarters will be somewhere on the road to Butler's Bridge till 5 a.m.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Cooke's Ford, May 26, 1864-10 p.m.

(Received 12 p.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the squadron of my command thrown across the Little River over a little foot bridge at Cooke's Ford has advanced about three-fourths of a mile on the other side, to the point where the enemy's pickets were posted at our first

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

