HEADQUARTERS,Port Royal, May 26, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER:

I have just received your telegram. Send word whom you leave in command.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Royal, Va., May 26, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Commanding Forces, &amp;c., Fredericksburg, Va.:

I send you to-day 200 infantry under command Captain Blunt, regular army, and 300 cavalry under Colonel Cesnola, for the purpose

of securing the wounded and getting them into Fredericksburg. Have you any forage and commissary stores in Fredericksburg to supply these troops? Acknowledge this and answer immediately.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POINT LOOKOUT, May 26, 1864.

(Received 11.25 a.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have received no further report of deserters from the Army of the Potomac. My cavalry is scouring Charles and Saint Mary's Counties. I last night detained Lieutenant-Colonel Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, who was ordered to report to Major-General Smith for duty. He is in arrest, and has resigned under charges. Please instruct me whether he shall go with the regiment to Port Royal, or report to General Smith. The Veteran Reserve Regiment is near the wharf. The Fifth New Hampshire will embark directly.

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1864-7 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

A short time ago Thomas Webster, esq., chairman of the Philadelphia committee for recruiting colored troops, brought to this department a colored man whom he introduced as the Rev. Mr. Underdue, of Philadelphia, stating that he was well known in Philadelphia, bore a good character, had rendered much service in recruiting colored troops, and was supposed to be able to render you valuable service in communicating with colored people. Impressed by his representations I gave Underdue a pass and a letter to you explaining the object of his visit and Mr. Webster's statements. Two days ago Mr. Webster informed me that Underdue was arrested by your provost-marshal and held in custody as a spy. He is much

