
grieved about the matter, is sure of Undergue's innocence,and fears the case has never come to your knowledge. I beg to call the case to your attention and that you will favor me with the facts, so as to relieve Mr. Webster and the committee, who are deeply interested about the trouble they have occasioned to Underdue, who was induced by their persuasion to go to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

General Grant directs that you retain no more troops than may be necessary to hold the James River to City Point, acting solely on the defensive, and send all else to White House,on the Pamunkey, to land on the north side and join the Army of the Potomac. This column will be placed under command of Major-General Smith. One or two field batteries and a regiment of cavalry will go with it, to cover the landing. General Gillmore or General Weitzel should be placed in the immediate command of your defensive position on the James, as they are familiar with defensive works. General Grant, at noon yesterday, was between the two Annas, and the enemy seemed disposed to dispute his farther advance. Some irregularities in the command at Fort Monroe and Norfolk are reported, the correction of which should receive your attention.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 26, 1864-10.45 a.m.

(Received 2.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Further official reports show that the repulse at Wilson's Wharf was even more complete than I telegraphed. The enemy retreated during the night, leaving 25 of their dead in our hands, and showed a loss of killed and wounded of more than 200. From the accounts of every officer the negro troops behaved most splendidly.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, near Bermuda Hundred,

May 26, 1864-9 p.m. (Received 9 a.m. 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

No irregularities have been reported to me at Norfolk or Fort Monroe. Please indicate what they a re, and they shall receive immediate attention.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

