
the line, leaving his horses in charge of as new men as possible, in the most convenient places, for depasturing and recruitment. The portion of Colonel Onderlonk's men now reporting to General Smith will report to General Kautz. Generals Turner and Ames will report to these headquarters for duty in the mobile column, and the following disposition of troops on the line will be made as soon as possible and without attracting the attention of the enemy.

General Terry, with his own division, and all the men and officers of the Tenth Army Corps not able to march, and as much of the First Connecticut Artillery as is there stationed, will occupy the line now occupied by the Tenth Army Corps, with one brigade as his reserve, to be posted near his center. General Kautz will be in command of the line now occupied by General Smith. His cavalry, dismounted, will occupy the line now held by General Brooks. Colonel Cole's cavalry regiment, dismounted, will hold the line now occupied by Stannard's brigade; the Nineteenth Wisconsin the line now held by Stedman's brigade. The Sixty-second Ohio will be a reserve to Cole and Sanders; these three regiments, under the command of the senior officer, who is to report to General Kautz. The three regiments of troops of Hinks' division will, when they report to General Kautz, for the reserve of Kautz's line, and be posted in rear of the right of his line.

All the men and officers of the Eighteenth Army Corps not able to march will also report to General Kautz and be assigned to duty on his line. Major-General Gillmore will be in command of the whole line. All the artillery and engineer regiments will remain posted as they now are, and report to General Gillmore. To a full and efficient execution of this order corps and division commanders will organize all the men of their commands not able to march into proper companies and battalions, in charge of commissioned officers not able to march. The infantry of the First and Second Divisions, of the Eighteenth Corps, and the Second and Third Divisions, of the Tenth Corps, able to march will form the mobile column, under command of Major General William F. Smith, and as soon as relieved in accordance with the dispositions of this order will withdraw from the line and encamp near it,but out of sight of the enemy, upon such roads as may be convenient for movement. The above arrangements are for temporary purposes, and will not interfere with corps, division, and brigade returns as now made.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GILLMORE'S,

May 26, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding:

GENERAL: In compliance with your general orders of to-day, I propose to relieve Ames' and Turner's pickets at the usual hour this afternoon, and to withdraw their commands from the entrenchments just after dusk. Will this basin enough, or shall the movement take place at once?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

