HEADQUARTERS,May 26, 1864-5.50 p.m.

Generals GILLMORE and SMITH:

In making the changes provided for in general orders as to the occupation of lines, give directions that each relieved officer shall give the fullest instructions and information to the new officer as to topography, situation of the enemy, the situation even of picket-lines, points of probable attack and means of supporting it, so that the relieving officer shall, in the earliest possible moment, have full knowledge to fit him for his duties. See to it also that the new officers are fully instructed in the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 62, current series.*

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GILLMORE'S, May 26, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your dispatch of 5.50 is received. I have no department orders numbered 62, current series. Do you refer to the general order of May 20?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

GILLMORE'S, May 26, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

If Ames' and Turner's divisions are not to take their shelter-tents with them when they move I would suggest that they be left standing for the use of Terry's men. Ames' tents cannot well be moved without attracting attention. I propose to hold both divisions in their camps. Turner is out of the enemy's sight and Ames partially so. Will this answer?

Q. A. GILLMORE.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 26, 1864-6.15 p.m.

General GILLMORE:

Ames' and Turner's divisions are to take their shelter-tents with them. Generals Turner and Ames will be encamped by General Smith's orders as a part of his column. Ames' tents should be changed during the night, so as not too much to attract attention.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

Official copy sent to Generals Terry, Ames, and Turner at 8.05 p.m. Indorsement placed on Generals Terry's and Ames' copies by Captain Sealy: "General Terry will, to-night, put shelter-tents in the position occupied by General Ames' command, using the greatest precaution in order not to attract attention."

---------------

*See p. 32.

---------------

