
officers relieving them, go over the ground together; also that you cause the instructions for the disposition of the troops, in case of attack, to be republished to your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 26, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I respectfully, but earnestly, urge that the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers be returned to my division. This regiment was detailed for fatigue duty at the landing on the morning of the disembarkation. When relieved from that duty, it was, as I am informed, but not officially notified, immediately detailed as provost guard, and now I learn that, being relieved from the last-named duty, it is ordered to the front, to report to another commander than myself. I respectfully represent that it is the custom of the service to apportion such details among the different brigades and division of a command, and that to detail a regiment for detached service after detached service, is both depriving an officer permanently of a portion of his command, is both unusual and unjust.

The brigade to which this regiment belongs is very greatly reduced by losses. It musters for duty only about 1,100 men. The 500 men of the Sixty-second Ohio are necessary to enable it to take its tours of duty with the other brigade of my division. By General Orders, Numbers [70], I am directed to garrison that portion of the entrenchments now held by myself and General Ames; that is to say, with eleven regiments and some detachments of invalids, I am to occupy the ground now held by nineteen regiments, and I am to have one brigade in reserve, as now. This will throw on my division a great amount of picket duty, an amount which cannot be properly performed unless this regiment is returned to me. I earnestly hope that the commanding general will reconsider his orders, and not place upon my division solely the burden of those detachments which are usually taken from divisions in turn.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., May 26, 1864.

Colonel J. R. HAWLEY,

Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will please detail from your command one regiment, to report to Colonel J. B. Howell, commanding First Brigade, for duty to-night. The regiment will report, as soon as possible, with arms.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

