HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., MAY 26, 1864.

Colonel H. M. PLAISTED,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will please detail one regiment from your command (the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers), to report to Colonel J. B. Howell, commanding First Brigade, for duty to-night. You will also cause that portion of your command not on duty to sleep upon their arms, and move into the entrenchments upon the first alarm.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864.

Colonel H. M. PLAISTED,

Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: I inclose code of rock signals in use on the picket-line for your information. You will please cause careful watch to be kept for them, and be guided by them in event of alarm, sending word immediately to these headquarters in case of any of the colored rockets being sent up from the picket-line.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. In the Field, Va., May 26, 1864.

I. It has been reported to the brigadier-general commanding that several cases have occurred in this division of men inflicting wounds upon their own persons for the purpose of escaping duty and in order that they may be sent to the rear. Such conduct is dastardly and despicable and none but arrant cowards will engage in it. The man who will desert his fellow-soldier on the field of battle, or seek to shirk the privations and duties of the march and camp by mutilating himself, thereby increasing the dangers and labors of his companions, should be stigmatized by the men of his regiments a poltroon and coward, and he certainly shall receive the punishment of one.

Hereafter the surgeons and assistant surgeons of regiments will immediately report to their regimental commanders any man coming under their treatment or knowledge who they have reason to believe has mutilated his persons in any manner for the purpose of escaping duty, when a thorough investigation will be made, and if shown to be guilty a report in writing will be made to the division headquarters by the regimental commander, and to the chief surgeon of the division by the regimental surgeon. The man will be sent to the hospital if unfit to remain in camp, accompanied by these reports, giving a history of his case, with the view that on his recovery he may be brought to trial and receive the punishment of a coward.

