
II. Issuing commissaries will only sell whisky to officers on the written permission of the brigade commanders. These permits will be taken up by the issuing commissary and transmitted weekly to the division commissary for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Turner:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Hatcher's, Va., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to inclose copy of a telegram* received from department headquarters. I am instructed to direct that you confer with Brigadier-General Terry upon the matter referred to,and cause the directions therein contained to be promptly carried out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26, 1864.

Colonel POND,

Sixty-second Ohio Vols., Commanding at Bermuda Hundred:

Colonel Garrard will relieve you to-night. You will withdraw all your regiment, whether detailed or not, as soon as they can be relieved by men from Colonel Garrard's regiment.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITH'S,

May 26, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

General Martindale reports the enemy in position near and at the mill on the two roads from his front to the Junction. Nothing but skirmishers visible, however, and I have ordered them to feel them. I shall also send Dutton on his track of yesterday to make a diversion on the flank.

W. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 33. In the Field, Va., May 26, 1864.

The following code of night alarm signals is announced. An officer at each division headquarters will be instructed and charged with the carrying out of this order. Rockets will be furnished by

---------------

*See Butler to Gillmore, 6.15 p.m., p. 237.

---------------

16 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

