
the signal department upon application. There will be three alarm, stations at the headquarters of a grand guard. One on the right of the line, one in the center, and one on the left. To denote where skirmishing," white rocket;"the enemy advancing in force in our front, "red rocket;" enemy moving troops to our right, "green rocket;" enemy moving troops to our left," red green rocket."

By command of Major-General Smith:

CHAS. P. MUHLENBERG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1864.

General BROOKS,

Commanding First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as Colonel Dutton returns, you send two regiments to the mill, over the road that you found yesterday. General Burnham's brigade will be held in reserve to-day to move either way as circumstances may require. Colonel Dutton will command the two regiments that move out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. MUHLENBERG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., May 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding corps directs that, in accordance with inclosed copy* of instructions from department headquarters, you prepare your whole command, excepting the artillery and officers and men unable to march, to change your camp, with all your stores,&amp;c., to-morrow morning. You will please send a staff officer to these headquarters at 8 a.m. to-morrow to receive instructions regarding the road you will move on and the ground you will occupy. All the officers and men of your infantry whom your medical officers may think unfit to march will be sent to the corps hospital at 8 o'clock in the morning to be inspected by a board of surgeons. You will direct artillery to report to Brigadier-General Kautz, and fully carry out the other provisions of the order, as well as the instructions contained in the inclosed copy of telegram and general order tow hitch it refers. Particular attention will be paid to organizing in a battalion the officers and men who are not fit to march. After they are inspected, the medical director will dispose of them according to instructions already given. All who may be found guilty of malingering will be severely punished.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Martindale.)

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 70, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, May 26, p. 235.

---------------

