
MAY 26, 1864.

General MARTINDALE,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: If you think you will require your whole division to carry those rifle-pits you can order your other brigade over, and then inform me and I will order one of General Brooks' brigades to cover your portion of the lines.

By command of Major-General Smith:

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 30. City Point, Va., May 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. Colonel J. H. Holman, First U. S. Colored Troops, will with his regiment proceed at once to Fort Powhatan and relieve Colonel J. B. Kiddoo of the command of the station. Colonel Kiddoo, upon being relieved, will with his regiment proceed at once to City Point and report to the commanding officer of the Second Brigade.

* * * * * * *

V. The Thirty-seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, Lieutenant Colonel A. G. Chamberlain, will proceed at once to Wilson's Wharf and report to Brigadier General E. A. Wild, who will remain in command of the station. Colonel Chamberlain will carry his extra ammunition with him.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General E. W. Hinks:

SOLON A. CARTER,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26, 1864.

(Received 10 a.m.)

General HINKS:

There will be no more immediate attack at Wilson's Wharf, and the disposition herein directed will cover Powhatan. Concentrate your force so as to have, say, 1,000 men at Wilson's Wharf, Wild commanding, and nearly the same number at Powhatan, so as to leave three at least of your best regiments as a movable brigade of reserve at City Point, to remain there till further orders. Acknowledge receipt.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 26, 1864-11.30 a.m.

General BUTLER:

Your dispatch relating to the disposition of troops is received, and its details will be executed with the least possible delay. It will be necessary to withdraw one of the two regiments now in the works at Spring Hill, in order to concentrate the movable brigade required at City Point.

HINKS,

General.

