
that he should receive them. These teams or the drivers seem unaccountably to have disappeared. With a few teams I have just received from him I am now sending over the bridge by, parts, the last part to go to-morrow. I write you to-day.

H. W. BENHAM,

BELLE PLAIN, May 20, 1864-8 p. m.

WAR DEPARTMENT:

Telegrams in relation, first, to citizens passing to Fredericksburg and Aquia; second, furnishing a guard over prisoners to Colonel Hoffman; third, taking command of troops ordered to report to Colonel Hoffman; fourth, relative to Captain Collins, as received. First. No citizens have passed to Fredericksbrug without an order from the War Department. Captain Hoysredt, provost-marshal, is a very vigilant pass officer. Second. There are only 26 prisoners here. Colonel Hoffman has been furnished with the guard. Third. Complied with. Fourth. Captain Collins, Sixth Veteran Reserve corps, was ordered by War Department to Fredericksburg, and is, I believe, still there. Six hundred and twenty-eight infantry to Army of the Potomac; one squadron of Indiana Cavalry, 150 men, to Colonel Schriver, Fredericksburg, in morning. About 600 recaptured officers and men, Colonel Talley, First Pennsylvania Reserves, in command, reported here. They go to Army of the Potomac, guarding a train.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BELLE PLAIN, May 20, 1864-8 a. m.

(Received 9.30 a. m.)

WAR DEPARTMENT:

Nine hundred infantry arrived this morning. We are sending troops forward as fast as possible, guarding trains. I visited Aquia yesterday, and found the work rapidly progressing. One wharf nearly completed. The railroad will shortly be finished to Brooke's Station.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 23. Near Spotsylvania C. H., Va., May 20, 1864.

Fredericksburg and the forces there stationed, together with the troops guarding the line of communications between there and Belle Plain, are assigned to the command of Brigadier General J. J. Abercrombie, commanding Belle Plain; and the commanding officers of the troops so assigned will report accordingly. General Abercrombie will promulgate this order and assume command at once.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

