
your leaving to-morrow morning you can tell from Wright's distance from you. He moves at daylight, and you need not move until he is out of the way, so that you will have a clear road; your troops well up on his.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

May 27, 1864-6.30 a. m.

The command will move at once in the order indicated last night, viz, Second Division, General Gibbon; First Division, General Barlow; Third Division, General Birney; rear guard composed of three regiments of the Fourth Division. The pickets will be withdrawn by each division commander as his division moves. It is not supposed that the enemy can follow in any force.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,May 27, 1864-12.50 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER:

COLONEL: Miles covering bridge and this side. Second and Third Brigades across and massed on hiss in rear of woods in position first taken up. Batteries across and going into position on hill. Brooke abut crossing. Will take up position when First and Second Division pickets cross.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Corps officer of the day should notify me when all pickets are this side; if he does not, will find out as best I can.

F. C. B.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 27, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

My infantry and artillery have been resting here for an hour, and the wagon train is closing up. Unavoidable delays have kept us back. The men have so far straggled none. I shall go as far to-day as the men's strength will allow and set out again about midnight by moonlight; will have the coolness of the night and early day to march in, and I think can march 20 mils from where I start by to-morrow noon, which will, I think, bring me to the New Castle Ferry, if the distance is 35 miles from our starting point. General Burnside's infantry will hardly be able to set out before 12 m. to-day, but his men will be well rested, and if he sets out at midnight will not be much behind me at the Pamunkey River.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

