HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Headquarters are at Mangohick Church. The commanding general directs me to inform you that examinations are now being made that will probably modify your route from Hebron Church (1 mile beyond this), so that you will move to Hanovertown instead of New Castle Ferry. Wright is moving by a road that turns off a mile or two back from here and near to the bridge right opposite Mrs. Hundley's, in the vicinity of which he will throw a bridge. The commanding general thinks it better that you should move on as far as you can until toward evening and go into camp, then resuming the march as soon after daylight as practicable. Report when you camp.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 27, 1864-7.10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have two divisions in camp, the third coming up, and the artillery and trains following. We camp on Dowell's Creek, about 2 miles from Mangohick Church. My headquarters are about 2 miles from the church, at a house called Turk's. My flag is on the road. The march has been very severe on men and animals. I have moved as fast and far as I could to clear the road for General Burnside. If he be camped 5 miles behind me ha can start at the same hour and not be delayed.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move to-morrow to Hanovertown, crossing the river, and take position in advance, with your left resting on the Totopotomoy and your right extending toward Crump's Creek. The map indicates this position to be beyond Mrs. Via's house. General Burnside will form on your right; Hancock next, and Wright ont he right, holding the crossing of Crump's Creek. Upon crossing the river you will relieve General Russell's division, which will then rejoin its corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers --. May 27, 1864-9.15 p. m.

1. This command will to-morrow morning, 28th instant, at 4 o'clock, to Hanovertown. The order of march will be the same as to-day: First Division, Brigadier-General Griffin, leading; second,

