HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 27, 1864-3.45 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am ready to move at a moment's notice.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1864-3.45 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is just reported to him that some troops of your corps have cut the line of march of Warren's rear troops and the pickets of the Sixth Corps on the south side of the river. Where are these troops going? Have the brigades for Jericho Mills ford and Quarles' Mills ford been directed to move on the south side of the river? If they have been they will not be able to cross the river. Your report of Ninth Corps being ready for orders is just received.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1864-4 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your dispatch stating that your troops are in readiness to move at a moment's notice has been received. I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that this is inconsistent with the fact that a portion of them is on the south side of the river cutting the line of march of General Warren.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 27, 1864-5 a. m.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It does not seem possible that any of my corps are on the south side of the river. All of General Crittenden's division was withdrawn over his own bridge, together with his pickets, and the bridge is destroyed. One brigade was left to cover the for and one brigade sent to Quarles' Ford, and is in position there now, and one brigade was sent to Jericho Ford, and is represented to me as in position there now, under Major Morton, on the north side of the river. If General Warren's troops had not all passed over Quarles' Ford when this brigade for Jericho reached there it would have been impossible that the commanding officer of the brigade could have carried out the

