
MAY 27, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The commanding general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch by telegraph of 5 a. m. this day, and to reply to the same as follows: The commanding general is somewhat astonished that you should deem it necessary to repel insinuations on your veracity, as no such insinuations were ever designed. Nor does he deem the telegram sent to you obnoxious to any such charge. You reported the brigades of Crittendens' division in position and your corps ready to move, whereas, at that very moment a staff officer of General Warren was reporting to the commanding general that his pickets were delayed in crossing the river by being cut by a column of your troops.

Now, while the commanding general is willing to admit the brigade could not reach Jericho without cutting Warren's column, unless it waited for it to pass, and while he is perfectly satisfied with the explanation of the cutting, he must insist the fact that this brigade was at that moment passing Quarles' Bridge, was inconsistent with the fact reported by you that it was in position at Jericho. This is all the commanding general intended to convey by the telegram. He is fully aware that you as well as himself are dependent on the reports of ;subordinates, liable to misapprehension and error, and the knowledge of this fact, he thinks, should have shielded him from the delusion you appear to have labored ;under that he intended to impugn your veracity or charge you with intentional misrepresentation. The report brought to the commanding general that some of your troops were on the south side of the river at the time was not well founded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Hanovertown, Va., May 27, 1864-9 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I now occupy Hanovertown. The crossing was taken with but little opposition, a small picket of cavalry being the only force found at this point. The two pontoon bridges are down and in use. The First Cavalry Division has crossed the river, the Second Division moving out to cross. General Russell's division has not yet arrived. I think it is but a short distance in our rear.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Torbert, whose division had the advance, found a detachment of about 100 men of

