
Gordon's brigade holding the ford at Hanovertown. This party was easily dislodged, and the division crossed. After passing through Hanovertown, on the road to Hanover Court-House, Gordon's brigade of cavalry (rebel) was encountered, charged, and driven pellmell toward Hanover Court-House. We captured 6 commissioned officers and 70 men. If General Torbert's command had not been so much fatigued he would have captured the whole brigade, it was brigades are both at Hanover Court-House. I am also informed that Breckinridge was there last night with 10,000 men. I have not pushed my advance beyond Crump's Swamp, as we have a good line from there to Totopotomoy Creek. General Russell's division has crossed, and is now all on this side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The commanding general desires that you have your horses saddled and the artillery hitched at 4 a. m. to-morrow.

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT ROYAL, May 27, 1864-1.30 p. m.

(Received 2.50 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Meade has ordered me to send him twenty pontoon-boats and appurtenances. I shall have to take the horses and harness belonging to the reserve batteries of the Ninth Corps, which are now here. Five hundred wagons for the front are now here loading. i shall send as many troops as can get ready, reserving a sufficient force for the protection of the telegraph line, depot, and guarding prisoners. Four hundred and twenty-six rebel prisoners are here. They will be shipped to Point Lookout as soon as transportation is ready. Two thousand more are expected.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 27, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE,

Port Royal:

You are right in taking artillery horses and harness to send forward pontoon trains. If not enough, make up deficiency from quartermaster's trains. Several thousand more troops are on the way to Port Royal.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

