HEADQUARTERS,Belle Plain, May 20, 1864-8 p. m.

WAR DEPARTMENT:

Six hundred and twenty-six infantry left for Army of the Potomac. One hundred and fifty cavalry to Colonel E. Schriver, Fredericksburg. Six hundred recaptured prisoners for guarding train to Army of Potomac to-morrow.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 20, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Fredericksburg:

Send as guards to trains from Fredericksburg to-morrow, the 21st instant, all troops coming to or under orders for the front. Order troops already on the way to halt where they are till trains come up, and then to accompany them as guards. Let these guards be as strong as possible. As soon as the army gets on the Fredericksburg railroad, Belle Plain and Fredericksburg will be abandoned and Port Royal made the base for our supplies. You will, therefore, make preparations to this end. On the evacuation of Fredericksburg, the work on the railroad will cease. Boats are now on their way to Fredericksburg for our wounded, and, to protect them from being molested by the enemy's roving cavalry and guerrillas, you will, as far as practicable, use your cavalry along the banks of the river.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

U. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE:

In accordance with instructions from headquarters of the army, the major-general commanding directs that you assume command of all troops heretofore ordered to Colonel Hoffman, Commissary General of Prisoners, at Belle Plain. You will at once send a battalion of 400 dismounted cavalry to report to Colonel E. Schriver, military governor

of Fredericksburg.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 20, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 4.10 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

In relation to the apprehension of 60 prominent citizens of this city, as ordered by you, I have to report that on account of the very few males who are now present it has been impossible to get that

