
11 officers and 530 men, arrived here yesterday to relieve the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, which embarked to-day with 31 officers and 590 men to report to Lieutenant-General Grant in the field.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 27, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

In using the words, "Hold the James to City Point," I presume General Grant meant the point you now occupy, above the Appomattox and opposite City Point. No name is given to it on my maps. General Grant undoubtedly means that you are to hold your present fortified position. Advises from Fort Monroe were that there was o officer of sufficient rank in command to control affairs at that place (Norfolk, Portsmouht, Yorktown, and their dependencies), and to secure concert of action; that, to accomplish this, in your absence, there should be a district commander over the whole, acting under your general instructions. No particular irregularities were specified by inspection report. Rebels seem to be making a desperate stand on the South Anna, and General Grant thinks that Lee has been heavily re-enforced from Richmond. General Smith should take every possible precaution in landing on the Pamunkey. Transports ordered here are already on their return.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,May 27, 1864-1 p. m. (Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

At the request of General Smith I send to ask if the point of debarkation can be changed to West Point. The river from that point to the White House is narrow, tortuous, and filled with torpedoes, and no known landing exists on the north side of the Pamunkey at the White House. At West Point the wharves were repaired under my direction before we left for this point, and the landing can be perfectly covered by gun-boats and a safe depot made there, if desirable. General Smith thinks time will be saved by the change in the order.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BERMUDA, May 27, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER:

Since yesterday noon eighteen steamers have arrived from Colonel Biggs; one yet to report, which will make the nineteen advised by

