
GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 27, 1864-9 p. m.

General GILLMORE:

The major-general commanding directs that the work on the redoubt near the curtis house be suspended for the present, and that Captain Eaton, with his detail of engineers, report to move to-morrow at 8 a. m. for duty.

WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,May 27, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

First Connecticut Artillery:

You will please take charge of the construction of sand-bag loop-holes on the parapet of our line, from the left of Ames' old line to the extreme right next James River. Five sand-bags to each loop-hole, loop-holes, to be 5 feet apart from center to center for infantry parapet, and 3 feel in the batteries. If you require more men than you can furnish please let me know.

Respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,Bermuda Hundred, Va., May 27, 1864.

(Received 29th.)

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to request that the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers be relieved from doing picket duty to-night. This regiment last night at dark was ordered to report to Colonel Howell, to man the parapet upon his front; it lay in the water and mud and dew all night, and is broiling in the hot sun to-day. Colonel Otis reports to me that the regiment is as much fatigued, if not ore, than if they had been on picket at the front in the shade; that he cannot be responsible for the proper performance of picket duty by the regiment, the officers and men of which are so fatigued. Besides, Colonel Howell informs me that he cannot relieve it until his pickets are relieved. I would respectfully ask that I may be allowed to send daily one regiment or more on picket, according as my proportion of picket duty shall be fixed, and that the force detailed from my brigade for picket duty may be as nearly as practicable posted on my front.

By this arrangement I should be able to man the works in my front at all times with about three regiments, who know their places and the ground in front of them, and when the pickets fall back they will also fall back to their proper command and position, besides the regiments will thus be enabled to picket the same ground, acquiring thereby a perfect familiarity with their positions. If I may be allowed to suggest, I would respectfully state that, with my command I will, in my judgement, be able to defend the right of our

