HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., May 27, 1864.

Lieutenant W. R. KING, U. S. Engineers:

Will you please inform me how the torpedoes, which were the cause of the fearful accident yesterday, were conducted from the the ordnance depot to the cars? Who was in charge of them, to watch them while being loaded on the cars? In whose charge were they while they were on the cars? Were they carefully watched, and in whose hands did they fall on their arrival at Batchelder's Creek? It is reported now that these torpedoes were placed in an opened wagon with no one but the driver with the wagon; that they were exposed at the depot the same as barrels of provisions, and that at Batchelder's Creek they were turned over to a party of negroes to trundle into the commissary store-house, with no one to watch them. I do not believe these stories, and I wish you would give me a true statement of all the circumstances as far as you know them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 28, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

Your letter of the 26th is received, and measures taken to immediately carry out your wishes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1864-10.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

Nothing will leave here for Port Royal after 12 o'clock to-morrow. It is expected that everything for the Army of the Potomac and everything from that army will have reached that point by June 1, when General Abercrombie has bee directed to break up the depot and transfer it to the Pamunkey. I is presumed that General Smith will have reached there by that time.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

As General Burnside will hardly be up this side of the river to-day, General Warren has occupied an independent position-that is, he has closed in his right to the river, along a little stream marked on the map as rising near Mrs. Edwards'. I send you a map with

