
the position of Warren indicated roughly by a broken pencil line. Please return the map to me. I do not know your line further than that it is to be on Wright's left, and send you this sketch, as it may modify your left until Burnside comes up.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864-7.45 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I received your dispatch respecting the connection of your line with General Warren's and your advanced brigade, which I referred to General Meade, but as yet have received no directions respecting the matter.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that you should either withdraw your brigade at Haw's Shop or advance your line to that point. He considers it desirable that your position should cover the road from Haw's Shop past Dr. Pollard's, in order that the road may be used for movements of troops, but if in your judgment your present line give a better position than the more advanced one retain it. General Burnside is ordered to move from the vicinity of Hanovertown bridge to Haw's Shop at early daylight and take position with his right on your left, and extend so as to cover the road from Haw's Shop past Norman's. Warren will throw forward his whole line to correspond and cover the left flank. Information received from prisoners and deserter leads to the belief that the enemy is in strong force in our front and may assume the offensive to-morrow morning, and the commanding general enjoins great vigilance from an early hour to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 28, 1864-11.45 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff;

I have decided to withdraw the advanced brigade at Haw's Shop, as I do not consider it practicable to get the troops on as new and as good a line of battle as the present at an early hour to-morrow.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

