
number ready to dispatch to-day, but I hope to send them to Washington to-morrow. There are 30 in custody, 9 of whom are suspected of having been engaged in conveying our wounded to Richmond.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 20, 1864.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER,

Commanding at Fredericksburg, Va.:

Complaints have been made that numerous persons (perhaps nurses, attendants, employes, &amp;c., with original passes to go to Fredericksburg) are going down to the Army of the Potomac, and also people go down on the steam-boats to Aquia under pretense of being employed. As no passes are granted here to visit the army, the Secretary of War directs that you station a vigilant pass officer with the pickets in the road out, to vise all passes and allow no civilians to proceed to the army who have not a proper order from this Department or from the headquarters Army of the Potomac.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 20, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The telegraphic instructions of 20th, respecting civilians going to the Army of the Potomac, have been anticipated by me, and shall have my continued attention, but some persons will escape the guards, which are not always the most reliable or trustworthy.

Applications have been invariably refused by me.

ED. SCHRIVER.
HEADQUARTERS,Fredericksburg, May 20, 1864.

Ho. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Although it ought not to be necessary for an officers of my antecedents to disprove such a charge as the one contained in your telegram of the 19th, respecting the issue of rations to citizens of Fredericksburg, I send herein the certificate of the only commissary of subsistence who has been on duty at this post, which shows the falsity of the report. I take this occasion to assure the Department that whenever I fail to perform my whole duty I shall cease to wear the Government livery and will not eat its salt.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

Fredericksburg, Va., May 20, 1864.

I certify on honor that no sales of subsistence stores have been made at this post to any citizen or citizens, and that no issues of

