
left, in that vicinity, and extend to cover the road from Haw's Shop past Norman's. The major-general commanding directs that you throw forward your line early to-morrow morning so as to continue the position covering that road from Burnside's left to the Totopotomoy, and cover the left flank on that creek. He directs that you throw forward your line early to-morrow morning so as to continue the position covering that road from burnside's left to the Totopotomoy, and cover the left flank on that creek. He directs that you make your lines the shortest practicable consistent with the ground, so as to have troops available for other purposes than holding the rifle-pits thrown up. General burnside has similar instructions. Information derived from prisoners and deserters induces the belief that the enemy is in strong force in front, and may assume the offensive to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864-11 p. m. (Received 11.15 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN:

A construction party will be at your present headquarters early to-morrow morning to extend the line to your new position. Please give the party the necessary instructions. Inform them how to reach General Burnside's headquarters.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 28, 1864.

The major-general commanding directs that men found straggling away from the column be brought back by shooting at them.

By command of Major-General Warren:

S. M. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Pamunkey River, May 28, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report that the head of my column has arrived and is now being massed, awaiting the completion of the bridge, which is nearly finished. The river is too deep for fording, and no communication has been yet had with the other side.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Mrs. Hundley's, May 28, 1864-8.20 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

My troops are crossing the bridge and massing this side, preparatory to taking position. Crump's Creek and Swamp are no obstacles to infantry, according to the report of the cavalry, their skirmishers

