
having moved over both without difficulty. So far as I can see, there is no good position for covering the flank of the line, but I shall learn more definitely soon, as I am just going out to examine the ground. The two roads from Hanover Court-House crossing Crump's Swamp are said to be very good.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Dr. Pollard's, May 28, 1864-1150 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Your dispatch* of --- a. m. received. One division of my troops is in position, and the second, which, with the artillery, has been delayed by some accident to the bridge, will soon be. I have too brigades and three batteries on west of Crump's Creek, the remainder will be on this side. It was absolutely essential to the safety of the right flank to hold the other side of Crump's Creek in considerable strength.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the enemy is in strong force about 1 mile in your front, and it appears probable may assume the offensive to-morrow. He enjoins great vigilance on your part, and especially before and at daylight and the early hours os morning.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864-9.45 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move at early daylight to-morrow morning by the road from Hanovertown to Haw's Shop (printed on the map Harris' Shop), and take position with your right connected with General Hancock's left, at or in the vicinity of Haw's Shop, and your left extended so as to cover the road running from Haw's Shop past Norman's to the Totopotomoy, as far as your line extends. General Warren, whose line is now nearly a mile in rear of this road, will throw forward his line and continue the position from your left to the Totopotomoy, and extend so as to cover the left flank. The major-general commanding directs that you will make your front as short as the nature of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

