HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on joining your division, be dismounted and its a horse turned over to the dismounted veterans of your command.

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Mangohick, Va., May 28, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: A very intelligent man from the First South Carolina Volunteer Infantry has just come into my command, having left Hanover Junction this morning at 6 a. m. He is communicative and says there are no troops of any kind north of the South Anna, division, commanded by Colonel Hunt, Early's corps, left the entrenchments about 1 o'clock yesterday. He saw at least six brigades marching out toward Ashland on Wednesday or thursday night, and understood that the intentions of this movement was to prepare for an anticipated movement on our part across the Pamunkey at Littlepage's or Old Hanovertown. There has been talk among Lee's movement, and that the result would be a great battle somewhere between the stage road from Mechanicsville to Piping Tree Ferry and Ashland Station. It was his impression, from the fact that intrenching tools had been issued, the country would be fortified and the old policy pursued. I send the man, Hancock, to your headquarters. He is a citizen of Virginia and well acquainted with the country on the Tuckahoe, where his wife resides. He wishes to get her out and can probably be made useful as a guide if any operations ar pushed in that direction. I have sent an application to have Captain Andrews, Eighth Infantry, detailed for duty with me. Cogswell agrees to the detail. Please approve and request it.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded, for information of major-general commanding.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Camp near Navy-Yard, Washington, May 28, 1864-6 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatch of ;yesterday received about 11 p. m., and the transportation called for at once, that previously held in hand having

