
been used for the wounded. I am a little uncertain, as its is not mentioned in your orders, if you wish the material specially ordered to be ready be the last of April, or my regimental and siege tool teams, but to make sure shall take them unless you countermand them before I leave here.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

PORT ROYAL, May 28, 1864.

General BENHAM:

Please send 400 chesses, 500 balk lashings, 2 coils cables, and 25 long balks. Please have the above shipped to White House.

H. V. SLOSSON,

Captain, Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers.

MANGOHICK CHURCH, VA.,

May 28, 1864-7 a. m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE,

Port Royal, Va.:

The army is now at and near Hanovertown, and everything coming forward to it you will please send to that place and by way of that place.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 28, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE,

Port Royal, Va.:

Nothing will be sent from here to Port Royal after 12 o'clock tomorrow. Troops will be retained to guard last trains to the army. It is expected that everything from the army will have arrived by the 1st of June, and that your depot will then be broken up and transferred to the York and Pamunkey. Veteran Reserve guards will be taken with you. Illinois cavalry will be sent back.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

PORT ROYAL, May 28, 1964-10.15 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Troops as follows have reported to-day and will be sent forward with a large supply train: Colonel Howard's Second Maryland Volunteers, 160 men; Major Addicks' One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 250 men; Colonel Winslow's Fifth New York, 300; Colonel Grimshaw's Fourth Delaware, 513; different detachments, abut 850; in all, 2,073. Seven hundred men, different detachments in a battalion, commanded by Captain Pease, Seventeenth Infantry, went forward this a. m., guarding a train. Fredericksburg was abandoned this a. m.; the garrison has arrived

