
had not arrived from Fredericksburg, and the other afforded the only means we had of landing supplies, which, I understand, are very much needed by the army. Again, having no animals, I have been compelled to take the horses from reserve artillery here, to haul it out, and before they could be used, it was necessary to use the Fredericksburg train or boats, to cross the horses from the opposite side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Port Royal, Va., May 28, 1864.

Captain ROBERT L. ORR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: In conformity with orders from your headquarters, dated 25th instant, I have the honor to report that I started from Port Conway for Fredericksburg at 10 a. m., same date, witch 300 men from the Forth New York Cavalry. I arrived at Fredericksburg at 3 p. m. and reported as ordered to Colonel Schriver, military governor of Fredericksburg. he had just been relieved, and I found in his place Colonel Staunton, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry. He gave me instructions to proceed at 5 a. m. on the 27th for the Wilderness, with a detachment of the Twenty-second New York Cavalry, one squadron of the First Rhode Island Cavalry, and 500 infantry, which, including my command, numbered a force of 1,000 men, the object of the expedition being that of recovering our wounded men left int he woods within the enemy's lines. I arrived at the Wilderness at 12 m. on the 27th, without any serious opposition, encountering a few of the enemy's scouts ont he plank road at Chancellorsville, who were immediately dispersed by a squadron of the Fourth New York. I arrested several prowlers, who would give nos satisfactory account of themselves, who were lurking around in the woods. As soon as I arrived at the place where our wounded were, the surgeon in charge of the ambulances, with great activity, had them comfortably placed therein; the surplus ambulances were used to bring away all serviceable Government property, destroying that which could not be transported. After recovering our wounded, my orders confined me to act as an escort and protection to the ambulances, yet having more troops than were needed for this purpose, and being anxious to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy, if any, I advanced the Fourth New York Cavalry to a point where the plank road forks. On each of these roads I sent a squadron, and after proceeding a short distance met the enemy's pickets on the road leading to Germanna Ford, which were driven in. An encampment was here discovered which was afterward ascertained by prisoners taken to be a portion of Hampton's command, supposed to number 500 men. It was also ascertained that Germanna Ford was picketed by General Rosser's forces, but where the main portion of his troops lay could not be discovered. I am sorry to say some 400 more of our wounded men yet remain in sorry to say some 400 more of our wounded men yet remain in the hands of the enemy, farther int heir lines. I started with my command at 2 p. m., and arrived safely with the wounded and the

