
whole of my forces at Fredericksburg in the evening. The next morning, according to your order, started for Port Royal, taking the south side of the Rappahannock, where I arrived at 6 p. m.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DI CESNOLA,

Commanding Cavalry Forces.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., May 28, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe, Va.:

MAJOR: I respectfully ask permission to make another raid with 300 men into Virginia to procure horses and other property much needed int he quartermaster's department here, and on our contraband farms on the Patuxent. My last expedition, may 11, was successful. Another regiment is to report here. If the major-general commanding approves, I would like to make these raids whenever it appears to be necessary.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 28, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Bermuda Hundred:

General Grant's order was to White House. I cannot make any change. Probably General Smith can communicate with him from West Point by express sent up north side of the river.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, May 28, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

As I informed General Halleck in my dispatch of 8.30 of May 26, I had already got my best troops into a movable column for the purpose of offensive operations. My defensive line is in such position as to be safe to leave it with the dismounted cavalry,t he invalids, and a few goods. I found that the rebels had uncovered Petersburg, and its importance as a depot to them cannot be overrated. i had proposed to attack the place to-morrow morning, with every prospect of success, but the imperative orders transmitted through General Halleck, and the arrival of the transportation, although not sufficient, in my judgment, but yet sufficient to begin with, rendered necessary a change of order. General Smith embarks to-night. I have now left here one division and two regiments of infantry invalids, dismounted cavalry, and artillery. Much of the light artillery I shall send away as soon as my transports return. I regret exceedingly the loss of this opportunity upon Petersburg.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

