
subsistence stores have been made to any citizen or citizens, except employes of the Government, upon the order or approval of Colonel Ed. Schriver, inspector-general, commanding post.

No sales of subsistence stores have to my knowledge been made at this post to any citizen or citizens, except officers of the Christian and Sanitary Commissions, for which I have received orders, but not from Colonel Schriver. For three or four days after this depot of supplies was opened sales of subsistence stores were made, upon the certificate of officers that they were for their own personal use; but believing that fraud was being perpetrated upon this department, upon presentation to Colonel Schriver and Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, chief commissary of subsistence, Army of the Potomac, orders were issued that no sales should be made, unless the officer should apply in person and certify that they were for his own use, which ordes have been strictly complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. LEE,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence, Post Commissary.

MAY 20, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Commanding, Fredericksburg:

In answer to your letter of the 19th instant, respecting applications for permits to visit the front to obtain the bodies of officers and soldiers killed and battle, I am instructed to say that your decision in the matter is approved. The commanding general, however, wishes such permits to be given whenever it shall seem to you that it is practicable for persons making the applications to visit the battle-fields, and they are provided with the necessary facilities for removing the remains; but in the present position of the enemy there are not many of the burial places of the fallen that can safely be visited, except with a considerable force.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POINT LOOKOUT, May 20, 1864.

(Received 6.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I find this depot in a very satisfactory condition. The strength of the guard present for duty is 1,663. In the expectation of the arrival of more prisoners, I respectfully recommend that one old regiment, or two militia regiments, be added to the guard. I await further orders.

Respectfully,

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 20, 1864-10 p. m. (Received 7.40 a. m. 21st.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Have been fighting all day. Enemy are endeavoring to close in on our lines. We shall hold on. Have captured rebel General Wal-

