
HANOVERTOWN, VA., May 28, 1864-1 p. m.

Major General W. F. SMITH, Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

The Army of the Potomac is now crossing to the south side of the Pamunkey River, and massing at this place. The most of it has already crossed. You will leave a garrison at the White House until it is relieved by General Abercrombie's command from Port Royal, and with the remainder of your command move direct to New Castle, on the south side of the Pamunkey, and there await further orders. Order the garrison left by you at White House, on being relieved, to follow after and join you.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 28, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General W. F. SMITH, Via Fort Monroe:

General Grant directs that on reaching White House you will put the railroad bridge there in condition for crossing troops and artillery and leave a force sufficient to hold it. Ask General Butler to give you artillery enough for that purpose. The railroad bridge corps will immediately leave Alexandria with men and materials for executing the work. As soon as you occupy the place telegraph here your progress in ascending the river and landing.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,May 28, 1864-10.30 p. m. (Received 6.15 a. m. 29th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Am now embarking. I will proceed as rapidly as possible to West Point or White House, according as I find it best to land, to secure the railroad bridge at White House. I have three batteries, all I deem necessary, and all certainly that I have transportation for. I will telegraph my progress from time to time, but I shall send a brigade of fast steamer and a battery of artillery to secure the bridge in advance of my arrival with the main body.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, May 28, 1864-1 p. m.

General SMITH:

The artillery you desire shall be ordered to report to you. I have doubts upon the subject of that picket-line of General Hinks. I think it had better be from Broadway up to Spring Hill so as not to excite attention, and you can mass your troops between it. Then let General Hinks go forward in the morning and capture the pickets, if possible, as you go ahead. I have asked General Weitzel to confer with you upon that subject.

Very respectfully, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

