
stragglers and communicate with General Wilson at Mangohick Church, and obtain from him any additional force necessary to drive up stragglers.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,May 29, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The deserter (Hancock) from the First South Carolina Infantry, reported by General Wilson, came with other prisoners sent in by the cavalry a few minutes ago, and states as follows:L He was born in South Carolina, married in Virginia, and has lived here since 1861; was conscripted in 1862 and furnished a substitute; was Regiment. He has never been in a fight, has been present with the army only partially since February, and knows very little of it. He says that early this spring all the brigades, divisions, and corps were disbanded and mixed up together; that brigade and division commanders were changed and exchanged for each other; that regiments were taken here and there from every brigade and put into others; like exchanges in each case so as to keep the numbers equal; that his brigade has been commanded by Perrin, Brown, McGowan, &amp;c.; that the Fifth and Sixth South Carolina Regiments have been taken out of it and put in some other brigade, he does not know what, &c. He says he came into our lines at Hanover Junction, or near the railroad there, yesterday morning; that the troops left Hanover Junction day before yesterday, their rear passing the South Anna at 1 p. m.; that Hill's corps went last. This is all he knows of the order of their going; that some troops went away the night before; what they were he does not know. He was on cooking detail in the rear of his division and saw troops pass across the South Anna and southerly during the night. He wants to take the oath of allegiance and go north to Maryland, where his mother-in-law lives.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel and Deputy Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,May 29, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: An examination of prisoners taken by the cavalry shows that Fitz. Lee's division, Hampton's division, two new regiments South Carolina cavalry, and one of Georgia lately come from the south, composed the force of the enemy engaged. The prisoners nearly all state that they were dismounted, and acting as infantry. They give no information concerning the infantry, and few of them are willing to talk, but one says that a large wagon train

