
will push out a reconnaissance with a division, artillery with it, on the roads running from his position to Hanover Court-House, and will support the reconnaissance with his whole corps if necessary. Second, Major-General Hancock, Second Corps, will in like manner throw forward a division, with artillery, on the road from haw's Shop to Hanover Court-House, and support the reconnaissance, if necessary, with his whole corps. Third, Major-General Warren, Fifth Corps, will also push support it, if necessary, with his whole corps. Major-General Burnside, Ninth Corps, will hold his corps ready to move to the support of either Hancock or Warren. He will send out a reconnoitering force, which will advance between the roads on which Hancock's and Warren's reconnaissance moves, and keep up communication between them, and ascertain the ground between the two roads. Fifth, engineer officers and topographers will be assigned to each of the four reconnaissances to collect all requisite information.

By command of Major-General Meade:

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Warren, Wright, and Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general directs that you advance your line so that your left will unite with the right of General Burnside at Haw's Shop.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 18646-10.45 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Second Army Corps:

General Warren is ordered to take position from Haw's Shop to mouth of Mill Creek on the Totopotomoy. General Burnside is ordered to hold his corps in reserve massed in rear of Haw's Shop ready to move either to the Second Corps or to the Fifth Corps. The commanding general considers it necessary that your line should be advanced as heretofore directed. The changes of position are not to interfere with the reconnaissances and contingent operations ordered for to-day.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 29, 1864.

General WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac:

My line is being moved forward as rapidly as possible to cover the road to Haw's Shop, connecting with General Burnside. At 12

