
o'clock the reconnaissance will commence by General Barlow's division. My headquarters will be at Haw's Shop during the reconnaissance. Until the telegraph wire is completed up to General Burnside, all dispatches from me should be sent to my present headquarters, where I shall have my adjutant-General and orderlies to forward them.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 29, 1864-2.50 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: General Barlow's column, moving on the main Richmond road, has arrived at the junction of the Cold Harbor and hanover Junction roads. Colonel Brooke's brigade was sent by road to the right at Aenon Church. The skirmish line has struck a cavalry skirmish line at this point. It is reported by a woman near by that they have a line of battle on Southard's Branch, a small stream about a mile ahead. General Barlow will leave a brigade and section of a battery at this point and push on the right-hand road toward Hanover Court-House. He thinks there is nothing but cavalry ahead of us. He will meet Colonel Brooke about 1 1/2 miles, where are Aenon church road crosses into the Hanover Court-House road. I know nothing definite as yet, but will communicate at once if anything occurs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. WILSON,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,May 29, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: General Birney reports an infantry force on his right; a section of horse artillery in General Barlow's front. General Barlow had directed Colonel Brooke to proceed with great caution, throwing but a regiment across the river at one time. The greater part of the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania is across. General Barlow is building his bridge over the river.

Very respectfully,

H. H. BINGHAM,

Captain and Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS,May 29, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: General Barlow reports that he has found the enemy in some force on the Totopotomoy Creek (which runs to the north farther than indicated on the map), about 1 mile from the junction of the Cold Harbor and Hanover Court-House roads, where a line of works can be seen. The enemy appear to be moving to the right and left, manning their works. A contraband reports the road to

