
Richmond "fined with troops," and says he counted twenty guns on the left of the road, in front of General Barlow. General Barlow has seen but three or four. I have sent word to General Barlow to make no attack, unless he receives further orders. His skirmishers are 1,000 yards or so from the works. The contraband referred to has arrived. Expecting you, I keep him here. The position of General Barlow is 4 miles from here, on the Meadow Bridge road. The map appears much at fault.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Move up your whole corps to-morrow morning at early daylight, and take up a position in front of the enemy. Wright will be ordered to move down to your right, and Burnside will be ordered to form a connection between your left and Warren.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864-8 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Barlow is now lying on the Totopotomoy River, with his left resting on the Cold Harbor and Hanover Court-house road, and his right resting on road to Atlee's Station. General Birney, connecting with General Barlow's right, crosses the Hanover Court-House road, 1 miles from the Totopotomoy. Our skirmish line is within 250 yards of the Totopotomoy, reaching from the Atlee's Station road to the Cold Harbor road, and from the Atlee's road the line bears to the right of the Totopotomoy Creek-the right about 1,200 yards from same. The ladies at Colonel Shelton's residence give the name of the creek as Totopotomoy, and that the creek is miry on either bank below the ford. I will send you a lengthy dispatch soon as to my observations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: I have just returned from the front. When I arrived there I found General Barlow thought the position in front too strong for attack, and he had not examined sufficiently far to the right or left. I subsequently went down to the skirmish line and examined the position very carefully. Just in our front there is an immense on space; a wheat-field, which extends also between

