HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,May 29, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I am pressing forward my skirmish line as directed. In one part of the line they are across the stream and find a strong line of skirmishers well posted. I will press on as far as possible and inform you of developments.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,At crossing of Hanover C. H. and Cold Harbor road, and road from Haw's Store to Richmond,

May 29, 1864-9.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I reached this point with my division at about 2 p. m. to-day. Driving in the few skirmishers of the enemy, I reached a point where the Richmond road crosses the Totopotomoy Creek. The western bank of the creek is held by the enemy in force; they have a line of works on the bank of the creek well filled with infantry in line of battle. In the part of the line which could be seen there were several pieces of artillery in the first line. In the rear of this first lien there were several detached another one piece of artillery. I think there were three works, with two pieces each, besides single guns. There was a second line of infantry in line of battle.

I think their line crosses the Hanover Court-House and Cold Harbor road. At least they have a strong line of pickets across the road about one mile from this point, and a force that I advanced against the pickets this afternoon received a heavy fire, and reported a line of battle. I shall inquire further in the morning. The enemy's line of fires to-night is heavy, and extends on both sides of the Richmond road. They are chopping, and apparently fortifying the line which crosses the Cold Harbor road. The Totopotomoy seems to be an insignificant creek, but the banks in our immediate front are steep. I think the ground on this side the creek commands the enemy's work, and that a heavy force of guns would render their line untenable, and enable us to cross.

I have the honor to be, colonel, respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-I sent Brooke's brigade this afternoon on the road leading from this point to Hanover Court-House. He communicated with pickets of General Wright on the road to Ashland. He found cavalry and a section of artillery but no great force. I could make no communication with Generals Burnside and Warren.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

