
at Bermuda Hundred; have sent for it. Don's know if it can be spared. Asked Captain Babcock, commanding fleet in York River, to escort stores to White House. He replied could go to West Point, but on account of torpedoes in Pamunkey was dangerous to go farther. Sent two days' forage to him-all I had at the depot. Five days' forage was called for. Except Sheridan will come to West Point. Our boats suitable for ferrying are kept with the army up the James River. Have just received dispatch from General Butler, asking for 1,500 axes in great haste. We have none on hand; 1,000 are due on requisitions. Will you have 1,500 sent at once? Colonel Shaffer telegraphs "have no uneasiness about us; we are all right."

HERMAN BIGGS,

Chief Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, May 20, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER:

General Sheridan's command is at White House. Have sent to me for fifteen pontoons and five days' supply of rations and forage. Have sent the rations and one day's forage (all I have) to West Point. Captain Babcock, U. S. Navy, at Yorktown, says gun-boat will escort supplies as far as West Point, as it is dangerous to go up the Pamunkey. You have at least thirteen days' supply of forage, in grain, at Bermuda Hundred, and I have written to Colonel Fuller to send me schooner with 10,000 bushels of grain; two days' supply for General Sheridans' horses. Suppose more than fifteen pontoons will be needed at West Point.

HERMAN BIGGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

BERMUDA, May 20, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff.

The following is a copy of a letter just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Biggs:

I inclose herewith copy of a dispatch received from Lieutenant-Colonel Howard, quartermaster Cavalry Corps. I have sent about 6,000 bushels oats, which is all I have. This is little more than one day's supply for the corps. Please communicate with General Butler, and send me a schooner with about two days' supply for them, say 10,000 bushels. The schooner F. Merrin or Ida Jones. There should be vessels in to-day laden with forage, but all with not answer, rely on this. If they come in, however, I will forward them up the river at once. You have now at least twelve days' supply of grain at Bermuda Hundred.

The following is a copy of Colonel Howard's dispatch to Colonel Biggs:

FORT MAGRUDER, VA., May 19, 1864.

I have just arrived at this place on my way to Fort Monroe for the purpose of procuring five days' forage for 12,000 animals, 65,000 rations of subsistence, and a take them immediately on my arrival to White House, on the Pamunkey?

I have sent the schooner, as requested, to report to Colonel Biggs, as we have a full supply of forage here.

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

