HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you furnish Colonel Tidball with such details for fatigue as he may require to-night. He has been directed to put in as many batteries as practicable on the crest nea Shelton's. These batteries are to be well covered and connected by a line of rifle-pits, which must be manned by daylight. The major-general commanding thinks that your sharpshooters should be posted along this line, the rifle-pits being manned by, say, a brigade of infantry. The remainder of the troops will be placed along the line of the Hanover Court-House road. They should throw up cover from the enemy's shells. General Barlow will attend to all the work to be done on the left-hand side of the Richmond road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers --. May 29, 1864.

* * * *

II. In pursuance of Special Orders from headquarters Second Corps, this date, the First Maine Artillery, Colonel Chaplin, is assigned to Third Brigade, and the First Massachusetts Artillery, Colonel Tannatt, to Second Brigade. The commanding officer of these regiments will at once forward a field return and a roster of their officers, and join the brigades with their regiments.

By command of Major-General Birney:

F. BIRNEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 29, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

My command has been ready t move since daylight, but the road has been occupied by the Ninth Corps, which has all passed on toward Harris' [Haw's] Shop, extending to Norman's. General Crawford is moving out on a road to the left of my line, which will bring him in his right position. I am informed that there is no enemy in that front. I sent two officers back for General Lockwood yesterday. They ran against a squad of the enemy's cavalry at Saint Paul's church and were chased some miles. General Burnside found Wilson's cavalry at Mangohick Church, having taken the route of the Sixth Corps. From the forced marching we have made some men necessarily failed to keep up, and as none of our cavalry followed our route, I expect a few rebel cavalrymen will get them all. General Lockwood is not far back on his way here, and will be up I expect to-day.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

