HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864 - 8 p. m. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I have just returned from a personal examination of Griffin's front. Due south, and I believe also to the east of the line, there was no enemy discovered. After moving up the Totopotomoy, on his first setting out, he ran against the enemy's infantry about 1 1/2 miles west of this north and south line and withdrew his force without the enemy following; again he struck the enemy where the road turns southwest toward Shady Grove; some sharp skirmishing along a narrow front was all that occurred here. Four regiments of infantry were seen to move from this point southeasterly and the skirmishing was continued until dark. Between this point and the Totopotomoy the country is in some cases cleared, in others wooded. The valley of the stream is in many places difficult to move in except in this lines. If the enemy should be to-morrow as we have found him to-day it would require my whole corps south of the Totopotomoy. General Burnside might cover the space between that stream and General Hancock, and connection be kept up over the had country by strong skirmish lines well supported. I would like to be informed of the country held by our cavalry south of me.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Hancock is directed to move forward and take position in front of the enemy. Burnside will form on Hancock's left and you will form on Burnside's left. As the enemy apparently were close to you this p. m., it is presumed your left will not be greatly advanced. I have received no report of General Griffin's operations or progress since leaving your headquarters. Please report.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864 - 9.45 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. received. General Sheridan's pickets are at Linney's, Old Church, Powell's Tavern, and Tignor's. He is directed to connect his pickets with yours and keep up the connection.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 29, 1864 - 1.30 a. m.

Division commanders will be ready to move forward their commands at 5 o'clock this a. m., to take up a new position in their front.

