
First Division, Brigadier-General Griffin, will take the road on the right. Third Division, Brigadier-General Crawford, will move by the road on the left. An officer will be sent from these headquarters to point out the way.

By command of Major-General Warren:

S. M. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 29, 1864 - 11 a. m.

As soon as possible the following movements will take place: General Griffin, with his division and two batteries, will make a reconnaissance toward Shady Grove, crossing at the mouth of Mill Creek. General Crawford and General Cutler, with their commands, will take up position on the east side Mill Creek, extending from Haw's Shop to the Totopotomoy Creek, and be prepared to move forward to the support of General Griffin at a movement's notice. The rest of the artillery, with Colonel Kitching's command, will move up to the position assigned to Generals Crawford and Cutler. Headquarters will be at the house occupied by Norman, on the road from Haw's Shop to the north of Mill Creek. General Lockwood's command will remain till further orders at Dr. Brockenbrough's.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

General Griffin will keep up, as far as may be, communication with General Burnside's reconnaissance on his right, but will not delay movements on this account.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 128. May 29, 1864.

I. In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, brought to this by Brigadier-General Lockwood, will proceed to join the Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

II. Brigadier-General Lockwood having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the Second Division, Fifth Army Corps. Colonel Lyle, commanding First Brigade, Second Division; Colonel Bates, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division; Colonel Dushane, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, will report to Brigadier-General Lockwood without delay.

III. The following assignments are hereby ordered and will report to the brigade commanders to which they are assigned at 4 a. m. to-morrow, the 30th instant: Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel E. W. Pierce, to Third Brigade, First Division, Brigadier-General Barlett; Purnell Legion, Colonel Samuel A. Graham, to Third Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Dushane; Forty-sixth New York Volunteers, Colonel travers, and Third Delaware, Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Dorrell, to Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Colonel Hofmann; Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Moffett, to First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel Lyle.

