HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

General WRIGHT:

General Barlow reports that 4 miles from here he meets the enemy in position and force. He has been directed to maintain his position, and Hancock is moving out to support him. It will be necessary your advanced parties should maintain their positions, and you will, therefore, move such portions of your force as may be necessary to make their position secure. Warren meets them about a mile from his left flank, on the Shady Grove Church road. The seem to have a line covering the railroad, but your position will enable us to secure the railroad, and perhaps the Junction.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864 - 6.45 p. m. (Received 7.10 p. m)

Major-General MEADE:

i have sent two brigades to Russell, and will move the whole corps if necessary, as I would prefer doing, at any rate unless you desire to hold on to our present line. I shall soon learn from Russell what additional force he needs. Should I move more than at present ordered it will be virtually an abandonment of my line, and the entire force might as well be moved forward, leaving, say, a small brigade to look after trains and surplus artillery.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864 - 7 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

General Hancock is directed to move out and take position in front of the enemy. You will form your corps on his right. In doing this you will move down from your present advanced position and endeavor to place yourself on the enemy's flank. This movement of your corps will be made at daylight to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

May 29, 1864.

A reconnaissance will be made at 12 m. in the direction of Hancock Court-House under the direction of General Russell. The commanders of the Second and Third Divisions will place their commands under arms at that hour and hold them in readiness to move promptly to General Russell's support, if required.

By command of Major-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

