
BERMUDA, May 20, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

I found the admiral. I had an ambulance ready for him, but he declined to go. He evidently did not fancy the ride through the mud. He thought that the general might ride over to General Terry's quarters and communicate there. I saw a Richmond paper on board of yesterday; they acknowledge a loss of 1,500 in killed and wounded at Drewry's Bluff. No fighting by Lee on the 18th. No particular news.

Among the list of 1,000 prisoners was General Heckman, Colonel Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts; Colonel White, Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania; Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett, Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania; Lieutenant-Colonel Bartholomew, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts; Captain Belger an others of lower rank. Heckman refused to be searched at Libby Prison, showed fight, but was threatened with the black hole and succumbed.

FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HDQRS. SIEGE ARTY., DEPT. OF VA, AND N. CAROLINA,In the Field, May 20, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day made requisition for four 30-pounder Parrott guns from the redoubts on General Smith's left; also for ammunition sufficient to bring the supply for these rifled guns and those now and hand up to 200 rounds each; for the four howitzers which came yesterday I have made requisition for 100 rounds each, not knowing exactly what is on hand as yet. The 30-pounder Parrott which started yesterday from the landing is struck in the mud, a mile below General Gillmore's headquarters, where it has remained since yesterday evening, although great efforts were made to get it up last night. I think, if it is intended to get a 100-pounder Parrott, that arrangement should be made for landing it at Point of Rocks, if possible. I have the put it on my requisition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, May 20, 1864-11.20.

Brigadier-General Weitzel will make a tour of inspection of the lines of entrenchments, and his orders and suggestions in regard to working parties and supports will be implicitly carried out by corps, division, and brigade commanders.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

