
Iam sure, therefore, there are no stragglers on the route of the army, expect as such as may have been concealed in places out of the way. But to render this certain and to move surely cover the roads, I have left one regiment on the road near Dabney's with directions to put an advanced guard at Mangohick and patrol in all directions, particularly toward Taylor's Ferry.

I have sent another regiment to the finger-board which marks the point where the Bowling Green road leaves the Aylett and Chesterfield roads, with Directions to follow the road across Reedy Swamp to the Bowling Green and Mangohick road, bringing all persons belonging to the army. This disposition, it seems to move, covers the original rear of the army. As for General Lockwood, I know nothing definite; but Captain Goddard informed me this morning he was coming on the road from Aylett's. I did not suppose that I would be required to look after him, having received no notification of his movement, but since your note I have sent a staff officer back on the road with orders to find the Second Ohio, if possible, and order it to put itself behind everything, bring up all stragglers, patrol in all directions, and communicate frequently. Finally, Chapman's brigade is near the junction of the road to Dunkirk with the one to Mangohick, that is, near Dabney's. McIntosh is near here by the mill pond. If I knew exactly how many trains were yet to pass, I could say precisely whether or not to send over more troops on the various roads. I am quite sure my dispositions are ample, but if you think best I can move back to Mangihick with the entire division. The stragglers shall all be sent in as so as the trains and cattle have all passed, so that the scalawags can be selected. The country shall be patrolled in every direction from there.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,May 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Army of the Potomac, to show the condition of the trains, &amp;c., in rear of the army.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General RUCKER:

No further shipments of troops or supplies will be made to Port Royal, Va. General Abercrombie has been directed to send forward to General Grant's army everything now on the way, and to have everything away and the depot broken up the 1st of June. The depot will be transferred to the Pamunkey River, and everything hereafter for the Army of the Potomac will be sent to White House.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copies sent to Surgeon-General, Commissary-General, and the commanding officer Department of Washington.)

