
MAY 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General RUCKER:

General Abercrombie thinks he will get everything off to-morrow, and be ready to remove his depot. As his Invalid Battalion of guards cannot march, he will require transportation for them by water to White House. Please order it. General Smith's advance should be at West Point to-morrow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.- Notify General Abercrombie of last vessel sent to Port Royal.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

PORT ROYAL, VA., May 29, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I omitted in my last telegram to report that between 400 and 500 contrabands were shipped last evening for Washington; also that I have picked up and sent to the front over 2,500 stragglers.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1864 - 2.16 p. m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE,

Port Royal, Va.:

General Rucker will furnish water transportation for your invalid guards to White house. General Smith's advance will be on the Pamunkey to-morrow. The [Eighth] Illinois Cavalry will protect the telegraph party in removing their line.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Royal, May 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: Upward of 400 contrabands were shipped last evening for Washington. I have also apprehended over 2,500 stragglers, whom I shall send to-day or to-morrow under guard to the army. I have received no instructions myself as to abandoning Port Royal. From information derived through the Quartermaster's Department,however, I understand the basis to be the White House, on the Pamunkey, where I shall proceed with the Invalid battalion, all of whom are completely knocked up by a short march from Belle Plain to this place, and are fit for nothing but garrison duty, and not very reliable for that. On my arrival at White House I will report for further instructions.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

