HEADQUARTERS,Port Royal, May 29, 1864.

Captain P. P. Pitkin,

Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: Commodore Parker informs me your transport are ashore all along the river - guerrillas in the river - and some of them in exposed position. Too much hurry will delay our movements. If you have not pilots, boats should not go down at night. After 12 o'clock to-day nothing will be sent here. you must, therefore, allow sufficient time for boats to arrive from Washington before you break up entirely.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Royal, May 29, 1864.

TELEGRAPH OPERATOR,

Pope's Point, Va.:

Have the Twelfth U. S. Infantry and all dismounted cavalry moved to this point immediately. The Eighth Illinois Cavalry will guard the line.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

On James River, May 29, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

(Received 7.10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Flag of truce just in with papers to the 28th. They report, May 27, 12 noon:

A large force of the enemy appeared and pressed our cavalry back at Hanover Court-House. Prisoners captured from Sixth Corps say that they have orders to move to the White House.

ATLANTA, May 27.

Our advance came up with the enemy at New Hope, 4 miles east of Dallas, on Wednesday. Our right rests on the road from Acworth to Dalls, about 3 miles northeast of New Hope, and extends from the latter point nearly west.

CLINTON, May 24, 1864.

(Via Summit, 26th.)

Banks has escaped from Alexandria via Simsport. A J. Smith's corps has gone up to Natchez and Vicksburg. The balance of his army is in full retreat toward New Orleans, at Morganza, on the west bank of the river. Canby has arrived and assumed command.

In view of this news, as the Nineteenth Army Corps is disengaged, I respectfully suggest that it be sent by water, to land here or at West Point in reach of General Grant. General Weitzel, who so well knows the military situation in Louisiana, concurs in the suggestion. It can be here in fourteen days to re-enforce the army, depleted by the battles to be fought in the mean time.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

