
GENERAL BUTLERS' HEADQUARTERS,

May 29, 1864.

Honorable E, M, STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Colonel Robert M. West, of the First Pennsylvania Artillery, was mustered into service July 29, 1862, and has been in service ever since, most of the time at Williamsburg. His regiment was never raised, although accepted, because of the order of the Department in relation to artillery regiments. Governor Curtin has now, at my request, commissioned Colonel West as colonel of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Colonel West led that gallant cavalry expedition of the two colored regiments across the Chickahominy. I could not give him his commission, or he would have been ranked by his actual juniors. I ask permission to have him mustered as of his proper rank, July 29, 1862. Colonel West has served nearly three years, and was an old soldier at the being of the war.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 29, 1864 - 6 p. m. (Received 8.39 a. m. 30th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following is an extract from the Richmond Examiner of 27th instant: "trains commenced running regularly on the Petersburg railroad yesterday, 26th." It will be seen, therefore, that we have held the road for three weeks, May 5 to 26. Our prisoners in Richmond are on half rebel rations, so are the rebel soldiers.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your telegram of 10.30 this morning is acknowledged. The suggestion as to the disposition of the Nineteenth Army Corps will be transmitted to Lieutenant-General Grant for his consideration. He is apprised of the state of things on Red River and Louisiana, and gives direction to all the Government forces. You can express directly to him your views in respect to their disposition, Our latest information from General Grant's army was their crossing the Pamunkey at Hanovertown, and expected to be all across by noon yesterday.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BERMUDA,

May 29, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

General BUTLER:

The last steamer with troops left here at 12 m. Do not know what time last one left City Point.

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

