
BERMUDA, May 29, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: The man Underdue, colored, was confined by order of Colonel Shaffer, chief of staff, for reporting all sorts of stories and trying to raise stampede. Captain Cassels, provost-marshal, afterward received orders from Colonel Shaffer to put Underdue, colored, at work during the day and confine him at night. Captain Cassels, provost-marshal, afterward received telegram from Colonel S. M. Bowman, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania, chief mustering and recruiting officer, U. S. Colored Troops, which was forwarded to Colonel Shaffer, respecting the selection of Underdue to the position of chaplain in some colored regiment. In answer from Colonel Shaffer received orders that as Underdue was well, he should be retained.

Respectfully,

M. H. MYERS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS,May 29, 1864 - 7.40 a. m.

General GILLMORE,

Commanding Defenses, &amp;c.:

Direct an inspection and return at 11 a. m. to-day of all the forces along the line and the reserves, so that we may have to-night an exact account of every man we have and where he belongs.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GILLMORE"S,

May 29, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: I have ordered the inspection and return, and have sent for General Kautz to ascertain exactly how his command is disposed. I will call and see you when I get all the necessary information so as to arrange for a command for Turner.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

GILLMORE"S HEADQUARTERS,

May 29, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

The signal officer from Battery Numbers 3 reports:

During last night rebel signal stations could be seen in full operation, but owing to my sickness and headache I was half blind and unable to do anything in regard to watching them. They have also during last two days been at work on the two new works on the other side of the James; also last night two rockets were sent up from that same region. In front of us the rebels are at work in greater force this a. m. than ever before, strengthening their whole line.

N. B. ROBERTS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

