HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864 - 11.40 a. m. (Received 12.23 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER, Commanding:

I have seen General Kautz and arranged with him that he will command Mix's and Spear's brigade of cavalry and the artillery on the line they occupy, while Turner takes the extreme left and everything there, both generals to report directly to me. Unless you desire some other arrangement I will issue the order. I feel the want of Colonel Serrel's services very much just now.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,May 29, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General GILLMORE:

Dispatch received. Your disposition as regards Kautz and Turner is approved. General Weitzel will do anything in the way of engineering to which General Gillmore does not feel himself competent on our line. Colonel Henry L. Abbot is also a very accomplished engineer officer in your command. In my judgment, Colonel Serrell is now of more use in his present position than he can be elsewhere.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

GILLMORE'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 29, 1864 - 2.15 p. m.

The operator will have this repeated, and will request the other station to have it examine by General Butler before he sends it again.

Q. A. GILLMORE

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 29, 1864 - 2.15.

General Gillmore has returned my dispatch of 12.30 for examination. I see no word to alter, save that General Gillmore may object to the word "competent." The sense in which it may be used might be objectionable, but there are many kinds of incompetency, one of knowledge, and the other want of time, pressure of other duties, superintendence of details, and supervision [of] works, because of which General Gillmore asked for Colonel Serrell, and to which I have suggest the services of General Weitzel and Colonel Abbot.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1864 - 4.20 p. m.

Brigadier General G. WEITZEL,

General Butler's Headquarters:

There are in position on the line of defense twenty 3-inch ordnance guns, sixteen light 12-pounders, and two 12-pounder mountain

