
the James River to the Appomattox, with reference to the artillery and infantry defense of that line, and the location of troops on and behind it. You will suggest such improvements in the line as you may deem necessary, in the order of their relative importance, reporting in writing to these headquarters as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., May 29, 1864.

The following is hereby announced as the organization of the forces occupying the entrenchments on the left of Brigadier-General Terry's division: Brigadier General J. W. Turner, U. S. Volunteers, will command the extreme left of the line and the forces of all arms stationed on the left of Brigadier-General Kautz's command. Brigadier General A. V. Kautz, U. S. Volunteers, will command the First and Second Cavalry Brigades, commanded respectively by Cols. S. H. Mix and S. P. Spear, together with the artillery which may be in position on the line occupied by said brigades. Both of the general officers above named will report directly to these headquarters.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., May 29, 1864.

Colonel H. L. Abbot, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, is hereby announced as chief of artillery for the line of defenses.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, May 29, 1864 - 1.10 a. m.

(Via Fort Monroe, 6.30 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Ames, with 4,000 men and one battery, will leave here at daylight to land at West Point, and march at daylight to-morrow morning to hold the bridge at White House and fortify his position. The other troops will follow as fast as possible with tee tows that each steamer has to take. Bridge builders can be sent immediately.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

