
MAY 29, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Colonel AMES:

Send Captain Dollard at or before daylight to-morrow morning to capture a rebel picket. I am very desirous to obtain information from Petersburg. Do all you can obtain a picket.

HINKS,

General.

FALG SHIP AGAWAM,

James River, May 29, 1864 - 10 p. m. (Via Fort Monroe, 6 p., 30th. Received 7.20 p. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of War:

Went to Fort Powhatan and Wilson's Wharf to-day. the Pequot, Atlanta, Dawn, and Young America will effectually help the troops. One colored regiment at each place, to hold against great odds these important position, which the army is fortifying. General Wild had 900 colored troops at Wilson's Wharf, and two 20-pounder Parrotts, and no other artillery, when we were attacked. He says the enemy to me that the gun-boats were of great assistance to him in repelling their attack.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 29, 1864. (Via Yorktown.)

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 27th has been shown to General Grant, who says [the] line need not be extended farther than White House, as we will probably leave here before it can reach us; cannot tell now where we will meet Bickford, but will look out for him if we get near railroad. Dispatches will be sent from headquarters to White House by messengers. Will advise you as promptly as possible when Grant makes his wants known. Our battery wagon was fired into by rebels while leaving North Anna and broke down, and has been destroyed. No one hurt and nothing but wagon lost. Battery in good working order now, and we are in communication with all corps and working well. Will write by first mail. Dover wants you to send quantity of rubber slips for covering places where connections have made in field wire.

A. H. CALDWELL.

FORT MONROE, VA., May 29, 1864.

Major ECKERT:

Bickfort and party arrived this morning. Have got their six teams complete and a steamer to take them direct to West Point.

21 R R - VOL XXXVI, PT III

