
Have furnished them everything they wanted and material to make 20 miles with what they had. Teams and wagoners scarce. They left at sundown. Palmer arrived at Yorktown at 11 a. m. to-day; has run line from office to river; is now ferrying his train across river on a barge; says it will take till midnight to finish crossing. He will commence on Gloucester side at daylight in morning. Has everything he wants. I will try to go to Yorktown to-morrow.

G. D. SHELDON.

FORT MONROE, May 29, 1864.

[Major ECKERT:]

Butler favors crossing at Yorktown and the north route. J. M. Palmer and party, with Homan and Collins, arrived at Jamestown last night; had to land them there, as they came down on regular dispatch-boat; would have been better if they had come here. They will arrive at Yorktown this afternoon by land. Will hurry the work; will lay the cables and have all ready. Propeller Detroit, with material, arrived yesterday; was sent to Yorktown, and the material is landed on Gloucester side. Operators will be distributed according to orders.

G. D. SHELDON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., May 29, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Va. and N. C.:

MAJOR: Affairs in North Carolina remain quiet. I have organized two or three expeditions, one toward Wilmington, and one to try to blow up the ram in the Roanoke. I hope strongly for success, and I will do everything I can with my small force to worry the enemy in this State. An unfortunate accident with some of our own torpedoes a day or two since killed and wounded more than 50 men. It was, in my opinion, the result of the grossest carelessness. I hope to present yet a good account of the force here.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

TWO MILES SOUTHWEST OF HAW'S SHOP,

May 30, 1864 - 4 p. m. (Received 10.45 a. m. 31st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There seems to be some prospect of Lee making a stand north of the Chickahominy, his right near Shady Grove. I have heard nothing yet of Smith's troops reaching White House. If I can get up to attack will not await his arrival. I wish you would send all the pontoon bridging you can to City Point to have it ready in case it is anted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

