HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 10.25 a. m.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

There is no very material change in the lines here since last night. General Barlow's skirmish line has advanced to the creek on the left of the Cold Harbor road. The enemy has a Whitworth gun in position and firing on Generals Gibbon's and Barlow's skirmishers. The gun cannot be seen, and it is supposed to be firing at long range. They also been throwing shells at the Shelton house, where we have a battery. Their guns will be silenced as soon as they can be seen. General Hancock is developing the line of the creek. If there is another officer available I wish you would send him to relieve me some time this afternoon, as it is almost impossible for me to ride. If there is none I can remain. I am now with General Hancock.

CHARLES N. TURNBULL,

Captain, Engineers.

MAY 30, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

Major DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

General Griffin has moved out on the first road south of the Totopotomoy to within about a mile of the road past Richardson's to Walnut Grove Church. As he advances the skirmishing becomes more obstinate, which leads me to believe that the enemy is taking up position in front of the Shady Grove Church and Mechanicsville road. the country is very much cut up and affords strong positions for skirmishers. The road seems to be along a ridge.

C. W. HOWELL,

Corps of Engineers.

MAY 30, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Major-DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

General Crawford was driven off of the Mechanicsville road, and took up position on the south side of the road on which General Griffin was advancing. General Griffin's right is within a mile of the road to Walnut Grove Church, and the line of the Fifth Corps extends from Genera; Griffin south of the road on which he is and parallel to it; the left is in front of Anderson's house. The enemy are on the Mechanicsville road and throwing up rifle-pits. Our position is quite good.

C. W. HOWELL,

Corps of Engineers.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TEE POTOMAC,

May 30, 1864 - 6 a. m.

Corps and other independent commanders will draw to-day three days' rations for the troops from the general supply train, so that the men will have five days' rations persons from to-morrow morning. The attention of all commanders is called to the necessity of issuing stringent instructions to prevent the waste of subsistence

