
crest of the main ditch, and will thee remain. If its losses are large in coming in, it will be strengthened by sending a few men from the main line.

General Brook's division: One brigade will hold the main line in front of the division. The remaining brigades of the division will from a division reserve, and be posted in rear of the right of the corps. The picket-line of this division will hold the edge of the ravine in its front to the last moment. If driven in, it will held the crest of the counterscarp of the main ditch, deployed as skirmishers; being re-enforced, if much reduced, by sending a few men from the main line.

II. Tenth Army Corps, Major-General Gillmore commanding: General Ames' division: The whole of this division, excepting two regiments, will hold the line in front of the division. The two remaining regiments will from the division reserve, and be posted in rear of and near the center of the division line.

General Terry's division: Two brigades of this division will hold the line in front of the division. The Third Brigade will from the division reserve, and be posted in rear of and near the center of the division line.

General Turner's division: This division will from the corps reserve, and be posted in rear of the center of the corps. The picket-line of the Tenth Corps will be very strong. If driven in, it will fall back as skirmishers, and take post under cover of the counterscarp crest, or behind the abatis, each man covering himself as well as possible where there is no counterscarp, and there remain, being re-enforced, if much cut up, by sending a few men from the main line.

All reserves will be posted in line during the artillery fire of the enemy, but will be formed in column, so as to be readily thrown to any threatened point. The reserve artillery will be moved so that it can most effectually bear upon any assaulting column of the enemy. All the troops will at once be encamped in the positions above indicated, excepting the two regiments of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps. All horses and wagons must at one be removed out of sight of the enemy, and, if practicable, out of range. The troops of this command will from every morning at 3.30 a. m., and so remain under arms until daybreak or fog lifts, until further orders. These instructions will be read to each regiment and battery in the respective corps, so as to be clearly understood.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.

Numbers 64. In the Field, Va., May 20, 1864.

Captain Alfred Mordecai, U. S. Ordnance Corps, is hereby announced as chief of ordnance of the army in the field. All officers on ordnance duty in the field will report to him.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

3 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

