HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 8.15 p. m.

General HANCOCK,

Second Army Corps:

There is a gap between your left and my right which General Owen told General Potter he would fill with a brigade, but he had not done it when I left the line a few minutes ago. It is possible he may have done it before this, but it might be well to remind him of the importance of it, both to your command and mine. I would be glad to fill it myself, but I really have not the troops, having had to relieve Griffin's line in order that he might go to the relief of Warren's left. I deem it of the utmost importance that part of the line should be entrenched before morning. How are you getting on?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 9.05 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

I have received your dispatch in regard to the gap between my left and your right, which was caused, as is reported to me, as having occurred from General Owen moving forward to attack in conformity with orders from General Meade. As General Wright will be probably moved to the left to-night to support Warren, and I think it inadvisable to order Owen to fall back, you had better fill the gap for the time being, and I will send more troops to that point should General Wright not move.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 30, 1864 - 8.30 p. m. (Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

Warren has repulsed an attack of the enemy, but reports their moving to his left. It will probably be necessary to move Wright to the left. You had better intrench strongly so as to hold your line with the minimum force and give you as much as possibly so as to meet a flank attack.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 30, 1864.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

I send you the reports* of my division commanders as to the operations of this evening. The left of my line, (General Owen), is in advance of General Burnside, owing to General Owen moving

---------------

* See Barlow to Walker, 9 p. m.; Gibbon to Hancock, 8.45 p. m.; Birney to Walker, 9 p. m., pp. 332, 333, 334.

---------------

