
charge in order to cover or threaten an assault. As soon as possible thereafter (about 25 minutes) I opened with sixteen pieces and six Coehorn mortars, posted in front of and to the right and left of the Shelton house. The fire I kept up about half an hour, when I received orders from the major-general commanding to cease firing. No reply was made by the enemy. Owing to the darkness the effect of the firing could not be observed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. TIDBALL,

Colonel, Commanding Artillery.

ARMORY SQUARE HOSPITAL,

Washington, D. C., May 30, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on the morning of the 12th in your famous charge with the Second Corps, while in command of the Nineteenth Maine, I captured the flag of the Thirty-third Virginia Regiment. I was wounded some three hours afterward. I now have the flag in my possession. I was intending to send it to the Governor of our State; but will dispose of it otherwise if you direct. I have reported the capture of the flag to Captain Banes, assistant adjutant-general of our brigade, but learning that you were making inquiries for the flag of the thirty-third Virginia, I hope you will pardon me for taking this method of informing you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. WELCH,

Major Nineteenth Maine Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The adjutant-general is respectfully requested to send to Major Welch for the flag he admits he has in his possession. Reiterated orders have been issued from these headquarters directing that all flags taken from the enemy be sent in, that they may be forwarded to the War Department, as required by the regulations; and the disregard of these orders by officers I consider exceedingly reprehensible.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: At 7.20 p. m. to-day I received orders to attack the enemy, for the purpose of relieving General Warren. The attack was ordered to be made upon the most suitable pint. I attacked at once with Broke's brigade at the nearest point, in order to make

