
the diversion as prompt as possible. At about 8 p. m. received orders to discontinue the attack. At that time Brooke's brigade had advanced over the creek and to the top a wooded ridge running nearly perpendicular to the Cold Harbor road, at a point 1 mile from the cross-roads. A somewhat heavy fire of the enemy was met with - described to me by Colonel Brooke as being a line of battle. I do not believe it to be more than a very heavy skirmish line. In the darkness we could not see the enemy or any works. By the light of the fire of our artillery it is reported to me that troops of the enemy were seem moving to their right during our attack. No artillery was used by the enemy upon our attacking force. I occupy the crest above named with a strong skirmish line, connecting with General Gibbon on my left and General Birney on my right.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 10.20 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in the attack of to-night Colonel Brooke drove the enemy out of a very strongly entrenched skirmish line of works. This line is not parallel to the creek, but oblique, their right resting in the swamp near the creek, and their left running inclined back toward the general line of their works. No lights are visible from this work in the direction of the enemy, and no sounds indicating their presence are heard. We can see farther in the morning.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.- General Gibbon is not sufficiently advanced to connect with the left of our present skirmish line. I ask that he may do so. I send up 1 officer and 1 man, prisoners. They say the line from which they came is not entrenched.

F. C. B.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,May 30, 1864 - 8.45 p. m.

[General HANCOCK:]

GENERAL: The result of my attack, which was made at a very late hour this afternoon, was simply to advance the right of my skirmish line, well supported, to the foot of the bluffs on the other side of the stream, the tops of which were occupied by the enemy in rifle-pits; not, however, in very strong force. The left of my picket-line, supported by a brigade, has swung around toward the right and moved up toward the right, for a time disconnecting itself from General Burnside's right, which, I am informed, did not advance. I have directed the connection to be re-established.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

