HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,May 30, 1864.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division:

SIR: In answer to a note just received from you. I have the honor to state that the creek in my front is from 2 to 3 feet in depth, and from 12 to 15 feet in width. There appears to be no obstructions on the other side of the creek. I can advance my skirmish line without much difficulty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 8 p. m.

General BIRNEY:

General Barlow and General Birney will under no circumstances withdraw the brigade in support of the artillery at the Shelton house without orders from these headquarters. A strong skirmish line should be thrown out well to the front and around the flanks all night, and the original line of battle, sufficient to support the advanced brigades, should be kept up in connection with any subsequent operations.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- The safety of the guns as far as the right of the road is concerned is instructed to General Birney and on the left of the road to General Barlow.

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Immediately upon receipt of order to attack, I sent a staff officer to General Mott, ordering his brigade on my right to attack without delay. I advanced the artillery with my division to suitable positions, and ordered my Second Brigade to be in readiness to support Mott's. I received the order after 7 o'clock, and before General Mott commenced the attack I received an order from Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan to suspend operations. I have called upon General Mott for an explanation of the delay on part of his brigade, which should have been in readiness, as it was within a few hundred yards of enemy's works and in line of battle, to have obeyed the order instantly. I will forward his explanation.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. B. Birney,

Major-General.

My picket-line is being pushed out in front of new line.

