
of that front at dark, it is believed to be not particularly threatened. There is skirmishing to the left of General Griffin this morning, and it has been going on all night. It is held by the Pennsylvania Reserves who have to be relieved to-day on account of the expiration of their term of service. In order that I may keep up connection with you without having my line broken, I renew my request to relieve General Griffin, or at least one more of his brigades.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 6.30 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I was compelled to put a brigade at Linney's corner across the Totopotomoy last evening to guard Griffin's rear. Could not Sheridan picket the road from Linney's to the headwaters of the Matadequin beyond Gibson's and Gilman's place? He is now picketing the road to Old Church and beyond.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

MAY 30, 1864 - 7 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Last evening I understood the cavalry were to cover my left flank, but just as General Griffin had reached his farthest advance, General Gregg sent me word that his pickets on my left were withdrawn. I supposed he meant those this side of the Totopotomoy Creek. As infantry were reported moving in that direction I sent a brigade down to the bridge, and pushed skirmishers out to Linney's. the bridge was torn up by our cavalry, and the nearest pickets of cavalry were about at Mrs. Pate's. My left flank of skirmishers at the time was about at Gibson's and Shelton's.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 30, 1864 - 7 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Sheridan's instructions cover your request.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MAY 30, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

A deserter, a boy of fifteen, from the Thirty-first Virginia, Pegram's brigade, of Ewell's corps, has come in. He says his brigade moved out to support their cavalry yesterday, and he feel out. He is a mere boy, and says he has been in the guard-house nearly all the time.

