
the road from Linney's running southwesterly, instead of the one General Griffin's advance is on. It is easy to come over from one to the other.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

My headquarters will be at this, Via's, about 2 miles south of Norman's.

G. K. W.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 30, 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

General WARREN:

I understand from your dispatch of 9 a. m. that you would move out the road running southwest from Linney's so as to leave room for Burnside, and without waiting for instructions to that effect from these headquarters. The commanding general approved the course you mentioned. Let me know if I am right in my under-standing of the matter.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 30, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

I send you copy of a dispatch* just received from General Hancock. The commanding general directs that you do not get far off to the left before connecting with General Burnside, so that you may be supported by him should you require it. I send you also copy of a dispatch+ from General Burnside. The commanding general that you aid General Burnside in opening a road between him and yourself, so as to connect.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Your dispatch just received. I have already sent word to General Griffin to make a good connection on his right before advancing farther. I think he must be already well on the flank of the force in front of General Hancock. My whole corps is in supporting distance. If the enemy is strongly entrenched anywhere on my front I will report it at once. I send you a sketch of position.++ I would like you to send it back by your next messenger.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

P. S.- The enemy's cavalry annoy me on the road from Linney's southwest.

G. K. WARREN.

---------------

* See Hancock to Humphreys, 9.40 a. m., p. 326.

+ See Burnside to Humphreys, 10.10 a. m., p. 356.

++ Not found with this paper; but see sketch accompanying Warren's dispatch 9.30 p. m., June 4, p. 579.

---------------

