HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 30, 1864 - 8.15 p. m.

General WARREN:

What is the present disposition of your troops; have you any connection with Burnside? Do you want additional forces to hold your present position? Answer at once.

Geo. G. MAEDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I have just returned from the lines, and find that General Critenden had already relieved a principal portion of Griffin's division, and is now in condition to relieve the whole of it. I had the re-enforcements started, but Major- Roebling told me that you proffered that Griffin should be relieved. I am sorry I was not able to aid you sooner, and hope you were successful in repulsing the enemy.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

I had re-enforcements ready to send you, just as Major Roebling arrive, who stated that you desires me to relieve Griffin instead of sending re-enforcements. I gave the order at once, and it is now being carried out as rapidly as possible. If you desire it, I will send re-enforcements instead of a division.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

In answer to your communication if I want re-enforcements to hold my own, I think not, provided I can have some force to watch the country east of me, so that I shall not have to hold a large contingent for the enemy's unexpected movements. My left rests on the mill pond at the head of the Matadequin Crek. General Sheridan reports his troops at the mill there. Thence I extend toward Shady Grove about 2 miles; then Griffin's division, facing southwest and connecting with General Burnside. I would like to have General Burnside relieve Griffin; then I think I can swing over on the road to Machanicsville. We punished the enemy badly to-night. Griffin's division drove back Rodes all day, while a force was accumulated on his flank and rear. This General Crawford fought and beat handsomely. Some other troops took part and the artillery did.

