
MAY 20, 1864-2.15 p. m.

General GILLMORE:

Colonel Serrell with be ordered to report to General Weitzel for orders, with his regiment, from and after the time he has a confiderance with General Weitzel, which Colonel Serrell will seek at once.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,In the Trenches, May 20, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Colonel SMITH:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that my position may be defined in orders, that there may be regularity somewhere if possible. I find various changes made in the line, places exposed, details put on and taken off by various offices, and I think it simple duty to the country, the Tenth Corps, and myself, to make this request. I fear something may go wrong, and then it will be undetermined, perhaps, who was responsible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SERRELL,

Colonel of Engineers, New York Volunteers.

I have not an ax left to make abatis. They are all taken away but about ten, by General Butler's order, I am told. The line on the left of General Ames is all wrong. One of the two lines only should be used; the other destroyed, I think.

E. W. S.

MAY 20, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Michie tells me General Butler wants the advanced work on the left worked at all night to-night. The details for it should be provided. I have an officer there to-day. Shall I have one there to-night?

ED. W. SERRELL,

Colonel of Engineers, New York Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

Act upon such directions as General Weitzel gives you. By order of General Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Received 3.30, and countermanded by General Gillmore in person.

E. W. S.

MAY 20, 1864-3.15 p. m.

General Gillmore may revoke the order for Colonel Serrell to report to General Weitzel, but must see to it that Colonel Serrell sends no more messages like the one sent to department headquarters.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

