
Warren, one of my divisions having relieved the division of General Griffin, of the Fifth Army Corps. We have a strong position but a long line; it is already intrenched and will be rendered formidable during the night. It runs in advance of the Tate house and the Timberlake house quite a half a mile. There was a slight gap between our right and Hancock's left, which I think is filled before this, as I telegraphed General Hancock in reference to it.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

[General GRANT:]

I send this dispatch received since leaving you. It appears the whole of Burnside's corps is across the Totopotomoy, and that he has relieved General Griffin as Warren desired. If Wright is now moved it will leave only Hancock on this side of the creek. Do you think this alters the condition, or had Wright still better be moved.

Respectfully,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Haw's Shop, May 30, 1864.

In accordance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, you will hold your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice after 5.30 a. m. Please send a staff officer to these headquarters for instructions at 5 o'clock. The object in moving is to connect with General Hancock's line, who is some 2 or 3 miles in advance. The forage and supply trains of the corps have been ordered to this (south) side of the river, and should they not arrive authority has been given us to borrow forage and subsistence from the trains of the other corps.

Very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Ninth Army Corps, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: General Hancock's left (Owen) has advanced somewhat obliquely so that he is in advance of my right. I have ordered Curtin to connect with him so as to make the line secure. I think that if my line and General Willcox's are both advanced in the morning our front will be considerably shortened and strengthened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

