
[Inclosure.]

Extracts from Richmond (Rebel) papers.

MAY 30, 1864.

About 12 o'clock yesterday a severe cavalry fight occurred near Haw's Shop between detachments of several brigades of Fitzhugh Lee's and Hampton's divisions and a corps of Yankee cavalry, supported by a large body of infantry, estimated at two corps. The enemy were guarding the road leading from that point to the peninsula. Their cavalry were dismounted during the fight and commenced firing on us at a distance. Both parties advanced, and the enemy repeatedly charged our line, and were handsomely repulsed in every effort. Their center was driven in, or fell back, and being in imminent danger of being surrounded on both flanks by the largely superior and combined forces of both cavalry and infantry we were compelled to retire a short distance to avoid it, the enemy's artillery playing on our ranks continuously. The musketry was very heavy and as incessant for a time as the volleys between infantry in regular lines of battle. The loss on both sides was heavy and a few prisoners taken, but it is impossible now to give even an approximate estimate of our own or that of the enemy. Among the casualties were Colonel Millen, of Georgia, killed, and Colonel Dunovant, of South Carolina, wounded by a pistol-shot through the left hand. Most of our loss is attributed to the fact that nearly all the force engaged on our part were new men, whose only idea was to go in and fight, which they did most gallantly and creditably. The fight continued at intervals until nearly 5 p. m. without decisive result save the ascertaining of the enemy's position and strength on that part of his lines. The youthful and dashing General Young, of Georgia, has been temporarily assigned to the command of the brigade of North Carolina cavalry of General Gordon, wounded in the late fight below Richmond.

FIGHT NEAR HANOVERTOWN.

The city was yesterday, as usual, filled to repletion with all sorts of rumors respecting a battle said to have taken place Saturday evening in Hanover, between a brigade of our cavalry, under General Williams C. Wickham, and the like arm of the service under some Yankee general whose name did not transpire. Our men were said to have been badly worsted in the encounter. From the best information to be obtained from persons from the front arriving here last night, we are enabled to give the following version of the affair, which was all that was then known: About 1 o'clock on Saturday, Wickham's brigade, Fitz. Lee's division, encountered a large force of the enemy's cavalry near Haw's Shop, about 2 miles this side of Hanover, down on the Pamunkey River. The battle which ensued was contested with much obstinacy by the enemy, who fought with great, though unavailing, desperation against the determined efforts of Wickham's veterans. It appeared that the cavalry attacked by Wickham's force was the rear guard of Grant's army, and the fact was soon apparent by the return to the south bank of the river of a numerous body of Yankee infantry, who united their efforts against Wickham. The combat still raged with unabated fury, but the

