
effect of the enemy's re-enforcements was soon apparent. Our men being outnumbered had to withdraw. An advantage gained by us on the right was counterbalanced by one of theirs on our left. A few prisoners were taken by us. One hundred and fifty, probably, of our brave lads fell into the hands of the enemy. All our wounded were necessarily left on the field, but the enemy soon retiring, they were recovered. Yesterday to the number of 90 were brought into this city in charge of the ambulance committee, from near Atlee's Station. In this battle we probably lost 70 killed.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Old Church, May 30, 1864 - 2.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as you can issue forage to your command, you will move out your division via Old Church down the road to Cold Harbor until you come to the point where the road to Prospect Church intersects this road, then go into camp. Open communication with General Torbert, who will move and take position at Bethesda Church. You will cover all the roads to your left and rear. The points on the map sent you this morning marked Store and Tomlin's must be covered, also pickets to Parsley's and Anderson's, on the left-hand road from the point that you encamp at.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Crump's Swamp, May 30, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Agreeably to instructions, I am, with one brigade of my division, between Mrs. Hundley's and the crossing at Crump's Swamp, picketing and holding the line of the creek between the right of the army and the Pamunkey. Colonel Chapman sent out the Third Indiana this afternoon to within a half mile of Hanover Court-House, and communicated with a column of our infantry moving toward Mechanicsville. After it had passed on, he was attacked by a small force of rebel cavalry, which had apparently been hanging on the flank and rear of the infantry. Had slight skirmishing with them till dark. We had a strong guard in the works thrown up on the Hanover side of Crump's Swamp, and patrol the road well out. My First Brigade will cross very early in the morning, in compliance with my instructions from corps headquarters. Orders will find me on the road near the swamp till 8 a. m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

