
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES.

Near Haw's Shop, May 31, 1864.

Respectfuly referred to Major-General Meade, who will send back a pontoon bridge to the Mattapony, to enable these troops to cross.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,

Port Royal, May 30, 1864.

Colonel GIBSON, U. S. Army,

Commanding Provisional Division:

COLONEL: It seems to me that there is somewhere a great misunderstanding about sending all the forces under my command to report to headquarters of the U. S. Armies at Hanover Junction, or thereabouts, and as an old officer I think it my duty to inform you, as the immediate commander, of the condition of portion of my command. The Fourth New York Cavalry (my regiment), with new horses and equipments, ready for the field of duty, yet without sabers, which I was informed I would receive at White Hosue before starting for the front. The Twenty-second New York Cavalry, fully mounted and equipped, with the exception of 100 men without horses. The First New Hampshire Cavalry has 150 men here without sabers and thoroughly dismounted; the balance of the regiment is one portion escorting prisoners of war at Fort Delaware, and the other guarding transports sent by water at the White House. The Twenty-fifth New York Cavalry, thoroughly dismounted; one portion is escorting prisoners of war at Point Lookout and Fort Delaware, and the other portion left at Aquia Creek or in that vicinity.

The Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry have infantry muskets; 400 mounted without sabers or revolvers and the balance dismounted. The Cavalry Corps has here about 500 men mounted, 200 of whom have their saddles with the train of the army, whose whereabouts is not known by me, and will report for duty without them. Three hundred of the same Cavalry Corps are here, entirely dismounted; I could have mounted them instead of the Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry, but there were no commissioned officers (except some detailed to do duty there without belonging to their command) who could sign a receipt for the delivery of the horses. I was officially informed that these regiments of cavalry would have received all their horses and equipments before starting for the front; and although I am much anxious to be once more in the field, yet I foresee that I will be undoubtedly asked why these regiments are so split in different portions and sent in different directions. Will you please, if you have leisure before I start at daylight, to inform me what answer I shall give when I report to the headquarters of the U. S. Armies at Hanover Junction.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

DI CESNOLA,

Colonel Fourth New York Cavalry.

