
POINT LOOKOUT, May 30, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The One hundred and thirty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, numbering 693, arrived this morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Cross, who left this point May 26, in defiance of orders of Secretary of War, and in violation of his arrest, was sent back under guard by Major-General Butler; arrived here last night. General Butler knew nothing of his arrest and charges when he detailed him to report to General Smith. My cavalry has returned without taking any more deserters. They have done crossing. The senior naval officer here states that the flotilla took about 100 while crossing.

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Fort Monroe, May 30, 1864 - 11 p. m.

(Received 12.15 a. m. 31st.)

General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

Having left Washington at noon yesterday I have just reached here with men, trains, and other material, except the pontoon rafts which are now on the way. From the scanty transportatioin furnished me, and only after dark of the 28th, we could not reach here earlier. As I understand the orders, it appears necessary to keep the whole command and material afloat, or so that they can be placed afloat in any one or two hours, for which I must retain the transportation, as I propose to do unless otherwise directed from headquarters.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

11.30 P. M.

I would state that I have less than 1,500 feet of bridging coming down, as I had sent one bridge to Fredericksburg; another has been ordered at Washington to Harper's Ferry.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 30, 1864 - 8.30 a. m. (Received 1.45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I take leave to transmit to you the following extract from an examination of a deserter from the City Battalion, Charleston Home State Defense. The same is substantiated by numbers of others:

They have taken away nearly all the troops from the James Island. First, they withdrew one brigade, Hagood's; sent Colquitt's brigade there, and we had but just arrived here when we found Colquitt's brigade came here. Also some men from our regiment, who came up from there to the regiment here, and arrived yesterday, say that there is no one there now but the working men and foreigners from the city, those having business protection and the like.

These may be of use to General Foster.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

