
peremptorily, and it is not improbable that other work ordered by you has been suspended in consequence of this. I know nothing whatever about your orders to him. He was ordered to go without delay, and did so.

Q. A. GILLMORE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 1. Near Point of Rocks, Va., May 30, 1864.

Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters Tenth Army Corps, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the forces of all arms on the line of entrenchments on the left of Brigadier-General Kautz's command, and will include the following organizations: Colonel Pond's brigade, Colonel Duncan's brigade, Colonel Onderdonk's First New York Mounted Rifles, and Captain F. M. Follett's artillery. All reports and returns required by regulations and existing orders will be made to these headquarters. A daily morning field report, showing aggregate only, will be sent to these headquarters by 9 a. m. The tri-monthly will be required by noon on the day on which it is due. Commanding officers of the above organizations will report in person before dark this evening.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Turner:

B. B. KEELER,

Captain 142nd New York Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

NEAR HAW'S SHOP, VA.,

May 30, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Eighteenth Army Corps:

Triplicate orders have been sent you to march up the south bank of the Pamunkey to New Castle, there to await further orders. I send with this a brigade of cavalry to accompany you on the march. As yet no further directions can be given you than are contained in your orders. The movements of the enemy this evening on our left down the Mechanicsville road would indicate the possibility of a design on his part to get between you and the Army of the Potomac. They will be so closely watched that nothing would suit me better than such a move. Sheridan is on our left flank with two divisions of cavalry, with directions to watch as far out as he can go on the Mechanicsville and Cold Harbor roads. This, with the care you can give your left flank with the cavalry you have and the brigade sent to you, and a knowledge of the fact that any movement of the enemy toward you cannot fail to be noticed and followed up from here, will make your advance secure. The position of the Army of the Potomac this evening is as follows: The left of the Fifth Corps is on the Shady Grove road, extending to the Mechanicsville road, and about 3 miles south of the Totopotomoy. The Ninth Corps is to the right of the Fifth; then come the Second and Sixth forming a line, being on the road from Hanover Court-House to Cold Harbor, and about 6 miles south of the Court-House.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

