
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 39. On board Steamer Metamora, May 30, 1864.

I. The following disposition of troops will be immediately made. The commanding officers of regiments will report as follows: Eighty-ninth New York, Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, and Eighth Maine Volunteers, to Brigadier General J. H. Martindale, to form Third Brigade, Second Division. The Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania, Fourth New Hampshire, One hundred and seventeenth New York, Third New York, and One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, to Brigadier General A. Ames. The Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, to Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks, commanding First Division.

II. Brigadier General Charles Devens, jr., is hereby assigned to the Third Division of this command. The following regiments will compose the command, and the commanding officers will report accordingly: First Brigade, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania, Forty-seventh New York, One hundred and fifteenth New York, and Forty-eighth New York Volunteers; Second Brigade, One hundred and twelfth New York and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, Thirteenth Indiana, and Ninth Maine Volunteers.

III. Division commanders will report to these headquarters the fulfillment of this order, which must be carried out at once.

By command of Major-General Smith:

CHARLES P. MUHLENBERG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 30, 1864. (Received 8 a. m.)

General HINKS:

Captain Dollard has just got in. Brings no prisoners. Rebel pickets so posted that it is impossible to get in their rear or flank. They fall back at once on appearance of our forces. Says he can only get a prisoner by charging them in front to bring on a fight, in which he may pick one up.

AMES,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., May 30, 1864.

Brigadier General A. V. KAUTZ,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: A dispatch has been received from the major-general commanding department, calling attention to the fact that the three regiments of General Hinks' division are encamped on your left, and that by the general order of May 26 it is directed that these regiments form the reserve of your line, and be posted in rear of your right. The major-general commanding directs that you make the disposition of these regiments required in the general order, placing them in the open field and as much out of range as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

