
that you will seriously consider this matter, and that you will inform me at the earliest possible moment whether I may count upon your co-operation. Colonel Jourdan knows all the plans, and anything he may say in regard to this matter please regard as coming directly from myself.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HAW'S SHOP, May 31, 1864. - 6 a. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The enemy came out on our left last evening and attacked. They were easily repulsed and with considerable slaughter. To relieve General Warren, who was on the left, speedily General Meade ordered an attack by the balance of our line. General Hancock was the only one who received the order in time to make the attack before dark. He drove the enemy from his entrenched skirmish line and still holds it. I have no report of our losses, but suppose them to be light.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 31, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

It is understood that General Benham took to Fort Monroe nearly every available pontoon. If any more can be found they will be sent immediately. Two steamers have left New York for this place with sixty pontoons on board. I have telegraphed to Fort Monroe to intercept them, if possible. If they come here they will be sent back immediately. Please say about how many pontoons, or what length of bridge is wanted, so that I can make arrangements accordingly. If General Hunter meets with no serious disaster I think a part of Sigel's force, at Harper's Ferry and on the road to the Ohio River, can be safely withdrawn. It is too late to send more troops to Hunter, but I can send them to you if you want them. I think four regiments of infantry can be spared.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 31, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

I know of no one who has a more thorough knowledge of all the passes of the Chickahominy and of the approaches to Richmond than Brigadier General J. G. Barnard. Although I do not agree with General Barnard in all his opinions on the strategy of the campaign, I think he is a man of very great military ability and that

