
the information which he can give you will be very valuable. His mind is clear and judgment excellent. Of course if you do not want him you will order him back to Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 31, 1864 - 7.30 a. m.

The major-general commanding directs that corps commanders press forward their skirmishers up against the enemy and ascertain whether any change has taken place in their front, and report the result.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 31, 1864.

It is intended to send a train of wagons to White House for supplies to-morrow. The sick and wounded will be sent as heretofore in these wagons. The train will be assembled to-day in a convenient locality on the north side of the White House road, east of Mrs. Newton's, and, of course, on the south side of the Pamunkey. Chief quartermasters will cause all the empty wagons in their respective commands to be sent as soon as practicable to-day to the rendezvous indicated. Proper officers must be sent in charge of the wagons, and to draw the required supplies. Reports will be made to me forthwith by the chief quartermasters, showing amount of supplies on hand in the trains, number of empty wagons to be sent to White House to-morrow, what for, and in whose charge.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 148. May 31, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. The wounded now with this army will be sent at daylight to-morrow to the White House under the direction of chief quartermaster and medical director; as far as practicable empty wagons will be used for the purpose. Asst. Surg. M. J. Asch, U. S. Army, is placed in immediate charge of the wounded, and will be governed by such special instructions as he may receive from the medical director. The trains from the several corps will rendezvous this afternoon on this side of the Pamunkey, east of Mrs. Newton's and north of the road leading to the White House. Corps commanders will detail such medical officers, attendants, and provide such medical supplies as may be required by their medical directors, and they will all furnish two days' rations for their wounded. The rations will be cooked, if possible. The portion of the Pennsylvania Reserves and Second Regiment New Jersey Volunteers ordered home

