
for discharge will escort the train to the White House. The commander of the escort will be guided by such instructions as he may receive from the chief quartermaster.

4. The empty wagons about to be sent to the White House will be loaded at that place with the proper proportion of subsistence stores, under such instructions as may be given by the chief commissary of this army. The officers of the subsistence department from each corps will accompany the wagons. Corps commanders will also send with the wagons proper officers to draw the supplies of ammunition they may require.

5. The following regiments recently serving with the Ninth Army Corps will report without delay to Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps: Second Regiment Ohio Veteran Cavalry, Third Regiment New Jersey Cavalry, Thirteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry.

6. The horse batteries of this army will at once be reduced to eight batteries of four guns each, two rifled and two 12-pounder guns. The surplus guns will be sent to Washington via White House. All the caissons necessary to carry the reserve ammunition will be retained, and the batteries in every way made as efficient and complete as possible. The eight horse batteries are assigned to the Cavalry Corps, and will be reported accordingly.

* * * * * * *

9. The troops under the command of Colonel Grimshaw are assigned as follows, and will join their respective commands without delay: Fourth Delaware Volunteer Infantry, Fifth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry (dismounted), One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, to the Fifth Corps; Fifth New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry, Eighty-eighth New York Volunteer Infantry, to the Second Corps; Seventh Michigan Cavalry, to the Cavalry Corps. An officer of the Eighty-eight New York will report to the provost-marshal-general for instructions as to the dispositions to be made of the stragglers in the charge of that command. The stragglers of the dismounted cavalry will be turned over to Colonel Gould, in charge of dismounted cavalry with the supply train near Hanovertown.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1864 - 11.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Headquarters will be moved to-morrow at 7 a. m. to Mrs. Via's, near General Warren's headquarters.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Generals Warren, Wright, and Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 31, 1864 - 8.30 a. m.

General HANCOCK:

I gave instructions this morning for the advance of my entire line to coincide with that taken up by General Owen. I now understand

