
skirmish lines. The enemy's camp is within 600 yards of my skirmishers. I have none but the general order of this morning to advance my line, and that I have done already so far as I can go without attacking the enemy in strong entrenchments with abatis.

I am, however, ready to move on with your right.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 31, 1864 - 1 p. m.

General MEADE:

I have no positive information to give you yet. The skirmishing is heavy along my whole front, but no one reports having come upon the enemy's main line. They hold strongly between Barlow and Birney, the latter being across the creek with his whole division. General Gibbon on my left is briskly engaged also, but not seriously; has one brigade in, and another just going in to support. Most of the artillery firing is from us. My commanders are instructed to press the enemy until he resists with more than a skirmish line, and when they get good ground across the run, to hold it with their main line.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 31, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

I have just returned from my lines. One division (Ricketts') is on your right. Russell's occupies nearly position of last night on the crest of the swamp, with enemy's works on opposite side. I can't cross Russell without serious loss, and believe it best in case an attacks is to be made to make it from your front with your force and mine. I am developing no farther than Ricketts' present right. The enemy's works extend past my right, but I think their main line breaks to the rear just beyond my right flank.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SECOND CORPS,

May 31, 1864 - 6.50 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I do not propose doing anything more to-night. My command is well deployed along the enemy's line - too much so to be concentrated easily. The two wings are across the creek and the skirmish line of the center, Barlow's division, but his line of battle could not be placed over without a fight at great disadvantage. I suppose I have lost several hundred men. If there are any orders received rendering it necessary for me to get my corps more together I shall hold more nearly the line I did this morning. Their

