HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 31, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General BARLOW, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Wright, with the Sixth Corps, is ordered to proceed to-night to Cold Harbor. Major-General Birney has been ordered to withdraw to this side of the creek, and General Gibbon also. The major-general commanding directs that your own line be withdrawn to the line held by the Fourth Brigade to-day and extending to the Shelton house. The artillery along the line by the Shelton house will be left in position there, and you will make the same dispositions for covering it. General Gibbon and General Birney have been ordered to place their picket-lines in the entrenchments now held by their lines of battle, and you will conform your new picket-line to that arrangement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,May 31, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: Owen and McKeen have been pretty heavily engaged in front of the enemy's main line, having taken possession of his first line of pits. I have just sent Smyth over to support McKeen, whose fire seems to be the heaviest. The enemy has used one or two pieces of artillery on Owen. I hear nothing of Burnside's troops. I hold Tyler in reserve in a very strong position.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

TOTOPOTOMOY, May 31, 1864.

Major NORVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have pushed back the skirmish line of the enemy, and have occupied their rifle-pits from which they had been picking off my men. In accomplishing this the enemy opened two guns, one commanding the road, and one to the right, firing obliquely across the road and enfilading the advancing line. The guns are posted in the main line of breast-works, which are reported by a prisoner to be a half mile in advance.

Respectfully,

H. BOYD MCKEEN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Major-General Hancock.

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Colonel McKeen's position is reported to me by Captain Embler as a very strong one.

J. G.

