
Brigadier-General Terry, of your command, in regard to their line of entrenchments:

Brigadier-General AMES,

Commanding Division, Tenth Army Corps:

SIR: By direction of the major-general commanding, I would respectfully suggest the following improvements on your line:

(3) First, there should be a should be placed in the face toward you to sweep the Brooks. A piece of artillery should be placed in the face toward you to sweep the front of your line. (3) The logs lying parallel to the ravine in front of your left should at once be rolled into the ravine. (2) That portion of the main line where the Thirty-third New York Battery and the Parrot guns of the Connecticut Heavy Artillery are should be inclosed to form a good large redoubt, with a high command, say about 8 feet. (2) There should be a strong abatis in front of your whole line, and no fence rails should be permitted to be used in building this abatis. (1) Your whole line would be raised and strengthened from the outside, as much as possible and with all dispatch, especially in front of and on the right of the Third Rhode Island Artillery and colored cavalry howitzer battery. (3) Artillery should all be placed in embrasure. (1) The traverses should be strengthened. (1) Redoubt on ridge in front of your line should be completed as quickly as possible. (2) all trees within cannon range of any part of the work should be felled. (3) All rubbish in front of the line should be removed. (1) To hold firmly with skirmishers the prolongation of the ridge on which is situated the readouts, which is at the intersection of yours and Terry's lines.

Your line could be much improved by making a flank from the right of the Third Rhode Island battery to the rear, and then run your line so as to strike the high redoubt on the right of your line. This line should be so run, if you have the labor to do it, and then the line of front destroyed.

The above will be done by order of Major General B. F. Butler:

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Division, Tenth Army Corps:

SIR: By direction of the major-general commanding this department, I respectfully suggest the following alterations on your lines:

(1) Yo should at once cut down all the trees in front of the right of your line.

(1) The trees in the ravine on which your right rests should be cut down from the bottom of the ravine to the crest on the side toward you, leaving but a thin fringe near the top to screen your works. (2) You should construct rifle-pits on the crest of the slope of the ravine nearest to you, and hold this line of rifle-pits with a strong line of skirmishers. (2) all rails used in the constructions of your abatis should be removed and branches of trees substituted. (1) Your whole line should be strenghtened, especially that part which crosses the low ground in your center.

The above will be done by order of Major General B. F. Butler:

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL: In answer to your dispatch of this evening I desire to say that I have numbered the different suggestions in the above communication, to give my idea of the order in which they should be carried out. I do not think, from my own experience here during the last forty-eight hours, that there is more than one-half as much works as you estimate.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,May 20, 1864-1.15 p. m.

General FOSTER:

Colonel Fairchild reports his pickets driven in; wants two regiments to support him. Have sent the orderly reporting it to find General Gillmore or you.

I. R. SEALY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

