
General Crawford to at once take the whole command to the place where the wagons now are; these that go away can then be attended to first, and General Crawford can reorganize the remainder and bring them back.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,May 31, 1864 - 12 m.

Captain MARVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

About 90 yards south of Harmon Haw's house, near Bethesda Church, the enemy are throwing up works or entrenchments, the road the enemy are on being a little west of south, and leads to Mechanicsville. The Twelfth Massachusetts on picket at that point, and connect with the Fourth Division on the right.

D. E. CASTLE,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 31, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

My picket-line now feels the enemy, I believe, throughout. There is a ravine near the Bethesda Church running southwesterly to the Matadequin, and another running west, crossing the road; we are toward Shady Grove, this side of Pole Green Church, and there running into the Totopotomoy. These ravines are intricate, woody, and swampy, and almost impassable; the enemy's pickets are on the south side, we on the other. My route, if I advance toward the enemy, would probably be toward the Bethesda Church, and here the enemy would have a strong front. General Burnside has a similar position to advance toward Shady Grove, and his troops are as many as could operate on this road. I think if the enemy makes any opposition he will not be able to advance far. I have directed connection to be kept up with him. I am waiting for reports of casualties yesterday sent for early this morning. Crawford with Kitching lost, 417; Lockwood, 25; Griffin and Cutler not yet reported. We have buried about 100 rebels.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

MAY 31, 1864 - 1 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I made a mistake in my last dispatch in giving the direction of the enemy's line; it is southeasterly, not southwesterly. Apparently they cover Shady Grove and Cold Harbor. I have Michler's complete map now.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

