
MAY 31, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

The enemy have held the road from Bethesda Church to Cold Harbor and intrenched it all day. It is a poor road anyhow. It is much more practicable for General Wright to move via Old Church, I think, even if the enemy was not on the road.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 60. May 31, 1864.

Division commanders will see that their skirmish line is pushed out as far as possible, and to keep advancing and have it well supported, if necessary. If any have retired from their advanced position they must be replaced and kept well out, so as to observe every movement on the part of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 62. May 31, 1864 - 6.10 a. m.

Division commanders will report at once to these headquarters whether the enemy is found in their front this morning, and how far out our troops have advanced, and what the signs and whereabouts of the enemy are, and any other information of importance.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS,May 31, 1864 - 6.30 a. m.

General GRIFFIN,

Commanding Division, Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: I have reports from picket-line and from personal observation of one of my staff officers, that the enemy are on my (present) front, beyond a morass on a crest, chopping and talking, and probably digging. The crest alluded to is from one-half to three-fourths of a mile from the road along my line. The enemy were heard during the night passing down to my left, apparently with artillery. At 2 o'clock this morning they had reveille, and by their talking, &amp; c., appeared to be moving to the right.

Very respectfully,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 31, 1864. (Received 8 a. m.)

General GRIFFIN:

As soon as you have troops disposable by the action of General Burnside's troops relieving yours, I wish you would replace the

