
MAY 31, 1864-9.45 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

You will immediately withdraw your corps from its present position and move to Cold Harbor, about 2 1\2 miles east of Bethesda Church. Our cavalry now have possession of Cold Harbor, having this afternoon driven from it the enemy's cavalry and infantry. The cavalry are directed to hold on until your arrival, and it is of the utmost importance you should reach the point as soon after daylight as possible. Your route will be by Haw's Shop and Old Church. You will endeavor, if possible, to notify the cavalry on your right of your withdrawal. Possibly a road from Gilmans' may be found cutting off Old Church. You will notify General Hancock when the last of your troops are moving.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

SIXTH CORPS,

May 31, 1864-12 m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The cavalry have not connected on my right, and I am unable to notify them of my withdrawal.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 31, 1864-5 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

It is my wish that your troops might take up the position occupied by General Griffin, and allow of his being moved farther to the left. So far only one brigade has been thus relieved by General Crittenden. General Griffin may have covered more ground than Crittenden thinks he took, but on enemy was found within a mile of that front at dark; it is believed to be not particularly threatened. There is skirmishing to the left of General Griffin this morning, and it has been going on all night. It is held by the Pennsylvania Reserves, who have to be relieved to-day on account of the expiration you, without having my line broken, I renew my request to relieve General Griffin, or at least one or more of his brigades.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

NINTH ARMY CORPS,

May 31, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Fifth Army Corps:

Your dispatch received. Will attend to your request at once. I thought it had already been attended to.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

