
makes the lines very irregular. Major Lydig has just brought me your order. I don't think I can do anything with skirmishers in my front, however strong, but will try to regularly attack. I should have support.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White House, May 31, 1864-2.30 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS, Chief of Staff:

SIR: Captain Hudson arrived here at 1 a. m. to-day with the copy of dispatch, the first copy having reached me two hours before. On Saturday evening, the 28th instant, between 6 and 7 o'clock I received my orders to march my command to the landings to embark for this place. By 11 a. m. on Sunday the infantry force was mostly on board, but an insufficiency of transportation for wagons and artillery detained a great many steamers that were to take tows. My advance arrived at 11 a. m. yesterday, and things have been coming in all day. There have as yet arrived only parts of three divisions and a part of three batteries. The wagons only of one brigade have arrived. As soon as I can land and get issued three days' rations for the men's haversacks I shall move with what force I can collect to comply with the orders of the lieutenant-general, leaving the remainder of my command and supplies follow as soon as possible. If left City Point with 16,000 infantry, 16 pieces of artillery, and a company of cavalry, the latter having been sent yesterday a. m. early from West Point to communicate with your headquarters, via the north side of Pamunkey River.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bassett's, May 31, 1864-9 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. Grant,

Commanding United States Army:

SIR: I have the honor to report the head of my column at this place. I shall encamp to-night between the New Castle Ferry road and the Piping Tree Ferry road, parallel to the Old Church road and along it. Finding the New Castle Ferry picketed I shall save the command the extra march unless I receive orders from you to go there. I have twenty-four wagons to this command, three days' rations in haversacks, and two days' beef on the hoof, between 40 and 60 rounds of infantry ammunition, and no artillery ammunition, save what is in the caissons. Three thousand men, under General Ames, were left as a garrison at White House with orders to join me as soon as General Abercrombie commences to disembark. I trust the remainder of my wagons will be up to-morrow; they are ordered to join me with supplies of forage, ammunition, and subsistence.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

