HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mrs. Sayer's House, May 31, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: The detachment sent to the White House, with Captain Johnson has just returned. Reports General Smith there, and a portion of his troops not yet landed; some of the transports aground. The road is clear. Saw no enemy; got no intelligence of any.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,May 31, 1864.

Colonel DEVIN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: There will be an advance of the division on Cold Harbor this p. m. You will be in the saddle and start promptly at 4 p. m. on the road where your scouts went this morning. From all information I can gain; you can go within 1 1\2 miles of Cold Harbor without meeting their pickets. Keep a few men ahead, and when they meet the enemy half and let your command close up. When you hear that I am well engaged on the right, where General Merritt will advance, I want you to make a bold push for Cold Harbor. it is possible you may have to dismount a regiment to attack the enemy, but you must send one or two saber regiments in among their led horses. General Custer will send one regiment across the country from his present position, starting at 4 p. m. Caution your men of this, and don't fire on them if they get into Cold Harbor in advance, or while marching up there. Have no bugle calls while getting ready. Endeavor to communicate with me across country.

I will be on the road where General Merritt is.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs that your order a brigade or its equivalent to march at 5 a. m. to-day to the White House, and report to Major General W. F. Smith. This brigade will probably find him on this side of White House en route to join the Army of the Potomac, and will return with him. By direction of General Sheridan, I forward you two official communications for General Smith, and one for the assistant adjutant-general, General Grant's headquarters, Washington. These letters you will send to General Smith without delay.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

