HEADQUARTERS FIRST MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,May 31, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain F. L. TREMAIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to state that my picket-line is established, and sentinels all posted. The enemy's outposts are within 600 yards of mine. I shall form a connection with General Torbert by a mounted patrol in the morning.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. CHAMBERLAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Massachusetts Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Dr. Price's, May 31, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

Your note of 30th May, 10.30 p. m.,is just received. You speak of the two objects of my remaining in this position, to cover the right of the army, and destroy the railroad and bridges. I have been relieved from the duty of destroying railroads by an order from General Sheridan, and am confining myself exclusively to covering the right.

This morning my advance on the Hanover Court-House road met Young's brigade, or a part of it, and after a smart skirmish drove it across Mechump's Creek. I have now one brigade holding the forks of the road near Winston's house, and occupying the Richmond road in force to Kinney's, covering its junction with the Mechanicsville road, with orders to patrol to the right of the army. The other brigade is at the crossing of Crump's Creek; but, if you think necessary, it might be moved to the vicinity of Aenon Church, or the grave yard. I think my present position more defensible and affording better means of communication with the right of the army than the one behind the creek. I am making reconnaissances, however, to satisfy myself on that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Price's House, Va., May 31, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: After a very brisk little fight I drove the enemy's cavalry through Hanover Court-House, which we now occupy, and as I have received direct instructions from army headquarters to the purport that previously given orders to destroy the railroads and bridges were not revoked, I shall leave but two regiments here at Price's house to do the picketing and patrolling from the river to the infantry line, and with the remaining part of my division shall leave at the earliest possible hour to-morrow morning in the direction of the South Anna and the two railroads, endeavoring to carry out the requirements of General Meade's order.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

