
White House and leave at or before 12 m. The Eighth Illinois Cavalry are being withdrawn from the telegraph line, and ordered to report to General Augur by land. The operations are ordered on board transports, consequently this will be the last dispatch from this point; 490 dismounted cavalry arrived this a. m.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., May 31, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS, U. S. Volunteers,

Chief of Staff to Lieutenant-General Grant,, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, protected by an armed force of cavalry and infantry (in obedience to instructions from headquarters Armies of the United States to Brigadier-General Abercrombie), under command of Colonel Di Cesnola, Fourth New York Cavalry, I proceeded to Jones' field, in the Wilderness, on the 27th instant; recovered all the wounded at that point, 86 in number, mostly from the Second Corps; brought them safely to Fredericksburg, Va.; had them placed on board of a transport the same night and they are probably by this time in general hospital, Washington.

From a few prisoners captured belonging to the Ambulance Corps of the so-called Confederate Army, it was learned that the enemy were removing the wounded, our own and theirs, from their hospitals at Parker's Store and Robertson's Tavern, to Gordonsville and Richmond. I hope that in the performance of these duties I have met the approbation of the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States,

While I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DE W. BRENEMAN,

Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 31, 1864-6.30 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Yesterday all day heavy firing in the direction of Mechanicsville. Six refugees from Richmond report Grant on Mechanicsville turnpike, 6 miles from Richmond, yesterday. They heard the firing, and that Grant was driving Lee. A woman reports that a meeting was held yesterday while she was in Richmond to see whether the city should be surrendered or burned. The mayor advocated surrender, and was put in Castle Thunder. The enemy attacked my lines yesterday, and were repulsed. To-day all day they have been demonstrating against my works on Spring Hill, easterly side of demonstrating against my works on Spring Hill, easterly side of the Appomattox, but are repulsed.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

