
assistants the surgeon in charge, 8 assistant surgeons as assistants to the operating surgeon, 4 hospital stewards, 3 cooks, and 40 attendants. The plan for internal managements of this hospital will be furnished the surgeon in charge by the medical director of the corps. A guard of 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 12 privates will be detailed to drive of stragglers, and keep up the discipline of the hospital. None but men on duty in the ambulance corps, members of bands, regiments hospital attendants (not bring wounded to the hospital duty), and men belonging to the drum corps, will bring wounded to the hospital.

B. Medical officers, the chaplain's attendants, and guard, as soon as the wounded are sent to the corps hospital, or on board of transports, will be returned by the medical director to their regiments, with the exception of the chief surgeon of the battle-field hospital, who will necessarily be obliged to look after and take care of the Government property in his charge.

C. All cases of amputation must either be first designated from operation by the surgeon in charge of the hospital, or be determined upon by a majority vote of a board of at least 3 surgeons to be detailed by the surgeon in charge, or the corps medical director.

By command of Major-General Smith:

N. BOWEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 20, 1864.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

General HINKS:

A body of about 300 cavalry is said to be passing toward City Point in rear of the woods on our front. A few shots were just fired at our vedetted on the Petersburg road.

DUNCAN,

Colonel.

BERMUDA, May 20, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I can send the Burnside, with one 12-pounder howitzer, two launches, and 60 men, at 8 o'clock this evening. She will have to stop at Fort Monroe for pilot and it will take twenty-four hours to reach the Rappahannock. Will that do? Answer to me at Bermuda Hundred.

CHAS. K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 20, 1864-9 p. m.

General GRAHAM,

Bermuda Landing:

Let the Burnside go with the force named, to make every diligence and report to the commander of the Potomac Flotilla. Send her under an experienced commander.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

