
the two, and Wilcox is on the right of Field, near you. I am engaging away at them here to try to prevent them from going to their right. A portion of the enemy (I don't know in what force) is reported as moving to our right. I do not know the meaning of this movement. I have not struck him yet, although I am extending my pickets to the right. We are close up to the enemy's works, and are preparing to make an assault if necessary to relieve Warren. If I attack I hope you will keep a close connection with Gibbon, as the attack will probably be on his right or on his front. My headquarters are at the same place.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 1, 1864-12 m.

General MEADE:

I have just captured some prisoners from Field's division, showing that Field is between Breckinridge and Wilcox. They state that Wilcox is on the right of Field. The pickets on our right report a movement on our right, but the enemy do not come on the road, although we are extending our picket-line in that direction. I think it is only a feint to draw us in that direction, unless they are after our cavalry or a reconnaissance. We are pushing reconnaissances to see what they are about. I will send a lengthy report of General Barlow, whom I have instructed to see what can be done in our front preparatory to attack, if one should be ordered as a relief to Warren.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 1, 1864-12.30 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

The following dispatch, received from General Barlow in reply to instructions to be in readiness to attack, is furnished for the information of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS-11.40 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A WALKER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the dispatch of the major-general commanding, dated 11.30 a. m., touching an assault. We have come upon the enemy's works, whether heavily manned or not we cannot tell. I have strengthened my skirmish line with the intention of pushing still farther and seeing if the enemy are in force in the works. We cannot see very many of them in the main works this morning, but they may be lying down,as we hear the commands "lie down," as a general rule. I do not believe that these assaults upon entrenched [lines] though thick woods, where we do not know the ground, are likely to be successful where the enemy hold their line in force, but we will cheerfully try it if ordered. The enemy were chopin vigorously the whole night.

Respectfully,FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-My skirmish line will be in motion soon, and I shall have further information.

F. C. B.

Very respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

