
If we assault, I think General Gibbon, should at least make a strong demonstration on our left, besides forwarding at least one brigade in support, as I shall have to leave two brigades to man the works where the artillery is.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 1, 18764-12.50 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: My line continues to press the enemy vigorously, and I am gradually getting the development of his line. I have prisoners from Longstreet and Hill. The enemy are strongly placed wherever met. General Gibbon just report as follows:

A reliable officer of McKeen's brigade reports a battery of six guns on my right and front, which would taken flank any line advancing to my front, and which would, of course, have to be first taken. * * * The enemy's works are just reported as well filed with men since our sharpshooters have been pushing forward. The ground in my front is well swept by infantry and artillery.

Since this report of General Gibbon's, I learn that his skirmishers have gained possession of a house about 300 yards from the enemy's line. I hear nothing more from my right. Prisoners report that two brigades moved that way.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 1, 1864. (Received 1.10 p. m.)

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following just received from General Barlow:

There is no doubt that the works in front of my skirmish are fully manned by a line of battle. The division officer of the day has seen them filling the works. I am just going to the line myself. A skirmish line can advance no farther.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 1, 1864-2.15 p. m.

General HANCOCK,

Second Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received. I am all ready to attack in conjunction with you in case they make a demonstration upon Warren, and I shall endeavor to keep a close connection with Gibbon in any event. We have been pushing forward our skirmish line this morning until we can go no farther without a general assault. Have received no information of the movement of the enemy in our immediate front this morning, but they still hold their line in strong force. Should Gibbon require any assistance, I shall be glad to give him all in my power.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

