
SECOND CORPS,

June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

General Gibbon has just sent a staff officer to me to report that the enemy have for some time been passing to our right, as seen from his front, stooping to avoid the fire of our sharpshooters. As General Gibbon did not see this in person, I have called upon him for a written statement. How far to the right they are going was not stated. They must have come from General Burnside's front or below.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 1, 1864-2.45 p. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

General Owen reports that the enemy is still moving to our right, apparently in great haste. It is evidently [his intention] to make an attack or repel an expected one. At the same time the enemy has attacked General Birny's picket-line on the extreme right. I am not well placed for a fight on that side, as I am hugging the enemy close on the other side, and the backs of two of my divisions are in that direction. If I have a serious fight I will have to concentrate all my troops in the center, in order to get my troops together, but I do not like to leave the enemy in force there.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1864-3.05 p. m.

General MEADE:

I have developed the enemy's line pretty well throughout my front. My line is about north and south, and just in front of the road. The enemy have works all along their front; their right resting on a swamp, where I connect with the cavalry. Their skirmish line is reported to me as rather shaky, having been driven from strong positions without much trouble, the enemy breaking as soon as our line made a rush.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

SECOND CORPS,

June 1, 1864-3.30 p. m.

General WILLIAMS:

The present artillery firing here is caused by the enemy attempting to retake the rifle-pits carried by General Berney yesterday across the creek. It is now held only by our skirmish line, as I had to move General Birney's division more to the right. The enemy's attack so far has been feeble. Whether their troops are being massed in Birney's front or on his right I do not know. I have

