HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General BARLOW:

GENERAL: A dispatch from General Meade states that it may be necessary for this corps to assault to relieve Warren and Wright, who are expected to be heavily engaged soon. The major-general commanding desires to know what you think of the probability of the success of an assault in your front with so much of your division as is available, supported by one or two brigades of General Gibbon's division, and possibly one of Birney's in case of need. The general desires that you will have the ground examined with a view to this assault, and make such preparations as will enable you to advance speedily should orders be received to attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 1, 1864-7.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose report* of Colonel Brooke, touching this afternoon's movements. The order required him to support the right of the advance of General Gibbon did not leave his works and advance (as appears by statement of Colonel Brooke) Colonel Brooke did not advance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,June 1, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: Yours in regard to the assault is just received. A reliable officer of McKeen's brigade reports a battery of six guns on my right and front, which would take in flank any line advancing to my front, and which would, of course, have to be first taken. As represented to me these guns are directly in front of Brooke's brigade and so placed as to fire along my front. There is also a gun (at least but one has fired) which sweeps down the Cold Harbor road. If it is concluded to attack with my division, I should order McKeen to advance in line obliquely to the right against this battery, to be supported by Smyth, and Owen to advance against the Cold Harbor road, Tyler to be used according to circumstances; but General Burnside should act vigorously at the same time. If Barlow makes the attack I can send him Tyler with 3,000 men, and if no attack is made on the Smyth with 1,500 more can be sent. The enemy's

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

