
JUNE 1, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The enemy has attacked my right, and General Griffin has sent to me for tow brigades' support. They are on their way to him. I send you this, as it may be important for General Burnside to know.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

What news? Is the road from Bethesda Church to Cold Harbor open? Wright reports pushing the enemy back on his right, but on his left, on the Chickahominy road, he could make no impression. hancock will be thrown around there to-night. He repulsed an attack this afternoon. Please report.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1864-9.50 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

The commanding general is very desirous of hearing from you as to the result of the attack upon you this evening. Do you connect with General Smith? If not, do you know how far apart your left and his right are? Is the road open from Bethesda Church to Woody's?

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

[Indorsement.]

I have communicated with General Smith though the wood, but have not heard from his since 4 p. m. The road is not open from Bethesda Church to Woody's.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

JUNE 1, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

General Griffin repulsed the attack on him to-night, which was no more than a strong feeler. The Cold Harbor road is not open, and I have been able to make no impression on the enemy. A very large field intervenes just beyond the forks of the road commanded by the enemy's batteries. I directed General Lockwood to extended well to the left with a line of skirmishers, and to prepare his whole division for an attack in conjunction with Wright and Smith. I thinned my line down to the least possible amount to get two brigades in reserve to support him, but in some unaccountable way he took his whole division, without my knowing it, away from the left of the line of battle, and turned up at dark 2 miles in my rear, and

