
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 1, 1864-7 a. m.

It is directed that you push your skirmish line along our front against that of the enemy, and make it of sufficient strength to force it back, and ascertain the position of the enemy's line of battle or strong entrenchments.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

(To division commanders.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 130. June 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

6. The following assignment of troops is hereby ordered; commanding officers of regiments will report to the commanding officer of the division to which assigned: Fifth New York Volunteers and Twenty-first Pennsylvania Dismounted Cavalry, to First Division, Brigadier-General Griffin commanding. Fourth Delaware and One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Cutler commanding.

7. The following batteries are hereby assigned to the First Division, and will be subject to the orders of the division commander for their proper disposition in the camp, on the march, and in battle: Phillips' (E), Massachusetts Artillery; Stewart's (B), Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Richardson's (D), First New York Artillery.

8. The Twelfth New York Volunteers and Fourteenth New York State Militia will be consolidated with the Fifth New York Volunteers, and will report to the commanding officer of the Fifth New York Volunteers.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON THE PICKET-LINE, June 1, 1864.

General CUTLER:

I have the honor to report that the picket-line has advanced 400 yards, and is now in sight of a strong line of the enemy's breast-works between 200 and 300 yards in front. The enemy are moving to our left on the double-quick.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. B. OSBORN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Division Inspector.

JUNE 1, 1864-9.12 a. m.

Captain MARVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Cutler's skirmish line covers a brigade front. It has been doubled and now consists of 360 men, supported by four companies. The line crosses the Mechanicsville road, the left resting in the wood about 20 rods from the road. The line is now advancing.

HIGBEE.

