
JUNE 1, 1864-10 a. m.

General CUTLER:

I have directed General Griffin to extend his line to the left so as to relieve as much as he can of yours. I then want your command in the neighborhood of Bethesda Church, that is, whatever is not necessary to complete the connection between that point and General Griffin's left. I shall leave Colonel Kitching in reserve.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

My headquarters will be at Bethesda Church.

G. K. W.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,June 1, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I am at Cold Harbor with General Sheridan, and the head of my column is not far behind. As soon as it arrives it will be put in position, relieving the cavalry. From General Sheridan's information it appears there is something more than a division of infantry in his front, and he fears an accession to their force. Unless a general movement is made by the enemy in this direction my position will be secure, so far as I can judge from the knowledge so far obtained. I shall cover the road intersections at Cold Harbor, and refuse my left somewhat, but as I can't connect with Warren, I could wish that Smith, who I understand is to fill the gap, could come up. The roads, which are very sandy and heavy, have worried the troops somewhat, but they were in good shape when I left them an hour agony.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Camp near Weir's House, June 1, 1864-12 p. m.

Surg. S. A. HOLMAN, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Sixth Corps:

DOCTOR: I have been informed by an officer of the staff of headquarters of the Eighteenth Army corps that this command has been engaged this afternoon, and that their wounded are entirely unprovided for. The major-general commanding the army desires me to instruct you to furnish to the wounded of the above-named corps such medical supplies, stores, stimulants, dressings, &amp;c., and other aid from your corps to insure proper care of these wounded. They are without ambulances and battle-field supplies. See that the wounded are collected and properly attended to. Dr. Suckley is the medical director.

THOS. A. McPARLIN,

Surgeon U. S. Army, Medical Director.

