
termaster and commissary of this corps for supplies; forage gives out to-night, rations to-morrow night. I have one regiment with Austrian rifles, one with Spencer, and one with Sharps carbines.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 1, 1864-7.15 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER EIGHTEENTH CORPS:

I am instructed to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this date in relation to means of transportation for your command. The commanding general directs that your order the chiefs of your principal staff departments to report at once in person to the chiefs of their departments at these headquarters, and some assignment will be made to meet your immediate necessities. I am directed to add, however, that the means of transportation with this army has been reduced to the minimum allowance, and that it is, therefore, of the highest importance that you should hurry forward your own trains as rapidly as possible. In case of necessity you are authorized by the commanding general to call upon the commander of the corps adjacent to your own for ammunition. Headquarters are near Via's house.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Near Old Church, June 1, 1864-8.10 [a. m.]

Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Captain Farquhar has just met General Wright, and has shown him the order to you to take position on the right of the Sixth Corps at New Castle. General Wright thinks there may be some misapprehension, as he has been ordered to Cold Harbor, and is now on his way there. The head of his column is at this moment passing Old Church.

Very respectfully, &c.,

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 1, 1864-10.30 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that my line extends from the Woody house across the Bethesda Church road, partially along a rifle-pit occupied by the enemy when I assaulted, the left brigade occupying a line of pits taken from the enemy to-day, making line like a very obtuse V. On the right General Martindale is spread out in one thin line without any reserves. The

