
center, by General Brooks, has a partial second line, his Third Brigade forming a second line to General Devens, who is on my extreme left. I have already had the honor to report my necessities and requirements for ammunition, and having now given the present condition of my situation, must leave it for the general commanding to determine as to how long I can hold this line of vigorously attacked, one division being almost entirely out of ammunition, and one brigade of General Brooks having but a small supply on hand. Fearful that the note of mine to General Meade may have miscarried, I again state that I have one regiment armed with Austrian rifles, one with Sharps, and one with Spencer carbines. I am entirely without forage. I have not yet been able to ascertain the extent of my loss to day. I have to request that medical stores be sent to my wounded, as I had left before mine had been sent to me.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1864-10.50 p. m.*

Major-General SMITH:

You will make your disposition to attack to-morrow morning on Major-General Wright's right, and in conjunction with that officer's attack. This attack should be made with your whole force, and as vigorous as possible. You will send orderlies to the telegraph office at General Wright's headquarters and keep me frequently advised of your operations. I have had no report of your operations this afternoon.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,White House, Va., June 1, 1864.

The chief quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance officer of the Eighteenth Army Corps will at once prepare their respective trains in accordance with the within instructions, and report the fact, when they are in readiness, to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Ames:

CHAS. A. CARLETON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

COLD HARBOR, June 1, 1864.

General AMES:

The general commanding corps directs that you send our supplies and wagons, ammunition, forage, &c., to us as soon as possible. Send one of your regiments as convoy. Come on with your command as soon as you can leave, as before directed. Orderly will stay and show wagons the road.

Respectfully, &c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*So recorded in Meade's letters-sent book. It is 10.05 p. m., as quoted by Smith, Part I, p. 1001.

---------------

