
long to three different infantry brigades. The enemy assaulted the right of my lines this morning, but were handsomely repulsed. I have been very apprehensive, but General Wright is now coming up. I built slight works for my men. The enemy came up to them and were driven back. General Wright has just arrived.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1864-9.46 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The accompanying dispatch from General Hancock is communicated to you for your information. The commanding general desires that you send the purport of it to General Wilson. It may be that the enemy knowing that General Wright has been withdrawn will endeavor to interpose infantry between General Hancock and General Wilson. General Wilson was informed last night of the withdrawal of General Wright.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Prospect Church, Va., June 1, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Most of my command were in camp at the time I received Major-General Meade's note, directing me to make a reconnaissance to Sumner's (upper) Bridge, &amp;c. The camps were at Parsley's Mill, Prospect Church (a small church north of Cold Harbor), and one brigade north of that point, so that it was impossible to get the command together to make the reconnaissance before dark. My men and horses are worn out. The men have been in the saddle since 4 o'clock yesterday morning, and the horses without water for the same period. I will make the reconnaissance early to-morrow morning. I have great difficult in finding water where I am.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp at Prospect Church, June 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I would respectfully suggest to the major-general commanding to send to the White House all the dismounted cavalry with the trains. I learn that with the exception of Major Beaumont's command all are in a very disorganized condition, and give no protection to the

