
trains whatever. Also many dismounted cavalry from Burnside's corps have, I am told, joined the trains. Horses are now being received at the White House, and if these mane are encamped there measures can be taken to mount and equip them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1864-8.30 ap. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general directs that you make a reconnaissance to-morrow morning with your whole division down the road that you are now on to Sumner's (upper) Bridge. You will be supported by the First Cavalry Division, which will be moved to the church near General Davies' headquarters and farther, if necessary. The general directs that you make your advance cautiously and with care. In case you come in contact with infantry you will not engage it heavily, but ascertain, if possible, its position, strength, &amp;c.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. DAVIES,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Div., Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: You will at once report your brigade to General Torbert, commanding First Division, who has received instructions from Major-General Sheridan as to the disposition of your brigade. The First New Jersey Cavalry will be ordered to report at daylight in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR HAW'S SHOP, June 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, White House, Va.:

Captain G. H. Mendell, of the Engineers, reports to you for the purpose of laying out proper fortifications for the protection of our depot at the White House. A dash upon our supplies there is possible at any time. The temptation to such a dash will be very great. You will, therefore, please use every man within your command who can be spared from other duties upon such works as Captain Mendell, with your approval, may lay out. Stragglers who go to the rear may also be worked upon the fortifications under guard, until such time as it may be convenient to return that to their commands. The importance of the work to be done at White House is

