
such that I hope it will secure your immediate attention. General Meade will be sending back forty pieces of artillery, to be shipped to Washington. Such of them as you may deem it advisable to retain for your fortifications you are authorized to retain.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., June 1, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe, Va.:

MAJOR: My bearer of dispatches reports to me that the major-general commanding has the impression that I have already received authority to make raids whenever I may deem it expedient and safe. No such general authority has been received here. On the 11th ultimo I received permission by telegraph to assist the navy in an expedition to destroy torpedoes. We have now 12,000 prisoners, and the guard has been re-enforced by a regiment of infantry numbering 700, while the fifth New Hampshire, numbering 600, has been replaced by the Veteran Reserves, numbering 800. We are greatly in need of horses for the quartermaster's department, and of farming implements for out contraband settlements on the Patuxent. Our last raid was for a special purpose, which was accomplished, and the capture of horses and cattle was incidental. This time I purpose to take ample transportation, and to attend solely to procuring the needed supplies. I ask only for the requisite authority to go. I will answer for the success of the expedition, and for the security of the prisoners of this post. I respectfully ask that I may be authorized to make these raids whenever it shall appear to be expedient.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Fort Monroe, Va., June 1, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Bermuda Hundred:

I am here with nearly 1,500 feet of pontoon bridging, and a siege train, tools, &amp;c., by order of General Meade, to await here further orders. Last evening an order of General Halleck to commanding officer here directed all pontoon bridging to be sent to you, and I am now sending these pontoon rafts with nearly 200 men, enough to lay the bridge, to reach you, I trust, during the night. I am myself uncertain by my orders whether it is wished that I should go up with the balance of my men here-say 300-and my animals, wagons for tools, and the siege material now in barges. Will you please reply to me as early as practicable as to what you know to be intended, or what you desire, or deem expedient, in regard to this material, trains, and men?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Engineer Brigade.

