HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Curtis', Va., June 1, 1864.

Lieutenant L. M. MOWERS,

Commanding Company E, Third New York Artillery:

In accordance with instructions from corps headquarters, the position of the 20-pounder battery will be changed under the direction of Colonel Abbot. You will, therefore, cause the work on the epaulements to be stopped.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred II. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HINKS' DIVISION,City Point, Va., June 1, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

MAJOR: I send for the information of the major-general commanding 1 colored refugee, who left Petersburg yesterday, and 2 contrabands, who left Fort Clifton yesterday evening, who represent that there are but few troops in Petersburg, nearly all having been withdrawn for the defense of Richmond. I respectfully suggest to the general whether it would not be well to withdraw General Wild's troops from Wilson's Wharf as soon as that position is covered by the movements of General Grant, letting the gun-boats hold the left bank of the river. This disposition, and the return of Duncan's brigade, will give us about 3,600 men of this division, which could be used for immediate operations against Petersburg. It seems to me to be entirely practicable to surprise and enter the place with about 6,000 men. I respectfully request that the refugee and contrabands be returned to this post.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

JUNE 1, 1864. (Received 3.30 p. m.)

General HINKS:

Captain Dollard has returned. The enemy's vedettes are back at their former post. The right of their line yesterday was at Cox's. There was a brigade of cavalry, a small brigade of infantry-I should judge a regiment of infantry-a battery and howitzers with the cavalry. At 11 a. m. they had a lieutenant killed, a major wounded, and 20 enlisted men killed and wounded. Citizens report them to have said that Butler had sent a corps to Grant and was withdrawing the rest; hence the attack here. They also said that Lee was within 8 miles of Richmond.

AMES,

Colonel.

JUNE 1, 1864-10.20 a. m.

Colonel AMES:

Is the slashing done between you and Fort Wisconsin to uncover your flank? If not, why not?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

