
WASHINGTON, June 2, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

Yours of 7 a. m. just received. I have nearly exhausted all my resources of volunteers to re-enforce you; but, if you can use them to advantage, I can send you six or eight good regiments of 100-days' militia. Many of them are anxious to go. Shall I send them?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 2, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In view of the want of preparation for an attack this evening, and the heat and want of energy among the men from moving during the night last night, I think it advisable to postpone assault until early to-morrow morning. All changes of position already ordered should be completed to-day and a good night's rest given the men preparatory to an assault at, say, 4.30 in the morning.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-10.25 [p. m.]

[General GRANT:]

GENERAL: I send Major Roebling, of Warren's staff, who will explain the position of affairs on the right when he left. It would appear from Major Roebling's statement that the enemy at dark were in force in front both of Burnside and Warren. I do not believe they will remain in front of Burnside. I have, however, sent orders bot to Warren and Burnside that they must, at all hazards, attack the enemy to-morrow at 4.30 a. m., and if he is not in force in their front they must swing round to the left and follow up and attack on Smith's right flank. In like manner, should the enemy be in great force in their front and check them, then our attacks here ought to prevail, and we will swing by the right and move up on Warren's left. In order to insure energy and harmony of action, I propose to place, with your approval, Burnside under Warren's orders.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BETHESDA CHURCH, VA., June 2, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

From Major Roebling's account, Ewell's corps has put itself in a position where it should be badly used up, if it remains until morn-

