HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 21, 1864-9.45 a. m. (Received 3 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold Guiney's Bridge until the arrival of the head of General Warren's column. He moves at 10 o'clock, and the head of his column may be there by 2 or 3 o'clock this afternoon.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 21, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I have the honor to report that I have driven the enemy (all infantry) across the Milford bridge, and am holding the bridge. The enemy's infantry are on the opposite side of the river, and I doubt whether I can drive them away. I have captured 66 prisoners, men, and 6 officers belonging to the Eleventh and Seventh Virginia, Kemper's old brigade.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Forwarded to General Meade, 10.30 a. m. Messenger could not get through.

MAY 21, 1864-9.45 [a. m.].

General HANCOCK:

General Torbert has driven the enemy across the river and has 42 prisoners. It seems that a part of Pickett's division passed up yesterday, and a few of them were left here to hold the crossing. All the prisoners belong to the Eleventh Virginia Infantry except one. I do not think that more than 2,500 men passed up yesterday. The general will see whether it is practicable for him to cross the river. If not, I will have an examination made as to the best place for a bridge.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

There was no cavalry here except some irregular cavalry, say 100, in and about Bowling Green and Milford. One prisoners says Pickett's division has been broken up and part given to Hoke.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Milford, May 21, 1864-12 m.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Barlow's division is across the Mattopony. I have directed him to get a good position about a mile out. General Gibbon follows immediately. The skirmishers (infantry) driven

