
2. The re-enforcements that have joined this army under the command of Colonel L. P. Cesnola, Sixth New York Cavalry, are assigned to duty temporarily with the cavalry division commanded by Brigadier-General Wilson.

When General Wilson's command returns within the lines of the army, Colonel Cesnola will report at these headquarters for further instructions.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Camp near Cold Harbor, June 2, 1864-7 p. m.

The major-general commanding has ordered that the wounded now with this army, and such severe cases of sickness as you may indicate, be sent to the White House. As far as practicable empty wagons will be used for this purpose. Ascertain from the quartermaster of your corps how many of these he will place at your disposal, and inform me of the number beyond what you need available for the wounded for other corps. The trains of the several corps will rendezvous at Anderson's on the road from the supply train to the White House. An escort will report early to-morrow to the chief officer quartermaster's department at the general supply train at Anderson's.

You will see that proper number of medical officers, attendants, subsistence for one day, and medical supplies, especially stimulants, anodynes, dressings, and ample supply of water be furnished.

So far as possible, ambulances should not be sent beyond Anderson's, except as needed for the severe cases; the lighter cases will be transferred to any empty army wagons that may be found at Anderson's going down empty, and, of course, such wagons should be prepared for the reception of the wounded. Spring wagons can be sent to White House, but ambulances are especially needed and suited for the front.

Place a suitable medical officer in general charge of the wounded of your corps, and direct him to see that they are carried as safe and comfortable as possible, and report on his arrival at White House to Surg. E. B. Dalton, U. S. Volunteers, chief medical officer, Army of the Potomac, at that point. The train must be organized by to-morrow early.

Acknowledge receipt.

THOS. A. McPARLIN,

Surgeon U. S. Army, Medical Director.

(To medical directors Second, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth, and Eighteenth Corps.)

