
Their position is on a crest nearly parallel with the road and on the right of the road, and higher and more commanding than ours. The command our position with artillery, while we have no good positions for guns, and they have been throwing canister over our lines. According to the report of the skirmish line and of reliable officers, the enemy have their usual line of works and a line of battle. One battle-flag is plainly visible. They have certainly two, and possibly more, guns. I have pressed my skirmish line as far forward as a skirmish line can well advance. I don not reach the Chickahominy, and according to the best information I am about 1 mile from it. The division of cavalry on my left has been withdrawn and one regiment left, which extends my pickets to the Chickahominy. I have two lines of battle, and shall fortify the first line. I cannot move my line of battle farther forward. Another division on my left might be able to swing farther around. my left is retired and I feel secure against attack.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, as showing the condition of General Barlow's position on the extreme left.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 2, 1864-7.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER:

COLONEL: Prisoners captured this evening report that two brigades of Breckinridge's division (one of them Echols' brigade) occupy the crest in front of my line. Colonel Miles' skirmishers drove the enemy from their skirmish line about two hours ago, but were driven back by the enemy's artillery and by the fire of their line of battle. The enemy's skirmish line is quite active, and at times presses ours. We have no ground in our front practicable for artillery but [what] is commanded by the enemy's guns. We have come upon the enemy's line of battle, and it is quite close to our front. I do not think that the cavalry on our left are any protection, and we must rely on ourselves.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,June 2, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: There is only one point on my line where I think there is any hope of a successful assault. This is in front of Colonel Smyth, where I have two guns in position and am preparing to put

