
two more. The enemy's position is a strong one and I do not advise a second assault, but am willing to try again if Colonel Smyth can be re-enforced with another good brigade; even then I do not consider the chances of success very good.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 2, 1864-2 p. m.

General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that at about 3 o'clock you will have orders to move your division up behind the line of Barlow and Gibbon and between the two, as a reserve to an attack to be made at 5 o'clock.

Your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 2, 1864-3.10 p. m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command to taken position in a ravine behind Gibbon and Barlow and between the two. The exact position will be indicated shortly by a staff officer from these headquarters.

Your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 2, 1864-5 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Major Roebling has returned. We have got General Lockwood into position on the road to Cold Harbor and across it about 2 miles from this place, where the road branches off to go to Walnut Grove Church. The enemy command it with musketry and artillery, but we have got another road through the woods, so that we can pass directly on to Cold Harbor. The left of my line cannot be more than a mile from Gaines' Mill and quite takes in flank that part opposite the center. A swampy stream running into the Matadequin heads near me left, and is so bad Major Roebling could not get through the night his orderly's horse was drowned. The road which branches off on my rear and comes in again at Woody's is believed also to be good and now open. The line I now hold is nearly 5 miles long, and enables you to move anything securely behind it. With our entrenchments and artillery I believe we can

