HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I am instructed to inform you that the attack by Generals Hancock, Wright, and Smith, ordered for this morning, will take place at 5 o'clock this afternoon. The commanding general directs that General Warren co-operate by attacking in his front, and that his available force and the corps of Major-General Burnside be held ready to co-operate in such a manner as may be required.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,June 2, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Does the commanding general wish me to hold our right and front with General Burnside's corps massed behind my right, or for General Burnside to hold the right?

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-4.20 p. m. (Received 4.25 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch received. The major-general commanding wishes you to hold the right, and Major-General Burnside to be massed in rear of your right.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 2, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The enemy have followed up General Burnside quite fast, and their skirmishers have got around to the Via house and cut the telegraph line. We are having now quite a brisk fight. General Burnside's whole corps in now massed near Bethesda Church, and I had begun to retire my right when the attack began. We are all making dispositions for defense. Reports indicate the enemy are moving a force from the south around to our right. I think your instructions to me about taking up position for attack were conflicting. For me to close in to General Smith's right, keep half my troops in reserve, and let Burnside mass on my right would bring him to Cold Harbor and have retired my line from the enemy. I think we will have no trouble to hold on here, but I think we should not leave without restoring our control of the Via house, I think, and getting back our telegraph wire. This movement of the enemy stops our march for the present.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

