
JUNE 2, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I am on your immediate left, and am directed by Major-General Smith to inquire if he can aid you, and, if so, how?

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Commanding Division.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 2, 1864-5.45 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

From putting all my information together, I believe the enemy's line turns back toward the south, just south of this place, so as to occupy the west side of the course of Gaines' Mill creek. The Second Corps, when it comes in between General Smith and me, will, as it advances, shorten my line considerably. The swamps enable me to take up my present extended position, but my advance would be over open ground.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

JUNE 2, 1864-6 p. m.

General MEADE:

We have taken prisoners from Johnson's division, of Ewell, who say their whole division advanced. General Burnside, who is on my right along the road to Linney's, is making dispositions, I believe, to attack a force reported to be moving toward Linny's along the Shady Grove road. I think it will be easy to stop any movement of that kind, if it is made. In regard to the contemplated consultation, but the wire was cut just as we received a dispatch for Burnside to retire behind my right. I think we will find bad swamps and a large pond in our way moving west from Woody's house, and moving from my present position south the enemy's entrenchments and clear fields in their front.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

P. S. - The enemy have got a battery on the Shady Grove road now.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Your dispatches of 4.30 and 6 p. m. are received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is necessary that you should connect with General Smith in the best manner that the ground admits of. It is not perceived that your instructions to connect with General Smith at Woody's and to shorten your front takes your right flank, as formed by these instructions, away from the enemy, or that Burnside's corps will be brought to Cold Harbor by

