HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch, by Major Roebling, has been received. Major Roebling has explained the conditions existing on the right. Your connection by skirmish line with General Smith, together with the two regiments sent by General Smith, appear to be sufficient to cover communication by the road from Woody's to Bethesda Church, a connection considered sufficient for the present by the major-general commanding.

The commanding general directs me to say that it does not appear probable that the force confronting Burnside will be found there in the morning, but be that as it may, he directs that the enemy in your front and that of Burnside by attacked in the morning at 4.30 o'clock by your troops and those of burnside in such manner and by such combinations of the two corps as may, in both your judgments, be deemed best. If the enemy should appear to be in strongest force on our left, and your attack should in consequence prove successful, you will follow it up, closing in upon them toward our left. If, on the contrary, the attack on the left should be successful, it will be followed up, moving toward our right. Harmony and co-operation on the part of General Burnside and yourself are earnestly enjoined.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Similar orders are sent to General Burnside. General Wilson, re-enforced by 3,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry from Port Royal, is ordered to move from Hanover Court-House by way of Haw's Shop and attack the enemy's rear and flank.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864.

General WARREN:

The commanding general directs that you issue the necessary instructions to carry into effect the following order.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 26. Bethesda Church, Va., June 2, 1864.

1. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is hereby relieved from duty with the Fifth Corps, Army of the Potomac, and will proceed to Baltimore, Md., and await further orders, reporting by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

