HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-7.45 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw as soon as you can do so securely, and mass in rear of the right of General Warren, and be prepared to resist an attempt of the enemy to attack or turn his right flank, and also to support General Warren in any part of the line he is holding upon his requiring it. The commanding general directs me to say that the defense of the right of the line is intrusted to yourself and General Warren, and that there should be mutual co-operation. Establish your headquarters as near to General Warren's as you can. Notify the cavalry picketing on your right.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 2, 1864-7 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

In order to open roads to our left and to develop the enemy's position I have had to extend my line from your left upward of 4 miles. It is only a single line assisted by entrenchments and swamps, and nearly without reserves. I shall be unable to give you any re-enforcements if you are pressed unless I abandon my line. General Meade directs me to call upon you for aid in the event of my being pressed.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Humphreys.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General Warren is ordered to close the interval between himself and General Smith, about 1 mile, and also to contract his line so as to hold one half his force available. The commanding general directs that you move simultaneously with General Warren so as to keep massed in rear of his right, prepared to support General Warren and meet any attempt to turn his right flank, or for any other contingency.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 2, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have just received orders to extend my line to the left so as to connect with General Smith, and to shorten it by withdrawing my right so as to have half my forces available for contingencies. This

