HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 20, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I have sent directions to General Wright to prepare himself to hold the right flank of the army with his corps on the withdrawal of Warren. I have also directed two engineer officers to report to him to assist him in laying out his lines. I think it would be well if you should send either Comstock Babcock to consult and advise with him. He is now rather advanced from the river to throw back his right flank, hold to the river, and have any force to hold the Anderson house, but this will depend greatly on the nature of the ground. Over 470 prisoners have reached the provost-marshal-general from the Second Corps. Warren says Crawford picked up a number. As soon as they come in and I get returns of casualties ordered, I will report,

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 20, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Ingalls has advises from the gun-boats announcing the Rappahannock River free from all obstructions up to Fredericskburg. This will enable steamers to take away all our wounded, and secures Port Royal for a base in case it should be required.

Respectfully,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,May 20, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: During the day yesterday, and before the afternoon attack, 6 prisoners were sent from Captain Rider, Fifth Corps. They had been captured one, two, or three days previously. The whole number of prisoners (including 3 commissioned officers) received last evening was 45, sent in by Colonel Kitching, Sixth New York Heavy Artillery. They were from all brigades of Ewell's corps except Doles', Hays', and Pegram's, and 40 of them were from Rodes' division. One was received from General Warren from A. P. Hill's corps. Captain Leslie of this department was on his way from Fredericskburg during the alarm at the commencement of the attack, and meeting 9 prisoners he sent them to the main guard near Fredericksburg. We have received this morning from General Birney 360 prisoners, fully representing all the brigades of Ewell's corps, including 4 commissioned officers.

