
change to be made simultaneous with your closing in this way.

This I think will require you to bring your right as far this way as Bethesda Church, where there is a good position, and give your batteries a fine opportunity to cover your right flank and rear. As soon as you are ready to make these changes I am. Major Morton had better come in advance and select the position for your right. My line of entrenchments will serve for your front. When all is ready we can move together. I send you a dispatch just received.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

June 2, 1864.]

General MEADE,

Commanding the Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatch received. If we are to hold the present line we have not a single available man for other work. Our right rests on the Totopotomoy, just beyond the Whitlock house, and our left connects with Warren. We still hold the extreme advance of yesterday by a heavy skirmish line; the main line is a single line. Colonel Platt has a sketch.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

Your dispatch received respecting not having an available man if you hold your present line. Instructions were sent you this morning requiring you to withdraw from your position as soon as you could do so with security, and held yourself massed in rear of the right of General Warren, ready to meet any attempt to turn his right, or to support General Warren, if he required support. At 9 a. m. additional orders were sent you informing you that General Warren was ordered to close the interval between him and General Smith, nearly 1 mile, and also to contract his line, and you were directed to move so as to keep massed in rear of the right of General Warren.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Corey's, June 2, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I commenced the withdrawal this forenoon in accordance with orders, and succeeded in getting two divisions on the right and rear of General Warren; but as the third was coming in it was attacked by a pretty heavy force of A. P. Hill's corps. The attack

