
was repulsed, and we succeeded in getting all the trains and hospitals to the rear, as well as the troops and artillery in position. After this, some two or three strong attacks were made, all of which were repulsed. It is certain that all of which were repulsed. It is certain that all of Hill's corps was here, and a part, if not all, of Ewell's. We have taken several prisoners from Hill's corps, and some from Johnson's division, of Ewell's corps, who say that Johnson's division was pretty well wiped out by Hancock's attack the other day.

Our men are all in good spirits, and I hope we will be able to carry out the orders of the commanding general for to-morrow morning. The main body of the enemy's forces which attacked are on the Shady Grove road. I have just this moment heard from General Wilson, who tells me that he has received no orders until those received through one of my messengers. I inclose his dispatch, and hope to be in communication to you fully as to our relative positions, and will probably received orders from you during the night. My headquarters will be at this place for to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 2, 1864-10.45 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

We have not been able to communicate with the cavalry. Some distant firing is heard to our right; it is possible that they may be engaged in that direction; they are certainly not within a short distance from us. I have no cavalry, but will continue to endeavor to communicate with them by means of orderlies. A force of the enemy, probably only a brigade, has crossed to the north side of the Totopotomoy and are pressing back our skirmishers on that side of the river, evidently with a view to ascertaining our position. We are preparing to withdraw to the rear of Warren['s right, but may have to move carefully in case they should attempt to follow.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JUNE 2, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General Warren asks if the crossing of that brigade is known at headquarters, and if our cavalry are on the right. He says nothing has occurred to hasten his own movements. He awaits yours.

CHAS. G. LORING,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 2, 1864-12 m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Dispatches were received from General Wilson, dated last evening, from beyond Hanover Court-House. He was ordered this

