HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 2, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General SMITH:

I have given direction by which I hope all your wants, particularly ammunition, will be supplied this morning. In the mean time I have directed General Hancock to leave a division in your vicinity to aid you in case of necessity, and until you get ammunition. After that you must dispose your forces so as to take care of your own command, as Hancock's troops are required elsewhere.

Respectfully,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 2, 1864.

General MEADE:

Fearful that you should misunderstand the strength of my command, I deem it my duty to inform you that I think I have barely 9,000 men all told with me this morning. There are many stragglers from the command, and yesterday one brigade was badly cut and demoralized in the assault on the rifle-pits. My ammunition has not come, and two brigades with hardly any ammunition are in the front trying to hold the works taken from the enemy by assault yesterday in the woods.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 2, 1864.

Major General W. F. SMITH:

GENERAL: Your two regiments will be ordered back at once. The ordnance officer of the corps will be directed to furnish the ammunition you require, and will send the wagons up at once to the vicinity of Cold Harbor. Can you direct your ordnance officer to communicate with Captain Stevens, ordnance officer of the corps? Our ammunition trains is on the road to Old Church, about 1 mile back from Cold Harbor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 2, 1864.

General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

General Abercrombie has arrived at White House and directed General Ames to remain there till he relieves him. Does this meet with the approbation of General Grant? In compliance with his orders, I have ordered General Ames to report with his command on the arrival of General Abercrombie, and shall require him to execute this order unless General Grant directs otherwise.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

