HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 2, 1864-7.45 p. m. (Received 8 p. m.)

Major General W. F. SMITH,Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you extend a regiment or two along the road from Woody's to Bethesda Church, to meet the extension of General Warren's left toward you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 2, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report hat yesterday at 4.30 p. m. the Eighteenth Corps assaulted the enemy's lines in front and carried them at all points. The Third Division, under the command of Brigadier General Charles Devens, consisting of brigades of Colonel Drake and Colonel Barton, charged across an open field, 1,250 yards in width, swept by a cross-fire of the enemy's artillery, carried the edge of the woods, and drove the enemy from their entrenchments, which were protected by slashing and entanglements, taking some 250 prisoners, which in the haste of the moment were sent to the headquarters Sixth Corps. The division of General Rickett, coming up on the left, aided General Devens in holding the pits so gallantly taken. A very few minutes after Colonel Henry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Corps, charged the enemy's lines on the right of my front, and after a short but severe struggle carried them, but was unable to hold them, owing to the fact that a redoubt of the enemy behind his rifle-pits completely commanded (Colonel Henry's position) them. General Martindale, with his division, consisting of two brigades, except two regiments, which before the attack had been sent to the assistance of General Wright, held the right flank during the movement, and at the partial success of Colonel Henry was ordered to sweep down in rear of the rifle-pits, which he either held or commanded. Dankness coming on before he could make the necessary changes in his lines, I was forced to countermand the order, and our lines were drawn back to the position indicated to you in my dispatch of last night. The brigades of Colonel Barton and Colonel Henry held their portion of the line with scarcely any ammunition until nearly 7 o'clock this morning, when the troops received a fresh supply by the kindness of General Wright. I cannot commend too highly to the notice of the commanding general the conduct of Colonel Drake, who fell severely wounded leading the advanced line of General Devens, and Colonel Barton, who led the supporting line and so gallantly held what Colonel Drake had taken.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

