HDQRS. CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 21, 1864. (Received 4 a. m. 22nd)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

I forward to you a negro, who has just come in with 3 others from Pole Cat Station, 5 miles from here. Hoke's division arrived there about 12 m. to-day, and said he was going to clean the party out at Milford Station, supposing it was only cavalry. You may expect them if they come up on your left. I tell him that after you get through questioning him you will let him return to this place, where he lives. Will you be kind enough to send the inclosed letter to army headquarters when you send a dispatch. Everything is quiet here.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

8 P. M.

This division came from Drewry's Bluff to-day, the negro states. Respectfully forwarded.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 21, 1864-7.50 p. m.

Some contrabands juste brought in state that Hoke's division arrived at 12 o'clock to-day from Drewry's Bluff and may be expected on our left, as believing that but a small force was here, they said they were coming to "clear out the place." This is respectfully communicated for the information of Major-General Birney, Brigadier-General Bibbon, and Brigadier-General Tyler. General Birney will please have a picket-line established from General Tyler's left to the river. General Tyler will take such measures by placing his troops in position as may be necessary to repel any attack of this sort with certainty.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Coatges' House, May 21, 1864-6.10 p. m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

The major-general commanding directs that you leave a regiment of infantry on the other side of the river to protect the brigade in case the cavalry should be ordered away or driven in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

