HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC, June 2, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, for the information of the general commanding, that my advance is at Summer's (upon) Bridge. Find the bridge destroyed: the enemy's cavalry on the opposite side in some force. There are two parallel roads leading to the bridge; between these roads the enemy are strongly intrenched with artillery in position. The enemy have a small pond and swamp on their left. I have directed General Gregg to try and work around it and join on to General Wright's left. My pickets connect with General Wright's left flank and extend out on some parallel road, crossing the country to the east of Cold Harbor and General Wright's left.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Dr. Price's, 2 Miles from Hanover Court-House, June 2, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Since sending Captain Whitaker, of my staff, to see you, I have examined my position more carefully, a sketch of which I send herewith. I am satisfied the line is too long for me to hold in case of any decided attack by the cavalry force known to be on this flank of the army. My position is strong and the troops well in hand, but the connection between me and the right of the army is necessarily very weak. I have prisoners from Young's and Chambliss' brigade of infantry. Chambliss is said to be posted on the Hanover Court-House and Richmond road; Young on the Ashland road. Colonel McIntosh thinks at least three brigades were engaged with him yesterday. The prisoners report that the cavalry troops are mostly posted about Atlee's. Picett's division was at Ashland day before yesterday.

I have directed Colonel Chapman, commanding Second Brigade, to establish a courier-line on the shortest route to the right of the army. The destruction of the South Anna bridges is complete. We have also damaged the roads all that was possible with the means at my disposal. In order to reach the bridges over Little River a couple of regiments might be sent by Taylor's Ford and Chesterfield. I will send them if you wish it. I will send through the regular channels a report of casualties. Our loss, however, will not be large for the amount of fighting we have done since crossing Crump's Creek. I have just received information from Colonel Harhaus, Second New York, on pickets at Hanover Court-House, that column of re-enforcements-cavalry, infantry-from the north is just arriving at Hanover Court-House, having crossed the Pamunkey at Taylor's.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I was compelled to leave 30 or 40 wounded at Ashland-2 officers-for the lack of ambulances. Would it be proper to send a flag of truce, with a train of ambulances, from permission to bring them in?

J. H. WILLSON,

Brigadier-General.

