HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, June 2, 1864-5 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In the absence of orders, I shall move as soon as Colonel Cesnola's command shall have passed through my lines to Crump's Creek, or beyond, so as to re-establish communication with the right of the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS, White House, June 2, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival here on the 1st instant, when I found General Ames' brigade, of the Eighteenth Corps d'Armee, and whom I relieve to-day. I also found instructions from General Grant to retain such troops as I might deem necessary [for the defense] of the depot until the engineers, who reported to med to day, could throw up such earth-works as were needed for the safety of the supplies, &amp;c. Owing, however, to the want of entrenching tools but little has yet been done. The telegraph operator thinks he will have the line in working order some time to-morrow. I presume you have been apprised the rails have been taken up and the ties destroyed between West Point and the Chickahominy. There are over 600 rebel prisoners at this place, but no blanks to enroll them. Heavy firing in front until dark all day.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have a force of 6,057 men, 762 of which are three-months' men, 720 Invalid Battalion, 200 dismounted cavalry, 226 mounted men, leaving about 4,300 who will be sent forward guarding trains.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, White House, Va., Numbers 6. June 2, 1864.

The undersigned assumes command of all the troops at this place and vicinity. All communications will be addressed to Captain R. L. Orr, acting assistant adjutant-general. General Ames' command will remain at White House until relieved.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, Camp off Fortress Monroe, Va., June 2, 1864-10.40 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: As I have not received any reply as yet to the telegrams I have sent you from Washington and this place, I of course understand (if they have been received) that the action I have taken has

