
BATTERY Numbers 3, June 2, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Colonel Bandy, general officer of the day, reports that the enemy's line of battle is close to our pickets in my center. He says that they appear to be bringing up additional troops and artillery. My pickets are back to the forks of the road, after losing heavily.

A. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

P. S.-Copy to General Gillmore.

B. F. B.

PICKET-LINE, June 2, 1864.

[Captain ADRIAN TERRY:]

The enemy's line of battle is in the road in the woods this side of our rifle-pits, and Captain Hill reports him massing near the right center. My line is posted as skirmishers, with reserves on the is edge of the woods. I have vedettes out. We also have the reserve rifle-pits near the headquarters of general officer of the day. The rebels are in considerable force in front, and the cars come and go constantly. I have directed the forced, if pressed in force, to fall back slowly.

G. B. DANDY,

Colonel One hundredth New York, General Officer of the Day.

BATTERY Numbers 3, June 2, 1864.

Colonel G. B. DANDY,

General Officer of the Day:

You will immediately throw up rifle-pits on the line you now hold. Colonel Plaisted has been ordered to send you supports. A wagon load of shovels will be sent to the forks of the road for you.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATTERY Numbers 3, June 2, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major-General GILLMORE:

I have already examined into the falling back of pickets in front of Numbers 4. Their flank was turned and a very large part of the men on their right were killed and captured. I think it was a choice between capture or retreat. The fatigue parties have been ordered out. Those for the redan in front of Numbers 1 will bear their arms and constitute the garrison for the work. The redan in front of Numbers 3 is garrisoned by three companies of the Sixty-seventh Ohio and 40 men of the Seventh Connecticut, with orders to hold it. I cannot agree with you that the men yield too easily. The attack was in

