
BATTERY Numbers 3, June 2, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Colonel PLAISTED:

You will immediately send the fatigue parties ordered for this morning to the points at which they were ordered to report. Those who go to the redan in front of Battery Numbers 1 will be the garrison for that work, and will hold it to the last.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., June 2, 1864-11 p. m. (Received 11.27 p. m.)

Colonel H. M. PLAISTED,Commanding Third Brigade:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you battalion of sharpshooters occupy the redan in front of Battery Numbers 1 at once, instead of waiting until daybreak, as directed in Special Orders, Numbers 30, paragraph 2, of this date.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Point of Rocks, Va., June 2, 1864.

Colonel F. B. POND,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that the infantry force performing outpost duty beyond the causeway should consist of one company and a half, of not less than 50 men, with their complement of officers. The number required on the mill road on the right of the line may consist of one company of white troops performing the picket duty. This grand guard will be regularly mounted hereafter at 6 p. m., and be inspected by he field officer of the day. Replace the company of Wisconsin regiment doing duty at commissary's wharf by the same number of men with 1 officer from convalescent camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 2, 1864-12.30 a. m.

General BUTLER:

Have your ordered General Wild to send men to report to men? General Wild has sent Colonel Holman with 1,200 men to report to me, with the intention of going to Petersburg, as he says, pursuant to orders from me, which orders I never issued. I fear it is a ruse to weaken Powhatan. Shall I send him back immediately? I have received no orders and made no preparations.

HINKS,

General.

