
people are permitted to come here they will be provided for, and I send a steamer for the purpose of bringing all who desire to come. Should more desire or be permitted to come than can be accommodated at this time other vessels will be sent them, and in this case I would like to be informed where they will be assembled and the time at which it would be advisable to send. I hope that this effort to relieve the necessities of these poor people, who are in no way responsible for the present unfortunate war, will be met in the spirit it is made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Cold Harbor, Va., June 3, 1864-2 p. m. (Received 7.55 a. m. 4th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

We assaulted at 4.30 o'clock this morning, driving the enemy within his entrenchments at all points, but without gaining any decisive advantage. Our troops now occupy a position close to the enemy, some places within 50 yards, and are entrenching. Our loss was not severe, nor do I suppose the enemy to have lost heavily. We captured over 300 prisoners, mostly from Breckinridge's command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Cold Harbor, Va., June 3, 1864-3 p. m. (Received 8 a. m. 4th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

In view of the time it would take to get orders to New Orleans, and to transport troops form there here, I do not think it advisable to bring the Nineteenth Corps to this field. Since Banks' disaster, too, all the troops are any surplus troops west they could, be advantageously used against Mobile, as suggested in Sherman's dispatch of May 30. Please so order. Let Reynolds or Franklin command the expedition. The sixty pontoon-boats coming from New York with what we have here and at Fort Monroe will be sufficient.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 3, 1864. (Received 5.15 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Barlow reports that he has enemy's works with colors and guns. I am at General Wright's headquarters.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

