
officer, formerly from Philadelphia and known to Colonel Collins, in a conversation with him confirmed this disposition of their troops, and says that it was understood that Lee would attack us here. In reply to your inquiries we suppose that Pickett added to General Lee's strength from 7,000 to 8,000 men; Breckinridge from 3,000 to 4,000 men. We know of Beauregard's having twelve brigades in front of General Butler, of which the four spoken of above as making the division in the enemy's right to-day are a part. One of them, Martin's (North Carolina) brigade is estimated by us from examination to be 3,500 strong. The other brigades making that division are Hagood's (South Carolina), Evans' (South Carolina), and Clingman's (North Carolina).

The deserter from the rebel signal corps spoke of the cessation of all business in Richmond; of the closing of stores, shops, schools, and the Government department, that all the men might be spared. HE says that heavy guns sent out of the city on Monday, whether to the works or to General Lee, he does not know; that some large ware and store houses along the canal are believed to hold the ware and store houses along the canal are believed to hold the Government reserve supplies of bacon. Knows of none of flour, but hanks there must be such; that during General Butler's holding the Petersburg railroad rations were at time omitted, but since they have possession of the railroad again rations are regular and a little large than before May 4. He hanks the Government ordnance stores are also in buildings along the canal; does not know whether the Tredegar works are closed or not. Government declines to pay any but sick and wounded soldiers in the new currency, in which he knows that on Monday flour was sold at $250 per barrel.

Respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Surg. T. A. McPARLIN, U. S. Army,Medical Director, Army of the Potomac:

Telegram received. We have record of 1,276 wounded received in our corps hospital to-day. We sent away 768 in three ambulances and eighty-five army wagons, which were all we had at our disposal. We have 704 wounded and 189 sick still in hospital. Our number of wounded will be still further increased by the action to-night; how many cannot be told at this hour. The chief quartermaster of corps reports that all the empty wagons at his disposal were sent away to-day loaded with our wounded. He estimates that perhaps a dozen ammunition wagons will be empty to-night. We have 144 ambulances present; their horses pretty well worn out with hard work.

A. N. DOUGHERTY,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director, Second Corps.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-1.30 p. m.

For the present all further offensive operations will be suspended. Corps commanders will at once intrench the positions they now

