HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, June 3, 1864-6.45 a. m.

General MEADE:

General Gibbon is making temporary entrenchments to try and hold his advanced position, but expresses the opinion that it is not tenable. The result of my attack thus far is the capture of from 300 to 400 prisoners and one color. The enemy's line was carried in one or two points, but not held. Colonel Brooke and General Tyler are wounded, and Colonel Morris, Sixty-sixth New York, and Colonel Haskell, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin, killed.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Your telegram of 6.45 received. You report General Gibbon about intrenching in his advanced position. Am I to infer an assault has been made and failed, or that you do not contemplate assaulting again till the question of Gibbon's capacity to hold his position is 3871]]? I ask for information.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

JUNE 3, 1864-7.40 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

No orders have been sent you suspending or rescinding the original order to attack. I received your dispatch announcing the withdrawal of Barlow and that Gibbon supported by Barlow was about to attack. I send you the telegram received and my reply. I have not heard since that Gibbon's attack has been made, and when your dispatch came reporting Gibbon was intrenching, I asked if he had assaulted. I desire every effort be made to carry the enemy's works. Of course if this is deemed impracticable, after trial, the attack should be suspended, but the responsibility for this must be on your judgment. I cannot give more decided orders. Report promptly.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864-8.25 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 7.40 a. m. is received. I did not mean by Colonel Smyth, of General Gibbon's division, assaulting, that General Gibbon had not already assaulted. He had done so at the hour appointed, as has also General Barlow. The enemy's works (part of them) were taken, but it appears, owing to the enfilading fire of artillery, that they could not be held, or else that the supports of the divisions were not brought up at the proper time. General Gibbon has reported to me that Colonel Smyth has not yet made the second assault [sic], owing to a battery on his right, which en-

