
SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

General HANCOCK or

General MEADE:

From an examination of the map with Colonel Tidball, I think there is no doubt that we do not hold the Dispatch Station road. Our picket-line going to the saw-mill does not follow the road, but runs in rear of it. I am having a sketch made for General Meade.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-12.45 [p. m.]

Major-General HUMPRHEYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I send you the reports just received from the two division commanders who assaulted this morning.

I have neglected to speak before of that part of your dispatches of this morning where you say Wright thinks he is farther advanced than I am. His staff officers tell me he is within 250 yards. My men are within 50, in front of the two points carried this morning.

The inclosed reports express my views. If General Barlow accomplished anything with the Coehorn mortars I shall be gratified, as I do not anticipate much. I do not think the chances of success good enough to warrant further attack here. My loss has already been pretty heavy, and I am losing men all the time, owing to the exposed condition of my men and constant skirmishing resulting from it. Part of my men cannot be withdrawn by daylight. Since Birney's division has been withdrawn I do not know that I am expected to attack, as the whole of the First and Second Divisions are now engaged or are so situated that they cannot be put in reserve. I think we would have held the works this morning except for the brigade commander. Colonel Brooke, being wounded, his successor did not pay the immediate attention necessary to prepare for the enemy's attack.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, June 3, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER:

COLONEL: Birney being gone, I do not think it wise to attack, though I had made up my mind to try it again before I received the last communication from the major-general commanding. I have sent for mortars, which I think can be used with effect at the angle where we are nearest the enemy. I think this angle a very important point, and if we should be able to take it we should have control of the enemy's line. If we should shell the enemy vigorously with the mortars we might charge into the work. I have moved a brigade to the left to supply, to some extent, the place of General Birney.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

