
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, June 3, 1864.

Colonel F. A. WALKER,Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: In answer to your communication requesting to know what it is practicable to do in my front to-morrow, I have the honor to report that I regard any further assault on the enemy's works in my front as inadvisable. In the assault to-day we lost heavily, including some of our very best officers, who did everything that gallantry could do, and failed to carry the works. The only way to make any farther headway in my front now is by regular approaches, compel them to abandon their front line, only, however, I presume, to fall back upon others in the rear. This, of course, will be a work of time.

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

SECOND CORPS, June 3, 1864-8 p. m.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: The enemy attacked Colonel Smyth's brigade, Second Division, but were repulsed. The lines are so close that I anticipate attempts of the kind. I should feel more secure if I had some reserve to check any temporary success of the enemy.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

P. S.-The firing still continues at intervals. I have one brigade covering my left flank, which I have withdrawn for a reserve.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864-8.30 p.m .

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: The following is an extract from the report of the medical director of this corps of the casualties during to-day's operations:

Our loss to-day, so far sa I can estimate, has been in wounded 1,500, to which the usual ration of killed will add about 300.

This does not include the missing, and I think is too low an estimate. A good many wounded men are between our line and that of the enemy. They will be brought of to-night. The enemy also attempted an attack on General Barlow's front at the same time that they assaulted General Gibbon. They came up close to our breast-works, but were driven back. Some prisoners are now coming in.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, June 3, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

One lieutenant and 2 men of Forty-second North Carolina Volunteers have just been taken prisoners. They are not certain, but say

