
have a chance I think on our extreme right to finish up the enemy there, and General Burnside is preparing to attack with his whole corps. He has been as anxious to have me extend to the right as your orders are imperative to keep closed to the left. If General Burnside's attack succeeds, as I think it will, I having a brigade and some batteries assisting, then our whole right will be free again and I can close to the left. General Wilson's cavalry will also co-operate form the neighborhood of the Norman house, north of the Totopotomoy. Cesnola's command has come up and been put in a position to cover our right, in case of reverse. It is composed of odds and ends, and now is about 2,000 strong, under command of Colonel Cavins, of the Second Corps. I do not think it would be advisable to attack with these troops till they are assigned to their proper commands. Colonel Cesnola has joined Wilson's cavalry. General Burnside expects to make his attack about 12.30. If this succeeds, we will be able to strengthen toward the left. At present I am so extended that I must break connection with somebody if I assault.

G. K. WARREN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-11.45 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The telegraph line is now being run out to the Woody house, as requested by you, and the party will be prepared to extend the line nearer to you, if it can be done with safety in that direction; and if it can be so extended, will you please cause the constriction party at Woody's house to be notified where they will find your headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 3, 1864-12 m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Birney has been ordered to mass his division just beyond the Woody house, and to report the fact of their being massed to these headquarters, and to say that General Birney's division may be required later in the day to assault on the front where General Smith now is.

A. . A HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-12.15 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The order directing General Birney to mass near Woody's house and report the fact here, is rescinded. He is ordered to report to you, as originally ordered.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

