
front by advancing my skirmishers all day. This will account for the firing you may hear in my front. I think, if you approve, that it would be as well to have Lyle's brigade back before sundown. Pickett's troops, now partially in my front, are not experienced troops; but a citizen here informs me that there ar two companies with him from his vicinity that know every by-path. The person giving the information has two sons with Pickett. Ewell joins him at his left, about my center.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-My field officer of the day has just reported to me that General Mott has come up with instructions to fill up the gap between my left and Smith.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Will you ask the commanding general if he will authorize the immediate must of the officers appointed to positions in the new regiments formed from the old Reserve? It is absolutely necessary in order that they may receipt for property and assume the duties of their office. I have partial lists now ready. Will you also inform me what designation will be given to these regiments?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 3, 1864-7.45 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The major-general commanding has entirely misapprehended my message by Captain Cadwalader. I am in advance of everything else. If I advance my right farther, without a corresponding advance by the Eighteenth Corps, I am, from the form of the enemy's lines, taken in flank and reverse. My left cannot well be advanced for the same reason; but I have pushed forward my center, supporting it by the divisions on the right and left; the extreme flanks of those divisions to wait for a movement of the corps on their right and left. I think I can carry the enemy's main line opposite my center, and have ordered the attack, but, as before stated, my flanks cannot move without a corresponding movement of the corps on my right and left. My losses will show that there has been no hanging back on the part of the Sixth Corps, which has so far moved very satisfactorily. I may be pardoned for suggesting that the important attack for our success is by the Eighteenth Corps. This is undoubted, unless I misapprehend the enemy's position.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

