
before coming to any determination, and I would suggest that the engineer officers be instructed to make it. In reply to a call for the opinions of division commanders as to the probable success of an assault on their fronts, one reported decidedly against it, another had hopes of success if properly supported on his right and left, and the third thought it might succeed. The result of an attack would, in my judgment, be doubtful, and I should wish that the examination alluded to should be first made.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 3, 1864-10.45 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Soon after the attack on General Hancock's lines this evening the enemy attacked the left of Russell's division, but was readily repulsed. Since then all has been quiet. My entire line is now pretty well entrenched.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Division commanders are hereby requested to forward to these headquarters as soon as possible their written opinion as to the probable success of an assault upon the enemy's works in their front, provided their flanks are well supported by other corps.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITEWALLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: At 6 o'clock I crossed two regiments on the road form Haw's Store to Bethesda, and drove a brigade of Heth's division from the rifle-pits around Via's house. Having held the works and house about one hour, and failing to establish communication, I thought it more prudent to retire. My men report the enemy moving in heavy column in the direction of Shady Grove. I shall retire to a convenient place, covering the road from Haw's Store to Linney's, and hold from there round to the river. In case, however, your infantry occupy Via's house, I will move a force to Haw's Shop and hold the Mine from there to Hanovertown. Please advise me.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

