HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, June 3, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I understand that General Willcox will not be ready to attack until after 1 p. m. I should like to be advised of the exact time of the attack. I think I can withdraw some infantry from two brigades of Cesnola, which lies to my right and rear. In that case I will put in the whole of Griffin's brigade to attack to the right, and make as strong a demonstration with Curtin as possible, and take advantage of any opportunity that may offer. I regret to say that the losses in my First Brigade are reported as heavier than at the Wilderness, including some 20 officers. The loss in the Second Brigade is slight. I have advanced a section to the front on the right. My left does not connect with General Willcox, and it is rather a bad place. My nearest point to the enemy is just to the right of my left, where I am less than 50 yards from the enemy's work, who hold higher ground. If General Ledlie is to be withdrawn this point will be rather unsafe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT R. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864-2.25 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The Thirty-fifth Massachusetts (engineer regiment) and Twenty-ninth Massachusetts, of, I believe, the First Division, and Fifty-first New York (engineer regiment) are lying in rear doing nothing. I desire to place them on the line of entrenchments, where my batteries are, until the infantry I have asked of Cesnola gets up. The batteries are entirely unsupported, and my whole division on the front line is engaged, with no reserves.

Yours, &amp;c.,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Griffin I fear will make nothing. The enemy's works are across an open field and extend beyond his right. He does not think he can carry them.

JUNE 3, 1864.

Captain SHORKLEY,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Third Div., Ninth Army Corps:

The enemy in the immediate front of the brigade are moving toward General Potter's front. He is moving behind his works, so covered that no guess can be given of the force. Could not a battery be brought up in rear of this line and shell them out of their works? I think the crest of the ridge to our near would cover the guns sufficiently.

WM. HUMPHREYS,

Colonel Second Michigan.

