HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Martindale got into so hot a place that he was forced to assault the works without the assistance of the column of General Brooks. The assault was made three times, and each time repulsed. While I was on the front of General Brooks the enfilading fire of the enemy was so heavy as to force me to give the order to General Brooks not to attempt to advance his column of attack until the fire was slackened. This fire being entirely on my right, I have had nothing but artillery to use against it, and have therefore been unable to silence it. My troops are very much cut up, and have no hope of being able to carry the works in my front unless a movement of the Sixth Corps on my left may relieve at least one of my flanks from this galling fire.

Respectfully,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General SMITH,Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

General Wright has been ordered to assault at once and to continue his attack without reference to your advance, and the commanding general directs that your assault be continued without reference to General Wright's. General Wright had but a very short time before the receipt of your communication, through Major West, reported that he was waiting for your advance to enable him to assault.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General SMITH:

Your note in reference to artillery ammunition received. General Hunt was and is directed to provide you all the ammunition you require, and additional batteries if you could use them. This order will be reiterated, and I beg you will call and expend as much as your judgment dictates, without regard to General Hunt's strictures. I am sorry to hear Martindale is unable to assault. I have just heard from Warren, who is forcing the enemy back on his right. I have directed him to push forward his left, in order to relieve the attack you are able to make.

Respectfully,GEO. G. MEADE.

