
of ammunition. I will order of Captain Elder's caissons to be filled and sent to him. Tell him to send his caissons as they emptied to headquarters and I will try and supply him from reserve train.

Because Captain Hexamer, who had just come in, had a full supply, the general commanding thinks it should it should not be assumed that the batteries of his own corps were in the same condition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 3, 1864.

General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: My aide reports to me that General Hunt contended himself with answering a verbal requisition for artillery ammunition by some strictures upon my extravagant use of it. I have nothing to cover the entire open space on my right but my artillery, and I have tried to keep down both the enemy's artillery and infantry fire, which enfilades my front, by artillery fire. I have a regiment so far advanced that it cannot withdraw without serious loss, and the enemy are trying to get a battery in position to enfilade this regiment. It has become, therefore, somewhat of a question as to the expenditure of ammunition or muscle. All the artillery fire has been done strictly under my orders, and has not exceeded the amount I have deemed necessary to fire away to cover my men. I regret exceedingly that the absence of my own ammunition should have forced me to make the requisition I have, and of its propriety the general commanding himself must judge.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

The note from General M. will explain itself.

ARTILLERY HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864.

Major-General SMITH,

Eighteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I have sent you all the ammunition that could be procured from other corps near, and as rapidly as it could be sent. I have ordered up more, which I except soon, and will give your own batteries a further supply. I have now ordered another battery of Wright's corps to you, which, if you should not require it, I would like to have returned to him. I sent yesterday to you to place as many batteries at your disposal as you required. i sent the one you desired with an extra supply of ammunition and sufficient, if that battery alone has used it, to last a much longer time. The man from the battery reported subsequently a comparatively small expenditure I did not limit myself to strictures on your expenditures, although I did remark*: * * * nor did I make them, but took immediate measures to supply the reported wants.

H. J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Omitted words not legible.

---------------

