HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 3, 1864.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reference to the condition of affairs in my front, I would respectfully state that I now hold and have held all that I have gained, and am intrenching myself as rapidly as possible. In reference to what it may be practicable to do to-morrow on my front, I can only say, that what I failed to do to-day-namely, to carry the enemy's works on my front by columns of assault, at the most practicable point (in my front)-I would hardly dare to recommend as practicable to-morrow with my diminished force. General Ames' column is reported quite near here, which will a little more than make good my losses of to-day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 3, 1864-8.30 p. m.

General INGALLS,Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7 p. m. is received.* Yesterday the only quartermaster of my command, Lieutenant Cole, acting assistant quartermaster, by your direction went to Anderson's and found the entire train in motion, going toward the Chickahominy. He started as soon as he had seen you, and found the train had been moving some hours. My chief quartermaster has not reported to you, as he is by my order still at the White House, forwarding all that I left behind. I informed General Meade yesterday of the fact. Captain Van Ness, acting chief quartermaster of this corps, complains that he has been delayed by the docks being taken from him which he had put in order himself. Our stores are all probably at the White House by this time, so if your wagons report to him he will load them if our own have not arrived.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

JUNE 3, 1864.

General BROOKS:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires me to say that General Martindale reports the enemy putting up new rifle-pits. Can you not put some sharpshooters in to stop it? Please answer by orderly.

Respectfully, &c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

