
JUNE 3, 1864.

General MARTINDALE:

The general commanding directs that you keep the line of battle on your right under cover of the crest, to guard it from engilade fire as much as possible. Set your sharpshooters to silence batteries, if possible. Send word if this latter is possible.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 3, 1864.

General DEVENS,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you communicate at once with General Birney on your right, and connect with him as soon as it is settled where his left will rest to-night. If necessary you will throw your right forward to do this, where you will intrench yourself. If this be not necessary, yo will close to your left, provided General Birney can more than cover to your present right flank. In any case you will reserve two regiments for a reserve. Please answer as soon as possible. What tools you cannot obtain from your pioneers, you will find by sending to these headquarters.

Respectfully, &c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-7 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that my headquarters are about 1 mile below Dispatch Station, and to the left of the Bottom's Bridge road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-10.45 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Gould, commanding dismounted cavalry with the trains, has been instructed to detail 400 men of his command to guard a party of prisoners of war to be sent to-day to the White House. The commanding general does not think it best to send all the dismounted cavalry to the White House just now, as the services of these men are required to guard the general supply train. They will, however, be sent to you as fast as horses arrive for them.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

