
flank-instructions which have been so successfully executed by General Wilson. You will likewise direct the commanding officer to keep up communication with the commander of the corps on our right, at present Major-General Burnside, whose right is near the Shady Grove Church and this side of the Via house. The Via house is said to be in the possession of the enemy. With the remaining cavalry division on the left of the army the commanding general directs that you continue picketing the left flank to the Chickahominy, and also the crossings of that stream.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant BRINKERHOFF,Acting Aide-de-Camp, Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

LIEUTENANT: You will proceed to Linney's (2 miles west of old Church), at which point you will find detachments of mounted men belonging to this division. These detachments and all others which you may find in the vicinity of Old Church not performing duties to which they have been assigned by proper authority you will conduct to this division at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Linney's House, June 3, 1864-1.30 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In pursuance to your instructions, I evacuated Hanover Court-House at 6 p. m. yesterday, and withdrew my command to this point. Cesnola, with a mixed command of infantry and cavalry, having arrived at my lines this afternoon, I assumed command of his forces also, and moved them with my own. The head of my column arrived here at 12.30 a. m. It will be daylight before the troops are all in and encamped. As soon as I have informed myself of the whereabouts of the right wing of the army I shall post my troops with the view of covering the country between it and Pamunkey River.

I send this communication by Captain Gloskoski, of my staff, who will inform you more minutely of the situation of my command.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Linney's House, June 3, 1864-8.10 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your order to hold Haw's Shop and Hanovertown, and attack the enemy in rear, dated 5.45 this morning, was received

