
at 7.10. My entire division is on the road between this house and the right of General Burnside, covering the road from Shady Grove. General B. has just sent me word that the enemy were trying to turn him by that flank, and requesting me to watch and help him. Colonel Cesnola's command has been marching all night, all day yesterday, and is still on the road between here and Hanovertown; therefore in no very good condition. He has only about 1,400 infantry that are efficient, 1,200 or 1,500 disarmed stragglers, an indifferent force of dismounted cavalry regiments, and about 1,000 good cavalry. I thought it best to try and get the infantry here and move it to the right of Burnside; then relieve my cavalry force, and move it toward Haw's Shop and Hanovertown, thus completing the circuit to the river. I received no order by Captain Adams indicating desire to have me attack by Haw's Shop. Captain Gloskoski brought me the first intimation of this, and from the context I am unable to determine whether to construe it as an order to attack or not to attack. To go now by Haw's would require a circuit of 7 miles. Shall I go, or perfect the arrangement indicated in the first part of this communication?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Linney's, June 3, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I am collecting Cesnola's stragglers, originally sent to Belle Plain, to be ordered back to their regiments. Shall I send them to General Patrick? Cesnola has also about 600 horses from General Torbert. I shall send them to corps headquarters at once. I have directed Colonel Cesnola to report by letter.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Linney's, June 3, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have put Cesnola's infantry in position, on Burnside's right, at a place designated by Warren's engineer. His stragglers are sent to Burnside's provost-marshal for distribution. His cavalry is massed here. I move at once across the Totopotomoy on the Haw's Store road, and shall attack with all my force. Picket at Hanovertown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

Please send Cesnola orders, as he will be out of my reach.

J. H. W.

