HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Near Salem Church, June 3, 1864-1.12 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Your last communication, by Captain Gloskoski, was received at 12.15 p. m. at this point (Norman's) just as our skirmishers were going into action. We have developed a considerable force at or near Haw's Shop, with artillery in position. A patrol toward Mrs. Via's, as far as the creek, met no enemy. I am pushing forward now, the enemy having been repulsed in three or four sharp dashes at our skirmish line. I hear nothing toward Burnside's front, I left Cesnola's entire force on Burnside's right, connecting with it and extending toward the Totopotomoy. The force at Hanovertown report no enemy.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-From some prisoners we have taken I hear that it is Gordon's old brigade in front of us.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Salem Chapel, June 3, 1864-2.40 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

We have driven the enemy from the rifle-pits in this vicinity, having lost several of our most valuable officers-Lieutenant-Colonel Preston and Captain Cushman, [First] Vermont Cavalry, killed; Colonel Benjamin, Eighth New York, severely wounded. The enemy seems to have withdrawn on the road to Aenon Church, but certainly toward the fortifications originally occupied by their infantry. I am now covering with the main body of my force the road to Hanovertown and the Totopotomoy, and have sent part of a regiment to cross the creek near its head, on the road to Mrs. Via's, with instructions to ascertain the position of the enemy's infantry if possible. I do not think it would be judicious to relinquish this position for a movement with my whole force in the direction toward Bethesda. I will threaten it.

J. H. WILSON.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Bethesda Church, June 3, 1864.

General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your notes received in due time and would have been answered sooner but I hoped by waiting to give you a more definite answer in reference to the probability of occupying the Via house, or some point in advance, but I find I shall not be able to determine anything until morning, and therefore return the orderlies. I also

36 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

