
inclose an order received from General Meade this morning, for your information in case you have not received a copy. We took considerable ground from the enemy yesterday and hold it all. Our line now extends across the Shady Grove Church road, near the Via house. Please let me hear from you in the morning.

Yours, truly,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-10.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Division:

The commanding general is gratified at the intelligence of your very successful execution of the orders to attack the rear of the enemy's left flank. It is important that the operation should be continued with increased force, and Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, has been instructed to order up immediately another division to re-enforce yours. Should the commander of that division rank you he will, of course, assume command of both divisions, and you will in that event acquaint him with your instructions and all the information you have obtained in connection with the operations you have been carrying on. You will not, of course, delay any attack you may intend to make until the re-enforcements join you if y feel strong enough to make it without them.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Forks of Hanovertown and Salem Church Road, June 3, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

After ridding my front of the enemy, I am driving him in the direction of Aenon Church, and I attacked his left and rear on the road from Salem Church to Via's house, threw two regiments over the river on bridge near Via's, who soon became engaged with a brigade of three regiments of Heth's division. They were driven handsomely out of their rifle-pits, which we held for an hour. Failing to establish communication with the infantry on my left, I withdrew to the side of the Totopotomoy, putting my command as follows: First Brigade, with Ransom's battery, near Haw's Shop, picketing south and northward: Second Brigade, with French's battery, on the road from Hanovertown to Linney's, with one regiment at Hanovertown. In taking the enemy's works, we captured some prisoners, who report that Hill is on the extreme left of this army.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

