
FORT MONROE, June 3, 1864-9 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Shall I still retain the two steamers I hold ready to move, or give them up, and place my men as well as teams ashore, trusting to others that may or may not be available? General, as I have no reply from General Butler, now forty-eight hours, though he has answered several later telegrams, I presume what I sent him is all he requires. I believe there is now 1,200 feet of bridge at Washington, just arrived from New York, and have telegraphed Colonel Pettes for information. If there, would the general wish it retained there or ordered here, as I have now no pontoon bridging here?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 3, 1864-12.30 p. m. (Received 10.15 4th.)

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade:

Your dispatch of May 31, stating that you have been ordered by Major-General Halleck to send to Major-General Butler all pontoon bridging arriving at Fortress Monroe, has just been received. A dispatch was sent to you yesterday, which may not have reached you, requiring you, if you have not already done so, to have taken to Fortress Monroe the bridge left at Fredericksburg and afterward sent to Port Royal.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, Fort Monroe, June 3, 1864-7 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch just received, and I have called for a tug to send an officer up the York River for those bridges where I have understood and believe them to be in use as wharves. If not there the officer is directed to go up the Rappahannock, if safe to do so. My last order before leaving Belle Plain was at the request of General Abercrombie, placing them under his orders to be taken to Port Royal. Since then a dispatch from my officer received at Washington gave me to understand that they were to go to West Point. I telegraphed to Washington to order him here in case he shall have passed back to that city. Does the commanding general wish the bridging at Washington just from New York to be ordered here also?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Yes, collect it all.

A. A. H.,

Major-General.

