
on the first Tuesday of November, 1839, and ended on the 15th day of April, 1861, most thoroughly scrutinized. I will thank you also to have every act of my official life, which began as brigadier-general of the Massachusetts militia, April 16, 1861, and will end when this war does, if not sooner, subjected to the like examination. I have no favors to ask, and but one act of justice; that the inquisition may not be ex parte, i. e., one-sided.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

BERMUDA, June 3, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER:

If the sail vessels are certain of being sunk in the James River by the navy, would it not be very well to have them dismantled? The sails and rigging are very valuable, and would not probably be of much service as obstructions.

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS, June 3, 1864-9 a. m.

General GILLMORE:

Your dispatch, inclosing General Terry's, received. You are in command of the line of defenses and the entire forces I have here, save the garrisons at City Point, Spring Hill, Fort Powhatan, and Wilson's Wharf, and a portion of a colored cavalry regiment armed with pistols [which] are upon that line. You, of course, will make such disposition of the forces upon that line as you think best. You have but two small infantry regiments, Sixty-second Ohio [and] one on the entire left of your line.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 9.45 just received. I don't think Turner has any too many troops. At the same time Terry's front is the only part of the line likely to be attacked. When I get the three advanced redoubts finished, with barriers at the entrances, I shall have no apprehension of anything but the picket-line, which may be driven in if attacked in force.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,Commanding:

General Terry's losses yesterday amount to 159 men and 13 officers killed, wounded, and missing.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

