HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864-7.55 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

My lookout reports that the firing across James River began in a direction 15 degrees east of north, and worked westward until it ranged 5 degrees west of north, Richmond being 17 degrees west of north. At 5.30 he could distinguish musketry firing. At 4 o'clock the garrison at Chaffin's Bluff was paraded and marched off toward Richmond, about 500 men. There was also an artillery engagement in a northeasterly direction; from the lookout shells were seen to burst. A large sling-cart, drawn by 12 horses, left Dr. Howlett's this morning. The enemy are doing some work between Howlett's house and barn.

Yours,Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Cold Harbor, Va., June 3, 1864.

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

First Connecticut Artillery:

COLONEL: I have received your note of 17th May.* I will ask for orders for you at the earliest hour possible. I regret to say that Colonel Kellogg was killed two or three days ago-a great loss to us. I am glad your train is afloat, that but little time will be lost. The breaking up of the Reserve Artillery and the reduction of guns and ammunition trains throughout the army will, I fear, much embarrass us if we operate from our present position. I depended on the men and teams of the batteries and trains to furnish us with the requisite draught power. I fear that the Quartermaster's Department will not have the surplus means anticipated, as just the same expenditure of ammunition is made as before. Of course, the batteries consume very large amounts. I received the book and tables. Thanks. Had a severe conflict to-day in assault of the enemy's works. Have taken some of them, and our lines in some places are in talking distance of each other. Loss estimated at 5,000 or 6,000 killed and wounded.

Very truly, yours,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., June 3, 1864.

The following assignments are hereby announced, viz: Major Charles H. Hooper, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, to the command of the redoubt in front of Battery Numbers 1; Major Lewis Butler, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, to the command of the redoubt in front of Battery Numbers 3, and Captain W. G. Pride, First Connecticut Artillery, to the command of the redoubt in front of Battery Numbers 6. The above-named officers and their commands will be under the command of Brigadier General A. H. Terry, commanding First Division. Colonel

---------------

*See Part II, p. 843.

---------------

