
Abbot, First Connecticut Artillery, chief of artillery, will designate the armament and artillery detail for the redoubts. The various detachments will make the usual returns to their regimental commanders. The redoubts are to be held at all hazards. Three days' rations will be kept constantly on hand, and wells will be dug to supply the garrison with water, either within or in rear of the works. No officer or man belonging to the garrison of the redoubts above named will leave the works without Brigadier-General Terry's permission. Brigadier-General Terry will keep up communication with each of the redoubts by means of mounted men.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, June 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General TERRY:

GENERAL: The engineer officers in charge of the several works complain that the fatigue details almost invariably come to them late and short-handed, and not always with very explicit orders. I depend on you to correct this in your respective commands. A copy of the order from these headquarters should be in the hands of the officer in command of the detail. Details should have a full complement of commissioned officers. I must hold division commanders responsible for these matters. General Terry will please send General Orders, Numbers 8, to the commanders of the redoubts to-night.

Q. A. GILLMORE,Major-General.

(Same to Turner and Kautz.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH CORPS, In the Field, June 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Yesterday evening a flag of truce arrived from the enemy asking for the body of Colonel Dantzler. This morning I sent out the body. At the time of the delivery of the body letters from Major Sanford and the officers captured yesterday were received; they ask that their clothing may be sent to them. I respectfully ask for permission to send it out flag of truce this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, New Berne, N. C., June 3, 1864.

Captain HORACE JAMES,

Asst. Q. M., U. S. Vols., &amp;c., Supt. of Negro Affairs:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general directs me to inform you that some negroes are occupying several houses in Beaufort that are

