
needed very much for the white refugees from Washington and elsewhere, who are now crowded in the hospital buildings at Morehead. Owing, undoubtedly, to these unfortunate people being so closely packed, an epidemic has made its appearance among them that bids fair to work extensive destruction unless they are otherwise provided for. For this reason the commanding general desires you to make some arrangements for the present occupants, in order that them houses referred to may be turned over to the refugees. Perhaps the colored people could be brought to New Berne and placed in one of the colored camps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1864-2.20 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

In the Field:

In the month of May we sent to the Army of the Potomac 6,683 cavalry horses, in addition to the cavalrymen remounted here. About 1,000 more cavalry horses are being shipped to White House. Not hearing from you in regard to the Ohio militia, I am preparing ten regiments for the field, and will send them as fast as transportation can be procured. The Fifth Maryland Regiment Volunteers has been ordered from Fort Delaware. General Gillmore thinks that 5,000 more men can safely be withdrawn from Department of the South. General Hatch, on the contrary, is asking for re-enforcements. General Crook, at Lewisburg, May 31, expected to join General Hunter at Staunton in about six days. General Canby has sent forces to Memphis to protect Sherman's communications. I doubt if he will be able to do much on Mobile at present. Moreover, the movement would be too late to help Sherman. The latter is in possession of Allatoona Pass, and is moving against Marietta.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Cold Harbor, Va., June 4, 1864-1 p. m. (Received 10.10 a. m. 5th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff:

The 100-days' men can be of no great service here; but if they can be just as well supplied at White House as elsewhere, it might be well to put as many of them at that point as can be spared.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 27. Cold Harbor, Va., June 4, 1864.

1. To prevent confusion and delay in the forwarding of supplies to the Army of the Potomac, all troops, posts, and stations on the line over which such supplies at present or may hereafter pass, in conse-

