
quence of any change in the position of the army, are assigned to the command of Major General George G. Meade, commanding the Army of the Potomac, and will so report and receive orders, without reference to the territorial department in which they may be or to which they belong, until otherwise directed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Cold Harbor, Va., June 4, 1864-8.20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: If the firing this evening has been opened by the enemy without further attack, or if they attack and are repulsed, I think it will be well to retaliate by opening every battery that bears upon them at 12 or 1 to-night. It will have the effect to wake up the whole of the enemy's camp and keep them on the watch until daylight.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I was about sending the accompanying dispatch* when your note arrived. I can order the batteries to be opened as you suggest; but, whilst it keeps the enemy "awake," their reply, which they will undoubtedly make, will keep our people awake, and, in addition, it will interfere with the approaches I have ordered to be made to-night.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

It was only a desire to retaliate for annoyances that made me suggest opening our batteries to-night. If it is going to interfere with any operations you need not direct it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 4, 1864-7.15 a. m.

The following movements will take place to-day, as soon after dark as practicable:

First. Major-General Birney, commanding Third Division, Second Corps, will withdraw from his present position, as soon after dark as practicable, and report with his division to Major-General Hancock.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

