
Second. As soon as the withdrawal of Birney is so far advanced as to admit, Major-General Warren will withdraw the Fifth Corps from its present position and establish it on the line of the main branch of the Matadequin, his left resting on the right of Smith's corps, in the vicinity of Woody's, and his right on or near the Old Church road.

Third. Simultaneously with the withdrawal of Major-General Warren, Major-General Burnside will withdraw his corps, and move by the right to the Old Church and Cold Harbor road, to a suitable point in rear of Cold Harbor, and be prepared to move in support to any part of the line that may require it.

Fourth. One division of cavalry will be posted at Old Church, and picket from the right of the army to the Totopotomoy and Pamunkey. One division will be posted on the left flank of the army, and will picket to the Chickahominy and the crossings of that stream. The remaining division will be held in reserve at some convenient point. The commanders concerned in the operations ordered will consult with each other, that the movements and changes of position may be made harmoniously. Staff officers will be sent during the day to examine the route to be followed and the ground to be occupied.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 152. June 4, 1864.

* * * * * *

IX. The following issue of rations will be made to-day to the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps, and to the troops not assigned to corps, three days'; and to the Ninth Corps, including the two days' ordered to be drawn on the 2nd instant, but not issued until to-day, five days'-the object of the issue now ordered being to give five days' subsistence on the persons of the men from to-morrow morning. The wagons emptied by this issue will be sent with as little delay as practicable to the White House to be filled up, accompanied by the necessary officers of the subsistence department.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 4, 1864-9.40 p. m.

The enemy having opened a fire this evening, the commanding general authorizes each corps commander to open every battery that bears upon them at midnight or 1 o'clock, and keep up the fire until daylight, if in his judgment the firing will not, by a retaliating fire from the enemy, cause as great annoyance and loss to our troops as to theirs, and if it will not interfere with the advance of the positions by regular approaches ordered for to-night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

