HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 4, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General G. G. MEADE:

I find as the result of the reconnaissance of this morning that the enemy is along most of my front and has simply abandoned his position along the Shady Grove and fronting my right brigade and General Burnside's troops. The quickest way to relieve General Birney, if you are in a hurry, is for General Burnside to send a division or two direct to the place without closing in to me, and let me do the best I can with the right.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Dispatch of 10 a. m. received. I approve of the proposed move of Burnside on your left, relieving Birney. Show this dispatch to Burnside, and any surplus troops he and you can get, hold in readiness for contingencies.

GEO. G. MEDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

In case I withdrawn to the road running to Old Church during the night or to-morrow morning, I can probably spare General Crittenden's division, so that he can follow not far behind the others. Have you any designs which his doing so will interfere with? The enemy shows no desire to press us to-day, and now that he has abandoned the Shady Grove road, I think we can sustain alone any attack that we are liable to to-day and give a good account of it.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-4.30 p. m. (Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch of 3 p. m. received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that the divisions of a corps should not be separated, and that General Crittenden's division must be transferred to the left and held by General Burnside in reserve, if that will not weaken your line too much. If it should, then General Crittenden should take the place of your left division, so as to keep Burnside's troops together, and your left division or some other take the place now occupied by him. The movement contemplated for to-night will not probably take place.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

37 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

