HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864. (Received 5.10 p. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Which is the ranking officer, General Cutler or General Ayres?

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major General G. K. WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

Generals Ayres and Cutler were both appointed brigadier-generals November 29, 1862. General Ayres' name appears first on the Army Register.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-7 p. m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that during the night you push forward your position, or such parts of it as admit of it, as close to the enemy as practicable, by regular approaches.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have just received your dispatch to push out in such parts as admit of it as close to the enemy as practicable, by regular approaches. It is impracticable to do anything to-night, as no arrangements have been made for so doing, and not contemplating it, under the impression I had obtained last night, I allowed my engineers to go back this evening after rations. My line can be advanced considerably on my left at a jump without regular approaches, but it must be done in conjunction with an advance on my left, which must be all arranged before hand, otherwise I might find my advanced position by daylight flanked by the enemy. I send you a sketch* of my position, by which it will be seen I do not exaggerate in stating my line to be between 4 and 5 miles long. It was so also on May 30. The map, too, has a correct reconnaissance of the two forks of the Matadequin and of the road from Cold Harbor to Old Church, which latter is quite wrong on your map, bending there to the west instead of to the east. I would like to preserve this sketch on account of its being a record of my position.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.

---------------

*The sketch following may possibly have accompanied Warren's dispatch of May 30, 11 a. m. (see p. 338), but it is filed with the communication of June 4. Only one sketch is found.

---------------

