
break, I wish you would make sure to have your men early on the alert to prevent such an attempt from succeeding. If the attack should be made on your right or left, assist at once by flank attacks on the assaulting column.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

It is reported to me (through Colonel Hyde of your staff) that a deserter has come into your lines reporting the withdrawal of the enemy from your front. Is there anything in this?

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-7.35 a. m. (Received 8 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The deserter referred to by the major-general commanding did not report the withdrawal of the enemy from my front, but that Pickett's division had been withdrawn, from what part of the line he could not tell. The man has been confined in Castle Thunder for a long time as a deserter; was sent to the front yesterday, and I attach little importance to his statements. All the reports from my front represent matters unchanged, and the enemy in force, but the whole line is now being examined by staff officers. Any change will be promptly reported.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 4, 1864-11.38 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

As it will probably materially interfere with the approaches now in progress, I consider it inexpedient to open an artillery fire to-night, and shall not, therefore, do so unless it is done by other corps.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Near Cold Harbor, Va., June 4, 1864.

It is reported that the enemy are massing troops on the right of this corps. Division commanders will hold their commands in readiness to meet an attack should one be attempted, and will, as far as practicable, closely observe any movements in their respective fronts.

By command of Major-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

