HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS:

In pursuance of the orders already given you will advance to-night your position as much as possible toward the enemy by approaches, and I suggest that you open, if practicable, the line now held by your skirmishers, making it a continuous line of entrenchments to be occupied before daylight by your first line of battle. This line should be connected with the rear by zigzags. Possibly a greater advance may be made on some portions at least of your line.

H. G. WRIGHT,Commanding.

Please report at daylight the progress you have made.

W.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-4 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The letter, with Special Orders, Numbers 151,* did not reach my headquarters until 2.30, the orderly having lost his way, so that it will be impossible for Colonel Cesnola to move in the night as the order directed. I have retained the orderly here until the receipt of my morning reports, which have just come in. All is quiet in our front and our advanced line is well fortified. I will see General Warren at once in reference to the proposed movement to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

The orderly has gone to Colonel Cesnola.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-6.05 a. m.

General MEADE:

It is reported from my advanced line that the enemy had withdrawn from our front. We have sent out and will find where he is, if possible. I made a mistake in reporting our losses to Colonel Platt at 800 yesterday; it was about 1,000.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-6.35 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

It is now certain that the enemy has left our front and retreated down the Shady Grove road. They left just before daylight, withdrawing their skirmishers a few minutes since. Our skirmishers

---------------

*See p. 529.

---------------

