HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864-2.30 p. m.

General MEADE:

My two divisions are just starting to occupy the position which General Birney now holds, and I am just leaving to inspect the position in person. Shall return to my present headquarters very soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

JUNE 4, 1864-2.45 p. m.

(Received 2.50 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac,

at General Wright's or General Hancock's Headquarters:

I do not know why this arrangement* is made, unless to relieve Birney more quickly. Smith telegraphed, asking if Birney was to be relieved, that it might be done as soon as practicable, in order that certain entrenchments and batteries for the security of his right might be made by the troops at that point. I sent the dispatch to Warren. This is the first intimation I have had of Burnside going into Birney's place. It might interfere with the ulterior changes contemplated should it go on.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 4, 1864. (Received 5 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

Just as subsistence train arrived the order for my position came, so that I had to turn the train back before issuing. The consequence is that we have not empty wagons enough to carry off our wounded, and will have to wait until the train can get up to our new position and unload and return for the hospitals. If General Warren is to remain in his present position until near morning we will be able to get everything off, but if not I fear the wounded will have to be left, unless the cavalry could occupy the ground on our extreme right. Since writing the above I remember that General Meade told me at the quarters of General Smith that it was not likely that General Warren would move to-night, and that considerable force of cavalry had been sent around in this direction.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-5.15 p. m. (Received 5.20 p. m.)

Major General BURNSIDE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

The cavalry on the right has been considerably strengthened, and will, by its operations, protect your hospitals, certainly as long as the time mentioned by you. It is not probable General Warren will move to-night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Reference is to Burnside's dispatch, next preceding.

---------------

