
JUNE 4, 1864. (Received 4.10 p. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS:

I have arrived at General Warren's headquarters with my command, 6,350 men, who have had no rations or forage since yesterday. By General Warren's advice, I shall camp near Woody's to-night, and request to be furnished with rations at that point, if possible. I have a pontoon train and 150 wagons, containing nothing but a little baggage.

A. A. GIBSON,

Colonel of the Second Pennsylvania Vol. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 4, 1864-[8.30 a. m.]

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: I sent General Ames over this morning to consult with General Birney regarding the mutual protection of our lines. He expressed perfect willingness to co-operate with us, but informed General Ames that he was to be relieved. Under these circumstances I suppose he will scarcely feel disposed to get his men to work on his line, as he was to be relieved, probably soon. Our right flank is very weak as it is, both in men and defensive arrangements. The latter will need strong works on our flank beyond our front and the line now occupied by General Birney. I cannot possibly fill his place from my command. If he is to be relieved, other troops should be sent to fill his place, that immediate steps may be taken to complete our defenses, now in a backward state, which need co-operation of both commands.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-9.20 a. m.

Major-General SMITH,

Eighteenth Corps:

Your dispatch of 8.30 a. m. is received. General Warren is ordered to relieve General Birney and fill the vacancy from his own troops, and to contract his lines from the right. The enemy has left General Burnside's front, and he is ordered to close in on the left and occupy ground vacated by Warren, and concentrate his command. I will transmit copy of your dispatch to General Warren.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-1.15 p. m.

Major General W. F. SMITH,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as possible you issue to your troops sufficient subsistence to give the

