
sent to dislodge the enemy were fired into. Dark coming on, and the exact position of the party not being satisfactorily ascertained, the enemy were not driven back. At daylight I will attack the force on this side. The opinion of officers who were near Fisher's is that the force there is infantry. Regiments of cavalry and also of infantry have been reported to me as having been seen moving about on the opposite side. The enemy cannot advance during the night without my knowing it early enough to resist. It may be that the demonstration here is to occupy my attention whilst a cavalry force is moved off to some other point, possibly Jones' Bridge. I did not reply to the artillery fire. The enemy's sharpshooters annoyed my pickets in front during the day.

D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY, June 4, 1864.

Colonel J. I. GREGG,Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you keep one of your regiments saddled to-night, and that you keep a strong camp guard on side of your camp next the river.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Salem Church Road, June 4, 1864-7 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: All is quiet along my front; patrols have been pushed out on all the roads, except opposite Via's, without discovering the enemy. My horses have been out of forage [some] thirty hours; my men out of rations [over] a day, and being hard at work with the enemy ever since crossing the Pamunkey. Most of my horses have been kept saddled over forty-eight hours, and my command needs rest. I look, therefore, with great anxiety to the arrival of the cavalry division mentioned in your communication of last night. My command is very much worn out, but my rations and forage I hear are within 2 miles from here on their way up.

Very respectfully,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

HEADQUARTERS, White House, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: In answer to your two letters of June 4, the Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery (One hundred and twelfth Pennsylvania Volunteers), and the Tenth New York Heavy Artillery started for the front from Port Royal, Va., on the 31st May, under command of Colonel Gibson, Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery. The re-

