
turn of the troops in this command in inclosed. Trains for the army leave here at 5 and 11 a. m. and 5 p. m. The troops will be sent to you, guarding their trains, as per General Grant's order to me. No troops have left me yet with less than 80 rounds of ammunition. The general's direction with regard to six days' rations and 50 rounds ammunition will be complied with. I have as a permanent garrison to this post one regiment cavalry, about 300 men; one regiment Veteran Reserves, infantry, about 394 effective men for duty out of 900 men; one small veteran regiment of infantry, about 275 men, and one battery artillery, about 150 men; total, 1,175. Of the effective part of this force two-thirds are on constant duty, guarding subsistence and quartermaster's stores, prisoners, and in furnishing details for loading and unloading barges and wagons. I have three battalions colored troops here (small) on constant duty in the rifle-pits and works staked out by engineer officers sent by you. All the new troops that report to me will be sent forward as rapidly as possible.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, June 4, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR, Commanding:

One regiment from Johnson's Island, five from West Virginia, and one from Fort Delaware, have been ordered to report to you to be sent to General Grant. You will also prepare four regiments of the 100-days' men in defenses of Washington for the field, and send them to General Grant as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, June 4, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

Yours of 3rd, with duplicate order about Fredericksburg bridges, received at 10 a. m., when my aide was believed to be in charge of pontoon raft that just passed up. I telegraphed General Butler last night your order about these bridges, and have now telegraphed to Jamestown to intercept this raft and return here, if commanded by my officer lately on the Rappahannock, believing this to be what is desired now, although General Halleck's order was for all bridges here or at Port Royal to go up to General Butler.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-7.15 a. m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The commanding general desires you to send in a report showing what bridging material and entrenching tools have been brought by you to Fort Monroe, what you expect to receive in addition, and the disposition made of the property in your charge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

