HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, Fort Monroe, June 4, 1864. (Received 4.55 p. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS,Asst. Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

In reply to your dispatch of this date, just received, I would state that I brought here about 1,460 feet of wooden bridging, all for which I had the chess. This was sent up to General Butler on the day of its arrival, June 1, by order of General Halleck. I am expecting here to-morrow, if the weather permits it to come out of York River, the bridge that was at Fredericksburg, last placed under General Abercrombie. This was over 400 feet. I have also here for an emergency fifteen canvas boats, but no other bridging, as I had not the chess. In addition I have here in the barges the sand-bags, tools, lumber, and other material ordered by General Humphreys, according to Major Duane's schedule, on the 16th of April. I would further state that the bridging that arrived at Washington from New York since I left, I believe about 1,200 feet, has been sent, as Colonel Pettes telegraphs to-day, to Bermuda Hundred, by order of the War Department, and I presume it to be in a raft that I saw passing Rip at 9 a. m. to-day. There is no more bridging of any consequence now at the depot, and I expect no more at present.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-12 m. (Received 6.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade:

Your dispatch of 7 p. m. June 3 received. The commanding general directs that you collect at Fortress Monroe all the bridging material at your command, including that just sent to Washington from New York, and that you hold the same in readiness to be moved at very short notice, uncles you receive instructions of a contrary tenor from authority superior to the commanding general, and in that event you will promptly communicate to these headquarters any orders that may be sent you by such superior authority.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-5.20 p. m. (Received 11.15 a. m.)

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM:

The commanding general directs that the two steamers you have be turned over to the quartermaster's department, and that the property in your charge on the steamers be placed in such locality on shore that it can promptly be put afloat again when required. A dispatch was sent to you this morning directing that the bridging expected at Washington from New York be at once taken to Fortress Monroe.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

38 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

