HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 4, 1864-6.10 p. m. (Received 11.15 a. m. 5th.)

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM:

Your dispatch of this date received. I am directed by the commanding general to say that it has not been the design of any order issued here to interfere in any manner with a full compliance on your part with the instructions given you by Major-General Halleck with regard to sending bridging to General Butler. When the order directing you to collect all the bridging and hold it at Fortress Monroe subject to the orders of the commanding general, of which a copy was sent to you yesterday, was issued it was not known here that any instructions had been given you by General Halleck. The commanding general desires, however, that you will promptly communicate to him the substance of any instructions you may receive from Major-General Halleck, so that he may be kept acquainted with the condition of affairs in your charge. A pontoon bridge has been brought here to-day by the command of Colonel A. A. Gibson. Perhaps it is the one sent to Port Royal from Fredericksburg, but I cannot at the present moment ascertain this.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD, June 4, 1864. (Received 12.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

Captain Slosson has gone to White House. The New York bridge has been sent to Bermuda Hundred by the order of the War Department. There is not a foot of bridge complete here. All its balks and chess have been sent away. I shall have fourteen wooden pontoons finished in about a week. Hope to have chess and balk for them and twenty canvas boats within ten days.

W. H. PETTES,

Colonel, &amp;c.

NAVY-YARD, Washington, June 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

The bridge from New York has been sent to Bermuda Hundred by Department orders.

W. H. PETTES,

Colonel, &c.

BERMUDA, June 4, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

The Mayflower has arrived loaded with ammunition from the fort. When about 18 miles this side of Newport News two field pieces opened upon her from the left-hand side of the river; coming up 4 miles this side of Day's Point, 40 shots were fired, but only 1 went through the vessel, doing no damage. Jamestown Island, Fort Powhatan, and Wilson's Landing have been notified of the attack by the master of the Mayflower.

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

