
COLD HARBOR, VA., June 5, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Confederate Army:

It is reported to me that there are wounded men, probably of both armies, now lying exposed and suffering between the lines occupied respectively by the two armies. Humanity would dictate that some provision should be made to provide against such hardships. I would propose, therefore, that hereafter when no battle is raging either party be authorized to send to any point between the pickets or skirmish lines, unarmed men bearing litters to pick up their dead or wounded without being fired upon by the other party. Any other method equally fair to both parties you may propose for meeting the end desired, will be accepted by me.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date proposing that hereafter, except in time of action, either party be at liberty to remove the dead and wounded from between the lines. I fear that such an arrangement will lead to misunderstanding and difficulty. I propose, therefore, instead, that when either party desires to remove their dead or wounded, a flag of truce be sent, as is customary. It will always afford me pleasure to comply with such a request as far as circumstances will permit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 28. Cold Harbor, Va., June 5, 1864.

1. Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty to the lieutenant-general commanding, is hereby announced as chief engineer of the armies in the field, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Camp near Cold Harbor, June 5, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the White House depot is fully established and in most efficient operation. All needful supplies of

