
subsistence, forage, clothing, entrenching tools, &amp;c., are on hand there for issue. Wharves are built and assigned for the accommodation of different staff departments. The depot is under the immediate charge of Captain P. P. Pitkin, assistant quartermaster who has competent force of officers, employes, and material, and who can transfer the establishment to James River in a few hours' notice. The depots for this army have been established and kept up generally under my direct supervision and orders and local commanders have never been permitted to interfere with the details. It is not these headquarters and our depot, but to avoid the possibility of such an occurrence, I would most respectfully suggest that the general commanding announce in orders that I shall be charged with direct location, organization and supervision of our depots, under his general directions. Such duties have actually been performed by me. it is so understood by the Quartermaster-General. I would ask that the commander of the troops at White House station be instruct to furnish guards, &c., for the protection of the depot, and to picket all the approaches to it. There should be a force at Cumberland, near the bar. He should have a chief quartermaster immediately under his orders, who can provide supplies for his command, by requisition, in the usual and prescribed manner, and who should make the necessary reports to me.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

June 5, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A private from the Thirty-fourth North Carolina Regiment (Scales' brigade) came into our lines voluntarily this morning about 10 o'clock. He represents Scales' brigade as being on the extreme right of A. P. Hill's corps, and touching a swamp at the source of a stream running into the Chickahominy below Duane's Bridge. At this point Wilcox's division forms a very abrupt turn, dome 250 yards in front of the Adams house. General Scales' headquarters are at the Adams house. On the opposite side of this swamp the line is continued by General Hoke's command, which extends to the Chickahominy. Information is certain that Hoke's old brigade, Clingman's, and he thinks a South Carolina brigade, are commanded by Hoke. General Elzey's reserve, consisting of Government employes and the home guard of Richmond, are opposite General Hoke's line on the south side of the Chickahominy. Informant left Richmond on Wednesday morning last, with 30 other conscripts that were assigned to Scales' brigade. They first reported at the headquarters of the provost-marshal-general to the left of the Mechanicsville turnpike, about 3 miles from Richmond. He saw here a large amount of cavalry, said to be William H. F. Lee's division. The cavalry guard said they were preparing for a raid on our right in the direction of Fredericksburg. Informant

