
saw negroes at work on fortifications about 2 miles out of the city which were very extensive; also at work leveling off old fortifications between this line and the Chickahominy. Informed says that in a conversation between General Scales and another officer he heard the general say that they had only one line of battle; informant could not say whether he meant the entire line or was only speaking of his own division. He knows very little of the line except about hew own brigade. He thinks breckinridge is on the left of Wilcox's division. General Lee's headquarters are at the house of Dr. Gaines.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

P. S.-Captain Pame, topographical engineer, was present during the examination of this man.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 5, 1864-6 a. m.

Corps commanders will report the condition of affairs on their front, and what progress, if any, was made during the night in advancing on the enemy.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 153. June 5, 1864.

* * * *

2. The troops composing the command brought to this army by Colonel A. A. Gibson, Second Pennsylvania Artillery, are assigned as follows, and will join their respective commands without delay: Twenty-seventh New York Battery, to Ninth Corps, to which it be longs; Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, to Eighteenth Corps; Tenth New York Heavy Artillery, to Eighteenth Corps; One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to Fifth Corps; Second Maryland Volunteers, to Fifth Corps;*detachments Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, Second Corps, to which this regiment belongs; detachments Ninth New York Heavy Artillery Sixth Corps, to which the regiment belongs; detachment Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers, Fifth Corps, to which the regiment belongs; detachments One hundred and fortieth and One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Second Corps, to which the regiments belong; First Delaware Cavalry (dismounted and armed as infantry), Sixth Army Corps; Lieutenant C. H. Peirce and detachments Battery F, Third Artillery, and C, Fourth Artillery, Cavalry Corps, with which the batteries are serving; detachment Twenty-second New York Cavalry, Cavalry Corps, to which the regiment belongs. Lieutenant Day, with the detachment of engineer troops under his command, will report at these headquarters for orders.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

*Changed to the Ninth Corps by paragraph 4, of same orders.

