
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 5, 1864-4 p. m.

The following movements and changes are ordered for to-night, and will commence as soon after dark as practicable:

1. Major-General Warren will withdraw and move by way of Old Church to the vicinity of Leary's about 2 miles in rear of Cold Harbor, where he will remain in reserve, prepared to move wherever required.

2. Major-General Burnside will change his position, keeping his left united with General Smith's right, in the best manner the ground admits of, and extend along Roundabout Creek, and the Matadequin, past Allen's Mill, toward the fork of Old Church road, near the crossing of the Matadequin.

3. Major-General Smith will modify his right in the manner required by this change of position of General Burnside.

4. Brigadier-General Ferro will hold his command ready to move on the morning of the 6th.

5. Major-General Hancock will extend his picket or skirmish line, with strong supports, to the nearest point of the Chickahominy, relieving the cavalry pickets in that space.

6. Major-General Sheridan will hold two divisions of his cavalry ready to carry out at the time to be indicated, the special instructions which will be given him. A brigade of the remaining division will be posted at Old Church, and picket from the right of General Burnside to the Pamunkey. The other brigade will picket the Chickahominy from the left of General Hancock. The changes in the position of the cavalry will be made at such time and by such routes as not to interfere with the movements of the infantry.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SECOND CORPS,

June 5, 1864-7.45 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

I shall have a detailed report of operations last night at 8 o'clock . My information now is that the two advanced points in front of General Gibbon and General Barlow are partially connected by a rifle-pit, which will be about 300 yards long when completed, and some 15 or 20 yards nearer the enemy than the one now held.

WINF' D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

SECOND CORPS,

June 5, 1864- 1 p. m.

General WILLIAMS:

Can any arrangement be made by which the wounded in front of Barlow can be removed? I understand men wounded on the 3rd are still lying there.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

