HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to state that the information upon which statement of Major-General Meade, above referred to by Major-General Hancock, is entirely erroneous. My front line has not been driven one inch from position assumed by me immediately after the assault on the morning of the 3rd instant, although attacked three several times.

I have the honor, to be your obedient servant,

JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In reply to the foregoing communication I have the honor to state that the report is false, and that on the contrary my command handsomely repulsed the enemy, took about 30 prisoners, including a lieutenant, and captured over 200 rifle muskets left in front of my line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. SMYTH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,June 5, 1864.

This communication was referred to General Owen and Colonel Smyth as a matter of form, for I felt sure, from the reports received at the time, from the fact that I found none of my command straggling to the rear, that the firing did not advance, and from the reflection that had my first and only line been broken, the enemy could not probably have been checked before that line had rallied, behind my second line of rifle-pits, that General Meade's information was entirely erroneous. I should be pleased to know his authority for a statement which is so opposed to the facts of the case.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Fifth indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Williams, assistant adjutant-general, Army of the Potomac.

Colonel Smyth sent in 1 lieutenant and 33 enlisted men that night. Some heavy artillery, engaged as a working party, without

