
a short, time to enable our troops to bring off the wounded in our front. The command will be held in readiness to cease firing at a moments's notice. During the truce, not a man or officer, will be permitted outside the works, nor will they show themselves to the enemy in any manner. Regimental commander will be held rigidly responsible that these orders are fully carried out. Notice will be given in dire time if the truce is agreed upon. This information is published for the present for the information of regimental commanders only.

By order of Colonel Beaver, commanding brigade:

CHAS. P. HATCH,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864- 1 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I am just informed by Lieutenant Houghton, of Colonel McIntosh's cavalry, that nearest picket is 2 from my right flank. I am not capable of maintaining any position, whatever, if that is all the co-operation I am to have. Officers being informed that two division of cavalry are on my right flank, it but gives me false assurances of being timely warned of the enemy's flank movements.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864-1.20 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I would be obliged to you if you would not open fire from your left, as we are taking wounded over the road, and it would cause much annoyance to them.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-1.50 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Your dispatch of 1 a. m. is received. I have transmitted a copy of it to General Sheridan, commanding cavalry on the right and informed him that the instructions to the cavalry on the right are to picket from the right of the infantry to the Pamunkey and to attack the rear of the left of the enemy. I am instructed to say that the commanding general expects the commander of the infantry corps on the right and the commander of the cavalry there to keep each other advised of every change that takes place in the position of each.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

39 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT. III

