HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 5, 1864-3.30 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Your dispatch* of 1 a. m. is received. My instructions are to cover the right flank of the army from the incursions of the enemy. this duty requires me to watch a line least 4 miles in length. I don't understand that I am to place my command in your front, or to dispose it specially to take care of your flank, but my first object is to cover our trains, and in doing so to afford as much protection to this flank of the army as possible, by giving timely warning of all that I may learn of movements of the enemy. So much for general instructions, but permit me to observe, general that till the receipt of your note. I had no information of your being on the right. My pickets and patrols are directed to connect and keep up communication with the right flank of the infantry line, and will do so as long as possible, but the infantry should not rely too much upon me for close connections, since I have so much country not only to watch but to guard from attacks of cavalry. I will instruct Colonel McIntosh, commanding the brigade at Haw's Shop, to do all in his power to keep you informed of rebel movements. General Torbert's division I understand to be close to your lines and sent to assistant in the duties my division has been performing. It might be well to open communication with him. He s somewhere on the road from Linney's to Cold Harbor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

WARREN'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 5, 1684-7.45 a. m.

General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Affairs remain the same as last evening. With all my preparations, I was unable to make any advance during the night.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-11.45 a. m. (Received 12.05 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that you will be withdrawn to-night by the right, and will probably move by the road past Parsley's Mill, Hopkins' Mill, Woody's, &amp;c. General Burnside will be withdrawn, also and take position form the right of General Smith along the main branch of the Matadequin, past Allen's Mill toward the Old Church road. General Ferrero will take post at the forks of the Old Church road where it breaches to Cold Harbor, to Parsley's, &c., and extend right and left. The major-general commanding directs that you make the preliminary arrangements for this movement. Further instructions will be sent you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

*See quotation in Wilson to Humphreys, 4 a. m., p. 631.

