
in advantageous positions during the day. I will have Major Morton send you a sketch of our new line as soon as it is established. Our rations were issued during the night and this morning, and all our wounded have been loaded and started for the rear. The artillery horses your ordered here yesterday are being distributed and our batteries will be in good trim before night. There is some difficultly in supplying forage, but we hope to overcome it.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-10.50 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that your position will be changed to-night and that it will extend from the right of General Smith, near the Widow Thomas' [Thompson's], along the main branch of the Matadequin past Allen's Mill, toward the road from Old Church where it forks to Cold Harbor, to Parsley's, &amp;c. General Fererro will be directed to hold this fork and extend right and left. It is understood you will in the mean time, make all the preliminary arrangements for the charge.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: Brigadier General James H. Ledlie, commanding a brigade in the First Division of this corps, I understand has not been confirmed, and as Congress adjourns to-morrow he will be out of service unless he is confirmed on that day. He has behaved with great energy and gallantry since joining this command and I beg that you will if possible have the Senate confirm his nomination to-morrow.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864-11.50 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I understand from one of my officers that Major Duane informed him that we were ordered to take a new position. I have received no such order, and lest it may have miscarried, I send this dispatch requesting duplicate.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

