
the to head of Allen's mill-pond. The redoubt which is being built in front, on the right of General Smith's line, with the works connecting with it, will require nearly a brigade to hold, it and even with that it would be a very unsafe position, and the line form that point to Allen's Mill is certainly 2 1/2 miles long, and from there to General Ferrero's position over a mile long. If we take up the line directed in the order will have but few obstructions in front, whilst we will have in rear of a greater portion of our line impassable swamps and ponds. I am clearly of the opinion that the line from here to the head of Smith's pond, thence to Allen's Mill along its south side, is altogether the strongest line. Will you be kind enough to lay this before the commanding general at once, and let me know the decision, as in either case nearly the entire line will have to be count through the woods.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your dispatch received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that if you prefer to remain on your present line you can do so. General Warren will, however, withdraw, as directed. The commanding general desires a reply to this a soon as possible.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-6.35 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

General Warren reports that he has been obliged to withdraw a brigade from his left to meet threatening attacks elsewhere, leaving a picket-line there. The commanding general wishes you to look out for that part of General Warren's line.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. 3rd DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-7.20 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The enemy's cavalry in small force have been feeling my picket-line from Butler's toward your right. They came down from the direction of Mechanicsville to Gibson's. My skirmishers have driven them off, and I shall send the Second New York to move out on a reconnaissance. The line to-night will consist of two regiments, under command of Colonel Harhaus, who will communicate with you.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

