HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,June 5, 1864-12 midnight.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy's skirmishers advanced on my front at about 8.30 p. m., but were repulsed by ours. At the same time they threw canister on us from their right guns. At a late hour, when Colonel Christ was relieving his pickets, they opened again, but not with any artillery. The work on the redoubts which the rebels commenced this a. m. to the left of my line and in front of General Smith was discontinued this p. m. Two guns meantime were put in position and opened on General Smith at the first advance. I would but no trees are heard to fall. These several indications may possibly signify that the rebels are leaving my front. The skirmishers report that they hear wheels moving toward our left. Colonel Christ seems to think it probable that they are leaving. The work on the redoubt, &amp;c., will continue, and if ready before daylight I will put in some guns.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Burnside will not occupy the line of the Matadequin, as directed in the order of to-day, but will merely throw back his right to one of the branches of that stream. The cavalry picketing on the right will not be established at Old Church, but at Linney's. The commanding general directs that you concentrate your troops at Old Church.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864-1 a. m.

General MEADE:

The firing on my line was on account of an attempt of the enemy to advance his picket-line under heavy musketry, but it did not succeed.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The artillery firing in my vicinity heard to-night was from my own guns, and was begun because the enemy had opened on me with

