HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Captain HILL,

Acting Chief Commissary of Subsistence, 18th Corps:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding desires me to say that he has reported the state of affairs at White House to General Meade, but with evidently no good result. He (General Smith) directs that you turn everything, except what you have started forward, over to the Army of the Potomac, and with you assistants, guard,&amp;c., join us as soon as possible.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to send a staff officer at once to General Willcox, to ascertain the exact condition of affairs on your right, the position of his line, his pickets, artillery, &c., which please report as soon as possible to these headquarters. It may be necessary to make an official report of the same, so please instruct your aide to make a thorough personal inspection.

Respectfully, &c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If the aide reports the redoubt occupied only be a strong picket reserve, report to me in writing, and throw your right regiment back along the creek or swamp, its left resting on the right battery.

By command, &c.:

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-1.20 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

By the direction of the major-general commanding I inclose a copy of a dispatch* just received from Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps now on the right of the army. The instructions to the cavalry on the right are to picket from the right of the infantry to the Pamunkey, and to attack the rear of the left of the enemy. The commanding general expects communication to be maintained between the cavalry commander on the right and the commander of the infantry corps on that flank, so that they will be mutually advised of every change that takes place in the position of each other.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

*See Warren to Humphreys, 1 a. m. June 5, p. 609.

