HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Old Church Tavern, June 5, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

General Wilson reports the connections with General Warren complete since some time last night, and the reason why the connection was broken the withdrawal of some army corps without any notification to the cavalry. Infantry commanders are very quick to give the alarm when their flanks are uncovered, but manifest inexcusable stupidity about the safety of cavalry flanks.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Your note of this morning is received. The cavalry on the right were directed to picket from the right of the army (which when changes then going on were completed would be in the vicinity of bethesda Church) through Haw's Shop to the Pamunkey. Yesterday morning the enemy were found to have withdrawn from Burnside's front which has been "en potence," and Warren and Burnside were directed to contract the left, so that the right of the army would rest as it had been before ordered to do, near Bethesda Church. General Burnside was in constant communication with to the cavalry the contraction of his line and pickets, by which the pickets, not the position of the cavalry, would be modified. Subsequently, and after this contraction on the part of Burnside and Warreb had been in progress, to expedite the relief of certain troops on the left, General Warren's contraction was stopped and General Burnside was transferred to his left, the right of General Warren, resting in the vicinity of Bethesda Church. This change of orders was made some hours after the direction to contract had been given, and did not change the right of the army, which, whether Burnside or Warren formed it, was to rest near Bethesda Church. The commanding general directs me to says that the commanders of infantry corps are instructed to keep in communication with the commanders of cavalry on their flanks, but that they have sometimes reported they have been unable, with the means disposal, to do so, and that they could find neither the cavalry pickets not the commanders of them. A close constant communication should be kept up between the cavalry and the infantry on the flanks.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to furnish the following instructions for guidance in the execution of the duty

