
these division and hold them in readiness to carry out the order furnished me this evening? I propose to send one brigade of General Wilson's division to relieve General Gregg's command, now on the left of the army, and hold the other brigade of said division on the right of the army, to take with me the divisions of Generals, Gregg and Torbert.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Old Church Tavern, June 5, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: the inclosed report, received from Brigadier-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, stating everything quiet on his front.

P H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Bottom's Bridge, Va., June 5, 1864-8.45 a. m.

Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report all quiet here this morning. During the night the enemy recrossed the river at Fisher's Ford. at this ford on the south side of the river the enemy have dug riflepits and have a number of sharpshooters. It is probable that they crossed to this side with the purpose of capturing our dismounted men along the river under cover of their artillery fire.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 5, 1864.

Major M. H. BEAUMONT,

Commanding Dismounted Battalion, Second Div., Cav. Corps:

MAJOR: The Thirteenth Ohio Mounted Infantry having been assigned to this division, Major Cherry, commanding, has been ordered to reported with the portion of his regiment now mounted at the dismounted battalion of the division. You will at once proceed to dismount the force under command of Major Cherry. The horses and equipments you will use in mounting and equipping the dismounted veterans of the division. Should there be more than enough horses to mount the veterans, you will in mounting dismounted men give preference to those of the First Brigade of this division. The Thirteenth Ohio Mounted Infantry, dismounted, will remain with your battalion, and you will forward the mounted veterans to the division with the least practicable delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

