HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 5, 1864-4 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The following has just been received from General Warren:
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH. ARMY CORPS,June 5, 1864- 1. a. m.

General WILSON:

I understand from headquarters Army of the Potomac that you are to watch my right and give me notice any efforts to turn it. Lieutenant Houghton informs me that your nearest pickets are 2 miles off from my flank. On May 30 I was told that the cavalry would guard my flank, and they did not, so that the enemy attacked me from where they should have been. If your instructions do not require you to connect with me, then i am misinformed by high authority.

It is difficult, particularly during the night, to keep up close communication with the right of the army, and to watch at the same time effectually the movements of the enemy. The line for me to guard from the right flank of the army to the Pamunkey is too long for my division alone. Would it not be well to order General Torbert who is with his command near Cold Harbor to this vicinity, with a view have to him perform part of the duty? I have not been informed of the movements on our line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch of 4 a. m. is received. The enemy having withdrawn from General Burnside's front yesterday morning. General warren and General Burnside were directed to contract to the left, so that the right of the army (the right of the Ninth Corps) would rest in the vicinity of Bethesda Church. As General Burnside was in constant communication with you at the time, it was expected that he would communicate to you the changes required in his picket-line, by which to govern yours. It required no change of your position, merely of a part of your picket-line. Several hours subsequently, and when the contraction had partly taken place. General Burnside was directed to transfer his corps to the left of General Warren, in order to expedite the relief of certain troops there, General warren's right taking the place of General Burnside's right in the vicinity of Bethesda Church. The order requiring another cavalry division to be sent to the right of the army directed it to united to yours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

