
and capable chief engineer of the Army of the Potomac, Major Duane. I noticed the great value of Coehorm mortars in the trenches of this position. Whether needed here or not, similar circumstances may arise elsewhere, and I mention them under the impression that if needed the Ordnance Department may not be able to furnish be well to collect a siege train at Fort Monroe.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Armies in the Field.

COLD HARBOR, VA., June 6, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

Your communication of yesterday's date is received. I will send immediately, as you propose, to collect the dead and wounded between the lines of the two armies, and will also instruct that you be allowed to do the same. I propose that the time for doing this be between the hours of 12 m. and 3 p. m. to-day. I will direct all parties going out to bear a white flag, and not to attempt to go beyond where we have dead or wounded, and not beyond or on ground occupied by your troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 6, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date and regret to find that I did not make myself understood in my communication of yesterday. I intended to say that I could not consent, to the burial of the dead and the removed of the wounded between the armies in the way you propose, but that when either party desire such permission it shall be asked for by flag of truce in the usual way.

Until I receive a proposition from you on the subject to which I can accede with propriety, I have directed any parties you may send under white flags as mentioned in your letter to be turned back.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

COLD HARBOR, VA., June 6, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

The knowledge that wounded men are now suffering from want of attention, between the two armies, compels me to ask a suspension of hostilities for sufficient time to collect them in, say two hours. Permit me to say that the hours you may fix upon for this will be

