
agreeable to me, and the same privilege will be extended to such parties as you may wish to send out on the same duty, without further application.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 6, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: I regret that your letter of this date asking a suspension of hostilities to enable you to remove your wounded from between the two armies was received at so late an hour as to make it impossible to give the necessary directions so as to enable you to effect your purpose by daylight.

In order that the suffering of wounded may not be further protracted, I have ordered that any parties you may send out for the purpose between, the hours of 8 an 10 p. m. to-day shall not be molested, and will avail myself of the privilege extended to those from this army to collect any of its wounded that may remain upon the field.

I will direct our skirmishers to be drawn, close to our lines between the hours indicated, with the understanding that at the expiration of the time they be allowed to resume their position without molestation, and that during the interval all military movements be suspended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 6, 1864. (Received 7 a. m. 7th.)

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Office, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Apparently no change in enemy's position opposite Bottom's Bridge. A small earth-work has been erected since last evening on the Garthright plantation, about 600 yards west of the river. This work can be seen from Savage's farm on east side of the river. There are no guns in it. The floor of the railroad bridge over the Chickahominy with the track upon it is in good order. On the railroad, about 250 yards south of the bridge, the enemy have in position on the track a movable iron-clad battery, with one port-hole in it. This battery presents the appearance of being a burden car having at one end a shield of iron plating sloping upward from the ground sufficient high to protect the smoke stack of a locomotive, which is in the rear, and extending in width 3 or 4 feet each side of the track. Steam has been kept up in the engine all day. The range of this battery covers the railroad bridge and the track of the distance of half a mile. To our of this battery are two earth-works, in one of which a gun can be seem. These works have the range of the railroad bridge and track for half a mile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HILL,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

