HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 6, 1864-7.30 p. m.

[General HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: H. Herrin, Thirteenth North Carolina, Wilcox's division, deserter, who gives strong proof of his good faith, and is intelligent, says that his division lies in front of a large frame house to the (enemy's) right of the point where the line of the Second Corps is so near the enemy; that he heard his officers say that we were going to put siege guns in position where the lines are so close; that they thought one was brought up last night and changed their lines and works a little; that when he went back to-day to the ammunition train with others, he was hold by his captain that they were to charge the lines in front of his division to-night in order to get possession of the position of our skirmish line. He speaks of seeing troops from the west to-day on his way back for ammunition, which I make out to be Breckinridge's, and is quite sure that the enemy is lying in a single line.

Respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 6, 1864-9 a. m.

Corps commanders are notified that an application has been made to General Lee for a cessation of hostilities from 12 to 3 p. m. this day, during which time parties will be permitted to collect the dead and wounded now lying between our lines and those of the enemy. Corps commanders will accordingly make the necessary preparatory arrangements, so that, on their being notified of the proposed truce being agreed upon,they can bring in their dead and wounded at the earliest moment.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

june 6, 1864-1.30 p. m.

The commanding general directs that corps commanders continue pushing up their works to the enemy, especially during the night. They will establish batteries wherever, they can be used with advantage, not only for their own fronts, but for those of the corps adjoining. The chief quartermaster will furnish forage sacks and sand-bags upon application.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 154. June 6, 1864.

1. The chief quartermaster of this army is charged, under the general instructions of the commanding general, with the direct location, organization, and supervision of the depots of the army.

* * * *

