
6. Corps and other independent commanders will cause a report to be made to them of the difference between the subsistence supplies that there should be in the possession, of the troops, in accordance with the issue heretofore ordered, and the supplies actually in their possession, so that the losses occasioned by battle, fording of streams and other causes, may be ascertained. An issue will then be authorized of the stores so lost, so that the number of day's supplies that there should be in the possession of the men, in accordance with the orders of issues alluded to, may actually be in their possession. No other extra issue will be authorized. The wagons emptied by such issue will be sent to White House at once to be filled, accompanied by such officers of the subsistence department as may be necessary.

7. Corps and other independent commanders will at once ascertain the number of unarmed men in their respective commands, and will then take immediate measures, through their ordnance officers and the ordnance officer at the headquarters, to obtain from the depot at the With House the necessary supplies to arm and equip their unarmed men.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 6, 1864-8 a. m.

[General HANCOCK:]

GENERAL: In order to obviate any existing difficulty about two lines, I have directed that one brigade of the two General Barlow has in the second line be moved to the left some 100 yards, so as to be more nearly opposite General Barlow's line. The other brigade will be left opposite Gibbon, in the breast-work in the corner of the wood. This is necessary for the reason that the brigades of Birney's division are much larger than those of the First Division.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

NINTH ARMY CORPS,

June 6, 1864.

General HANCOCK:

I beg to send for your information a dispatch* sent by me to General Meade this morning, and the indications are that they are either concentrating against some part of the line to the left of us, or leaving the entire front of the line.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

(Same to Wright and Smith.)

*See Burnside to Meade, 6.15 a. m., p. p. 653.

41 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

