
This Turkey Ridge appears to be the last high ground on this side of the river in front of our left. The enemy hold it, and have artillery there. It is a high ridge, covered with pines, with an open valley between it and our line. A deserter this evening states that there is an open filed behind it of several hundred acres. It makes an excellent bridge-head for the enemy. On the other side of the Chickahominy there is some very high open ground, and several houses, which we can see from Birney's line, which may or may not be Dr. Trent's.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.

SECOND CORPS,

June 6, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

General Birney's line extends to the mill and one brigade on the high ground beyond to the left. From that position we picket to the Chickahominy, a half mile or so. I have just returned from the stream down to or near Bottom's Bridge. I also saw a cavalry officer from whom I understood that there were only 60 cavalry between my left and Bottom's Bridge. I thought one or two regiments were there. If this is really I would to know it. I send up a deserter this afternoon. He talks very freely; says they intend attacking Birney; that they are building a bridge on the Chickahominy behind the extension of Turkey Ridge; thinks their right rests on that ridge, which is close in front of Birney. He extends beyond it. The enemy have artillery on it. He says he saw a new corps come in there this p. m. Birney is in one line, with strong entrenchments.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 6, 1864-8.10 p. m. (Received 8.15 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

The commanding general understands from your dispatch that the enemy's infantry pickets are on this side the Chickahominy as far down as Bottom's Bridge, and wishes to know whether this is from any observation of your own, or is reported to you, and to what extent it has been examined into.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 6, 1864-8.45 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My informant was Major-General Birney, who informed me that enemy's pickets were just this side of the river,

