
night. They will establish batteries wherever they can be used with advantage, not only for their own front but for these of the division adjoining. Grain bags will be furnished upon application.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 6, 1864-7 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Referring to the inclosed diagram,* I have the honor to report that during last night the parallel marked K I was extended some 6 or 7 yards. That the work running from K toward H was extended about 6 yards. That on the left the work running from H toward K, was extended some yards.

The enemy kept up a sharp fire during parts of the night, and we are so near their work that scarcely anything more can be done at night than by day. The distance of K, H from the enemy's works is about 30 yards at the line where it was nearest; that is, on the right. It will gradually retire on the left (as indicated by diagram), to conform to the crest which is it built. This morning I have directed a mine to be run from point in K I under the enemy's work at the angle. We will push these operations as fast as possible, our close proximity to the enemy being taken into account.

BARLOW,

General, First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 6, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have ordered my two brigades of the second line to relieve the troops of General Birney in the second line of General Gibbon. I have the honor to state for the information of the major-general commanding that this movement will leave me no troops in the second line of breast-works. I shall have two or three small regiments in the rear of the advanced line as supports, but otherwise my line will be single.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,]

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I do not think we should succeed in an assault in my front. We might perhaps carry the first weak line, but I am of opinion that their second line is very strong,

*Not found.

