
and that in passing from the first to the second line of the enemy's works, we should encounter a fire of artillery and infantry from all sides, which we could not go through. We could not hold the outer side of the enemy's first line, because it is in like manner swept from all sides. If we carried this first, line which could only be with loss, we could not hold it. And even this success would be very doubtful. There is no ground where troops could be formed for attack, and even when formed they would be broken up in passing over our own entrenchments. I do not think it expedient to assault again at present. The men feel just at present a great horror and dread of attacking earth-works again, and the unusual loss of officers, which leaves regiments in command of lieutenants, and brigades in command of inexperienced officers, leaves us in a very unfavorable condition for such enterprises. It the had been make on the evening of the 2nd, as at first ordered, I think we should have found the enemy unprepared; but having had four days for preparation, I think it would be hazardous to attack.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S. - I think the men are so wearied and worn out by the harassing labors of the past week they are wanting in the spirit and dash necessary for successful assaults.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,June 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: Last night the right of my line of picket rifle-pits was strengthened and part of it now forms a continuous line, the right connecting with the main line Sixth Corps. It was found impracticable to connect it with their picket-line last night. I shall they to push this line forward on the right to-night. On the left General Owen has pushed forward at one point about 20 feet, from which point he hopes to be able to harass the enemy to his left and front. He needs sand-bags or gabions very much. Colonel Smyth connects his picket-line trench with General Owen's right, as is pushing it along his own front. On the right of his line the ground is very difficult to work in and not much can be done. This is also the case in the front of Colonel Ramsey, Fourth Brigade. Sketches whoring all the positions will be forwarded as soon as they can be prepared.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 6, 1864-11.40 a. m.

Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: Your communication asking for my judgment in regard to the practicability of an assault on the enemy's works in my front is just received.

