
If the enemy occupy the crossing of the Po in such force as to prevent you using it, then you will hold the north side at Standard's Mill until your whole column is passed, and move to Guiney's Bridge. General Wright will follow you and will cover the crossing the Po for his own corps. At Guiney's Bridge you will receive further directions if you are forced to take that road. If successful in crossing at Stanard's, your march will end at thornburg.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 21, 1864-7 a.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you detail a party of 500 men to report to Major Morton at these headquarters as soon as possible. They will bring with them their intrenching tools. A proper guard for this working party will be furnished by General Potter. You will please have them report at the earliest possible moment.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

D. R. LARNED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION PICKET-LINE, May 21, 1864.

Lieutenant C. J. MILLS,A. A. A. G., First Division, Ninth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have advanced the picket-line according to orders. The picket-line on the left of this division I did not move as it did form an acute angel with the line of the Fifth Corps. The right is advanced about 80 rods, and is within 25 rods of the enemy's pickets, which are strongly posted on a ridge, which runs through an open field directly in our front. The enemy's rifle-pits are very strong and cannot be taken, in my opinion, by the skirmish line. I have lost several men in making the advance.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

H. H. RICHARDSON,

Major 21st Mass. Vols., Div. Officer of Day, 1st Div., 9th A. C.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Near Spotsylvania Court-House, May 21, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,Commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Army Corps:

Since the writing of instructions to you last evening, the whole of our supply trains have been ordered forward from Fredericksburg to Guiney's Station. Immediately upon the rear of these trains passing your lines, you will follow them whit your command, and take up such position at Guiney's Station as to best protect and cover them from the enemy at that point.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

5 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

