
Robinson. The latter officer is not a satisfactory commander in battle, and neutralizes the efficiency of one of our best brigades. Can he not be detailed to assist at the White House with General Abercrombie, or in some similar position where his defects, which are mainly slowness of thinking in action, will not be son injurious?

Respectfully, yours,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

So far as the commanding general is aware there is no special service to which Colonel Robinson can be properly assigned at the present time.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 6, 1864.

Division commanders and commander of Artillery Brigade are notified that the baggage wagons now here are to be sent back as soon as possible to-day. The baggage and effects of dead and wounded officers must be at once selected out and packet in wagons to be sent to Washington, and all officers are required to take out what little baggage they need, and pack the remainder to be sent to the rear, as but one wagon will be allowed to each regiment.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDER.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 6, 1864-11 p.m.

The divisions of Generals Cutler and Griffin, under the command of the latter officer, will proceed to-morrow morning at 3.30 a.m. to the Chickahominy, near Sumner's (lower) Bridge, and take position there. Their duty will be to guard the crossings of the river and picket its banks from the left of the Second Corps to below the railroad bridge, holding this last point in some force. If any of the enemy are on this side of the stream they will be driven back across to the other side. The cavalry pickets will be relieved between the points indicated, and they are instructed to picket the river below the railroad. The main body will be held in readiness to support General Hancock's left flank as far as practicable, and will communicate with General Birney, whose division is holding the left of the Second Corps. A guide will be furnished the head of the column as it passes corps headquarters. General Griffin's division, with his artillery, will take the lead, to be followed by General Cutler.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

