HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 6, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

In reply to your dispatch of 10.45 a.m., I have to say that I consider a successful assault on the enemy's works in my front "under existing condition of affairs" impracticable. The enemy has a series of intrenchments in my front, and if I were successful in the attack on the first line it is not likely I could carry the others if defended with ordinary obstinacy. In this opinion I am supported by the unanimous judgment of the division commanders, who were called upon for a report as to the practicability of assault on their fronts, either with their own divisions or their divisions supported by other troops.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

June 6, 1864.

Division commanders will report at once their opinions as to the practicability of an assault on the position of the enemy, in their respective fronts, either by their own divisions, or by the three divisions supported by other troops.

By command of Major-General Wright:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 6, 1864-6.15 a.m.

General MEADE:

In changing position last night I placed Crittenden's division in position from the Woody house nearly in the direction indicated by you yesterday, the lay of the ground not allowing it to be thrown forward quite so far as you wish. I left Willcox and Potter in the same position they were yesterday with the expection of throwing two regiments on Potter's extreme right back, so as to cover the two roads from Bethesda Church to this point. General Potter just reports, that he is of the opinion that there is no enemy in either of his immediate fronts, and the indications were last night that they were preparing to leave the front of General Willcox. He has just reported that he can see no change yet. We will endeavor to ascertain, as soon as possible, the exact state of affairs and report to you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 6, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

In order that you may understand more fully what I mean by saying that the indications were that the enemy was last night preparing

