HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 6, 1864-7.15 p.m .(Received 7.50 p.m.)

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

We have been as hard at work at the redoubts as the rebel sharpshooters would allow. I most respectfully state that General Smith's right is quite secure, as we have two good divisions on his right, and hold the salient which protect it. Our line is three times as long as his. He is running two new lines in rear of ours. I hope he will not withdraw to them without notice to us.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 6, 1864-10 p.m. (Received 10.15 p.m.)

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

General Potter in pushing out his skirmishers just now took some prisoners. They state that they belong to Early's division, of Ewell's corps; that their corps is here, and Hill's moving to their right; that it is reported in their army that we are moving down to cross the James River.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JUNE 6, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: By order of Colonel McIntosh, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps, I have the honor to report that I am stationed on the road in front of Bosher's house with about 500 men of the Second New York and First Connecticut Cavalry. I have established pickets and barricaded the roads, viz, the road leading off to the right called the Shady Grove road, the main road, and the road leading to the left, near Gibson's house, on which I was ordered to establish communication with General Potter's command. One of the officers of Colonel McIntosh's staff informs me that it would be impracticable to-night to try to open this road, as the enemy is on it considerable force. I shall, however, try at daylight to-morrow morning to force such communication if possible, and find out what is in front of my command. The only communication between General Potter's command and this brigade is by the way of Allen's Mill.

I should be much obliged to be informed if this line is satisfactory, and have the honor, general, to be,most respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTTO HARHAUS,

Colonel Second New York Cavalry, Commanding Picket Post.

At Bosher's house the enemy have deployed a strong line of skirmishers, and have also two guns in position.

