HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: On arriving at the White House you will establish a cavalry camp at some safe and convenient point, where the cavalry returning to the army can be collected and cared for. You will take charge of the horses arriving for the Cavalry Corps, superintending the mounting of the veterans now with the trains of the army. Use every effort to get all the dismounted men from the trains to your command. If this can be accomplished it will overcome the error of mounting recruits instead of veterans. The mounted men should be sent to their regiments in detachments as quickly as possible. You will if possible procure carbines for the Third New Jersey Cavalry. If you are unable to obtain carbines arm them with rifles for the present. Major Beaumont, First New Jersey Cavalry, now commanding dismounted men, is the best officer to command your camp. Captain J. W. Spangler, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, is now on duty at the White House receiving horses for the corps.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near New Castle Ferry, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to notify you that he will march from New Castle Ferry at 5 a.m. to-morrow, taking with him the First and Second Cavalry Divisions. During his absence you will report and receive your orders direct from headquarters Army of the Potomac. Your division quartermaster and commissary will have to attend to the supplying of your command. Orders have been issued directing the officers in charge at the White House to send all detachments of cavalry (mounted) belonging to the different cavalry divisions to report temporarily for duty with your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 6, 1864-10 p.m. (Received 7 a.m. 7th.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

Surgeon Dalton, chief medical officer at this place, has received orders to-night from Acting Surgeon-General Barnes to send no more wounded from this place except on hospital transports. It is my opinion that if the order is carried out wounded soldiers will have to abandoned at this place. I may be mistaken. You are probably better informed in regard to intended movements of the army than I am. We have only two hospital transports on this line. They can carry from 1,200 to 1,500 at a time, and require from

