HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 7, 1864-2 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: Your note of 10.30 a.m. to-day has just been received. I regret that my letter to you of 7 p.m. yesterday should have been too late in reaching you to effect the removal of the wounded.

I am willing, if you desire it, to devote the hours between 6 and 8 this afternoon to accomplish that object upon the same terms and conditions as set forth in my letter of 7 p.m. yesterday. If this will answer your propose, and you will send parties from your lines at the hour designated with white flags, I will direct that they be recognized and be permitted to collect the dead and wounded.

I will also notify the officers on my lines that they will be permitted to collect any of our men that may be on the field. I request you will notify me as soon as practicable if this arrangements is agreeable to you. Lieutenant McAllister, Corporal Martin, and two privates of the Eighth North Carolina Regiment, and Lieutenant Hartman, Corpl. T. Kinlow, and Privates Bass and Grey were sent last night, between the hours of 8 and 10 p.m., for the purpose of recovering the body of Colonel Murchison, and as they have not returned, I presume they are the men mentioned in your letter. I request that they be returned to our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 7, 1864.

Referred to General G. G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac.

I will notify General Lee that hostilities will cease from 6 to 8 for the purposes mentioned. You may send the officers and men referred to as you deem best. Please return this.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

COLD HARBOR, VA., June 7, 1864-5.30 p.m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

Your note of this date just received. It will be impossible for me to communicate the fact of the truce by the hour named by you (6 p.m.), but I will avail myself of your offer at the earliest possible moment, which I hope will not be much after that hour. The officers and men taken last evening are the same mentioned in your note and will be returned.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, June 7, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following batteries, &amp;c., of the enemy upon the south side of the Chickahominy: Opposite

