
Bottom's Bridge, and commanding it, a battery of two guns behind an ordinary earth-work. About 100 yards in the rear of this work is a line of rifle-pits or a common breast-work, several hundred yards long. About 600 men visible at this point. Two guns on each side of the railroad in the vicinity of the railroad bridge. The earthworks at that place, mainly old ones, repaired and strengthened. The infantry kept out of view in that vicinity. Three guns east of the Dudley house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 7, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: About 3 this p.m. the skirmishers of the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Regiment, Ninth Army Corps (on extreme right of our line), picked up a small note on advancing their lines. Inclosed is a true copy brought in by one of our scouts. The original was left with the colonel of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

[Inclosure.]

Mrs. Bowles, who has been down to Old Church to procure supplies of crackers, reports that the enemy have intrenchments in the edge of the woods below Pate's house, about 1 mile from Old Church, toward Linney's. They have pickets in the upper edge of Pate's clearing. Mrs. Bowles reports General Barrow [Ferrero] in command at Old Church. She saw five flags. The troops were principally negroes, with some whites. She procured supplies from the commissary at Old Church. I am with Lieutenant Early, Cobb Legion.

D. E. HENDERSON,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

MONDAY MORNING-1.30 o'clock.

Scouts report finding a picket at Allen's Mill. The above statement may be relied upon.

D. E. HENDERSON.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 7, 1864-7 a.m.

Corps commanders will report the condition of affairs in their fronts, progress in works during the night, and changes, if any, noted in position or force of the enemy.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

