
you to advance your line as far as practicable by means of regular approaches, having selected such points of attack on the enemy's line as you may think most advantageously situated for opening against. The general desires you to run zigzag and parallels until you attain a position from which the enemy's works can be readily assaulted, or batteries placed to enfilade their lines. Sand-bags will be furnished you on application to the quartermaster at these headquarters, Captain McEntee. The engineer department is engaged in making gabions, and a small number of these can be sent you from day to day. A daily report at 8 a.m. is required from division commanders showing by sketches and otherwise what progress has been made since last report, and changes in the enemy's lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-9.10 a.m.

General WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the report* of division commanders showing their operations since last report. General Birney to-night will commence operations against the point in front of his right center, where the enemy's line makes a return to the river. General Barlow has been working along steadily, but necessarily slowly, owing to the close proximity he is in to the enemy. The mine is progressing well. General Gibbon's report will show his operations. The officers of the enemy bringing in the flag of truce arrived about 8 p.m., but who were not communicated with until a later hour, reported that the enemy had withdrawn their skirmishers at 8 o'clock in order to let us have an opportunity to collect our wounded, &amp;c. We received no notice of it in sufficient time to avail ourselves of it, as it was nearly 10 o'clock when it came, and, besides, we had no notice from higher headquarters that a truce was or would be in existence.

Your obedient servant,WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SECOND CORPS, June 7, 1864-1 p.m.

General WILLIAMS:

General Birney reports by a staff officer that General Griffin, with parts of two divisions of Fifth Army Corps, has connected with his left, and has discovered a heavy force of the enemy on the other side of the Chickahominy, at Bottom's Bridge, who shelled his column as it passed down. General Birney has advanced his pickets on his left, and driven the enemy beyond the swamp. General B.'s pickets are now on this side of an impassable swamp.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Barlow to Walker and Gibbon to Walker, pp.672,673.

---------------

