
of the lighting constantly revealed the position of the working party to the enemy, and enabled them to interrupt the work by their fire. The mine is also being pushed. The open approach (shown by inclosed sketch) and the gallery together are some 40 feet in length at this time. I have the honor to inclose a sketch* of our works on the right of our line.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Major HANCOCK,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this p.m. The directions of the general commanding the division were fully complied with at the time they were given. The only point to which the remarks of the corps commander can apply, is in the advanced work in front of the right of the brigade. At this point the works were made purposely high and loop-holed in order to protect the troops from the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. Directions wre given before dark, however, to have this work leveled to the proper heights as soon after dark as it could be done with safety.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. BEAVER,

Colonel 148th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report progress in my works last night. On the right Colonel Pierce has so strengthened his line of picket rifle-pits that he has placed a portion of his two reserve regiments in them to occupy them. He has corduroyed the swamp running through his brigade, and is about to construct a breast-work with sand-bags, so that he will have uninterrupted communication throughout his whole line. But little advance was made by Colonel Ramsey, Fourth Brigade, who has difficult ground, but is still working ahead slowly. The picket-firing last night was almost continuous, and the working parties throughout the line were a good deal harassed. On the left General Owen has pushed forward a salient near the center of his line, with which it is designed to connect the one made the night before, which will give us a line about 12 or 15 yards farther forward. Colonel Smyth had prolonged the line commenced in his front night before last, advancing slightly his right, where the sharpshooters' fire from the right is very severe, and to-night Colonel Ramsey is to push forward the left of his line so as to try and silence it. I send Captain Seville, with his maps, and he will explain the new positions.

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

43 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

