HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPRHEYS,Chief of Staff, Arm of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The loss of men as prisoners which we suffered on the 2nd of June, in the regular brigade, perhaps requires this special report from me. We were executing the movement to close in to the left, ordered at army headquarters, by which we were to take part at 5 p.m. that day in an attack. The troops covering the flank of those withdrawing did not stand long enough to give them warning, and their capture resulted. As soon as the enemy's pursuit was ascertained, the same division drove the enemy back. We should not have lost a man as prisoner, if we had not been executing the order to close in to the left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, June 7, 1864-2 a.m.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: I have one regiment of Third Brigade on picket that I wish relieved. The enemy has or had a line of infantry pickets in its front last night. Will you please have the matter attended to at once.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, June 7, 1864-5 p.m.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: The special order from headquarters Fifth Army Corps, dated June 6, 11 p.m., has been carried out. Our pickets hold the river-bank on this side at Sumner's (lower) Ford and railroad bridge, and a line of pickets is established from the left of the Second Corps to about one-half mile below the railroad. In my opinion, I can cross the river at Sumner's Ford if a bridge is placed over the stream, and a force can be advanced across the open field in front without much opposition. The railroad bridge is a long one, and our troops hold some 30 feet or more on this side. The enemy is entrenched some 800 yards or more on the opposite bank. One brigade is at the railroad bridge, one about a mile from there, and the First Division on the left of the Second Corps, available. There is no enemy on this side of the river in my front, and the pickets of my command occupy the bank of the river. There has been firing along the line at various points. The enemy have been firing at me all day with artillery at Sumner's Bridge. As regards the question as to whether we can cross at Sumner's Ford, I would respectfully state that this can only be answered by trying, if by the question the general commanding means to cross a large force or a

