
division. Skirmishers have already been across. The above remark will equally apply to the crossing at the railroad bridge. Our troops have driven the enemy's pickets away from the river at Sumner's Ford and at the bridge.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

A train (construction) is at Dispatch Station, under charge of Captain Jones, assistant quartermaster.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES GRIFFIN,Commanding Division, Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: A detachment of my command send down the railroad have reached the bridge, and report that the bridge is partially destroyed. A picket of the enemy on this side was driven back upon the approach of my men. A reconnaissance at Bottom's Bridge develops the fact that the enemy are not on this side the river at that point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, June 7, 1864.

[Brigadier General CHARLES GRIFFIN,Commanding Division, Fifth Corps:]

GENERAL: I am in receipt of communication sent me for information. I had on picket at the railroad bridge, and maintaining a connection with left of the army at Tyler's, a battalion. Subsequently, upon a report of activity by the enemy at the bridge, I sent a second battalion, making an entire force of about 200. In front of Bottom's Bridge I have a squadron, with three companies in reserve near at hand. At Fisher's Ford a company. (Fisher's is about 1 1/2 miles below Bottom's Bridge.) Some 3 miles below, and this side of Long Bridge, I have a battalion picketing and patrolling the roads toward Long Bridge and Jones' Bridge. So soon as the infantry relieve the right of the line I shall make new dispositions, if I deem them necessary, and shall probably move my command down the river farther.

I have not yet personally examined to ascertain what force of the rebels, if any, are on picket this side the river at Bottom's Bridge, but will do so this morning, and endeavor to drive them back. You will recollect there is a low flat on this side, commanded by works on the other, and I am informed they have a section of artillery in position. At Fisher's they have a picket, but not, I think, on this side the river. I inclose you a report* from Major Moore, commander of right of line. I also forward a deserter from the Forty-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

