HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 7, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,Sixth Corps:

I am informed unofficially, based on the report of Colonel Tompkins, that there was yesterday some time on your lines a suspension of hostilities, or some kind of informal agreement between your forces and the enemy, during which your dead and wounded were removed. You will please report whether you have any knowledge of the existence of such a state of affairs, of any communications being held with the enemy, and, if so, by whose authority the same was done.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Smith, Eighteenth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-11.05 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I had already inquired into the report referred to in your dispatch of 11 a.m., and am assured that no agreement whatever was entered into with the enemy for a cessation of hostilities, but that some time before the cannonading of yesterday afternoon men from both sides brought in their dead lying between the lines, both parties refraining from firing as if by tacit consent, and that this condition of things existed for an hour or more, when the fire of the enemy above alluded to commenced, and was followed by firing along the line. I shall call on Colonel Tompkins for a further report in the matter.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

In my brief report of the result of the affair with the enemy at this point on the 1st instant, I reported upward of 500 prisoners captured by this corps, and that in addition some 250 were reported as having been turned over to guards of the Eighteenth Corps during the progress of the attack. Subsequent investigation would seem to show that the later report was an error, as General Smith returns no captures of prisoners by his corps on that day. The investigation discloses the additional fact that of the prisoners sent to the provost-marshal-general of the army, numbering 547 officers and men, one squad of 60 or 70, besides some others subsequently brought in, were actually captured by the Eighteenth instead of the Sixth Army Corps. I make this statement as a correction of my previous report on the subject, and to do full justice to the Eighteenth Corps in regard to the prisoners (perhaps 100 in all) with which that corps should be credited.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

