HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Woody's House, June 7, 1864-12.45 p.m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy have been driven from the position they gained on my left-in front of Colonel Christ's brigade, of Third Division. Our line is re-established, though not quite as far forward at the point of junction as it was, but it is a strong connection and ought to hold. The enemy are giving us a pretty lively shelling, and we are losing some men. I have a rifle-pit on the hill so nearly completed that I think I can hold it, and except to get a couple of guns in position there this afternoon. I am cutting a road directly to it through the wood, corduroying the swamp, which I think will enable me to get guns in and out from that position at any time without trouble.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Are there troops of any other commands near my extreme right? I heard a brigade or division of the Fifth Corps were off there somewhere. How do Wilson and Ferrero lie as to my present position? If we could get a connection it would prevent their surprising us with any such movement as yesterday's.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-1.45 p.m.

General POTTER,Commanding Second Division:

I am glad to hear that the line is re-established. General Ferrero is at Old Church Hotel, and pickets down the branch of the Matadequin as far as Allen's Mill. There are two division of General Griffin's not far from the mill, and subject to my order. I have sent Ledlie's brigade across the swamp. He now occupies the two positions marked in blue. A brigade of cavalry is stationed at Linney's and Butler's, picketing to Gilman's and below, on the main road, and down to Mrs. Allen's on the other road. I shall try this afternoon to throw General Crittenden forward, if possible, on a line with the streams in front of the two blue marks, which, I take it, is the swamp the right of your new line will rest upon. Please mark on the inclosed map* your new line, and return it by my orderly. How far is your right (new) from Bosher's?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The red line is nearly correct for the line I have through the swamp. The lead-pencil line I have put on marks the line covering the hill. My picket-line runs around Bosher's house,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

