
to my right in force worthy of credit; but they will no doubt struggle hard to hold the pits they have gained, as they constitute the extreme right of my advanced parallel, and are not connected with any parallel of the Second Division.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-1 a.m.

Colonel HARHAUS,Second New York Cavalry:

COLONEL: Yours of the 6th just received. The line you speak of is the proper one until you can open communication across the country, in front of Allen's pond, which will not be practicable until morning, if then. I am inclined to think that there is a pretty heavy force in front of General Potter.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864-8.10 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

All is quiet along my front, except skirmish firing. A trench was run from the salient made on night of 4th instant to a point in ravine on my center, thus throwing forward my troops in line and making the line of battle straight. Many of the dead were buried during the night.

WM. F. SMITH,Major-General, Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch of 11 a.m.,* and in answer to furnish the following information: General Brooks, commanding First Division, states that an officer went out from his front during yesterday p.m., and at his own risk brought in a wounded man. General Martindale, commanding Second Division, states that the enemy ceased firing and stood upon their works and our men did likewise, supposing a cessation of hostilities was going on according to the request of the commanding general of the army. A rebel officer advanced and informed one of the officers of Second Brigade that unless work was suspended on a battery we were building hostilities would be resumed. Our men and the enemy then resumed their old positions. General Ames, commanding Third Division, states there was no communication along his front.

---------------

*See p.679.

---------------

