
During the afternoon of yesterday, between 2 and 3 o'clock, I visited my lines, and was informed by the troops of the first line that an informal agreement had been made with the enemy in their front to stop picket-firing. As this was very much in accordance with my own ideas, I expressed a wish that this state of affairs would extend all along my lines, as my men in the rear lines were suffering severely from such firing. While I was down there an officer of my corps went out under fire to exchange papers. During the night, while our dead were being buried, our men were so near as to hear a rebel officer give orders not to fire on burying parties. This is all with regard to cessation of hostilities or communication with the enemy on my front that I am informed of officially or otherwise.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS WILSON,Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Army of the Potomac:

Captain Hill, my acting chief commissary, has gone over to see you this morning. Will you please give him the necessary instructions? Our corps is now fully supplied to the 13th instant, and can return all borrowed supplies.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 7, 1864.

The following explanation of the badges for this corps is given for the information of all the officers of this command: The general commanding corps and his staff will wear the tri-colored cross, marked "Corps Headquarters," worn suspended by a tri-colored ribbon.

First Division: The general commanding division and his staff will wear the red cross, with a triangle in the center, the sides of which shall be of white enamel, suspended by a tri-colored ribbon. The brigade commanders and staff will wear the same division cross, without the triangle, but suspended by the tri-colored ribbon; the number of the brigade will be enameled in white in the center. Line officers will wear the same brigade cross suspended by a red ribbon.

Second Division: The general commanding division and his staff will wear the white cross, with a triangle in the center, the sides of which will be of blue enamel, suspended by the tri-colored ribbon. Brigade commanders and staff will wear the same cross and ribbon, but with the number of their brigade in blue enamel instead of the triangle. Line officers will wear their brigade cross suspended by a white ribbon.

Third Division: The general commanding division and staff will wear the blue cross, with the sides of the triangle of white enamel,

