
JUNE 7, 1864.

Brigadier General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding at White House:

The commanding general directs that you adopt some effective measures for the arrest and return of all stragglers from this army who may reach the White House. It is believed that many men and occasionally officers leave this army without proper authority, and find their way to the White House in the expectation of getting off on the public transports. It is presumed you have already taken the necessary steps to prevent the departure of any unauthorized parties on the transports.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,White House, Va., June 7, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

In compliance with your communications of to-day, by Captain Parker, I have the honor to state that Major Wentz, in charge of the railroad, is at present on duty connected with his operations here. His assistant, McAlpine, has gone, agreeably to my instructions, as far as Summit Station. The foreman says as soon as another local motive and eight additional cars arrive, which are expected here this evening, the rails can be taken up from Dispatch Station to this point in two days, and the remainder between this and West Point in three, making five days for the whole distance. I herewith inclose a list of cavalry now at this station; also the number of troops sent to the front since May 13.

Very respectfully,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Cavalry forces at White House, Va.

First New Hampshire Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel B. T. Hutchins, 260 ineffective; First Rhode Island Cavalry, Major P. M. Farrington, 278 effective; Twenty-fifth New York Cavalry, Captain James M. Smith, 282 dismounted. Number of troops sent forward since May 13, 1864, all arms, 39,300.

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 7, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

White House:

All quiet on my lines. Richmond paper of June 7 gives intelligence of a fight at Mount Crawford between General Hunter and General W. E. Jones, in which Hunter was victorious, and Jones, the rebel commander, was killed. Staunton was afterward occupied by the Union forces.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

