
SPRING HILL SIGNAL STATION, June 7, 1864-4.10 p.m.

Captain NORTON:

A train of eight cars has just passed toward Richmond, with two of the cars loaded with troops and the rest with freight.

GARRETT,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

SPRING HILL SIGNAL STATION, June 7, 1864-4.50 p.m.

Captain NORTON:

A small train has just passed toward Petersburg. It appears to be empty.

GARRETT,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

JUNE 7, 1864.

Instructions for general officer of the day:

First. The general officer of the day will have charge of the picket-line only, and will remain upon that line for his whole tour of duty, not leaving it without permission from these headquarters.

Second. All communications between our pickets and those of the enemy will be strictly prohibited, and those violating this order will be placed under arrest and sent to report at these headquarters.

Third. The general officer of the day is the only person authorized to receive a flag of truce. Upon such being sent from the enemy's lines, it will be stopped half way between the pickets and there met by the officer of the day. If the object alleged shall seem to the general officer of the day frivolous, and that the flag is merely sent as cover for any examination of our works, he will retain the bearers of the flag, report the facts, and await instructions. If, on the other hand, he should deem the occasion one in which the truce should be credentials presented by the bearer, and notify him to retire until instructions shall have been received. No unnecessary conversation will be permitted, and not more than one officer will be allowed to accompany the general officer to the day to meet the flag.

Fourth. A written report of any movements on the part of the enemy will be promptly transmitted to these headquarters through the mounted orderlies, who report to the general officer of the day.

Fifth. In the event of an attack by the enemy, the pickets will maintain their position as long as possible, retreating only when necessary to avoid being cut off or destroyed. The retreat when made should be conducted as slowly as is consistent with safety, so as to give ample time for preparation to the troops within the intrenchments. The pickets on the right and center in this case should, if possible, retreat by the beaten roads leading to the sallyports on the right and center of our lines, and thus enable the artillery in the works to be used with effect on the enemy.

Sixth. At the expiration of his tour of duty, the general officer of the day will make a written report, in which shall be included the following particulars: First, the regiments on picket, and their position

