
on the line; second, a detailed account of all events of military interest occurring during his tour of duty; third, in case of any casualties occurring a summary of such for each regiment, in which the names of the officers shall be given.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, June 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General TERRY,Commanding First Division, Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Gillmore wishes the brigade of Colonel Hawley to move with 1,400 men, not less; if the command falls short of that number the insufficiency to be supplied from the invalid detachments under your command, or from such other source as you deem best and proper. You will require a report to ascertain the number, verifying the 1,400 men, independent of stretcher corps.

To move with two days' rations instead of three.

Your friend,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: I figure 1,540, without stretcher corps, but I feel sure of 1,450 fighting men. I have directed each regiment to take a wagon for reserved ammunition and forage, and the brigade wagon for forage and rations for brigade staff. Tell me if I am wrong.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. R. HAWLEY,

Colonel, &c.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Curtis', Va., June 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. HENDERSON,

Seventh New Hampshire Vols., General Officer of the Day:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding, in reply to your communication of this date, to state that the new rifle-pits will be occupied at once, and the old line filled up. The vedettes, however, will be kept upon the same line as before, so as to prevent the enemy from perceiving the change. I inclose code of rocket signals.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 7, 1864. (Received 10.25 p.m.)

General HINKS:

General Butler directs that you meet him at Spring Hill to-morrow, June 8.

C. J. PAINE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

