
PORTSMOUTH, June 7, 1864.

Captain JOHNSTON:

CAPTAIN: Major Gates has returned from Chuckatuck with loss of only 1 man. He captured the camps of the signal corps and scouts, also 2 of the signal corps and 1 man who informed the enemy of Major Gates' approach. He ascertained who captured the oyster sloop. I have sent to Major Gates to forward the prisoners and a detailed report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VODGES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, June 8, 1864-7.40 p.m.

Major General G. G. MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: To prepare for the withdrawal of the army from its present position, which will take place in a few days, a direct line from the present right to left should be marked out and partially fortified. Such a line can be occupied by the two divisions of the Fifth Corps, now loose, and a sufficient number from other corps, when the movement takes place, to perfectly cover such a withdrawal. General Barnard has been looking to-day with the view of locating such a line, and will direct your chief engineer in the work to be done.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNE 8, 1864.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER:

The commanding general directs that you at once proceed to make an inspection of the depot at White House, Va., and report upon the condition of the several branches of the service at the depot. A statement showing precisely what troops are at the White House, whether as permanent garrison or en route for this army, as also whether the troops composing the garrison are advantageously posted for the defense of the position. You will also report upon the character of the field-works now being constructed at the White House, and how far they are advanced toward completion. The commanding general further directs that in your examination of the hospitals you ascertain whether any stragglers find their way down with the sick and wounded, and should such persons be found at the hospitals they will at once be turned over to the commander at the White House, to be by him returned to the army.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 8, 1864.

Statement of Mrs. Jane Bowles:

Husband's name is William Bowles. He is at home. He is forty-five years old. Exempted on account of having a large family, 8 in

