
all. I have been married sixteen years; 1 small son. Live on the Mechanicsville pike, 12 miles from Richmond, 2 1/2 miles from Old Church Tavern. Linney's is about 1 mile from our house. Troops at Old Church mostly negroes. Do no know Lieutenant Henderson, of the Confederate army; know Allen's Mill. Don't know if any U. S. troops are there or not. Don't know Lieutenant Early (C. S.). Have heard talk of him by our soldiers. Have heard his name called, that's all; the same of Lieutenant Henderson. Last Monday evening a Confederate lieutenant and 9 cavalry (and afterward some infantry) were at our house during the firing. My husband and daughter saw him and talked with him. That was the last I have seen any Confederate officer or soldiers. They asked when any of the U. S. soldiers were here. They were soon fired on and went away. On Monday my daughter (Jane S.), with a colored girl of Mrs. Via's, went to Old Church to get supplies. Mrs. Via's girl went also for bread. They went at 10 a.m. and got back about 1 p.m. They got hard bread and coffee. The black girl's name is Harriet. After they got back they told about the troops at Old Church, the flags, and the intrenchments. They said the breast-works commenced by Mrs. Talley's and ran down in the woods. Think they mentioned the general's name commanding; I don't remember it the road side. It was a lieutenant at our house Monday evening. Don't know his name and had never seen him before. A black fellow (Burrill) of Mr. Allen's went with the girls on Monday. The black man and woman came together to my house and got my daughter to go with them.

Statement of Jane S. E. Bowles, fourteen years old:

Went Monday a.m. to Old Church with Mrs. Via's colored woman and her daughter (small) and Burrill (colored) to get supplies. Saw General Ferrero, who gave us the order. The black man and woman are pretty smart. Saw the troops; right smart of them. Saw ten or twelve flags. Saw the breast-works; they run from Old Church this way, and from Old Church to Mrs. Talley's. Saw wagons, not many. Don't know Lieutenant Early or Lieutenant Henderson. There was an officer (infantry) at our house Monday evening. He came about 3 o'clock from toward the rebel lines, and after talking with me went back. He asked me about the troops; how many I thought there were at Old Church; I told him about 5,000 or 6,000. He asked me about the batteries; where they were. I told him there was one by Mrs. Talley's and one at Old Church. Then he asked me about the breast-works. I forget now what I told him, but I told him what I had seen. He talked to me only a quarter of an hour; stopped a little, then went back the same way he came. A soldier was with him, and 3 or 4 were a little way off at the forks of the road. It is 3 miles from our house to Old Church. My father has been in Fifteenth Virginia Infantry and discharged.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

June 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I respectfully report the foregoing as the examination of the two females sent to me. They are ignorant and simple-minded people, and I have failed to discover the slightest evidence of any

