
intent on their part. I think they had no idea that they were doing any harm, and that they would have given us information about the rebels with equal readiness had the occasion offered. Mrs. Bowles is very far gone with child, and General Patrick approves a respectful recommendation to the commanding general that they be returned home.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 8, 1864.

As it is important that every man of this army should be armed and equipped, if it is possible so to provide, division commanders will have an examination made of their field music, and to those who are able-bodied arms will be issued, and those who are not will be equipped with spade or shovel. Officers who are sick should either be with their regiments or be absent on surgeon's certificate. A great many officers have attached themselves to the general trains of this army on plea of sickness, and remained there without proper authority. Division commanders will send provost guards to their trains in the rear and bring up all those who are absent without proper sanction. Regimental quartermasters who are acting assistant commissary of subsistence should be with their commands, excepting when their trains are in motion, when they should accompany them. It is supposed there is an unnecessary number of employes now with the trains who should be armed and equipped and kept with the troops.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, June 8, 1864-8.45 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the right of General Birney's line has not been advanced according to the instructions which I understood to be given by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan on the afternoon of the 6th. The left of my line has been advanced so as to occupy high ground. It will be necessary either that General Birney's right be correspondingly advanced so as to connect with my left, or else that I abandon this advanced position and retire to a line which is lower than the ground in front, and which cannot be held against any serious assault. I advanced my left in accordance with the general instructions that the whole line was to be thrown forward. I respectfully ask that I be informed whether General Birney's right is to be advanced or Colonel Miles' left retired.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

