HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 8, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I find by examination that the Matadequin does cross the road to Old Church at the place represented on Major Duane's map of 2 inches to the mile. This very much increases the strength of this line for our right flank to rest upon, for from that point over to the Pamunkey, artillery can be used to command the ground nearly all the way.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

JUNE 8, 1864.

[General G. K. WARREN:]

GENERAL: The enemy ceased shelling about 10 o'clock last night. If a crossing is contemplated, there is a point on the river about a mile below this, where the ground seems firm on both banks and cleared, and which looks to me like the point where the crossing might be made successfully. The enemy has earth-works and shows camp-fires, but this remark holds good for every point along my line where a crossing can be made.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 8, 1864-7.35 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Before preparations could be made to attack in force the position we lost last evening, the notification of the flag of truce from 6 to 8 came to hand, and after that it was too late to attack with much chance of success. But we made preparations for this morning, Generals Willcox and Potter putting twenty guns in position, General Potter's being within 400 yards of their position. He also pushed a heavy skirmish line very nearly to the top of the hill. The enemy finding the position untenable, left this morning in apparent haste, leaving the entrenching tools. We will hold the hill in force.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JUNE 8, 1864-8 a.m.

Captain LARNED:

Please send notes to Generals Willcox, Potter, and Ledlie, saying that the attacks upon our lines may have been for the purpose of reconnoitering. If so, they may attack in force to-day. Please have everybody on the alert.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

