
ers, sixteen Parrotts, one hundred and two 3-inch. For them 20 rounds each are to be carried in the wagons of the artillery park. The number of wagons for the ammunition train proper is, therefore, sixteen for light 12-pounders, seventeen for rifles, which should be loaded, 112 rounds of light 12-pounder, 140 of rifle, per wagon. Two wagons are allowed for transport of forage. The wagons for the above-stated purposes now with the artillery park, over and above the allowance, will be turned over to the quartermaster's department.

If there is more ammunition than above stated now in the train the excess will be stored in a safe place in Fredericksburg, if a room for the purpose can be procured, and issued from time to time as the batteries make requisition for it. If you leave Fredericksburg before it is all issued, it will be turned over to the quartermaster's department for transport to Belle Plain, unless there is an ordnance officer at Fredericksburg to take charge of it, in which case it will be turned over to him. You will proceed at once to organize your command for the field, as you may receive orders at any hour to move, and report your readiness to the chief of artillery.

By command of General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 20, 1864-10 p. m.

Captain D. R. RANSOM

Commanding Second Brigade Horse Artillery:

CAPTAIN: You will report with your brigade to Lieutenant-Colonel Gould, commanding dismounted cavalry at Fredericksburg, and move with him until further orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

May 20, 1864-10 p. m.

Colonel F. McGILVERY, Commanding Ammunition Park:

COLONEL: You will move with the train which has orders to move to-night, picking up the battalion of Fifteenth New York Artillery which is at the cross-roads, and which has orders to join you as your guard and part of your command. You will remain and move with the main train until further orders, reporting from time to time, as opportunity offers, your locality and condition.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 20, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK, Commanding Second Corps:

The commanding general directs me to say that some portion of your troops have been passing back to the position of yesterday along

