
NAVY-YARD, WASHINGTON,

June 8, 1864-9.10 a.m.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineers:

The New York bridge sent to Bermuda Hundred, consisting of 33 pontoons, 1,000 chesses,6 trestles, 420 common balks, 170 claw balks, and other material for bridges of 1,300 feet. The remainder, 27 boats and 300 chesses, were ordered stopped in transit, and have probably gone up the James River.

WM. H. PETTES,

Colonel Fiftieth New York Vols., Commanding Engineer Depot.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 8, 1864. (Received 1.15 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

All 	quiet on my lines. Richmond papers of June 7 give intelligence of a fight at Mount Crawford between General Hunter and General Jones, in which Hunter was victorious, and Jones, rebel commander, was killed. Staunton was afterward occupied by the Union forces. Fighting was on Sunday.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 8, 1864-3.45 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Bermuda Hundred:

Please accept my thanks for your telegram of this morning containing the agreeable news of the battle at Mount Crawford. No Richmond papers have been received by the Department for the last ten days. It would be a favor if you will forward the dates from the 27th of May, if possible, or at least the latest dates. Major Mulford has entirely neglected his instructions on this point. I would be glad to have a daily report from you. Mr. Lincoln was renominated this morning, and Andrew Johnson, Vice-President.

EDWIN M. STANTON

Secretary of War.

BERMUDA, June 8, 1864.

General BUTLER:

The Johnson left here in season to get to the dock on the Appomattox at 8 this morning, and must have been delayed by something beyond my control. I gave the order to Captain Dodge last night, and went personally myself this a.m. to be sure that she started in season. The pontoon bridge may have delayed her, or our watches must be wide apart. I will come right out unless you telegraph me to the contrary after this explanation.

FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

