HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., June 8, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Colonel HAWLEY,

Commanding Second Brigade:

You will move at once with your brigade across the Appomattox, by way of the pontoon bridge near General Butler's headquarters, calling there for a guide. Upon reaching the high ground on the other side of the Appomattox, you will assume command of the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers and the artillery under Lieutenant Sanger, First U. S. Artillery, and there await orders. The command should move without noise. If you are ignorant of the road to General Butler's headquarters, the bearer will guide you.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Curtis', Va., June 8, 1864.

Colonel H. M. PLAISTED,

Eleventh Maine Vols., Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to request that you send immediately one of the two remaining regiments of your command to report to Colonel J. R. Hawley, commanding Second Brigade, for the purpose of holding the intrenchments in his front during the absence of his brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 8, 1864-3 p.m.

General HINKS:

Inclosed you will find your map.* I believe it to be correct. You will get all ready to move so as to strike the enemy at daylight General Gillmore will be over with a brigade during the night.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 8, 1864. (Received 11 p.m.)

General HINKS:

General Butler directs me to say that General Gillmore, with his column, will be at the pontoon bridge between 11 and 12 o'clock to-night. He directs that you have a staff officer at the bridge to guide the troops to the Jordan's Point road, to a good place to rest within the pickets. Also that you meet General Gillmore for consultation at the bridge at midnight. Please acknowledge receipt.

C. J. PAINE,

Colonel and Acting Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

