
Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel J. W. Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the appointment of brigadier-generals. I make no special recommendations in these cases as I have not been called upon for recommendations, and as I am not aware what vacancies exist at the present time in the grade of brigadier-general, and how many of such vacancies, if any,it is proposed to fill from the Army of the Potomac. I would respectfully recommend, however, that when the number of such appointments allotted to the Army of the Potomac has been determined upon, the appointments be conferred upon the most meritorious of the officers whose names have been or may be presented for advancement, as shown by the record of their services and the testimonials of their commanders, without regard to other considerations. It is proper to add that Colonel George H. Chapman, Third Indiana Cavalry, and J. B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, have heretofore been recommended to the War Department for the appointment of brigadier-general.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPT.

June 9, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the officers of this department not serving with army corps are occupying such stations of observations as this level country affords-mostly in tree-tops. The south or west bank of the Chickahominy has been kept under close surveillance during the past three or four days. There have been no changes of any moment visible. No movement of troops, and little work done upon their intrenchments by the enemy along the river bank. These observations extend to below Bottom's Bridge, and at every open point their earth-works (very ordinary ones) are seen. The guns at the several points are: Three bearing upon Bottom's Bridge, four in vicinity of railroad bridge, one or two at an old ford above railroad bridge, and three east of the Dudley house. Few men are visible, and but little smoke and dust. Eight or ten wagons were seen moving during the day. Not all in one train or place, but scattered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 31. Near Cold Harbor, Va., June 9, 1864.

While the Army of the Potomac continues to operate separate and independent of other armies, Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, chief engineer of the armies in the field, will report, to and receive orders from Major General George G. Meade, commanding same.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

