SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 157. June 9, 1864.

1. Two days' subsistence will be drawn from the trains and issued to the troops to-day, which will give four days' rations on the persons of the men from to-morrow morning. The wagons thus emptied will be sent to the White House for additional supplies, accompanied by the proper officers of the subsistence department, to draw the stores.

* * * * * *

5. All letters that may have been sent to this army for officers and soldiers who have been killed or are now absent on account of wounds or sickness, and which have not otherwise been disposed of, will be sent to the post-office at Washington, and the letters so returned will have an indorsement stating, so far as practicable whether the persons to whom they are addressed have been killed or are absent by reason of wounds or sickness.

6. No communication will be had with the enemy unless especially authorized from these or superior headquarters, or except so far as may be necessary to properly receive a flag of truce coming from the enemy's lines. All other communication is strictly prohibited, whether by means of conversation, signals, or otherwise or by interchange of newspapers or commodities. Corps commanders will see that the unauthorized intercourse with the enemy, which it is known has from time to time taken place, notwithstanding the reiterated orders upon the subject, is no longer tolerated.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 9, 1864-11.25 a.m.

General WILLIAMS:

I have sent to headquarters a rebel deserter from Hill's corps, who came in this morning. He says there are two bridges across the Chickahominy-one at Turkey Hill and one above. He came over one of them, a timber bridge, when he came to this place.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,June 9, 1864-7.20 p.m.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The officer in charge of the forces in our advanced work on the hill reports a column of the enemy moving to our left-the enemy's right. He has observed it for half an hour, but cannot hold his head up long enough to determine whether there is artillery with the column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. BEAVER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

