
cated by Colonel Beaver was much more complete and satisfactory than most of the reports of this nature that reach him, and he desires you to express to Colonel Beaver his gratifications.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 9, 1864.

Major General JOHN GIBBON,

Commanding Division, Second Army Corps:

I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of the charges* prepared by you against Brigadier-General Owen, and to say that the same will be brought to trial as soon as the state of the service will permit. At the present moment, however, it is not practicable to assemble a suitable court in the case.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 9, 1864-10.45 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: A column of the enemy was seen about sundown passing toward your front from the direction of General Barlow's command. It is not known whether they massed in your front or passed on. The major-general commanding sends you this information that you may be prepared for any possible demonstration against you command in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 9, 1864.

General MEADE:

DEAR GENERAL: After fully studying the matter over to myself, I venture to suggest to you that it would be best to allow Captain Mackenzie to be made colonel of the regiment.+ I won't weary you by going over all the reasons I have for saying so, but will limit myself to saying that as he remains with us his efficiency as an engineer alone will be greatly increased; and, if necessary, you can take him from his regiment with his rank and put him on engineer duty alone. As a comparison of the benefit of this thing I mention my position and Tyler's at Yorktown and Abbot's just now. Besides Mackenzie is a gem of a man. I know him well, because I taught him mathematics for two years. Saving that he is young

---------------

*See Part I, p. 435.

+Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

---------------

