
JUNE 9, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Sixty-nine of our dead found and buried. No rebels. Some of our dead had been buried on previous night by our men at risk of their lives. Some of our dead were partially stripped, and no evidence to show that rebels had any.

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, June 9, 1864-10.05 a.m.

Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

General Weitzel showed me your telegram in relation to forwarding your suggestions in regard to negro troops. Me reasons for not forwarding them sooner are, that I had a conversation on the subject with the lieutenant-general, in which your recommendations were substantially to be carried out, as a portion of them have already been. The colored battery has been withdrawn from the front and sent for drill to Portsmouth, in order that the experiment of using negroes of artillery may be tested fully. A very competent brigadier-general for those under your command has been appointed and they will be at once reorganized, and I doubt not the lieutenant-general will attach to our command the negro troops now in General Burnside's corps. The delay has also been rendered necessary by the expected arrival of other negro troops in this department. I beg leave to assure you that it was from no disrespect to your suggestions, as they are valuable, but from a belief that the interests of the service required a little delay, that they have not been forwarded. After receiving this, if you prefer, you are at liberty to forward them directly, with a copy of this note.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 9, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Armies of the United States

(Through Headquarters Army of the Potomac):

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward to you a list* of the staff now serving with me at these headquarters. I would respectfully state that the corps staff, excepting the assistant adjutant-general, who has never been appointed are now with General Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina. I find it impossible to detail officers of my command, the officers most suitable to fill staff appointments, on account of the fearful loss of field officers from the late engagements. I started from General Butler's command with five brigades of this corps and four of the Tenth Corps. I have since consolidated the whole into three divisions of the Eighteenth Corps. I respectfully ask that the status of this

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

