HEADQUARTERS,White House, Va., June 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding Forces, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Yours of this date in relation to debarkation of organized troops is received. I have three regiments here of 100-days' militia from Ohio. They arrived here before receipt of your letter. Shall I send them by water? These regiments were landed here before receipt of your order. The engineer constructor, Major Wentz, informs me the road cannot be taken up and shipped before Sunday a.m., June 12. The medical director says all the sick can be got away in twenty-four hours.

I am, respectfully,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 9, 1864-7 p.m. (Received 2.15 p.m. 10th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. Permit me to congratulate the President upon his renomination. I trust it will give quiet to the country and strength to the cause. I certainly will send telegraphic communications when I have anything to communicate that will be of the slightest interest. Everything has been quiet on my lines up to-day. Last night I sent a force with Generals Gillmore and Hinks to make a demonstration on Petersburg on the one side, while General Kautz, with his cavalry, should attempt to get in on the other. The infantry was under the command of General Gillmore, who has returned, having failed to force the fortifications, but having met with no considerable loss. General Kautz is still out, with orders to cut the Weldon and Petersburg Railroad once more. He has 1,400 well-mounted men with him. I would be very glad to forward the Richmond papers,but I only get mine through my pickets. Communication through flag of truce is cut off-first, because of a communication by myself to Commissioner Ould making inquiry whether negro soldiers would be treated as prisoners of war if captured; secondly, sending up for wounded prisoners, which they refused to deliver, I having refused to deliver well ones until that question is definitely settled. This was in obedience with my instructions from the lieutenant-general. Major Mulford, you will see, therefore, is not in fault. He and his boat are engaged in conveying wounded soldiers and prisoners to hospitals. Whenever there is anything of interest in the Richmond papers I will see that it is communicated by telegraph. Hunter's fight was on Sunday.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 9, 1864-5 a.m. (Received 10.55 a.m.)

General BENHAM:

Colonel Comstock, of General Grant's staff, is here, and from the information he brings although no orders to that effect, I believe you would do well to come up here at once.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

