
waited until 3.30 o'clock. Both General Hinks and myself think Kautz has gone to cut the railroad; that was understood to be his intention. As I was directed to return to-night, I do not feel justified in delaying here any longer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

JUNE 9, 1864-8.25 p.m.

General GILLMORE:

I have ordered your escort back. General Kautz is at my quarters, having come from the inner line of intrenchments of Petersburg, having carried the outer and only line of intrenchments.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GILLMORE'S,

June 9, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

It seems very strange that General Kautz did not communicate with me at all, knowing as he did that my command was in two parts, beyond supporting distance of each other, and that circumstances might render it necessary to draw them back and get them together, as was the case. It was not until after 3.15 that my command was more than twenty minutes' march from the intrenchments, waiting there to hear from General Kautz.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 9, 1864-1.25 a.m.

Colonel ABBOT,

Chief of Artillery:

Major-General Butler desires that you have the 20-pounders open from Spring Hill upon the railroad as soon as firing commences to-ward Petersburg. They should be in position by sunrise. Send to General Butler for any orders he may have on the subject.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,June 9, 1864.

Captain ALFRED MORDECAI,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Dept. of Va. and N. C.:

CAPTAIN: I wish to officially state that the percussion shells furnished for my 30-pounder Parrott guns are unfit for service. They consist of the old banded Schenkl projectile, which only exceptionally can be made to take the grooves (whether the metallic cover be removed or not) from a Parrott rifled gun. They were condemned more than a year ago, and a careful trial here satisfies me that this was proper. Several days ago I made a requisition for the proper

