
are not fit for duty in the field, being entirely unable to march or perform any fatiguing work. This statement of the commanding officer is confirmed by their appearance, &amp;c.; they are well supplied in every respect. The Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers are in good condition, needing only a little clothing, for which requisitions have bee made. The First Rhode Island Cavalry is in admirable condition, and the horses in excellent order. The Third New Jersey Battery, six 12-pounders, is in good condition. The provost guard is comprised of some 60 regular infantry and a detachment of Veteran Reserves, whom I did not inspect. Besides the above commands, I looked at the One hundred and thirty-second Ohio National Guard 100-days' men, and the Thirteenth Ohio, dismounted cavalry. Troops more unfit for the field I never saw. The troops of the permanent garrison are well disposed for the defense of the post.

The field-works are completed. They consist of five redoubts, in which are to be sixteen guns, connected by rifle trenches. All the public property which is on land, troops sick, &c., except some regiments en route, are between this line and the river, on which the termini rest. There is also a small interior line nearer the river for a reserve force. Two small works are at Cumberland Point, about 5 miles down the river, and held by 100 men. I think any attempt the enemy can make on the depot might be easily resisted with the present arrangement. The various supplying departments of the staff are in admirable working order. Supplies of every kind are abundant, and the means of delivering them are convenient and ample. Officers were attentive to their duties, and order is every-where observed.

The wounded and sick are all in camp. The tents are sufficiently numerous and so pitched as to afford them good accommodations. They appear to be doing well, and to receive every attention in the way of medical supplies, diet, nursing, &c.

On 7th of June there were, 5,400 treated, and 17 deaths; on the 8th of June there were 5,450 treated, and 25 deaths; on the 9th of June there were 4,006 treated, and 47 deaths. Six hundred can be removed daily in the regular transports; but all now in hospital could be sent away in forty-eight hours if an emergency demanded, by using ordinary vessels-those not expressly fitted up for the purpose.

The police in and about the hospital camp is not all that could be desired. This is somewhat due to the absence of discipline, which must always obtain in establishments of the kind hastily prepared, and where there are persons employed who do not belong to the service. The attention of the commanding officer and the medical director has been called to this and some minor defects, and an improvement, no doubt, will be immediately wrought.

The provost-marshal's department is active in preventing the sale of liquor, which was being introduced in some cases by employes in vessels bringing supplies and troops to the depot. The subject of straggling has their particular attention, and every effort is made to prevent unauthorized soldiers from loitering about or leaving in outward-bound transports. Surgeons in charge of hospitals have instructions to turn over all persons not properly belonging to their hospitals to the provost-marshal of the post.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General.

