
has very little range. The sides of the car are not plated or protected. It was last fired from a cut which gave protection to the sides. The feeling of the troops in their brigade is not eery buoyant, and it is generally thought the force for the protection of Richmond is altogether too small. It is not believed that their new troops and conscripts will make a good fight, and but few of the old troops are left. General Beauregard makes a visit to Lee's front occasionally, and was there a day or two since in company with Generals Lee, Ransom and Bragg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel and Deputy Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPT.

June 10, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: No changes made by the enemy upon the west bank of the Chickahominy, excepting the following, viz: The smokes in the woods along the railroad were somewhat more numerous to-day than yesterday. A small camp, consisting of four wall-tents, was pitched about 2 miles west of railroad bridge; several squadrons of cavalry moved westward on the Nine-Mile road toward Old Tavern. A train of twelve wagons was seen in the vicinity of Savage Station moving westwardly. A small working party was engaged upon their intrenchments opposite Bottom's Bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Signal Officer.

BALTIMORE, MD., June 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Army of the Potomac:

DEAR SIR: A certain penny-a-liner of the New York Herald, writing from the headquarters of the Fifth Army Corps, having recently said that my removal from the Army of the Potomac arose from an error on my part in opening the lines, and thus exposing my division to capture, and the whole line to loss, I feel it a duty to myself to let you and my friends near you into the facts of the case. You must pardon me this letter which shall be as short as possible,and which I address to you because you expressed concern at my abrupt and most unjust removal. On the afternoon of the 1st instant my division occupied the extreme left of the main line, neither Smith nor Wright connecting with me. General Warren ordered a strong line of skirmishers to be extended from my left some one-third or one-half mile. This was done. Afterward he ordered that these skirmishers, together with those in my front, should feel the enemy by advancing the left, turning on the right as a pivot. Some delay took place in effecting this. To hasten this, and to be able to report its successful execution, I went in person at 4 p.m. toward the left of this extended line of skirmishers. During my absence an order

