
came from General Warren to my flag, in these words, which I beg of you to note as having an important bearing on this unfortunate issue, unfortunate at least, to me.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 1, 1864-5 p.m.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Second Division:

Wright is engaging the enemy on your left up the Cold Harbor road. Advance your entire command along this road, and take part in the action if opportunity offers. A division will support you.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

I arrived at my flag at 6 p.m. when this note was handed to me by one of my aides-de-camp, who remarked that General Warren had been over in person; was very impatient and very angry, and had used some harsh language respecting me. I immediately mounted my horse, led my reserve up to the main line, put the whole in motion by the left flank, sending one brigade, which was bent somewhat to the rear, by a nearer route to join me up the road a half mile distant, the road here running nearly parallel to the line, distant 200 yards. I led the rest of the division up, and as I interpreted it, "along" the Cold Harbor road, at great peril to myself and officers, and reached the desired point in the direction of the action then raging between Wright and the enemy about sunset. The detached brigade was there before me. Here I met Major Roebling, of Warren's staff, with some 400 of my men, who had been reconnoitering the ground. He said he had an admirable position for my left beyond the road, and had already posted the 400 men and a portion of the detached brigade upon it, and would advise my filling out the line by another brigade, leaving one brigade in the road, whose left would reach to the left of my former position. I acceded to this and posted my men accordingly by directing them to keep quiet and intrench. Feeling sure that the enemy had not observed us or our change of position, skirmishers were thrown out and a double line sent to occupy or cover our former position.

Supperless and blanketless I laid down on the ground at the angle made by those in the field with those in the road and passed the night. The contest with Wright had now well nigh ceased, the firing being confined to pickets apparently beyond my left. Rising at daybreak I found my line well covered, and myself saluted by a shower of balls from sharpshooters in a thicket near my front. These my skirmishers soon dispersed, gaining possession of the thicket. Regarding my position a good one and safe, my left secured by the issue of Wright's contest, as well as by a swamp near it on which it rested, and which I had covered by a double line of skirmishers, connecting my right with Cutler's left, I retired to a small house 200 yards up the road and raised my flag. Soon after this Major Roebling again came up and agreed with me as to the advantages of my position, claiming for himself the merit of selecting it. I remarked that I was sorry to inform him that General Warren differed from us as to its merits; that one of my staff missing me passed a portion of the night at General Warren's headquarters; that the general denounced the movement as not contemplated by his orders, declared we would be captured or cut to pieces and bring on na general engagement; and further, that he had made use of very harsh and damning language respecting me personally.

