
to the vicinity of White Oak Swamp crossing, and hold that crossing and the Long Bridge road, looking toward the Charles City, Central, and New Market roads. It is important that the point designated should be reached at the earliest practicable moment after the movement begins. The engineers will establish as many bridges at Jones' Bridge as the locality admits of. The order for the movement of the army will be sent you in due time. So much of this communication as relates to the movement on Sunday will be considered confidential.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 139. June 10, 1864

* * * * *

8. General Ayres' division will set out to-morrow at 4 a.m. by way of Parsley's Mill and Prospect Church, to Moody's (on the New Kent and Bottom's Bridge road), and camp there. General Crawford will follow General Ayres; then the reserve artillery, then the pontoon trains; then the ambulance trains, and then Lieutenant Houden's train.

In camp every effort must be made to keep the men with their commands and trains and a strong picket guard will be thrown around the whole for this purpose. The camps will also be as close and compact as possible. No unnecessary fires will be allowed, and great care must be taken to keep the woods from taking fire, and to extinguish it if it does break out. Headquarters of the corps will be at Moody's house.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The head of the column will pass by these headquarters, and the guide will be furnished from here.

JUNE 10, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The commanding general directs that you relieve such portions of General Gibbon's command, Second Corps, as you have troops available for the purpose, and that you confer with Major-General Hancock and arrange the details of the movement, which will take place to-night as soon after dark as possible. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIXTH CORPS,

June 10, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

Received dispatch in regard to relieving General Gibbon's division 1.10 p.m.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

