
ficulties you will have to encounter in reaching the point where General Torbert's command is encamped, I thought it best to put you in camp here.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 10, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

At 1 p.m. the enemy's cavalry, perhaps a regiment strong, made a dash at my pickets, near the junction of the Shady Grove and Richmond roads, driving them in toward Linney's. They were, however, repulsed at the end, and the line at present is again re-established as it has been.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

From a prisoner I learn that Gregg's brigade of infantry are picketing in our front. A prisoner from the Fourth Texas Infantry says the regiment which dashed in was the Ninth Virginia, of Wickham's brigade.

J. H. W.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 10, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you make a reconnaissance in force early to-morrow morning and ascertain what force of the enemy is in your front. General Ferrero is ordered to send a brigade of his command to support you. General Ferrero is directed to communicate at once with you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,June 10, 1864.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report no serious disturbance along my line. The enemy occasionally fire on my pickets, and yesterday fired upon a small party sent to reconnoiter Turner's Crossing, killing or wounding Second Lieutenant William H. Conover, Twenty-second New York Cavalry. The men who were with him fled, and a second party sent to ascertain the facts found the body gone. I presume he was wounded. The First New Hampshire Cavalry reported yesterday. The ambulance train of this brigade should be increased. I am waiting to know where to send the pack-mules of the command ordered to be turned in.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

