HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,In the Field, June 10, 1864.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: In answer to inquiries made by General Humphreys I have the honor to state that Turner's Crossing is about half a mile below Fisher's Ford, which last point is known, I think, to the engineers at army headquarters and s from 1 1/4 miles below Bottom's Bridge. There was formerly a bridge at Turner's, but whether the river is fordable at that point or not I am not advised. The approach to the river at Turner's passes near an old abandoned house (the first on the river below Fisher's), and is good. The only crossings on the river between Bottom's Bridge and Long Bridge known to me are Fisher's and Turner's. I have not ascertained that there are any crossings between Long Bridge and Jones' Bridge except the ford a short distance above the last-named point, which is laid down on the map furnished from headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

I might mention that at Fisher's Ford a very light belt of timber skirts the river.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 10, 1864-11 p.m.

(Received 9 a.m. 11th.)

General D. H. RUCKER, Chief Quartermaster:

To enable me to comply with orders just received from General Ingalls, chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, I shall require at once five steamers and five tugs in addition to those now here. The vessels arriving here to-day and those to arrive to-morrow, having on board infantry recruits for the army, are not unloaded but are sent to Bermuda Hundred to debark their troops. I telegraphed to you to-day asking that 3,000,000 [pounds] of grain be loaded in barges and sent to me. Please have the captains of the vessels towing them ordered to proceed to Fort Monroe with their tows, and await orders from me. Please reply.

P. P. PITKIN,

Captain and Quartermaster.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 10, 1864,

(Received 2.40 a.m. 11th.)

Captain E. S. ALLEN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Washington, D. C.,:

Steamers Ocean Wave and Diamond State were ordered from this place to Bermuda Hundred carrying the troops which they brought from Washington. No more troops will be debarked at this place. Transportation is required from this place to Bermuda Hundred for 3,000 troops now here. We also have 2,500 wounded yet to be removed. Please send me the necessary transportation, if possible. Steamer S. R. Spaulding will leave this place this p.m. with 1,000 prisoners of war for Point Lookout.

P. P. PITKIN,

Captain, Quartermaster.

47 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

