
ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 10, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

First Connecticut Artillery, Bermuda Hundred:

COLONEL: I wrote you some days since in answer to your letter from your present position. I meant to have spoken to you about mantles for the us, although you have doubtless thought of them. We had them at Yorktown, as you doubtless remember, and they must be still available. If I mistake not, the rope ones were made under the direction of General Delafield. Whether they, or the iron ones, would be best, I am not prepared to say. The iron ones would doubtless be liable to splinters if struck by cannon-shot. It may be that the mantelets are at Old Point. At any rate, if you did not include them in your outfit, it would be well to write to General Delafield about them; or if any are to be made, he can best direct, where to get the work done. I hope too, you will get a good supply of your mortar shrapnel. I like the idea exceedingly. If we had had them with us on this campaign they would have ben of infinite service.

We have a great deal of foot artillery with us, enough to have abundance of men, and all are anxious for employment with their own arm. I understand that Lieutenant Mackenzie, of the Engineers, is to have command of the Second Connecticut as colonel, vice Kellogg, which will be a good thing. I desire to have that regiment associated with yours in he service of the siege train; and as much more force as may be needed can be drawn from the other foot regiments, I presume, for the labor of the trenches, for the fabrication of gabions, fascines, &amp;c. Proper tools for this should be provided. I am a little uneasy about the breaking up of the Artillery Reserve. The artillery teams and the wagons and teams of the ammunition trains, would have furnished precious resources for the movement of the material we must draw heavily on the quartermaster's department.

Very truly, yours,

HENRY J. HUNT.

Brigadier-General.

COBB'S HILL SIGNAL STATION,

June 10, 1864.

Captain NORTON:

The battery that is firing upon us appears to be about 1 1/2 miles due west. I think they have but one gun, a 12-pounder, possibly two. Our batteries and gun-boats reply.

CRAFT.

Lieutenant, Signal Officer.

SPRING HILL SIGNAL STATION,

June 10, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Captain NORTON:

Three regiments of enemy's infantry are seen going from the woods this side and to the right of railroad junction, toward our left works.

BAIRD,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

