
the direction of the Eighteenth Corps may be changed to White House. They should be directed to load up transports and start them as fast as loaded without waiting for the whole corps, or even whole divisions, to go together.

U. S. G.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 11, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I send to you Mr. Van Lew from Richmond, who claims to be a refugee. He came into our lines to-day, and was sent to these headquarters by General Wilson. He desires to see Lieutenant-General Grant, or make known his wishes to him, and, by direction of General Meade, I send him to you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SIGNAL STATION,

Near Saint James' Church, June 11, 1864.

Captain B. F. FISHER:

I have the honor to make the following report of observations from this station: 6 a.m. large quantities of smoke, as if from camp-fires, seen rising in the woods in direction due west from station, near Fair Oaks. At a point, supposed to be on Nine-Mile road, near Fair Oaks, due west from station, a heavy dust rising, from 11 a.m. to 12 m. seemed to indicate the passage of a large column of troops. As near as could be judged, the column was infantry, passing southward. At the same point wagons and small parties of cavalry and infantry were seen moving in different directions all day. Small squads of cavalry were also seen passing at other points in different directions during the day.

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

June 11, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following memorandum is forwarded of the information brought by Mitchell, of the Twenty-second North Carolina; communicated last night: He says that up to Wednesday night of this week Anderson's division, of A. P. Hill's corps, was lying in reserve in the rear of Breckinridge's division, which was to the left of Wilcox's (his own) division: that on Wednesday night Anderson relieved Breckinridge and the next day (Thursday) it was found that Breckinridge, had not occupied the former position of Anderson, but it was well understood that he had gone to the Valley.

