
Previous to this news had been received of the capture of Staunton and a considerable number of prisoners by our forces, and it was also rumored within the rebel lines that some of our forces were advancing this way and had got as far as Orange Court-House. It was added that subsequent to the capture of Staunton some successes had been achieved by the Confederates in the capture of a large wagon train, reported 300 in number at a point which was only indistinctly stated as being above Gordonsville.

On Thursday pease and onions were issued to Scales' brigade, potatoes to McGowan's brigade, and curried cabbage to Thomas' brigade, all of Wilcox's division. The amounts were ample, and the issues were understood to have been the result of the capture. Mitchell states that it is well known that we are not using the railroad to the White House, and that on Wednesday evening, lying near General Scales, who was talking with other officers, he heard him say that we were not preparing to use it. He says that a large number of scouts are employed to continually approach and reconnoiter our lines in front, as it is their momentary expectation to find our lines withdrawn for the purpose of being passed to the left to the James River. For this, it is claimed, full preparation has been made, and it is given out in the rebel army that a portion of General Beauregard' forces have occupied and entrenched Malvern Hill, and that their lines are sufficiently prolonged to connect with Malvern Hill from their present position in our front. Wilcox's division lies in front of General Birney's division of the Second Army Corps.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel and Deputy Provost-Marshal-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 11, 1864.

The following movements are ordered:

1. At dark on the evening of the 12th instant Brigadier-General Wilson will move the brigade of cavalry picketing the Chickahominy across that swamp at Long Bridge, or that vicinity, and out on the Long Bridge road toward the crossing of White Oak Swamp and toward the Charles City, Central, and New Market roads. The brigade will move promptly and clear the road for the Fifth Corps. The pickets at the crossings of the Chickahominy will remain until relieved by infantry pickets.

2. During Saturday, the 11th instant, Major-General Warren will move the two divisions of his corps, now held in reserve, to Moody's by way of Parsley's Mill, Prospect Church, &amp;c., so as to avoid the observation of the enemy. At dark on the evening of the 12th instant he will move his whole corps to Long Bridge by the shortest route, cross the Chickahominy, and move on the road to White Oak Swamp bridge (called Long Bridge road) and hold that road, looking toward the crossings of White Oak Swamp and the Charles City, Central and New Market roads, during the passage of the army toward James River. He will follow the Second Corps toward Charles City Court-House. General Warren will picket the crossings of the Chickahominy on his flank while moving to Long Bridge, relieving the cavalry pickets.

