
3. Major General W. F. Smith, Eighteenth Corps, will withdraw as soon after dark as practicable on the evening of the 12th instant, and move by way of Parsley's Mill, Prospect Church, Hopewell Church, Tunstall's Station, to White House, where he will embark and proceed to Bermuda Hundred. Upon reaching Tunstall's Station his artillery and trains will join the main trains of the army.

4. Major-General Burnside, Ninth Corps, will withdrawn as soon after dark as practicable on the evening of the 12th instant, and move by way of Allen's Mill (or by roads avoiding Smith's route); then north of the south fork of the Matadequin to Burton's, thence past Hughes', Watts' Clopton's, Turner's Store, &amp;c., to Tunstall's Station, or by any adjoining route avoiding Smith's that may be found to Tunstall's Station. At Tunstall's Station the corps of General Smith has precedence. When it has cleared the way, General Burnside will move to Jones' Bridge, taking care not ot interfere with routes of other corps, past Baltimore Cross-Roads and Emmaus Chuch. Where the routes of the Sixth and Ninth Corps unite, about 3 miles from Jones' Bridge, the corps that reaches the Major-General Burnside will take the route passing east of Charles City Court-House, by Vandom's [Vaiden's], Clopton's, and Tyler's Mill.

5. Major-General Wright, Sixth Corps, will withdraw as soon after dark as practicable on the evening of the 12th instant to the entrenched line in his rear, from Allen's Pond to Elder Swamp, and, in conjunction with the Second Corps, hold that line until the roads for the Sixth and Second Corps are well cleared by the Fifth Corps, when the two corps will withdraw. General Wright will move by way of Cold Harbor, Taylor's, J. P. Parsley's, Widow Via's, Goode's, and Hopkins' Mill to Moody's; and thence by way of Emmaus Church to Jones' Bridge, preceding or following the Ninth Corps, as already indicated, where the routes unite. After crossing the Chickahominy, General Wright will take the route to Charles City Court-House by Vandom's [Vaiden's].

6. Major-General Hancock, Second Corps, will withdraw as soon after dark as practicable on the evening of the 12th instant to the entrenched line in his rear from Allen's Pond to Elder Swamp, and hold that line, in conjunction with the Sixth Corps, until the roads for the Second and Sixth Corps are well cleared, when he will move by routes in his rear to the Dispatch, Station road, avoiding the roads of the Sixth Corps, and by Dispatch Station and the shortest route to Long Bridge. He will look out for the crossings of the Chickahominy on his flank while passing. After crossing the Chickahominy, General Hancock will move toward Charles City Court-House, by way of Saint Mary's Church, Walker's, &c.

7. Brigadier-General Ferrero will move his division at dark on the evening of the evening of the 12th instant to the trains of the army near White House or Cumberland and cover them during the movement.

8. The trains will move to the Windsor Shades, and cross the Chickahominy in that vicinity. They will take such routes as not to interfere with the movements of the troops.

9. The brigade of cavalry on the right will withdraw at the same time as the Sixth and Second Corps, and close in on the rear of the army and cover it and the trains during the movement.

