
10. Corps commanders will see that every precaution is taken to insure the rapid execution of this movement, and that the troops move promptly and quickly on the march.

11. Headquarters during the movement will be at Pollard's or Cedar Grove near Long Bridge, and until established there will be on the route of the Sixth Corps as far as Emmaus Church.

12. Fifth Corps to Long Bridge. The engineers will establish bridges at Jones' Bridge with the remaining eight canvas pontoons and the wooden pontoons of the Sixth Corps. The wooden pontoons of the Second Corps will accompany the main trains of the army.

13. The pickets of the several corps will be withdrawn at the same hour from the line of intrenchments, before daylight of the 13th instant and will follow the routes of their respective corps.

14. The corps will take with them on the march merely those light headquarters wagons, ammunition wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., specified for the march across the Rapidan. All others will be sent at once to the main trains of the army.

15. The depot at White House will be continued for the present with its permanent garrison, but all supplies, &c., for this army will be moved to the James River, leaving 50,000 rations of subsistence and 30,000 rations of forage, in addition to supplies for the garrison. On the arrival of Major-Generals Sheridan and Hunter, the post at White House will be broken up and transferred to Yorktown, from which place the commanding officer will report his arrival to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 152. June 11, 1864.

Colonel John Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers will report forthwith to Brigadier-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, for assignment to the command of a brigade.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIV., SECOND CORPS,

June 11, 1864.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor of reporting that the enemy opened this evening on my line from a Coehorn mortar, firing 6 or 8 shots. Some of the shots fell in front and some in rear of my line of battle,, wounding 7 privates, of the Second New York Heavy Artillery. The mortar is behind the enemy's second line of works, between a section of artillery. From a signal station in rear of Brown's battery, the men working the mortar could be plainly seen. I send by orderly a fragment of one of shot fired.

Very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

