HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Moody's House, June 11, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

My command is all in camp as ordered. I have had roads repaired so far and will work again to-morrow beyond here. I think the country is such that we can move the two divisions that are here so as to be at the river at dark, if necessary, without observation. I picket all around my camp to prevent my men from straying out or spies from getting through our lines as far as I am able. I have sent you some deserters to-day. Can get no information of enemy being south of White Oak Swamp, except near James River, where the bluffs are fortified. Hill's corps is supposed to be between Savage Station and the Chickahominy or thereabouts. Deserters are from Heth's division.

G. K. WARREN.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

June 11, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General Russell, commanding First Division, will detail 650 men; Brigadier-General Neill, commanding Second Division, will detail 700 men; Brigadier-General Ricketts, commanding Third Division, will detail 500 men, and Major Beers, commanding Engineer Battalion, will detail 150 men, with the proper number of commissioned and non-commissioned officers, to report this morning punctually at 9 o'clock to Captain Michler, U. S. Engineers, at Cold Harbor. A field officer will be placed in command of the detail from each division. Each detail will be sent, under charge of a staff officer, to Cold Harbor, where they will be received by a staff officer from these headquarters and the senior officer placed in command of the whole. Major Bees, commanding Engineer Battalion, will send 1,400 spades, 500 picks, 100 axes to the same place at the same hour.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 11, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The inclosed dispatch just received from Major-General Smith is respectfully communicated to you for your information. Can't you silence the battery?

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 11, 1864-3 p.m.

General WILLIAMS,

There is a battery on General Burnside's front that annoys my command very much. Can he not do something to silence it?

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

