
on the picket-line, pushed out on the road to Bethesda Church and Shady Grove at 4.30 a. m., met the enemy's pickets just beyond Gilman's Mill, and drove them rapidly back upon the rebel intrenchments, compelling them to leave arms and accouterments in their flight. One prisoner from the First South Carolina Volunteers, Field's division, Longstreet's corps. Colonel McIntosh found a strong line of log entrenchments,covered with earth, fully a half mile beyond Bethesda, and behind which infantry were seen in force; our men getting close up and in full view of their tents, camps, and lines of troops, of which there were several already formed when our advance approached. The works are in an open filed, about a quarter of a mile from the edge woods, on this side, running near the point marked "Brick-line," and apparently covering the roads to Cold Harbor and Mechanicsville.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

THIRD DIV., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 11, 1864-8.30 a. m.

[General HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: The column toward Shady Grove pushed the enemy to their old lines beyond Bowles' house. Their picket were light and made but little resistance. Our loss will be 4 or 5 killed and 6 or 8 wounded. There seemed to be but a very small cavalry force, and none outside of their infantry line except the pickets. I shall avail myself of the presence of the colored troops of fortify my picket-line.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 11, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILSON, Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatches of 8 and 8.30 a. m. received. The commanding general directs that the enemy be watched during the day, and if no movements on his part take place indicating important changes, you can withdraw to your former position, sending Ferrero's brigade back to him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,june 11, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I send herewith a deserter from the Arsenal Battalion, who came across the Chickahominy this morning. He says Breckinridge went Wednesday night to Staunton with his troops. They seen to look four us to cross the Chickahominy below Bottom's Bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

48 R R-VOL XXXVO, PT III

