
POINT LOOKOUT, June 11, 1864.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

By authority from Major-General Butler I am about to start on an expedition to the Virginia shore with a detachment of the Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, 50 cavalry from Leonardtown, and 100 sailors. I leave the prisoners perfectly secure. I have obtained three additional gun-boats, making five in all, to lie off the narrow causeway leading to the prisoners' camp. I have ten pieces of artillery in position at the stockades across the causeways. A line of artillery bivouacked beside the stockades, which are loop-holed for musketry, and at which the entire garrison is to rally in case of an alarm. No transports are allowed to remain at the wharf by night.

A. G. DRAPER,

Colonel, Commanding District.

JUNE 11, 1864.

Colonel DRAPER,

Point Lookout:

I am ready for the expedition as follows: One hundred sailors to go with you from near Machodoc; one gun-boat to lie at Machodoc Cove River and Yocomico; two gun-boats up Rappahannock, there at Point Lookout. All will ready at sunset, and meet you at Point Lookout, unless you wish to postpone for a day or so because of rainy weather, which is coming on. Captain Street brigs a fine chart with him. Please answer.

T. H. EASTMAN,

Flotilla Captain.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Cold Harbor, Va., June 11, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: The movement to transfer this army to the south side of James River will commence after dark to-morrow night. Colonel Comstock, of my staff, was sent specially to ascertain what was necessary to make your position secure in the interval, during which the enemy might use most of his force against you, and also to ascertain what point on the river we should reach to effect a crossing, if it should not be practicable to reach this side of the river at Bermuda Hundred. Colonel Comstock has not yet returned, so that I cannot make instructions as definite as I would wish, but the time between this and Sunday night so short in which to get word to you, I must do the best I can.

Colonel Dent goes to make arrangements for gun-boats and transportation to send up the Chickahominy to take to you the Eighteenth Corps. This corps will leave its position in the trenches as early in the evening to-morrow as possible, and make a forced march to Cole's Leading or Ferry, where it should reach by 10 a. m. the following morning. This corps numbers now 15.300 men. They take with them neither wagons nor artillery, these letter marching

