
with the balance of the army to the James River. The remainder of the army will cross the Chickahominy at Long Brigade and at Jones' and strike the river at the most practicable crossing below City Point. I directed several day sago that all re-enforcements for the army should be sent to you. I am not advised of the number that may have gone, but suppose you have received from 6,000 to 10,000. General Smith will also reach you as soon as the enemy could going by the way of Richmond. The balance of the force will not by more that one day behind, unless detained by the whole of Lee's army, in which case you will be strong enough.

I wish you to direct the proper staff officers, you chief engineer and chief quartermaster, to commence at once the collection of all the means in their reach for crossing the army on its arrival. If there is a point below City Point where a pontoon bridge can be thrown, have it laid. Expecting the arrival of the Eighteenth Corps by Monday night, if you deem it practicable from the force you now have to seize and hold Petersburg, you may prayer to start on arrival of troops to hold your present lines. I do not want Petersburg visited, however, unless it is held, nor an attempt to take it unless you feel a reasonable degree of confidence of success. If you should go there, I think troops should take nothing with them except what they carry, depending upon supplies being sent after the place is secured. If Colonel Dent should not succeed in securing the requisite mouth of transportation for the Eighteenth Corps before reaching you, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S. -Reflections, I will send the Eighteenth Corps by way of White House. The distance which they will have to march will be enough shorter to enable them to reach you about the same time, and the uncertainty of navigation on the Chickahominy will be avoided.

U. S. G.

BERMUDA, June 11, 1864.

General BUTLER:

The One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio, 100-days' men, 850 strong, have arrived. Shall I land them?

FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

BERMUDA, June 11, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER:

Another Ohio regiments has arrived. I have taken the responsibility to disembark them here, as the vessels cannot go up the Appomattox, and as the captains of transports have orders to return to White House as soon as possible for more troops. Is this all right?

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

