HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 12, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication received. My leading division has started. I would like to have you withdraw General Gibbon when I withdraw General Ricketts (my last division). My picket will be withdraw at 2, and I will notify officers of the day of the corps as far as possible. I will be at your headquarters very soon.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 12, 1864-8.30 a. m.

At about 10 o'clock this morning the major-general commanding would be pleased to see division commanders at this headquarters, provided they can leave their lines with safety at that time.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Cold Harbor, Va., June 12, 1864.

The following movements are order for to-night: At 8.30 p. m.

the Second Division will withdraw from its advance position and occupy that portion of the newly constructed rifle-pits between Cold Harbor and Elder Swamp. At the same time the First Division will withdraw from its advance position and mass near Livesay's house. At the same time part of the Third Division between the left of the First Division and the swamp will withdraw, and be moved to a point on the Dispatch road to the and rear of the division. The remainder of the division will hold the entrenchments they now occupy. The picket-line will be strengthened,, and a few reliable of the division is withdraw.

The artillery will be withdrawn at dark, preceding the infantry as follows: The batteries on General Birney's line, under his direction; two batteries on General Gibbon's line to be assigned to his division on the march, and withdrawn his direction; two batteries on General Barlow's line to his division on the march, and withdrawn under his direction. The remaining batteries to be withdrawn under direction of the chief of artillery, after consultation with division commanders, and to be parked near the Livesay house. As soon as these six batteries and the battalion of heavy artillery (Fourth New York) are ready to move, they will proceed to the Higgins house by the road designated to Lieutenant Fairchild by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan this morning. If on reaching the Higgins house it is found that the road to Dispatch Station has been clear by the Fifth Corps, the reserve batteries and battalions of heavy artillery will follow the route Fifth Corps to the vicinity of Long Brigade.

