
The first Division will move on the same road at an hour to be designated after General Barlow has massed near the Livesay house. General Gibbon will move his division immediately in rear of the First, being notified from these headquarters when to vacate the line taken up at 8.30. General Birney will have a staff officer at Higgins' to notify him when the First Division has entered the Dispatch road, when he will commanders the march, following the Second Division, when he reaches the point where his line of march entrenchments that of the other division. The pickets will be withdraw at such an hour as may be hereafter designated, under the general direction of the corps officer of the day, Lieutenant-Colonel Hammell, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers. Those of the First and Second Division will assemble at the Livesay house, and take the route of the First Second Divisions. Those of the Third Division will take the Dispatch road. The picket of the three division will assemble at the point where the lines of march intersect re, under the direction of the corps officer of the day.

General Birney will relieve the picket of the Corps as far as Bottom's Brigade as soon as practicable. These pickets will join the pickets of the Third Division as they pass along. Fifteen ambulances and one medical wagon will move with each division. The remaining ambulances, with hospital and medical wagons, will move at dark to Tunstall's Station, and from there to the vicinity of Long Bridge, parking and awaiting the arrival of the corps. Such men as are absolutely unable to march will be sent at once to the corps hospital to transportation to the train. Division commanders are requested to adopt measures to prevent the men from following in rear of the column and into the hands of the enemy, as happened in the last night march.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCOIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 12, 1864.

The following modification is made to the order for movement tonight: It is thought a road can be found which the First and Second Divisions and the reserve artillery can take, with instead of intersecting the Dispatch Station road at Widow Higgins' does not intercept it until after the Dispatch Station road crosses the railroad. If an examination shows this road to be practicable, the First and Second Divisions and the reserve artillery will take it, and the Third Division will continue its march on the Dispatch Station road to Ratcliffe's Tavern, or till it meets the line of march of First and Second Divisions. General Birney will have a staff officers at Higgins' who will be notified when the Third Division should start. The pickets will follow the routes of their respective divisions to the point of intersection, when they will form rear guard as heretofore directed. Each division will be followed by its own ammunition and ambulance train. Corps headquarters train will move at the head of First Division train.

By ordered of Major-General Hancock;

FRANCOIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

