
Seventy third New York Volunteers (Fourth Excelsior), Lieutenant Colonel Michael W. Burns commanding; Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers (Fifth Excelsior), Colonel Thomas Holt commanding; One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John R. Tappen commanding; Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel William Blaisdell commanding Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain Joseph Delehunt commanding.

Respectfully submitted.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Moody's House, June 12, 1864-2.45 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Major Roebling has just returned from a reconnaissance below. The Long Brigade is a bad place to force a passage. it is at present picketed by a small force of the Second North Carolina; the men on picket think it is cavalry, judging from their uniform. They talk to each other. Deserters from points above are from Ransom's brigade, they say. The Second North Carolina Infantry is in Ramseur's brigade, Ewell's corps. The approach to Long side. About 3 miles below is a good ford, it is said, as Pollard's. The enemy has no pickets below Long Brigade, so that Colonel Chapman, with the cavalry brigade, had better cross at least a part of his command there, and come up and open the Long Brigade crossing. I will suggest it to him. I have started the pontoon train out now, as they can go all the way under cover. Unless the enemy bothers us at the crossing we shall be well out the way of everybody. The distance from Long Brigade to Jones' Brigade is report by the cavalry to be greater than indicated on the map. It is said to be about 9 miles.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-Genera, Commanding.

LONG BRIDGE, June 12, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

General Wilson has crossed over some men, and they are commanding to lay the bridge. Ayres' division bivouacked, waiting for the cavalry to get out the way. Crawford is massing. I shall close the corps all up at this point, so as to keep the road clear behind me. The enemy fired a little.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,

june 12, 1864.

It is require to have everything in readiness to move this evening at 6 p. m.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARTIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

