
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 12, 1864-5.15 p. m.

* * * * *

4. The command will move promptly at 6 p. m. in the following order: General Ayres' division leading followed by artillery attached to his division; General Crawford's division following; then the reserve artillery, under Colonel Wainwright.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARTIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 12, 1864.

General GRIFFIN:

You will move with your division and General Cutler's as soon as you can this evening, without the observation of the enemy, via Saint James' Church, Ratcliffe's old tavern, Ruckle's, and White Hall, to the Long Brigade, on the Chickahominy. You will be followed by the Second Corps. Leave a small picket force to watch the Chickahominy, to retire themselves at 3 a. m. to-morrow. You will relieve any cavalry picket you find along the Chickahominy after you cross the railroad, and these will withdraw at 3 a. m. to-morrow, all the picket following the route of the corps to Long Bridge. You will move a promptly as you can, keeping well closed up, so as to clear the road for the Second Corps, but must halt, if necessary, for the cavalry and for the pontoon trains and the other division of the corps, if our roads should come together. I send you the best map I have, but may have a better one this evening; and also a guide to conduct your column after crossing the railroad; but make the best arrangements you can to get along with them. I send you a copy this corps General Cutler.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Commanding Sixty Corps:

Please report whether General Getty has yet joined you; if not, do you know where he is?

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 12, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General Williams:

General getty has not yet returned. His aide has arrived and reports that the general will rejoin the army in a day or two.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

