HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,June 12, 1864.

Immediately after dark the corps will be withdrawn from its present position to the new line of entrenchments, which it is to hold in connection with the Second Corps till road to be followed is well clear of other troops, when it will move to Jones' Brigade, by way of Cold Harbor, Taylor's, J. Parsley's, Widow Via's Goode's, Hopkins' Mill to moody's, and thence to the bridge by way of Emmaus Church. After crossing the Chickahominy, the corps will move to Charles City Court-House by way of Vandorn's [Vaiden's]. Division commanders will examine the new line of entrenchments to-day with a view to taking up without confusion the position they are to occupy.

On withdrawing from the new line the orders of march will be as follows: First Division, with one battery; second, artillery; third, hospital wagons; &amp;c.; fourth, Second Division, followed by a battery; fifth, Third Division, with a battery, two pieces of which will precede the last brigade, and two without caissons the rear guard. The pickets holding their present line with their reserves in the front line of entrenchments will be withdrawn before daylight in conjunction with those on other corps (the exact time of withdrawal to be fixed hereafter), and will follow and join their commanders as soon as practicable, under the direction of the corps officer of the day. Half of the ammunition wagons and such wagons of the medical department as in the opinion of the medical director can be dispensed with, will at once be sent to join the mann trains at Tunstall's Station.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

June 12, 1864.

The following detail is ordered for picket, and the commanding officers of each detail will report to Major Daggett, Fifth Maine Volunteers, division officers of the day: First Brigade, 120 men, properly officers; Second Brigade, 200 men, properly officers; Third Bridge, 80 men, properly officered; Fourth Brigade, 100 men, properly officers. This division will probably be withdrawn to-night, and brigade commanders will hold their commands in readiness to move soon after dark. Further orders will be given through staff officers from these headquarters, from the troops now occupying the front line.

By command of Brigade-General Russell:

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

The trains will be to the eastward of Tunstall's Station toward White House during the day. They will move this afternoon on

