
entrenchments resting on the redoubt in rear of this camp, moving them to Tunstall's Station, there to join the Eighteenth Corps wagon train, with which you will continue to march (with Captain Cameron's squadron as escort) to the James River. You will send all but your three batteries back to their commands on withdrawing. On arriving at James River you will await further orders these headquarters, unless you received them from higher authority. You will not wait for the infantry to move to Tunstall's Station after withdrawing, but proceed on your road at once with your escort.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

There are 56 artillery for you at Tunstall's.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,June 12, 1864-11.05 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In case we are not interrupted here to-night, what are to be my orders?

Your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigade-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Long Brigade, June 12, 1864-11.15 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: After a sharp resistance, in which we lost several men, the advance of Chapman's brigade, two regiments, succeeded in passing both branches of the Chickahominy on logs drifts, and driving the enemy from his rifle-pits, and are now well out on the other side, covering the construction of the brigades. As there is an island across, covering the constructions of the brigade. As there in an island across which the road runs, with bad approaches, the brigades will probably not be done before midnight. Our advance crossed about 9 p. m. We will clear the way for the infantry as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,White House, Va., June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN A RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States:

SIR: Having received intelligence of the presence of a considerable force of guerrillas, say 60 or upwards, at or near King William Court-House, I dispatched about 100 of the First Rhode Island Cavalry, under Captain Capron, to ascertain the facts in relation thereto.

