
He returned last night, and makes the accompanying report. Before sending out again. I have through it proper to ascertain first whether there would be sufficient time to do so; the distance from here is between 8 and 9 miles.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

WHITE HOUSE LANDING, VA., June 11, 1864.

Captain R. L. ORR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report a scout made in the vicinity of King William Court-House, Va., I marched to Lanesville, and there learned from negroes that a force of 40 to 70 rebel cavalry were lurking about the country capturing what men were straggling about in that vicinity. There miles from Lanesville my advance was fired on by dismounted men from the field. The advance immediately 1 man badly wounded, and saw 11 mounted some distance throughout a wood and clearing. I also learned that 7 Federal soldiers were prisoners near King William Court-House, 2 having been killed. The rest will probably share the same fate if their captors cannot get them to Richmond.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. CAPRON,

Captain, First Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,White House, June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following statement for the information of the General-in-Chief in reference to the time the different departments will require for abandoning this depot. The railroad iron and stock is now shipped; the road as far as West Point destroyed. The medical director will be prepared to move to-day by noon, unless more wounded are sent here from the front. Captain Strang, in charge of depot of repairs, will be ready in five hours. Captain Pitkin, in charge of water transportation, will be ready in twenty-four hours received orders to remove. Captain Schaff, ordnance officer, can be ready in two hours. Captain, assistant commissary of subsistence, will require eight hours.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1864-12m.

Brigadier General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding, White House, Va.:

GENERAL: Referring to the orders sent to you this morning relieving you from duty at the White Hours and assigning Brigadier General

