
JUNE 12, 1864.

Colonel HAINES,

Commanding 132nd Ohio Volunteers, Bermuda:

If the vessel you are on draws too much water to go up to Point of Rocks, you will disembark and march your regiment early in the morning to the front and report to General Gillmore, stopping self at these headquarters as you pass.

By command of Major-General Butler:

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND N. CAROLINA,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

June 12, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that from observations made to-day from Cobb's Hill signal station, it is discovered that the enemy are enlarging Fort Clifton by connecting it with the small earth-work on the west of the fort, which mounted one gun.

Also that the enemy are now finishing an earth-work on the edge of the woods in plain sight from Captain Follett's battery and about 1 1\2 miles west of the signal tower. From this work they have used two guns, one a 10-pounder rifle and the other said to be a small howitzer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

BERMUDA, June 12, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I am here with my regiment under orders to report to you.

W. C. COOPER,

Colonel 142nd Ohio National Guard.

[Indorsement.]

Order him to go to Point of Rocks early in the morning and report to Gillmore.
HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1864.

Captain CASSELS,Provost-Marshal, Ford Monroe, Va.:

The Rev. Mr. Tisdale is the agent of the Christian Commission at the Fortress. It is necessary to pass up with promptness duly accredit delegates of that Commission. It is also necessary that improper persons should be excluded. To accomplish these objects you are authorized upon consultation with Mr. Tisdale to grant passes to the authorized delegates of that Commission duly accredited. No dolby will be passed without proper credentials, and to the regularity of these Mr. Tisdale must certify, and then at his request pass such certified persons.

Benj. f. butler,

Major-General, Commanding.

