
FORT MONROE, June 12, 1864-8 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would inform you that General Butler has sent down to this place, where it arrived this morning, the pontoon bridging sent to him from Washington and by myself. I have now here 155 chess to Colonel Spaulding to-day, and by the wear of the others on the Rappahannock River, I have the class but for 26 to 28 feet of bridging. I have, however, ordered all others just made from the depot at Washington.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-general.

FORT MONROE, June 12, 1864.

Estimate of brigade material now at Fort Monroe.-One hundred and fifty-five French pontoons, 1,000 long balks, 2,000 cheeses, 144 anchors 100 claw balks, 8 trestles complete, cables and lashings for 2,600 feet bridging, 68 pontoon trucks, 1 army forge, 3 tool wagons, 2 chests carpenter's tools (large size).

JAMES L. ROBBINS,

Captain, Fiftieth New York Engineers.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, June 12, 1864.

General Gillmore will forward to me by Wednesday morning full report of all his operations since he was ordered to join with his command, accompanied with all the reports of the operations of the subordinate officers made to him or his division commanders. State specifically at what time each report was received from each subordinate, and what officer has failed to make a proper report. This report is rendered necessary so that by general orders I may be able to give full credit to the officers and soldiers who have behaved gallantly in the several battles. Having now waited more than twenty days since the last considerable engagement for this report, I feel obliged to state a specific time for its reception.

Respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 12, 1864-3.40 p. m.

Major-General GILLMORE:

The commanding general directs that you send 1,000 men, with officers and with arms and one day's rations, to report to me for fatigue duty at the commissary wharf, Point of Rocks. Send a staff officer to insure the arrival of this detail at the above place at 6 o'clock this afternoon. This is of the highest importance.

Very respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.

