
GILLMORE'S, June 12, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Is have come to my knowledge that officers and employes are in the constant practical of visiting at a gentleman's residence on north side of James River, opposite bermuda. I have ordered it stopped in my command, and respectfully call your attention to the matter. I do not know what precautions have been taken to prevent information getting to the enemy in that direction.

Very respectfully,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. In the Field, Near Hatcher's, Va.,* * * * *

2. The One hundred and thirty-third Ohio Volunteers, having reported for duty, are hereby assigned to the command of Brigadier General Terry.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Point of Rocks, Va., June 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have to report for the information of the general commanding that the One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio, One hundred and sixty-third Ohio, One hundred and forty-eighth Ohio, One hundred and thirty-third Ohio, and of the One hundred and forty-third Ohio have reported to me. By an informal order from department headquarters, I was notified that these regiments, except the One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and sixty-third were to report to me for assignment on the line by General Gillmore. The One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and sixty-third Ohio have been established on my line; the others are in camp near my headquarters, except One hundred and forty-eight, which has reported to General Kautz. The One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and sixty-third report to me, and were assigned on my line before i received the informal instructions that General Gillmore would assign the now regiments arriving.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

