HEADQUARTERS TURNER'S DIVISION,Point of Rocks, Va., June 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In the absence of Brigadier General J. W. Turner, I have the honor to submit the following report of regiments that have this day been assigned to this command:

Regiment.	 Officer	 Men.	 Remarks.

 s.

134th Ohio	 29	 679

Volunteers.

163rd Ohio	 29	 679

Volunteers.

148th Ohio	 .....	 .....	 Since assigned to

Volunteers.	 	 	 Brigadier-General

 	 	 Kautz.

133rd Ohio	 .....	 .....	 Number Unknown.

Volunteers.

143rd Ohio	 .....	 .....	 Six companies only have

Volunteers.	 	 	 arrived; 415 men.

142nd Ohio	 .....	 .....

Volunteers.

1st maryland	 .....	 .....

Cavalry.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Point of Rocks, Va., June 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. MITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have just received the order of the major-general commanding to have the Sixth-second Ohio Volunteers report to General Terry. The order for it to move sent them; but I would take to lay before the general commanding, the condition he leaves this command by taking away Colonel Pond and his regiments. The Sixty-second Ohio is performing the major part of my picket duty, these troops being the only ones I have that can be relied upon. The Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers has been repeatedly disgraced ion orders by commanding officers for its inefficiency, and there is with me but a fragment of the regiment (200), large detachment of the best men and officers of the companies having been detailed away. Whether the negro cavalry is reliable for picket duty the major-general is the best judge; the 100-day's men, I do not think are yet. They have scarcely had a musket three weeks, and many are report to me who do not even know how to load. They are almost totally ignorant of company of battalion drill. I do not think it prudent to sent such men of picket duty in face of the enemy. Colonel Pond is the only officer of experience I have to assist me in organizing and to keep this command in working order. Colonel Cole, of the colored cavalry, is sick and Colonel Onderdon, of the Mounted Rifles, is in arrest; besides, these cavalry officers are liable to be sent off on detached service, leading me without assistance. Of Colonel Sanders, of the Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, nothing need be said. I them have only the inexperienced colonels of these two 100-days' regiments, if Colonel Pond is relieved, whom I can put in charge of the lines, and upon whom I have got to depend for duty as brigade commander. In this view I most respectfully urge that Colonel Pond

