
port of Captain Capron, First Rhode Island Cavalry, of a scout made by him in the vicinity of King William Court-House. The commanding general directs that you send another party against the bands of guerrillas supposed to be the vicinity of King Williams Cort-House.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS.] HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

June 14, 1864.

This command will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, and in the following order: First, First Brigade; second, division train; third, train with wounded and pontoon train; fourth, Second Brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,White House, Va., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your messenger reached me early this morning. Neither General Sheridan nor Hunter have arrived. Guerrillas are hovering about. Drs. Roller and Staats, Sixth Corps, and Lieutenant oberteffer, of General Barnard's staff, were attacked at Tunstall's Station last evening about 5 o'clock while en route to their commands by guerrillas and driven back here. A detachment of a about 80 or 90 regulars were also forced to return. Every effort has been made to capture the guerrillas in King William; so far unsuccessful. Several men of ours (stragglers) whom they had captured were retaken. Two men were marched by them.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.- I have just received information that the Third Virginia (rebel) Cavalry is in the vicinity of Baltimore Cross-Roads; they overrun one of my safeguards and sent him in. One of their outposts is within half a mile of Pamunkey River.

J. J. A.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,june 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the lieutenant-general commanding.

I am not apprised what arrangements have been made for preventing the obstructions of the navigation of the Pamunkey (the only trouble I can anticipate with General Abercrombie). If none have

