
Royal. Orders will be given accordingly to remove everything from Fredericksburg, Belle Point, and Aquia Creek to Port Royal. Repairs of railroad will cease, and all property not required at Port Royal will be returned to Alexandria. Proper precautions will be taken to have nothing destroyed and nothing left to be captured by rebel guerrilla forces. The proper orders will also be given to all transport of supplies leaving here, and also to all re-enforcements.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(To Engineer, Quartermaster's, Commissary, Medical, and Railroad Departments, and also to General Augur.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 21, 1864-7 a. m.

General 	 WILLIAMS:

Direct General Ingalls to move the trains to Bowling Green. Notify corps commanders of this fact and that five days' rations must be drawn to-night from the supply train. The positions ordered for the corps to-day are: Second at Milford, Fifth at Harris' Store, Sixth in rear of Fifth, Burnside at New Bathel Church, trains at Bowling Green, headquarters at Bethel Church.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

MAY 21, 1864-8 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

Notify the chiefs of staff departments that orders have been giver to return all emply wagons now at Fredericksburg and Belle Plain loaded, after which, so soon as the wounded are removed from Fredericksburg, that place and Belle Plain will be abandoned, and the depot will be established at Port Royal, on the Rappahannock.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near New Bethel Church, May 22, 1864.

The CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, or

ACTING CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

At Corps Headquarters:

The major-general commanding has directed that all of the general supply trains of this army be moved to-morrow from Bowling Green to the vicinity of Milford Station and parked. All empty wagons present with the troops to-morrow will be sent to Milford Station to rejoin their respective trains. They will be sent at such times and by such roads as not to interfere with the marching of the troops.

By command of Brigadier-General Ingalls, chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

W. T. HOWELL,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

