
at White House to break up that and send his Veteran Reserve troops back to Washington, bringing all the balance to City Point; this latter to take place on the department of General Sheridan.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 20, 1864-2.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

Direct Major Forsyth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, to come to this place and report to general Ingalls, who will furnish him with transportation to the White House and hand him a letter of instructions for Major-General Sheridan. Issue an order to be sent by him to Brigadier-General Getty, directing him on the departure of General Sheridan to break up the White House, to sent all the Veteran Reserve Corps invalids to Washington, and to preceded with the balance of his command and all public property to City Point. Direct the quartermaster's department to furnish the necessary transportation for the above and also to be provided with ferryboats at Fort Powhatan to ferry Sheridan across the James River in case he cannot cross at the pontoon bridge above Malvern Hill.

Notify general Ingalls at once of General Abercrombie's command, specifying particularly the Veteran Reserve.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 20, 1864-3 p. m. (Received 3.20 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Headquarters Lieutenant-General Grant, City Point:

Your dispatch in relation to General Sheridan's command received, and the necessary orders will at once be issued.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 20, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Warren now holds to the Jerusalem plank road. To-night I shall withdraw the Second Corps, the Ninth holding between the Fifth and Sixth, and will mass the Second open the left and rear of the Fifth;

then, when the Sixth is relieved, as yes propose, I will move both

corps, second and Sixth, to the left, and endeavor to stretch to the Appomattox. A deserter in to-day, belongs to McLaws' division, Longstreet's corps. He says the corps came to our front on the 18th, at Sheridan's last dispatch, by Major Forsyth, was dated the 18th, at Walkerton, on the Mattapony. This place is only 10 miles from the White House. I don't know where Sheridan could be this morning, because, even if he had gone to west Point on the 19th,

