SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 165. June 20, 1864.

* * * *

8. Major Forsyth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, will at once proceed to City Point and report to Brigadier General R. Ingalls, chief quartermaster, by when whom he will be furnished with transportation to the White House, and letter of instructions to Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps. Out department of Major-General Sheridan's command from the White House, Brigadier-General Getty will break up the depot at that place, send all the Veteran reserve Corps invalids to Washington, and with the remainder of his command and all public property White House, with the exceptions herein indicated, proceed to City Point and there report for further instructions. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary transportation to carry into effect this order, and will also have ferry-boats in readiness at Fort Powhatan to transport General Sheridan's command across the James River in case he cannot cross at the pontoon brigade at Malvern Hill. The battery of artillery at the White House, and the battalion of Rhode Cavalry, and all wagons and animals will accompany Major-General Sheridan's command.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

White House, Va., June 20, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to notify the major-general commanding of the arrival of my command here, and the receipt of his telegram to remain till further orders. I want ammunition first and supplies of all kinds. My wounded and prisoners have all been shipped. I find but little subsistence and forage here, but they can, I presume, be obtained at Ford Monroe. I shell take the necessary means to obtain the same.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, June 20, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

You will, as soon as practicable after received this, move your command and trains from the White Hous to City Point. There will be a bridge thrown across the James at Deep Bottom, above Malvern Hill, on which you will endeavor to cross your command. Should this be impracticable, you will proceed to Douthat's Landing, opposite Ford Powhatan ferry-boats will be provided for bringing you across. It will be well for you in passing up the James to communicate with Fort Powhatan the fact of your being in the vicinity.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

