
WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 21, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

No danger now. Enemy withdrew about 4 p. m. Sheridan arrived at 6; crossed at daylight. Hear artillery 2 miles down river now (9 o'clock), but think we shell have no more of enemy here. Sheridan remains here until further orders, but is directed to get ready to join the Army of the Potomac soon as possible. I remain until I get his permission to close. Abercrombie's command, come thing leave to-day. General Abercrombie was this morning relieved by General Getty, and has for left for Yourktown. I destroyed all my telegrams yesterday. Our tenth was very prominent, and was the first target for their shells.

BICKFORD.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,White House, Va., June 21, 1864.

OFFICER COMMANDING AT CUMBERLAND POINT, VA.:

The general commanding direct me to inform you that one of General Sheridan's brigades of cavalry will move down toward your post and encamp in your meighborhood. They will send scouting parties on all the roads. Be careful not to mistake them for the enemy's cavalry.

Very respectfully, Your, &amp;c.,

R. L. ORR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 21, 1864.

Captain R. L. ORR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the return of Captain Rogers with his squadron. He reports that he proceeded to Cumberland Landing, via New kent Court-House road, discovering large clouds of dust moving toward him. He sent a sergeant to report the fact, and that he would return be the river road. The captain had arrived, with about 2 1\2 miles of White House Landing, on his return last night (20th), when his advance guard cave upon a column of rebel cavalry and artillery; they opened upon him with their artillery and carbines, dismounting 1 man, taking him prisoner. The captain retired to Cumberland Landing, the enemy following close upon his rear. On returning to-day he found by inquiries of the inhabitants that the force that attacked him consisted of a portion of Hampton's cavalry division, numbering about 1,000 strong. The enemy took the Williamsburg road toward Richmond. About 9 a. m. to-day the captain met General Sheridan's cavalry, about 3 miles down the

