HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Guiney's Station, May 22, 1864.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to inclose copies of the orders just issued by Generals Grant and Meade in regard to a change of depots, also copied of my letters to the quartermasters at Belle Plain and Fredericksburg for your information. I have now earnestly to recommend that means of transportation be sent to Fredericksburg as rapidly as possible for the removal of those wounded. The trains of wagons and ambulances will probably be required on the march to Port Royal and at that place. They can be sent back to Washington from that point when you wish. I would recommend that work on the Aquia railroad be suspended forthwith, as the road may be damaged after the abandonment of Fredericksburg.

Very respectfully,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, May 22, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have 2 prisoners of war, a second lieutenant and the forage-master of Rosser's brigade, taken yesterday evening at 9.08 this side or the Milford Station. the forage-master (apparently a very frankzellow) declines to be exchanged, and says: Rosser's brigade left camp yesterday a. m. between 7 and 8 o'clock, 2 1\2 miles above Spotsylvania Court-House, on road to Shady Grove, with orders to go to Milford. As they passed in the rear of the infantry the wagon train of Ewell's corps was getting ready to move. On the way, partly on main road to Guiney's and partly on by-roads, and from Guiney's to Bethel Church, thence across Telegraph road toward Milford, and within 2 miles of it, saw no rebel infantry moving. He stopped at what he thinks was Wright's Tavern, 2 miles from Milford. His brigade was there, and he was sent back for his train, our troops being known to be at Milford, and his colonel saying he through it was a raiding party and he would have them whaled out by the time the wagons came up. On his way back was captured. Was asked by an old citizen near the tavern how many Yankees he through there were at Milford. Said he didn't know; perhaps 3,000. Old citizen then said: If that is all, will likely be whipped by the re-enforcements coming to General Lee.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE.

P. S.-He says Resser's brigade is about 800 strong, having lost 500 to 600 men in the Wilderness. Knows nothing about Wickeham's strength, but says Young is also here with two regiments of his brigade, very weak.

G. H. SHARPE.

