
and wagon train have arrived at Wilcox's Wharf. The enemy appear and are reported to be in great force on the opposite side of Herring Creek. Hampton's force crossed by Saint Mary's Church last night toward Westover, and the negroes say that it was about there hours in passing. Yesterday one brigade of the enemy's cavalry made an attack for the purpose of getting into the wagon train, but were repulsed. This morning the advance guard of the train was attacked, but the enemy were driven back until they took up the position on the opposite side of Herring Creek. The enemy is supposed to be in force at Phillips'. General Sheridan desires to know whether he had better push through with his train; whether we have any force on the north side of the river to assist him, if necessary; whether it is deemed safe to try to risk the train to come up to Harrison's Leading. General Ingalls is of the opinion that the command would better drop down in the Neck, where the army crossed, and where the train could be easily protected and ferried over at Douthat's, and at the point where the pontoon was laid. Please give directions. The officer is waiting.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Jordan's House, Va., June 24, 1864-3.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

Major-General Sheridan directs me to say that the train moves via Charles City Court-House; that he desires you to move via Saint Mary's Church, and to report to him as soon as you arrive at that point.

GEO. A. FORSYTH,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Cross-Roads, 3 Miles from Charles City Court-House,

June 24, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Division:

There is some skirmishing in front of Charles City Court-House, on road to Harrison's Landing. The enemy attacked the Ninth New York Cavalry and were driven back about 1 1\2 miles. I am moving the infantry down, and will move Torbert's division. Look out for Davies. Support him, if necessary.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 24, 1864.

General D. McM. GREGG:

Colonel Chamberlain has just reported to me. I will park the train this evening at or near Wilcox's Landing. You can move down

