
on the road you went out this morning, if you are satisfied that the whole of the rebel cavalry is at Phillips'. There is a direct road to Richmond from Phillips' Shop. Have they not gone back on that road toward Richmond? The small force shown here has disappeared. Encamp at Charles City Court-House.

Respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, Va., June 25, 1864-11.30 a. m.

(Received 2.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Richmond papers of yesterday state that Hunter at last accounts was at Fincastle. He will probably go to Beverly. There will be no use is Stahel attempting to reach him. All quiet here. Sheridan is now crossing the river where the army crossed. Yesterday evening Gregg's division had a very severe fight with the enemy between Charles City-House and Long Brigade. I do not now the result, but understand unofficially that we saved all the wagon train, which seemed to be the object of the attack. The loss was said to be heavy on both sides, the enemy coming in close canister range. The same Richmond paper announces that Wilson reached Burkeville. I shall try to give the army a few days' rest, which they now stand much in need of.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, Va., June 25, 1864-1 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Can you send 1,000 or 1,500 infantry to Douthat's Wharf before daylight. Sheridan has been attacked this evening and with great difficulty and with heavy loss of men has saved his train so far. He expects another attack at daylight, and would be much assisted if some infantry could reach him in time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNE 25, 1864-2.55 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have ordered two regiment from my line to march to wharf at Point of Rocks. Have ordered up transforation to take them to Douthat's Wharf. Will you send down and get ready a board or boats at City point case mine have not steamed up or unready? Can not Sheridan fall back to Wilson's Wharf, about 4 miles/ He will there have the cover of our work and 1,500 men to assist him. There are also two gun-boats there to aid him. A boat from City Point can reach Wilson's Wharf in an hour and fifteen minutes.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

