
much less than I was led to suppose by the verbal report first received. Sheridan says he thinks 225 killed, wounded, and missing will cover it, whilst he thinks the enemy's killed and wounded is much greater. This is Gregg's loss between the Chickahominy and James River, not counting losses in previous engagements. Nothing heard from Wilson since left Burkeville. It is is possible, I wish paymasters could be sent here to pay the troops. The officers

particularly are suffering.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 26, 1864-9 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

* * * *

I have no report from General Sheridan, but such as you received when last here, and as you sent him orders direct, I presume his movements and progress are known to you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., June 26, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

After Gregg's loss General Sheridan sent an officer to me with a verbal statement of his situation. I immediately sent the garrison from here to his relied, and also all the men that could be well spared from Bermuda Hundred, and wrote him a note telling him what to do in case of another attack. It was then after 1 o'clock at night, and you and your troops being distant I did not think it worth while to bother you, particularly as all that could be done for the relief of Sheridan Had to be done from here or Bermuda. Sheridan is now safe in as comfortable a place as he can be for recruiting his men and horses. You can send him such orders as you deem best. I think he should be got up leisurely to your left, where he can rest and at the same time add strength to your position. Whilst this excessively hot and dry weather lasts we will give the men all the rest we can. I have ordered out all the guns and other articles called for by General Hunt.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 26, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Sheridan is now at these headquarters if you wish to seed him any instructions.

By direction of Lieutenant-General Grant:

BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

