
CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

City Point, June 26, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

An officer can be sent immediately on arrival here to General Sheridan's headquarters. That general was excepted here at 10 to-day. His command occupies the Neck at Douthat's. It is well situated for water, rest grass, &amp;c. His trains are being ferried and will be over to-morrow.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Douthat's House, Va., June 26, 1864-12.15 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with the Cavalry Corps, Brigadier-General Getty's command, and all the wagons and ambulances left at the White House. On the 22nd instant General Torbert secured the crossing at Jones' Brigade, and on the 23rd I crossed the command and wagons to the south side of the Chickahominy. Just after parking my trains the enemy made an attack on my advance on the Long Brigade road, but was driven back by Colonel Devin's brigade and six companies of colonel troops. On the 24th resumed the march toward Haxall's via Charles City Court-House. I was obliged to divide my command, and in the evening the enemy in overwhelming force attacked Gregg's division. He was forced to fall back in the direction of Charles City Court-House, punishing the enemy at every step. Not a horse or wagon was lost in bringing over this long train of nearly 900 wagons. The cavalry we had annoying was Hampton's and Fitz. Lee's division, Butler's mounted infantry, and 1,600 dismounted cavalry, armed with muskets. The teams are being crossed rapidly over the James River.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 26, 1864-12.30 a. m. (Received 12.50 p. m.)

Major General P. H. Sheridan,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that when your command has crossed the James River, you proceed to take up a position on the Petersburg and Jerusalem plank road on the left flank of the army, sending a staff officer to these headquarters in advance of your reaching the plank road, to receive special instructions for your guidance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The officer who takes this dispatch to you will acquaint you with the position now occupied by this army.

