
commanding Sixth Corps; Thirteenth ohio and Twenty-fifth New York (dismounted) Cavalry, and Twenty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, to Major-General Burnside, commanding Ninth Corps

By command of Brigadier General George W. Getty:

R. L. ORR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 27, 1864-10.15 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

A body of the enemy's cavalry excepting 1,000 strong was seen leaving Petersburg this morning a southerly direction on a road near the Weldon railroad, probably for the purpose of re-enforcing the enemy's cavalry that followed Wilson, of of interposing between Wilson and us on Wilson's return. To anticipate any attempt at a dash at the trains of the army Gibbeon's division has been sent to hold the crossing of the Blackwater by the old Norfolk or baxter road, and the approaches between that and the Jerusalem plan road on the right and Prince George Court-House on the left. General Ferrero's division is sent to hold from crossing of Blackwater, near Prince George Court-House to Old Court-House; the dismounted cavalry holding the crossing of Bailey's Creek, at the Old Court-House. The letter of the army covers the Jerusalem plank road as far as 4 miles from Petersburg. The commanding general desires you to join the army as soon as practicable, and be prepared for active co-operation with General Wilson to aid his return.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,City Point, Va., June 27, 1864-3.15 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch has just been received. I will make every effort to cross the river rapidly. The wagons and ambulances will all be over to-night and the whole command to-morrow night. I will cross one brigade of Gregg's division over the river this evening.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the dismounted men under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Gould, and many of which are with the trains, be ordered to report at once to Major Beaumont, commanding dismounted camp near City Point. Horses are now arriving

