HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

We have news from our scouts at 12 m. to-day between Milford and the next station beyond, name forgotten. They were going in the direction of Hanover Junction. The force opposing Hancock yesterday was Kemper's brigade, of Pickett's division, nad the scouts heard form citizens that the rest of Picketts' division arrived last evening at Chesterfield Station. Two thousand men passed through Milford to General Lee day before yesterday, and we have a prisoner from Forty-third North Carolina, which has been with Hoke in North Carolina and is now back with three other regiments (Twenty-first North Carolina, Fifty-seventh North Carolina, and the Twenty-first Georgia), having left Richmond day before yesterday early, marched from Milford toward Lee's army and back again yesterday. This man says three trains left Richmond with the troops, and he heard Ransom's brigade was on the way, too. We have also men in from the left who report that the country is all clear from Piney Branch Church to Todd's Tavern, and, as they heard, to the Court-House, General Lee having left nothing behind. Only one small, squad of cavalry was seen between Todd's Tavern and the Court-House, and that was going south. There were rumors that Mosby was ordered to follow up our rear.

The inclosed dispatches were taken by Cline at Milford, and give information of Sheridan and the enemy's movements on our advance.

Respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864.

1. The positions which the several corps are ordered to occupy to-day are as folows: Second Corps at Milford, Fifth Corps at Harris' Store, Sixth Corps in rear of Fifth Corps, Ninth Corps at New Bethel Church, general headquarters at New Bethel Church.

2. The chief quartermaster will at once cause the wagons of the general supply trains to be moved to Bowling Green, and corps commanders will cause five days' rations to be drawn to-night from their supply trains.

3. The cavalry now at Massaponax Church, under the command of Major Kerwin, will, after the Sixth Corps and its trains have posed that point, move up and take position at Motley's Cross-Roads and carefully watch all the roads leading to that point.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864.

The detachments of cavalry with this army are assigned to duty for the present as follows: The detachment commanded by Brigadier-General Torbert to report to Major-General Hancock, com-

