
XX. The cavalry under the command of Colonel Shingler, on temporary duty in the Department of North Carolina and Southers and Virginia, will report to Major General Robert Ransom, jr., commanding &amp;c., in this city.

* * * *

XXV. The Third Virginia Volunteers, forming a portion of Pickett's division, will proceed immediately to the headquarters Army of Northern Virginia and report to the general commanding for assignment to duty.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, May 20, 1864.

(Via Chesterfield, 21st. Received 8 a. m. 21st)

Hon James A. SEDDON:

The enemy has continued quiet to-day; he is taking ground toward our right and entrenching, but whether for attack or defense is not apparent.

R. E. LEE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 44. May 20, 1864.

The commanding general announces to the army with heartfelt sorrow the death of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, late commander of the Cavalry Corps of the Army of Northern Virginia. Among the gallant soldiers who have fallen in this war General Stuart was second to none in valor, in zeal, and in unfaltering devotion to his country. His achievements form a conspicuous part of the history of this army, with which his name and service will be forever associated. To military capacity of a high order and all the nobler virtues of the soldier he added the brighter graces of a pure life, guide and sustained by the Christian's faith and hope. The mysterious hand of an Allwise God has removed him from the scene of his usefulness and fame. His grateful countrymen will mount his loss and cherish his memory. To his comrades in arms he has left the proud recollection of his deeds, and the inspiring influence of his example.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[MAY 20, 1864.]

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: From information derived from several different scouts, i do not think the enemy has advanced much to our right to-day. A skirmish line is still in my front, but I cannot learn that it is supported by any respectable force. I am told the enemy has a picket near Crutchfield's Mill, on the Po; we have one on

