
of troops in garrison; many were rusty. Ammunition for artillery and small-arms in good condition. The magazines on the intermediate line are generally damp.

Staff departments: Lieutenant-Colonel Howard has no staff, Lieutenant-Colonel Atkinson has an adjutant. Each battalion has a regularly appointed adjutant, except the Nineteenth, in which as officer is temporarily detailed for the duty; an acting assistant quartermaster detailed from the line, and an assistant surgeon; and the Eighteenth has a lieutenant detailed as acting ordnance officer. The number of extra duty men is not excessive. Four men of the Twentieth Battalion are improperly detailed as a permanent guard at Mr. Lyon's house; they should be relieved at short intervals.

As artillerists: It is not probable that these troops would do good service in an emergency, on account of their almost entire want of practice in or out of the presence of the enemy; as infantry, accoutered and broken up, as the companies now are, they cannot be considered efficient. Two or three companies of veteran artillerists would be a much more reliable force at the guns on the lines of Richmond, and these battalions organized as a brigade of infantry (1,429 bayonets), if it can be legally done, would make a handsome re-enforcement to any army in the field.

Respectfully submitted.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Asst. Adjt. General, on Inspection Duty.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., Numbers 9. May 20, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. Major General W. H. C. Whiting, at his own request, is relieved from the command of the Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia, and will proceed to Wilmington, N. C., and resume command of the Third Military District.

* * * * * * *

VII. Pursuant to instructions from the War Department, the brigade of Brigadier-General Gracie will proceed to Chaffin's Bluff and report to the commanding general of the Department of Richmond, relieving the brigade of Brigadier-General Hunton. The brigade of Brigadier-General Colquitt will relieve that of Brigadier-General Gracie at once.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Petersburg, May 20, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD, Headquarters:

GENERAL: I send you some reports just received and a sketch.* It is reported also by the signal that as many as three regiments have been seen at Red Bluff. How many regiments are coming from the south, and what will we have here for the city? There is nothing now but Sixth North Carolina, about 300, and the militia.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

