HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 20, 1864.

General WISE,

Commanding Brigade, Hill's Division:

GENERAL: The following is my indorsement on your report:*
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

In one portion of this report General Wise makes a statement that he though I was dung. I declare upon my honor as a gentleman that from arrival here and through the whole period covered by these reports herewith I have drunk nothing but water and coffee; and further, that since the first battle of Manassas it has been my practice never to touch spirits when the enemy is in my front. The order he refers to in the latter part of his letter was not issued, and I am surprised that General Wise should have embodied it in his report. With regard [sic] they are, as well as I recollect, substantially in accord with my own. I have sufficiently touched upon the matter in my report,+ written before I received this. I intended to issue such an order, but at request of General Martin refrained, withdrawing the same.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

I beg that if any of your staff had the same impression with yourself, you will please to show them this.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 21, 1864-8.40 a. m. (Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy is apparently again changing his base. Three gunboats came up to Port Roal two days since. This mornign an infantry force appeared at Guiney's; his cavalry advanced at Downer's Bridge, on Bowling Green road. He is apparently placing the Mattapony between us, and will probably open communication with Port Royal. I am extending on the Telegraph road, and will regulate my movements by the information [sic] of his route. I fear [sic] will secure him from attack till he crosses Pamunkey.

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 118. Richmond, May 21, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General P. M. B. Young, Provisional Army, C. S., now in Richmond, will take charge of the bodies of cavalry arriving here from the south for the Army of Northern Virginia, as well as the dismounted men now in Richmond and its vicinity. The latter will be armed and equipped and ordered to report to Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, commanding at Hanover Junction. The former he will prepare as rapidly as possible for active field service, and, when prepared,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

+See Part II, p. 256.

