
L. M. CAMPBELL'S, May 21, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: I met the enemy near Wright's Tavern, 2 1/2 miles from Milford, where they showed themselves in some force. I think about five regiments were seen. At the poor-house I drove them back, but they are still on this side of the river. I shall occupy the road from Milford to the Junction to-night, and will advise you of any movement. General Corse is near Penola, his left resting on this road. Scouts just in say that only 6 of Sheridan's men crossed the Pamunkey, and that they went to Fredericksburg. The raiding party who burned Hanover Court-House went down toward Charles City. This party, between here and Milford, could be cut off unless they are much larger than I suppose. I am sure that I could burn the bridge behind them, and an attack in front would destroy them. Could you send any more troops up to effect this? I know this country thoroughly, and I think that a good blow might be struck. I shall be here to-night. If any of the cavalry come to the Junction let them know that I am here.

Yours, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

NEAR PENOLA, May 21, 1864-2 p. m.

(Via Chesterfield.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

Colonel Porter states the enemy's cavalry appeared at Bowling Green this morning at 7 a. m., took the road to Milford and occupied it about 11 a. m. Our infantry are supposed to have retired by the Milford bridge. Another column of three regiments, it is stated, has crossed at Downer's Bridge, between Guiney's Station and Milford. The indications are that they are striking for Chesterfield. I shall endeavor to cover the road from Milford to Chesterfield.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

CHESTERFIELD, May 21, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

This morning Kemper's brigade was attached at Milford, by a large number of Yankee cavalry, and were compelled to retire as their ammunition gave out. Sixty-one captured. Reported the Yankees are advancing in this direction, with two brigades, on the Hanover Junction road. I have 200 men and one piece artillery on picket; on the road from Milford, 300 men, one piece artillery. Have you any orders for me?

D. B. BRIDGFORD,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

CHESTERFIELD, May 21, 1864.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Received your dispatch. Have sent one piece of artillery to General Corse at his request. He is now occupying the roads between Penola and Milford on this side of the river. One of my scouts reports he met Yankee cavalry in line battle near the poor-house,

