HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA.,Hancock's House, May 21, 1864.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: In the organization of the troops, as ordered in paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 10, it is the desire of the commanding general that, in transferring the troops one portion of the line to another, in order to bring the regiments of brigades together, and brigades of divisions together, the greatest caution should be used, and to this end the general directs that the movement be made by regiments at a time.

Colonel Harris, chief engineer, will indicate the center of the line, showing to what point the left of the right division will extend and to what point the right of the left division will extend.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 10. May 21, 1864.

I. Major General D. H. Hill, at his own request, is relieved from the command of his division. In relieving General Hill the commanding general takes occasion to return to him his sincere thanks for the able, zealous, and patriotic manner in which he has discharged the onerous duties intrusted to him. General Hill will resume his position on the staff of the commanding general.

II. Major-General Hill having been relieved at his own request from the command of his division, the following organization of the forces is announced: Major General R. F. Hoke's division: Clingman's brigade, Hagood's brigade, Colquitt's brigade, Martin's brigade. Major General B. R. Johnson's division: Johnson's brigade, Ransom's brigade, Walker's brigade, Wise's brigade.

* * * * * * *

IV. The Fourth North Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Ferebee, having reported pursuant to instructions, will proceed at once to Finley's house and relieve the Third North Carolina Cavalry, which regiment, upon being relieved, will proceed, as ordered under date of April 22, 1864, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. Colonel Baker, Third North Carolina Cavalry, will furnish Colonel Ferebee with all the necessary information and instructions from these headquarters that may be deemed essential for guarding and protecting the left flank of the forces.

V. Colonel William Butler, having reported at these headquarters in pursuance with orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, will report at once to Major General B. R. Johnson, commanding division, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

