HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, May 21, 1864.

General COLSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I would suggest that you direct Lieutenant-Colonel Guion, at Fort Clifton, to raise and strengthen "traverses" for protection against any distant fire from the opposite side as rapidly as possible-this is the quickest and best expedient.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS WISE'S BRIGADE,May 21, 1864-4.20 p. m.

Captain C. McRAE SELPH,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

CAPTAIN: I beg to inform the major-general commanding that my men have been fighting and working, and are as much rest-broken as General Martin's; that two of my regiments, the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-fourth, have been in thee front nearly as long; and that the Forty-sixth and Fifty-ninth have been working and fighting, day and night, for six days; and all four need relief as much as any regiments of the line; that to relieve Martin's brigade with my brigade is to relieve fatigued men with fatigued men, and there will be no relief in it. I have sent Captain Wise to inform you of this, and to request that Martin's three regiments and the Thirty-fourth Virginia of my brigade may be relieved by Colquitt's two regiments and the Twenty-fifth North Carolina and other regiments who have not been so much exposed and rest-broken. I will furnish the detail of 400 men as ordered, and this will make it impossible for me to do more than leave the Twenty-sixth where it is and with my remaining three regiment hold the right.

Very respectfully, &c.,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

HANOVER JUNCTION, May 22, 1864-9.30 a. m.

(Received 10.20 [a. m.].)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I have arrived at this place with the head of Ewell's corps. Longstreet is close up. Hill I expect to come in on my right but have not heard from him since I left him last night. I have learned as yet nothing of the movements of the enemy east of thee Mattapony.

R. E. LEE,

General.

HANOVER JUNCTION, May 22, 1864.

Major-General ANDERSON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Lee desires that you will place your troops in some good ground on this side of the Annaa, where they can get rest

