
stances I can be of but little service here, nor is it as important for me specially to remain in this district as for me to complete as rapidly as can be the defenses of Wilmington, suspended for the most part during my absence for the past ten days. Leaving there so suddenly, and with the expectation of returning in forty-eight hours as I did, it becomes the more necessary that I should resume my place as soon as possible. When I shall have laid out all that is necessary to be done there, if you do not join in the censure to which I am now unfortunately subject here, I will be glad if you will call me to your side.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[WILMINGTON, N. C.,] May 22, 1864-11 p. m.

Major J. W. MOORE,

Kenansville (via Magnolia):

If the raid you announce in Onslow County is found to be directed on the railroad and is serious, you will direct any passing troops to stop temporarily to meet it. You will report at once and often, giving hour of your telegrams. Sixth Florida Battalion left at 10.30 this p. m. Captain Morris has been ordered to move from Snead's Ferry toward Richlands to operate and communicate with you. Report at once and do not stop troops except on certainty.

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

HANOVER JUNCTION, May 23, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 4.50 a. m. 24th.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

About noon to-day the enemy approached the Telegraph bridge over the North Anna. In the afternoon he attacked the guard at the bridge and drove it to this side. About the same time the Fifth Corps (General Warren) crossed at Jericho Ford, on our left. Was attacked by A. P. Hill and his advance checked.

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 119. Richmond, May 23, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Captain W. D. Stuart, Corps of Engineers, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed at once to the headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty, with his chief engineer.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

