
DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 23, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Engineers, Richmond:

The iron-clad Fredericksburg has just passed through the obstructions without apparat difficulty.

C. T. MASON,

Captain, Engineers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., Numbers 11. May 23, 1864.

I. Major General D. H. Hill, aide-de-camp, is hereby placed in charge of the lines in front of the enemy, under special instructions from the commanding general, and orders issued by him, in the name of the commanding general, will be obeyed and respected accordingly. General Hill will see that the lines are properly occupied, supported, and guarded, and that due watchfulness is observed at all times along the whole lines, especially at night.

II. Hereafter flags of truce will only be conducted by brigade or division commanders. In no instance will flags of truce be permitted for the mere exchange of papers, and division commanders will see that these orders are strictly complied with. No communication whatever will be permitted between our pickets and sharpshooters and those of the enemy.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

TAYLORSVILLE, May 24, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

The enemy has been making feeble attacks upon our lines to-day, probably with a view of ascertaining our position. They were easily repulsed. General Mahone drove three regiments across the river, capturing a stand of colors and some prisoners, among them 1 aide-de-camp of General Ledlie.

R. E. LEE.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 120. Richmond, May 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. Captain John J. Middleton, assistant quartermaster, is relieved from duty with the Fifteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and will report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty as chief quartermaster of the artillery of the First Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

* * * * * * *

XI. Brigadier General William M. Gardner, Provisional Army, C. S., will report without delay to this office for assignment to duty.

