
[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, May 23, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Brigadier-General Finegan, with two battalions, 600 strong, of his brigade, left here to-day about 12 o'clock for Richmond. The enemy has renewed his demonstration on James Island-is firing rapidly. I shall retain the Twentieth South Carolina Regiment until to-morrow. It is very important that I should have few more troops. Can I get any?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, May 25, 1864.

J. D. POTTS, Richmond Signal Office:

W. H. Stevens, colonel Engineers, had to send to pontoon bridge for the Seaboard. She is in Richmond.

C. T. MASON,

Captain, Engineers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., Numbers 12. May 25, 1864.

I. Colonel William Butler is relieved from duty with Major General B. R. Johnson, and will report at once to Brigadier-General Colston, at Petersburg, for the command of the sub-district between Swift Creek and Appomattox River. Colonel Butler's attention is called particularly to the defense of Lovell's Ford, across Swift Creek, and Fort Clifton, or the works in its immediate vicinity. Before reporting to General Colston, Colonel Butler will obtain all the information practicable, relative to the defense of his sub-district, from Major General D. H. Hill.

II. Colonel Ferebee, Fourth North Carolina Cavalry, after leaving two companies, or about 100 men, under a competent officer, with orders for them to report to General Johnson, commanding left wing, will proceed with the rest of his command to the right of our lines and report to Major-General Hoke, for the purpose of guarding the right flank and the country between Bake-House and Swift Creeks. On Colonel Ferebee reporting to General Hoke, the regiment of Colonel Griffin (Sixty-second Georgia Cavalry) will be relieved, and will report to Brigadier-General Dearing, commanding cavalry brigade, at or near Petersburg. Colonel Griffin will order one company to report to these headquarters. The two companies (or 100 men) of the Fourth North Carolina remaining on the left will report to General Johnson, to guard and protect the country from Johnson's left to Drewry's Bluff.

III. The general officer of the day upon being relieved will report daily to General D. H. Hill, in writing, the condition of the lines, thee movements of the enemy, and everything else that deserves special and immediate attention.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

53 R R - VOL XXXVI, PT III

