
WILMINGTON, N. C., May 25, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

First and Second Florida Battalions went on from here last night. General Finegan goes this morning. Fourth Florida and Bonaud's battalion are on the way here.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

TAYLORSVILLE, May 26, 1864.

(Received 8.30.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The enemy has made n demonstration against our position to-day. From present indications he seems to contemplate a movement on our left flank. It is reported that the Railroad, Fredericksburg, and Potomac Railroad has been repaired and that a train of cars has arrived at Milford. A column of infantry is said to have moved from the White House, by Beulah Church, toward Chesterfield, supposed to be dismounted men of General Sheridan's command. Transports, loaded with supplies, were at Tappahannock yesterday. The supplies are landed at Port Royal. The enemy's superiority in cavalry will, I fear, enable him to do us much injury. General Sheridan's command has rejoined General Grant. I hope that all the cavalry designed for this army may be sent to it at once. I can place General Young, if sent to me, in command of Gordon's brigade until his own brigade is organized.

R. E. LEE,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 26, 1864.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: From the report of the enemy advancing his picket, protected by fascines, in front of General Kershaw, General Lee thinks an attack on that part of our line may be intended. He desires you to be on the alert and be ready to meet it if made. He has written to General Ewell to furnish a reserve from one of his divisions not now opposed to the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,May 26, 1864-11 a. m.

General ANDERSON:

I just now sent you a note directing that you advance your skirmishers to ascertain what was in your front. Since them your note of 10.15 has been received. The general says that if you are satisfied the enemy is still in force before you it will by useless to advance the skirmish line.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

