SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., Numbers 13. May 26, 1864.

I. Brigadier General John H. Winder, having reported pursuant to paragraph XXII, Special Orders, Numbers 121, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, is assigned to the command of the Second District, Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Commanding officers in said district will report through General Winder, whose headquarters will be established at Goldsborough.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c., on the lines:

GENERAL: Your note of to-day is received. Please put the hour on your communications. Colonel Harris will attend to your remarks about the obstructions in the rifle-pits; his attention had already been	called to them. With regard to a point for the exchange of flags of truce, it cannot be done now, for none can be sent to or received from General Butler; but officers bearing flags from the enemy should be stopped at proper distance, and then made to turn their backs to our lines. I have ordered some troops from Hoke's Johnson's, and Colston's to the protection of our right flank against the enemy's expedition of this morning.

Respectfully, &c.,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S DIVISION,May 26, 1864.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On account of some mistake no work was done last night on the salient in front of Ashbrooke's house. The details for to-night have already reported, and Captain Stuart will doubtless make satisfactory progress hereafter. A detail of 500 men reports daily to Captain Patterson, and he is getting along as rapidly, perhaps, as he can with the force at his disposal. General Hagood's pioneer corps is engaged in widening the trenches in the rear of his line of breastworks, and in removing all obstructions therefrom. General Clingman's men, with a limited supply of tools, are engaged in the same work. As Generals Martin and Colquitt are only occupying a temporary line, they have not been required by me, in accordance with instructions received from Major-General Hoke, to widen their trenches. The enemy has been shelling more than usual to-day, but I have heard of no casualties from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. RICHARDSON,

Assistant Inspector-General.

