
PETERSBURG, May 26, 1864.
General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have arrived here with the First and Second Florida Battalions, and detained by Brigadier-General Colston in consequence of the movement of the enemy near this place. Will leave for Richmond as soon as relieved.

JOS. FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

WILMINGTON, N. C., May 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Kenansville, Kinston, and Weldon:

By direction of General Bragg you will, by direction of the commanding general, stop all troops who may be passing you, providing, at the time of their passing, you have truly authentic information of the advance of raiders.

J. H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TAYLORSVILLE, May 27, 1864-6.45 a. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

The enemy retired to the north side of the North Anna last night. A portion of his force is still visible on the north bank, but cavalry and infantry have crossed at Hanovertown. I have sent the cavalry in that direction to check the movement, and will move the army to Ashland.

R. E. LEE.

RICHMOND, VA., May 27, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Ashland:

The following dispatch just received from General Imboden:

2 P. M.

General Hunter commands the forces advancing upon me. He occupied Mount Jackson at noon to-day; his cavalry outnumbers me two to one; his infantry four to one; his artillery four to one; he is moving on my flank, and will compel me to fall back. There is no point this side of Mount Crawford where I can successfully resist him, and there it is very doubtful, though I will do my best.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MAY 27, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have given your order to General Ewell. Just as I arrived General Pendleton came in and reported that he had seen the whole body of the enemy that was visible on the opposite side of the river to our right of the railroad move off obliquely by their right flank toward the Telegraph road. He says that he is certain that they were moving in that direction to get on a road in the rear

