
out of view, and follow the rest of the army to the Pamunkey. General Kershaw informed General Pendleton that there was still a considerable force opposite his position, to our left of the Telegraph road and across the river. No movement had been observed in this body at the time General P. left. General Anderson is now there observing whatever may occur. General Pendleton has ordered a battery down to open on the troops first mentioned. Major McClellan has gone down to the river to see what he can, and will report to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Aide-de-Camp.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 27, 1864.

GENERAL: The within has just been sent me by Colonel Marshall. If it is necessary to retain a portion of the troops to watch the enemy, put the rest in motion toward Ashland. Breckinridge could precede, then your corps, and finally Anderson.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

Major-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: General Pendleton has seen this note. My note was written upon the first report of the movement to which it refers. You have the latest information and can best decide whether all the troops can be safely withdrawn or not. It would seem that a strong rear guard ought to make it safe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MARSHALL,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,May 27, 1864-4.20 a. m.

General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: General Lee wishes you to ascertain what is in your front, and if you discover that the enemy is leaving you to be prepared to move your command promptly to the south side of the South Anna River.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 27, 1864-3 p. m.

General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: General Lee wishes you to move without halting, as previously instructed, to Half Sink or its vicinity, anywhere near Atlee's Station where you can obtain good water. General Early, Second Corps, will be near Totopotomoy and General Hill will be in the same neighborhood west of you. Keep General Lee advised of your progress and communicate with Generals Early and Hill. See that your brigade advance [sic] trains are within reach of the troops. Kee your command well closed up.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

