HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, May 22, 1864-12.45 p. m. (Received 6.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have seen no more of the enemy reported some time since. I send a dispatch received from General Torbert in reference to reported movements of Hood's [Hoke's] division. Some of the prisoners captured yesterday (from Kemper's brigade), who were in Butler's last fight on Monday, say that they forced him in between the Appomattox and James Rivers, and built a line of fortifications completely across, after which they sent a considerable part of their troops to re-enforce General Lee.

The line of battle reported this morning may have been some troops marching to Spotsylvania Court-House. I am sending reconnaissances on each principal road of infantry with skirmishers to find what is going on. If any troops come down this way, in case of a fight they should be directed on Campbell's Tavern by a road leading from Fredericksbrug, and also in the direction of Spotsylvania. The position at Campbell's Tavern is a very commanding one, and in any troops come there I should connect with them, but my line is not long enough. This position at the tavern is a better position for my right than the one I have, but would throw my right out too much exposed to roads coming in from Spotsylvania Court-House. A very intelligent Irishwoman says that yesterday at Chesterfield was Breckinridge's division, Corse's brigade, and Rosser's cavalry. I sent some infantry to near New Bethel Church this morning. There is nothing seen on our right.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

I don't believe at present that there is any enemy immediately in my front, except enemy's vedettes, which we fire at occasionally.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864. (Received 12.20 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: A negro has just come in, who left Chesterfield Station last night about dark. He says there were 10,000 or 12,000 troops there then of General Hood's [Hoke's] division, just come from Richmond, and that some of them were talking of going to Hanover Junction. He says there were not many men at Pole Cat Station last night. The above is about the amount of his information.

Very respectfully,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-Is the information from the cavalry picketing on you right satisfactory?

Very respectfully,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

