
Number of tents on south side of Appomattox greater than yesterday. Lieutenant Cannon, Fort Clifton, reports enemy have struck large portion of their tents. Behind their entrenchments their forces are moving off toward the front.

12 M.

In explanation of above, Major Milligan says Lieutenant Cannon means toward Dunn's Mill-the enemy's front from Cobb's on that line looking from signal station at Clifton.

General Colquitt says, 12 m.: Yankees, I think, are moving off. Tents are being struck. Camps in commotion. Infantry discovered moving to our left; cavalry toward our right.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS,Hancock's House, May 27, 1864-9 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Yesterday enemy made strong demonstration on right flank. To-day indications are that he is meditating either to attack or retire; if latter, he will leave a force to guard his strong line of works, extending from James River to Appomattox, which he is still laboriously strengthening.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S DIVISION,May 27, 1864.

General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: In compliance with orders from department headquarters of this date, I have the honor to furnish the following roster of brigade commanders and colonels of regiments in my division:

Colquitt's brigade, commanded by Brigadier General A. H. Colquitt-Twenty-third Georgia Regiment, commanded by Major Bellenger; no colonel. Sixth Georgia Regiment, commanded by Colonel John T. Lofton; September 17, 1862, date from which he ranks. Nineteenth Georgia Regiment, commanded by Colonel J. H. Neal; August 20, date from which he ranks; he was on duty yesterday as general officer of the day. Twenty-seventh Georgia Regiment, commanded by Colonel C. T. Zachry; he ranks from September 17, 1862, and was on duty as general officer of day 23rd instant. Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments, Colonel Tully Graybill; he ranks from November 3, 1862, and is now sick in camp.

Martin's brigade, commanded by Brigadier General J. G. Martin-Seventeenth North Carolina Regiment, commanded by Colonel W. F. Martin; Sixty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, commanded by Colonel A. D. Moore; Forty-second North Carolina Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Bradshaw. No general officer of the day has been detailed from this brigade.

Hagood's brigade, commanded by Brigadier General J. Hagood-Colonel F. H. Grant, date of rank November 27, 1862; Colonel P. C. Gaillard, date of rank October 2, 1863; Lieutenant Colonel P. H. Nelson, date of rank July 10, 1862; Major G. W. McIver, date of rank January 25, 1862; Major John V. Glover, date of rank July 22, 1862.

Clingman's brigade, commanded by Brigadier General T. L. Clingman-Colonel James D. Radcliffe, commanding Sixty-first North Carolina Regiment; Colonel H. McKethan, commanding Fifty-first North Caro-

