
anything to eat. The men are calling loudly for bread. I have sent 3 couriers and 2 staff officers back. We must get something, or the division will be worse than useless.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

ON ROAD NEAR ATLEE'S,

May 28, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Early is near Pole Green Church, in line of battle. Anderson is well closed up in his rear. Early wrote from Hundley's at 8 a. m. Keep your troops well closed up on Anderson. The troops ahead of you marched at times alongside of the wagons. You might expedite your march by pursuing the same course. General Hill is following you.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLEE'S, May 28, 1864-5 p. m.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: I wish you would place your troops on the road from this place to Haw's Shop (or Salem Church), to guard that road. The enemy is at Haw's Shop, and may take our troops in reverse. After crossing the Hanover Court-House and Mechanicsville road, about three-fourths of a mile, you reach a road leading to Mrs. Tinsley's, and running parallel to the Hanover Court-House road. Opposite Mrs. Tinsley's gate, there is Mrs. Hill. On either side I understand you can obtain water. Send forward officers to explore.

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 124. Richmond, May 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXI. Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes will take immediate command of reserve forces of the State of North Carolina. He will complete their organization, and place them at once into service. To this end he is authorized to employ all enrolling officers, who are hereby directed to obey his instructions. He will establish his headquarters at such point as he may deem best. Officers of the quartermaster's, commissary, ordnance, and medical departments are required to furnish all necessary facilities. All officers from the State of North Carolina, of the Invalid Corps, and such of the regular forces as are for any reasons unassigned, will immediately report to Lieutenant-General Holmes, who is authorized to assign them temporarily with thee Reserves.

XXII. All the companies raised in the State of North Carolina for local defence and special service will report for orders to Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes, commanding reserve forces of North Carolina, at Raleigh.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

