HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment SOUTH CAROLINA CAVALRY,Camp Lee, Va., May 30, 1864.

Colonel SALE,

Military Secretary:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report in answer to your communication of 23rd instant. I am unable to give copies of orders, &amp; c., or to report exact dates, because of the detention of all baggage at Greensborough, N. C., from the want of railroad transportation:

First. I received orders to move my regiment while at Ashepoo, S. C., first about 1st April, 1864 (which was countermanded), and again on the 15th day of April, 1864, and through General Beauregard, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia and Florida. Two companies of my regiment were then on John's Island, S. C.; one was at Adams' Run, S. C.; one at Jacksonborough, S. C., and six at Ashepoo, S. C.

Second. I received two copies of certain paragraphs, Special Orders, Numbers 65, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, while stationed at Ashepoo, S. C., about the 1st April, 1864; one copy direct from department headquarters, the other forwarded through my immediate brigade commander, and both indorsed official, in the names of their respective assistant adjutant-generals.

Third. I arrived in Richmond on 22nd instant with a portion of my command, and immediately reported to Brigadier General M. C. Butler. Owing to the difficulty of railroad transportation men continued to come in daily until the 26th instant, when Lieutenant-Colonel Miller arrived with the remainder. These men were brought on by rail, because of the want of saddles, & c. About the 1st of Aptil I received orders to move. Seven companies were relieved from duty on the day following, and on the third day, when they were about to march, an order by telegraph was received from General Jordan, chief of staff to General Beauregard, to return to duty and remain until further orders from that department. I reported this to Major-General Hampton, and after repeated applications to him was relieved from duty, and ordered to move on 16th April. The different portions of my command, under the lieutenant-colonel and major, reported to me at Branchville, S. C., on 19th April. I left them at Orangeburg, S. C., and reported in person at Columbia, S. C., to Major-General Hampton, who ordered me to remain until our horses could be shod, & c. The several regiments in advance of ours having precedence in the opinion of Major-General Hampton, I could not get the use of the blacksmith shops until the 3rd May, instant.

Having all of our horses shod in front, I ordered the regiment to move on the 5th May, instant, marching short distances for the first few days until the horses were completely shod. I visited the command en route at Orangeburg and Winnsborough, S. C., at Charlotte and Greensborough, N. C., and at Danville, Va. Upon leaving Ashepoo, S. C., I sent home every man who could procure a better horse and as many more as would make one-half the regiment, all of whom reported on the 2nd May and brought on the horses. The remaining half were then relieved, to report on the 16th May to Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, at Columbia, S. C., to come on by rail. By this means, and without any detention whatever, every officer and man in the regiment received from ten to fifteen days' furlough.

