
ing of the 22nd; arrived in Richmond, Va., on the 23d. The delay at Charlotte and on the Piedmont railroad was caused by the inability of the railroad company to furnish the necessary transportation.

With every assurance that no time was lost that could be avoided, and that no exertion was spared to facilitate the movement of the command, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

L. P. MILLER,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixth Regiment Cavalry.

MAY 30, 1864 - 12 m.

[General R. E. LEE:]

GENERAL: Your note received. I have made a road across Beaver Dam by Dickenson's into the Old Church and Mechanicsville road, 1 mile from Bethesda Church. This will give me the nearest road by Old Cold Harbor, Beulah Church, &amp; c. I have made another road farther down into the Mechanicsville road by Martin's house. The enemy's skirmishers have driven in the cavalry picket in my front, on the road from this to Old Church to my line of skirmishers, one-half mile in my front. The enemy's skirmishers are also at Bethesda Church. The skirmishers are infantry, but I can get no accurate information of the force in rear. The enemy is also in some force on the heights beyond the Totopotomoy, on the road by Pole Green Church.

Field's division is taking the place of my left division, and I will withdraw Rodes from the right and send him out on the Mechanicsville road to Bethesda Church to see what the enemy has, and, if necessary, I will send the other divisions to co-operate with him and attack the enemy, getting Anderson to take the place of my other divisions, and in the event of my meeting the enemy and driving him Anderson can move down on the road to Old Church from this place if you think proper. Doles' brigade is already on and across the Mechanicsville road, which is in sight from my right.

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.

P. S. - I am inclined to the opinion that no large force is on this side Totopotomoy. I will not go too far from the rest of our troops.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS,May 30, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major General J. A. EARLY,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: General Field reports having come upon an intrenched line of the enemy, and owing to that circumstance and the approach of darkness I have suspended his movement and have drawn my whole line back to the left again, so as to connect with General Breckinridge, between whom and the left of my line a very wide gap had been made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Major-General.

