
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Near Coleman's, on road from Shady Grove Church

to Mechanicsvillle, May 31, 1864.

Major General R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding First Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee, to say that he wishes you to get every available man in the ranks by to-morrow. Gather in all stragglers and men absent without proper authority. Send to the field hospitals and have every man capable of performing the duties of a soldier returned to his command. Send back your inspectors with instructions to see that the wishes of the general commanding are carried out. Let every man fit for duty be present.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp; C.,May 31, 1864.

[Major-General ANDERSON:]

GENERAL: General Lee has received your note of 7 p. m. He also received a message from General Fitz. Lee through Major Mason, of his staff, that his command and a brigade of Hoke's had been driven from their position this evening by the enemy, and that they were of the opinion that infantry was in their front. General Hoke will, whilst occupying his present relative position to you, be under your control. He was directed to see you and arrange for co-operation to-morrow. He has three brigades up, and the general wishes you to direct him to send back and try and get up the fourth.

Very respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OLD COLD HARBOR, May 31, 1864 - 3.15 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: The enemy are advancing on this place; nothing but cavalry discovered so far. Their advance about half a mile from this place. I am prepared to dispute their progress. Clingman's brigade, of Hoke's division, has halted between Gaines' Mill and Mechanicsville, about 2 miles from former place. Had they not better be ordered on to assist in securing this place?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

HANCOCK'S HOUSE, May 31, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General B. BRAGG:

Five trains of troops left since 5.15 a. m.; another is now loading, and the last will soon get off.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

