
Mahone drove the enemy from their front, taking about 150 prisoners. A force of infantry is reported to have arrived at Tunstall's Station from the White House and to be extending up the York River Railroad. They state that they belong to Butler's forces.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

JUNE 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The opinion of my medical attendant, Dr. McGuire, and that of myself, is that I am as able for duty to-day as at any time since the campaign commenced. I am unwilling to be idle in this crisis, and, with the permission of the commanding general, I would prefer to remain with this army until circumstances may admit of my being replaced in command of my corps.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp; c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,June 1, 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: General Lee's note to General Breckinridge, dated 8.30 a. m., has been just received. General Breckinridge is along the lines, but I have sent the dispatch to him by his aide-de-camp, and the movement to the right will begin as soon as possible. General Hill read the note on the way, which will facilitate the change.

Respectfully,

J. STODDARD JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Everything has been quiet in our front since 5 p. m. yesterday. Slight skirmish fire this a. m., but no artillery.

J. S. J.

[First indorsement.]

General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: Since General Lee's note of this morning, General Hill has sent Heth's division to the vicinity of Hundley's Corner. He may not, therefore, be able to relieve you, and until relieved, of course, you will not move.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

12.45 P. M.

Major JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

From above, I may not move. The wagons with rations and cooking utensils must come up at once. We may cook here; if not, the wagons can follow us.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

