HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 2, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Yesterday afternoon the enemy's cavalry were reported to be advancing by the left of our line toward Hanover Court-House and Ashland. General Hampton, with Rosser's brigade, proceeded to meet them. Rosser fell upon their rear, charged down the road toward Ashland, bearing everything before him. His progress was arrested at Ashland by the entrenchments of the enemy, when he changed his direction and advanced up the Fredericksburg railroad. General William H. F. Lee came up at this time with a part of his division and a joint attack was made. The enemy was quickly driven from the place and pursued toward Hanover Court-House until dark.

During the afternoon General Fitzhugh Lee was forced to retire from Old Cold Harbor, on our extreme right; and as it was evident that the enemy was moving in that direction our own line was extended accordingly, General Hoke occupying the extreme right. The enemy attacked in heavy force and succeeded in penetrating between Hoke and Anderson, where there was an interval in our line, causing the right of Anderson and the left of Hoke to fall back a short distance. General Hoke subsequently recovered his position and General Anderson's right assumed one a short distance in rear of that it first occupied. This morning the enemy's movement to our right continuing, corresponding changes were made in our line, Breckinridge's command and two divisionis of General Hill being placed on the right. General Early, with Ewell's corps and Heth's division, occupied our left, and was directed to endeavor to get upon the enemy's right flank and drive [him] down in front of our line. General Early made the movement in the afternoon and drove the enemy from his entrenchments, following him until dark. While this attack was progressing General Hill re-enforced Breckinridge with two brigades of Wilcox's division and dislodged the enemy from Turkey Hill, in front of our extreme right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 2, 1864.

Brigadier General T. L. ROSSER, Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to express the pleasure he feels in communicating to you the following extract from a note received last night from Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor, assistant adjutant-general, Army of Northern Virginia:

General Lee directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note of 5.30, and to express his gratification at the handsome conduct of Rosser's command, and his thanks for their having so gallantly defeated the enemy.

The major-general commanding desires me to add his thanks for your valuable assistance, and to say that he deems the successes of yesterday mainly due to your skill and gallantry and the services of your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. G. BARKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

