
HANCOCK'S HOUSE, June 2, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General B. BRAGG:

GENERAL: Enemy's advanced line of rifle-pits near Ware Bottom Church were taken this morning with about 100 prisoners from Seventh Connecticut. Our loss is trifling.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 2, 1864 - 10 a. m.

General ROBERT E. LEE:

No definite information can be obtained from prisoners taken this morning, but they represent enemy still in strong force in our front under General Gillmore. I may not be able to spare Ransom's brigade immediately.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MEMORANDA.] NEAR CHESTER, VA., June 2, 1864.

First. The forced reconnaissance of to-day has shown that it is not prudent at this juncture to send off to the north side of James River Ransom's brigade, which constitutes over one-third of the infantry force at present available here.

Second. Should, however, Ransom's brigade be ordered away General Johnson's remaining brigades shall take a strategic position at the Port Walthall Junction to protect from there Drewry's Bluff, the railroad, and Petersburg. Ferebee's cavalry and such other companies as can be spared by General Dearing will protect the front and flanks of that position, guarding with special care the approaches from Bermuda Hundred Neck, keeping a line of pickets as close as practicable to the enemy. Only cavalry patrols will be required to watch the right bank of the James River from the river battery at Howlett's to Drewry's Bluff. The iron-clad gun-boats should guard the crossing of James River as far below Chaffin's Bluff as practicable.

Third. Should Johnson's division be ordered to the north side of James River, Wise's brigade shall take position at Port Walthall Junction, as prescribed for Johnson's division. Two regiments of cavalry would in that event be required for its support as already ordered for Ferebee's regiment.

Fourth. The line of the enemy's works gained this morning should be held by our skirmishers, if it can be done without too great risk or loss; otherwise our line of rifle-pits must be advanced where practicable to those occupied and abandoned by the enemy this morning.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

(For Major General B. R. Johnson, &amp; c., on the lines.)

DREWRY'S BLUFF, June 2, 1864.

General GRACIE:

General Beauregard's headquarters are at Hancock's farm. You can communicate directly with him by telegraph, as his headquarters are connected by telegraph with this post.

F. MACRAE,

Adjutant of Post.

