
CAMP TWENTY-SIXTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,

June 2, 1864.

General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that during my hour of duty, everything was quiet on the line until our pickets were ordered this morning to advance. The instructions I received were carried out. I visited the whole line, and have to report that the works in front of General Elliott's brigade are much lighter than on any other portion of the line, and more thinly manned, though the position he holds (most of it) is naturally much stronger than any other part of the line. The cavalry picket on the road leading to Dunn's Mill reported that the shells from some of our batteries on the line exploded over them on Wednesday morning.

Respectfully submitted.

P. R. PAGE,

Colonel 26th Virginia Regiment, General Officer of the Day.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 3, 1864 - 8.45 p. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: About 4.30 a. m. to-day the enemy made an attack upon the right of our line. In front of General Hoke's and part of General Breckinridge's line he was repulsed without difficulty. He succeeded in penetrating a salient on General Breckinridge's line and captured a portion of the battalion there posted. General Finegan's brigade, of Mahone's division, and the Maryland Battalion, of Breckinridge's command, immediately drove the enemy out with severe loss. Repeated attacks were made upon General Anderson's position, chiefly against his right, under General Kershaw. They were met with great steadiness and repulsed in every instance. The attack extended to our extreme left, under General Early, with like results. Later in the day it was twice renewed against General Heth, who occupies Early's left, but was repulsed with loss. General Hampton encountered the enemy's cavalry near Haw's Shop, and a part of General William H. F. Lee's division drove them from their entrenchments. General Fitzhugh Lee's division occupies the south side of the Chickahominy as far as Long Bridge, with pickets extending across to the James.

Our loss to-day has been small, and our success, under the blessing of God, all that we could expect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

June 3, 1864.

It is a matter of great importance when the enemy is bringing against us all the men he can possibly get, that all our fighting material in the army should be armed and equipped, and on duty with their companies and regiments. Commanding officers are instructed to send back to the ranks all the extra-duty men who can

