
be spared through the present reduction of our transportation, and the little need of clerical labor. Cooked provisions should be brought to the front as far as practicable by wagons, and detachments sent to the rear should always be in charge of an officer. Men must not be sent to the rear upon any pretext whatever, except upon business connected with the service, or when incapacitated by wounds or sickness.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,June 3, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that he has been informed that the breast-works along part of your line are too high. He desires, if such be the case, that you will have it corrected, either by lowering the works, or having steps made inside for the men to stand upon. General Wharton's line was more particularly referred to, but it was said to be the case also in General Echols' front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - The general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your several dispatches, and to thank you for the gallant manner in which your command has maintained its position.

C. M.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Near Gaines' Mill, June 3, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that he wishes you to see that all necessary arrangements are made to keep your troops supplied with ammunition, and that the matter is not delayed until the supply in their hands is exhausted. Also send back your inspectors, and cause them to see that every man is at his place in the ranks, where his services are now so important. Let the ordnance wagons be within reach, and let each brigade commander be informed of the position of his own.

Very respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HANCOCK'S HOUSE, June 3, 1864 - 5 p. m.

General B. BRAGG:

Have no further developments of enemy's forces in my front since my letter of this morning to you. Please inform me if Ransom's brigade shall be sent to north side of James River. It constitutes one-third of my force and will be only one twenty-fifth of Lee's. I will obey with alacrity every order of the Department and will do the best possible under existing circumstances.

G. T.. BEAUREGARD.

