
bridge out to support the cavalry. The cavalry I sent to Downer's Bridge report the enemy too strong for them, and came back. There cannot be much there, I think, but I would suggest that a squadron or so be sent from Guiney's Station. I have directed a brigade to go again in daylight. My trains are safe enough this side of the river anyhow.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864-5.30 a. m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps.

GENERAL: I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of this morning. It is not practicable to send a squadron of cavalry from here to Downer's Bridge, as you suggest, as we have no mounted men available for the purpose. General Burnside has been directed to send a brigade to Dower's Bridge.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 22, 1864-6 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I have just returned from the road leading to Nancy Wright's, on the Telegraph road, and was at a point half a mile from the Telegraph road. A rebel wagon train was passing south on the Telegraph road and had been passing since daylight. Our cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Pope are out there, and can capture it, I think, if they try. General Warren being asleep I send this in my own name.

W. A. ROEBLING,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864-6.45 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that, as soon as General Wright reports to you that he is up, you move with you corps via Madison's Ordinary and Nancy Wright's to Harris' Store (intersecting of road from Milford to Chilesburg and cross-roads adjacent). You will be followed by Wright, and will take command of both corps. You will so dispose some of your force as to keep open communication with headquarters at New Bethel Church on the road from Bowling Green to Nancy Wight's. As soon as you reach Harris' Store you will open communication with Hancock at Milford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-General Burnside is ordered to move from here at 10 o'clock.

