
between General Long, chief of artillery Second Corps of this army, General Alexander, chief of artillery First Corps, and Colonel Walker, chief of artillery Third Corps. It was drawn up by General Long. It was forwarded to me about 3rd May and by me forwarded, with remarks and approval, to General Lee on the same day. Whether the general has found time to notice and transmit it I do not know, but fear not, as he has been all the while since so pressed by weightier cares. If Congress cannot now attend to this whole matter, there are two points at least which it seems to me ought at once to be arranged. First, the introduction of a juste rule than number of guns to authorize needed field officers, and promotions. Cannot each battalion in the field be safely allowed two field officers, of such rank as the commanding general may approve? Second, the removal of the offensive restriction upon grade of chief artillery commanders. Why may not this have a commander above brigadier, as well as the others? Apart from personal considerations I deem this important, and personally I feel the injury of the imputation involved in the existing restrictions.

Believe me, as ever, most truly, your friend,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier General and Chief of Artillery, Army of N. Virginia.

[Inclosure.]

Abstract of a bill for the organization of field artillery.

A battery of field artillery to consist of four guns: For such a battery 100 to 125 effective privates, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 2 buglers, 2 artificers, 1 guidon, 1 captain, 2 first lieutenants, and 1 second lieutenant. Six-gun batteries now existing may so remain till their number of men is reduced to the above standard. The batteries shall be organized into battalions of three or four batteries, and whenever it can be done without detriment to the service, batteries from the same State shall be thrown together. To each battalion of four batteries there should be a lieutenant-colonel and major; 1 adjutant, with the rank of first lieutenant; assistant quartermaster, with the rank of captain; a chaplain, surgeon, and assistant surgeon. Battalions of three batteries may have officers of each grade, or fewer and of less rank, as commanding generals may recommend. Two or three battalions may constitute a regimental group, to be commanded by a colonel, entitled to 1 adjutant, with the rank of captain, and 1 aide, with the rank of first lieutenant. Two regimental groups to form a brigade, to be commanded by a brigadier-general. Staff of a brigade to be 1 adjutant-general, rank of captain; 1 ordnance officer, rank of captain; 1 inspector-general, rank of captain; 1 aide-de-camp, rank of first lieutenant; 1 quartermaster, rank of major; 1 commissary, rank of major, and 1 chief surgeon. The artillery of an army, provided it consists of two or more brigades, to constitute a corps of artillery, to be commanded by a general of superior rank to a brigadier-general, with a staff as designated by law for general of like grade. All appointments above the rank of captain to be made by selection.

[First indorsement.]

General Bragg for remarks.

J. D.

56 R R - VOL XXXVI, PT III

