
Thomson's and Hart's, camped above Meadow Bridge and serving with Major-General Hampton. The general condition of the batteries is very good; Thomson's especially. Great care has been taken of his horses by this active and efficient officer, and they are in excellent order. Hart's are not so good, but are fit for active service. The horses of both batteries are regularly supplied with corn, and grazed, and well groomed. They are now commanded in person by Major Chew, and are camped on the south side of the Chickahominy, near the Brook turnpike, about 5 or 6 miles from Richmond.

The losses in these batteries since my last report have been inconsiderable, and the companies are full. Thomson has 98 men for duty, and Hart about 112. The ordnance wagons are well supplied with ammunition, except Blakely. The limber chests and caissons are full, and the ammunition properly packed. The deficiencies in horses have been supplied by 100 horses recently supplied to the battalion, but some of these are indifferent. About 12 mules are much needed for the ordnance wagons. The batteries serving with Major General Fitz. Lee will be inspected to-morrow or next day.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ESTEN COOKE,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

DUNLOP'S, June 9, 1864 - 9.30 a. m.

General B. BRAGG:

General Wise reports force of enemy, infantry, artillery, and cavalry, to have driven in at 8.30 a. m. his picket at Beasley's, on south side of Appomattox. Our artillery has opened. This movement must be a reconnaissance connected with Grant's future operations. The return soon as practicable of my troops sent to General Lee is again urged on Warr Department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

DUNLOP'S HOUSE, June 9, 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

General B. BRAGG:

General Wise reports force of enemy now in front of city works, one infantry and one cavalry regiment. He has opened on them with shells, but has elicited yet no reply.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

DUNLOP'S HOUSE, June 9, 1864 - 10.45 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

General Wise urgently calls for re-enforcements to meet enemy advancing in force on Petersburg by City Point, Prince George, and Baxter roads. Have sent him all I can spare from the lines. Without the troops sent to General Lee I will have to elect between abandoning lines on Bermuda Neck and those of Petersburg. Please give me the views of the Government on the subject.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

