
each falling shell intolerable. It seems at least worth a trial. The close proximity of our lines and those of the enemy suggests also another agency. Should we at any time advance for assault, hand-grenades might do important service in driving off the enemy as we approach his breast-works. Have we any made? If so, of what pattern, weight, &amp; c., and how are they put up for transportation? If none are on hand would it not be well to have some prepared very soon?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

P. S. - Can you get for us two Napoleon guns to give to General Long in lieu of two which he recently got from General W. H. F. Lee's horse artillery (McGregor's battery) in exchange for two 3-inch rifles? General Long thinks the Napoleons he thus got (bronze) too much worn, served, and honeycombed to be properly serviceable in the field.

W. N. P.

[First indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

June 10, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Gorgas.

Are any 12-pounder Napoleons on hand for General Long; any stink-balls; any hand-grenades?

BRISCOE G. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief of Ordnance, Army of Northern Virginia.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 10, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

I have no Napoleons now ready; will have some in ten days. Have 1,000 hand-grenades, U. S. pattern, with Rains' sensitive tube (very superior, explode always); have ordered 1,000 more to-day. Also have some that answer tolerably well with 6-pounder spherical case. Stink-balls, none on hand; don't keep them; will make if ordered.

W. LE ROY BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SWIFT CREEK, June 10, 1864 - 10.10 p. m.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

General BRAGG:

Information just received that considerable column of the enemy's infantry has crossed this evening to the south side of the Appomattox, indicating another attack on Petersburg. Without immediate re-enforcements we shall lose that city or our lines in front of Bermuda Landing.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

