
thall. Force not given; will be sufficient, probably, to insure success if attack on Petersburg be made after reconnaissance of the 9th instant.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JUNE 11, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I am so much disturbed about our condition, but especially about our relations to Petersburg, that you must excuse me for a suggestion. It seems to me that there is but one way to save the country, and bring the authorities to their senses, and that is to say "I cannot guard Bermuda Hundred and Petersburg both, with my present forces. I have decided that Petersburg is the important point and will withdraw my whole command to that place to-night." It is arrant nonsense for Lee to say that Grant can't make a night march without his knowing it. Has not Grant slipped around him four times already? Did not Burnside retire from Fredericksburg, and Hooker from the Wilderness, without his knowing it? Grant can get 10,000 or 20,000 men to Westover and Lee know nothing of it. What then is to become of Petersburg? Its loss surely involves that of Richmond - perhaps of the Confederacy. An earnest appeal is called for now, else a terrible disaster may, and I think will, befall us.

Very respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

SWIFT CREEK, VA., June 12, 1864.

General HILL:

I fully concur in the above views, which have been already communicated to the Government in substance if not in words. I consider it useless again to do so, as it would produce no good results and my records are already "all right." I shall continue to hold "the lines" as long as there is the slightest hope of being able to do so with success and without endangering Petersburg.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

DUNLOP'S, June 11, 1864 - 3.30 [p. m.].

Brigadier-General GRACIE:

You are ordered to report with your brigade immediately to Major-General Johnson. Order is sent by courier. Start soon as practicable in advance of brigade to receive orders as to position, so as to have as much time as possible.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 10. June 11, 1864 - 1.30 a. m.

Brigadier General R. E. Colston will assume the command of Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment, the reserve (Invalid Corps), and militia. The Invalid Corps will be stationed at the forks of the Baxter and Jerusalem

