
of which I am unaware which render it improper. This arrangement is intended to be temporary, as it is proposed to replace him in command of his corps after the present occasion for extraordinary exertion shall have passed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, June 12, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER:

GENERAL: To save time General R. Ransom was ordered yesterday from these headquarters to send Gracie's brigade to south side James River to report to General Beauregard. Please issue order to cover the movement.

For General Bragg:

I am, general, very respectfully,

JNO. B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp; C.,Near Bottom's Bridge, June 12, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States:

SIR: Will you please bring to the immediate attention of General Bragg a cause which is producing great discontent among the troops of my command. It appears that to the troops of the Army of Northern Virginia the ration issued is very much larger than the same given to my troops, although they are doing the same duty. For instance, Kirkland's brigade, Army of Northern Virginia, is guarding the York River railroad bridge over Chickahominy, and the local troops are performing the same service at Bottom's Bridge; the former receive a half pound of meat, flour bread (at least, in part), rice, pease, sugar, coffee, and vegetables; the local troops get but one-fifth pound of meat, and corn bread. If they receive sugar and coffee (only 6 pounds of one and three of the other to 100 rations) the meat is stopped. The same exists as to all my command. It very naturally and justly produces discontent. If the rations can be increased for the whole of the Army of Northern Virginia it seems to me it ought to be done for the troops who are on exactly the same service in this department. I wrote to Colonel Northrop, and he replied that all would be reduced to the same; but nearly a week has passed and the same distinction is made. I trust the general commanding will have proper orders given in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War.

Such discrimination must produce discontent, and should be corrected.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

