
against the local troops, says: "The same exists as to all my command." This includes Gracie's and Ransom's brigades, which had done and were still doing the same service as the Army of Northern Virginia, both having been longer in active motion.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Sixth indorsement.]

JUNE 23, 1864.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL:

All the troops are now, I suppose, placed on the same footing. This should be done, as I understood orally it was your purpose to so arrange the matter.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Seventh indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

June 23, 1864.

It being presumed that the Secretary of War does not concur in the comments of General Bragg, no remark upon the inaccuracy is deemed necessary. The troops are now all upon the same footing.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

CLOVER HILL, Chesterfield, June 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: When I had the pleasure to see you in Richmond last week I called your attention to the fact that there were two bridges over the Appomattox River in this neighborhood within 3 or 4 miles of each other, and that I learned that the Government had, to prevent raiding parties from entering or leaving with impunity our country, ordered the destruction of one of the bridges. This you informed me was true, and that orders would be given for the removal of the other. My information is that to this time, if such orders have been given, they have not been executed. I write now, most respectfully, to suggest to you that if the destruction of one bridge is a military necessity, the destruction of the other must follow; in fact, the destruction of Bevill's Bridge would seem to me to be a greater necessity than Goode's Bridge, for the reason that it is about midway between the Danville and South Side railroads, and if the enemy meant an attack upon both roads their policy would evidently be to pass Bevill's (the bridge now standing) rather than Goode's, if not destroyed.

I have undertaken to give you, very briefly, the state of things so far as the public interest is concerned in regard to the bridges, but I do not hesitate to add that some dissatisfaction is felt by the citizens in the neighborhood of Bevill's Bridge, from the reflection that by one bridge being destroyed a raiding party, if one comes, must necessarily be thrown upon them. They are willing to take the chances, but want the chances to be equal. I trust you will do our people the kindness to give this subject your attention and do what you think is the best in the premises.

Very truly, your friend and obedient servant,

JAMES H. COX.

