
BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 22, 1864 - 8 p. m.

General B. BRAGG:

Scouts report enemy moving out from White House with their advance at Talleysville, at 4 this afternoon. I think they will cross at Forge Bridge or below, as they have pontoons, and make their way to James River. Please acknowledge receiving this.

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Chaffin's, June 22, 1864.

Major C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No change reported this morning in condition of affairs on this side of the James. General Hampton had his headquarters last night at Bottom's Bridge. General Heth's command went down to the vicinity of Deep Bottom at daylight this morning. Brigadier General G. W. C. Lee is with General Heth.

In the absence of Brigadier General G. W. C. Lee:

RICHARD H. COX,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CHAFFIN'S, June 22, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

General Bragg has ordered a detachment of Pemberton's command and the Sixtieth Alabama, at New Market, to Bottom's Bridge to report to General Wade Hampton. I send this information lest circumstances south of the river should make it unadvisable.

R. S. EWELL.

JUNE 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR:

The Sixtieth Alabama Regiment has been doing provost duty in Richmond. Pemberton's battalion is a part of the heavy artillery force under Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton. Owing to the weakness of the forces under General G. W. C. Lee, the Sixtieth Alabama and the battalion were ordered to report to him, and were placed by General Lee at New Market Hill. The orders of General Bragg to General Ewell directing force to be sent to General Hampton have been countermanded.

H. HETH,

Major-General.

JUNE 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR:

General Hampton reports that Sheridan is moving toward Long Bridge and Forge Bridge, and that he, Hampton, would reach White Oak Swamp at 1 a. m. The cavalry force reported to be crossing at the pontoon bridge is doubtless moving to unite with Sheridan.

H. HETH,

Major-General.

