
JUNE 24, 1864 - 6 [p. m.].

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of Northern Virginia:

General Ewell and myself have just returned from the front. No change in the enemy's position or numbers as far as can be ascertained. General Ewell, as well as myself, thinks that after Sheridan's position is fixed, provided he crosses the river, and should there be no acquisition to the enemy's force of infantry on this side, that the brigades of Cooke and Davis might withdraw if needed. The only reliable information from Sheridan is that yesterday, the 23d, Chambliss engaged him near Charles City Court-House, and there has been skirmishing near the same point to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 25, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Major General WADE HAMPTON:

GENERAL: Your note of to-day from Phillips' house has just been received. I am rejoiced at your success. I thank you and the officers and men of your command for the gallantry and determination with which they have assaulted Sheridan's forces and caused his expedition to end in defeat. So soon as Sheridan crosses the river I wish you to join me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

JUNE 25, 1864.

Major-General PICKETT:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Hampton:

We routed Gregg's division thoroughly last evening, charging them for 5 or 6 miles. Their loss was heavy.

H. HETH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 25, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT, Commanding:

GENERAL: No change in my front as to position or number of the enemy. Probably about 2,000 on this side, strongly entrenched on river-bank and supported by two or more gun-boats. The object appears to be to hold the position on this side, said to be a favorable one for us. Sheridan, I believe, is crossing James River. When Sheridan's position is fixed my two brigades will return.

H. HETH,Major-General.

JUNE 26, 1864.

Major General FITZ. LEE:

Telegram received. If there is nothing to detain your command on north side James, the general commanding desires your division to come on this way, following Hampton's.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

