
MAY 22, 1864-10.20 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Your note by Captain Burke just received. I think your suggestions about General Wright's command are the best arrangement that could be made. I will have my train precede General Wright. My command is already moving. I will have Colonel Bates' command withdrawn from his position on the plank road when my column is all past.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-Major Roebling has just returned from a reconnaissance toward Burke's Shop, and says there is no passable road direct from here there. The map is very erroneous. Downer's Bridge is twice as far from Guiney's as represented, and the Ta joins the Po above road to Burke's Shop is by Madison's Ordinary.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

MAY 22, 1864-1 p. m.

General MEADE:

We have reached Littleton Flippo's, on the Telegraph road, and struck a rear guard that fired one or two guns and some musketry. We have picket up stragglers since crossing the Ta from both Ewell and Longstreet. They began passing here yesterday at 3 p. m., and the rear of the main party an hour after sunrise. I think we shall have trouble in crossing the Mat. A colored man who came up the road says Longstreet is resting about 2 miles ahead of where we are.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

MAY 22, 1864-2 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

General Burnside's head of column has just reached here followed by Wright. The cannonading we heard was an attack upon Wright's rear upon leaving the old position. The resistance to General Burnside at Stanard''s was slight. The commanding general directs that you support the cavalry in holding the bridge over the Ta, repair the road, and be ready to move either by way of Madison's Ordinary, or by the Mud Tavern and Thornburg.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DETACHMENT, May 22, 1864-4.30 p. m.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, FIFTH ARMY CORPS:

SIR: I have the honor to report that after moving down by the right on to the Telegraph road, I have rejoined the column and am at present halted for feed and to wait report from detachment sent under Captain Southwick this a. m., to Downer's Bridge. He started at 4 a. m. with one squadron. About 6 I received from

