
him a request for another squadron to cover his rear, as he had seen a small squad on his left rear. I then sent Lieutenant Barry with orders to move soon to his support. At 10 I sent orders to Captain Southwick to return and not picket the bridge. He has not yet reported. I find supply of corn for horses and meat for men.

Very respectfully,

E. M. POPE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c., Commanding.

I omitted to report hat while moving to the Telegraph road I encountered a small squad of rebels; killed 1 and captured 2; the balance went across and south of the Telegraph road. Those captured were of the Forty-second North Carolina, Ewell's command.

E. M. POPE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Harris' Store, May 22, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The only annoyance we had on the march was from some cavalry near L. Flippo's, which, together with the rumors, cost us one hour. We were, however, unable to get in the rear of Ewell and Longstreet. We were so close at Dr. Flippo's that about fifty wagons feeding there left their feed boxes. The troops ceased passing about 11 a. m. We have picked up about 50 stragglers. We moved down the Telegraph road; it is much better than the one direct to Harris' Store. Colonel Pope's cavalry is somewhere in the rear coming up. I shall send my escort through to General Hancock.

The cavalry we ran off went toward Chilesburg. Part of the enemy's train turned off the Telegraph road to that place. The road from here to Milford Station is much cut up by the enemy's trains moving to and from. I have told General Wright he need not come forgather than the Ta River to-night. If I am to continue moving south the Telegraph road is the best one. I have just caught a colored man, direct from Hanover Junction, with a carriage, in which he took off a wounded man. He says by this time they are all over the Pamunkey except the stragglers. He says they had "miles of troops and oceans of wagons and artillery." Hill (A. P.) must have taking the route through Chilesburg or one farther west.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, May 22, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

GENERAL: I am near the place known on the map as Cobbett's Tavern, and propose establishing a division there to-morrow unless orders are received to-night making it unnecessary. No enemy appears within a number of miles of my position in any direction, except a few cavalry vedettes, easily driven off. My position is, say, 1 1\2 miles this side of Mattopony

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

