
in a southern direction, with one brigade at Nancy Wright's, on Telegraph road. Nothing of interest to report. General Warren's trains have just left Madison's.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Guiney's Station, Va., May 22, 1864-7 a. m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Move forward your corps promptly at 9 a. m. to-day by Downer's Bridge to New Bethel Church, and seize and hold the crossing of the Ta River on the roads from there to Coleman's old academy, and on the road to Carrot's [Cobbett's?] Tavern. You will also get up and issue to you men to-night six days' rations from and including to-morrow. Generals Warren and Wright are under orders to move this morning to Harris' Store. General Hancock is at Milford Station. You will open communication with each of these places from New Bethel Church, holding your corps in readiness to move to the support of either. Please keep these headquarters advised from time of your progress.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, New Bethel, Va., May 22, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The great number of men straggling from their commands on the march renders it necessary that strong and efficient rear guards be detailed to prevent it. You will, therefore, detail a regiment of your command as rear guard to you corps, one that will execute strictly and to the letter your orders, whit instructions to summarily punish all men falling behind or straggling from their ranks, and especially those who may be found going to farm-houses for the purpose of pillaging. This is not to be construed into an order prohibiting foraging, but foraging must be done under authority of division commanders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, New Bethel Church, Va., May 22, 1864.

The inclosed orders, just received from headquarters Armies of the United States, are sent for the information and guidance of the different division commanders. The order of march will be as follows: General Willcox in the advance, followed by General Critten-

