
den; he, followed by General Potter. The latter will detail one of his most efficient regiments as rear guard, in accordance with one of the inclosed orders. General Willcox will send Captain Fletcher out at 4 a. m. to repair the approaches to one of the fords, some 2 miles in advance. One of Major Morton's men will report to him at that hour to go with the party. The route will be by Carrat's [Cobbett's] Tavern and Athens. Captain Fletcher can report here and obtain a sketch of the route before starting.

A. F. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Guiney's Station, Va., May 22, 1864.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from general headquarters [Armies of the] United States, you will move you command promptly at 9 a. m. to-day from its present position to New Bethel Church, a point about 2 miles from the present location of General Potter's command. An orderly will be sent you to show you the way to General Potter's headquarters. Please instruct the commanding officer to inform their men that it will be but a short march, after which they will have a day's rest; and the general commanding particularly desires that there be no straggling.

Very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, New Bethel Churh, May 22, 1864.

General CRITTENDEN,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: You will at once send a strong guard to the bridge over the Mat river in your front. The bearer will conduct the guard to its place, which will consist of at least one small regiment, say one of the regiments of regulars in General Ledlie's brigade. A copy of an order from General grant is inclosed for your information. I will give you definite orders during the night. It will be sufficient to hold your troops in readiness to move at that hour.

Very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Guiney's Station, Va., May 22, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier General R. B. POTTER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Upon the approach of General Crittenden to your position, you will move out your command to New Bethel Church, where you will make your headquarters, and throw forward a regi-

7 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT III

