
ment at least to each of the crossings of the Ta River, on roads leading from New Bethel Chruch to Carrat's [Cobbett's] Tavern and Coleman's old academy. Major Morton will probably be at your place in advance of General Crittenden's column.

Very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, May 22, 1864.

General R. B. POTTER,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received, and the order sending Colonel Curtin's brigade to Guiney's Station is rescinded, and he will join you. Please instruct Lieutenant Remington, in charge of our headquarters train, to return whit his train to the house on the hill just this side of General Meade's headquarters, where the remainder of the Ninth Corps and the Sixth Corps are to be halted. The cavalry escort will return with them. Will send you further orders during the day.

Yours, truly,

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Guiney's Station, Va., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,Commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps:

In accordance with instructions from general headquarters [Armies of the] United States, you will move your command promptly at 9.30 a. m. to-day to New Bethel Church, a point about 5 miles from your present position and about 2 miles from General Potter's present position. General Crittenden will precede you, starting at 9 o'clock. Please instruct the commanding officers to inform their men it will be but a short march, and they will then have a day's rest, and the general commanding particularly desires that there be no straggling.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, White House, Va. May 22, 1864-9 a. m. (Received 1.20 a. m. 24th.)

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report that General Gregg's and General Wilson's divisions drove enemy's cavalry from Walnut Grove across the Chickahominy, but could not get them to stand. While their cavalry was thus engaged, I ordered General Custer's brigade by the river road near the south band of the Pamunkey to burn the railroad bridges over the South Anna. He found them so strongly guarded by the enemy's artillery and infantry that he was unable to

