
burn them. He, however, burned two bridges and a portion of the Central railroad south of Hanover Coort-House. The bridges were respectively 30 and 100 feet in length. The country here is in a terrible state of consternation. I have two gun-boats and three transports with rations here. the impression throughout the country is that I am landing infantry at this place. The rebel general Gordon, wounded in the engagement at Meadow Bridge, has since died of his wounds. Enemy have lost in killed the following distinguished cavalry commanders in their engagements with my command since the opening of the campaign: First, Major General J. E. B. Stuart, commanding rebel Cavalry Corps; second, Brigadier-General Gordon, commanding brigade in Hampton's division; third, Colonel Pate, commanding brigade in Lee's division; fourth, Colonel Collins, commanding Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry;l fifth, Colonel Green, commanding regiment; sixth, Colonel Randolph, commanding regiment.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

This was brought down by Captain Babcock, commanding gunboat,who says it was handed to him yesterday evening, but he could not get away till 10 a. m. to-day; that everything was progressing finely when he left this morning. This explains delay.

GEO. D. SHELDON,

Manager fort Monroe Military Telegraph.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 22, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

As General Warren is at Guiney's Bridge can't the cavalry of mine, about 130 men, be ordered to report to me? Nearly all of my men are out.

Yours, respectfully,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, May 2, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General TORBERT,Commanding Cavalry:

I have the honor herewith to transmit a copy of an order* which has been received from the lieutenant-general commanding, the execution of which will suspend temporarily the carrying out of the instructions given this evening for the replacing of mounted recruits by veteran dismounted cavalry, and the commanding general directs that you report to Major-General Hancock with your command before 5 a. m. to-morrow.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

*See orders, headquarters Army of the Potomac, May 22, 10 p. m., p. 81.

