
New Market, moving slow. A portion of the cavalry will be sent in the direction of Chucky Bend; the rest will stay here until daylight, unless driven away by the enemy. They has a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry about 2 miles from Russellville, driving them off and losing 2 men.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD CORPS,Strawberry Plains, March 2, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Strawberry Plains:

GENERAL: From scouting parties and citizens who have come into the lines, I learn that a force of enemy's cavalry entered Dandridge yesterday morning. This force divided, part remaining in Dandridge and part advancing 8 miles this side. The object seems to have been plunder and impressment of citizens. I have had a scouting party out 10 miles to-day, without meeting the enemy. I am inclined to the belief that the party that advanced yesterday has gone back to Dandridge, where I am told there is a considerable force of the enemy, all cavalry. We will be on our guard here, and unless the force is very large, do not apprehend any danger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEW MARKET, March 2, 1864 - 9.45 a. m.

Major-General GRANGER,

Loudon:

Send one brigade of Colonel McCook's cavalry division to report to Major-General Thomas. Apply to General Thomas by telegraph for orders for the brigade. You must guard the Hiwassee bridge if it is not otherwise guarded.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LOUDON, March 2, 1864.

Major-General SHOFIELD:

Some of the cavalry scouts returning report a rebel force of 300 men and three pieces of artillery guarding the pass at the junction of the Litle Tennessee and Tuckaleechee Rivers. A force has been sent to capture them. They also report that Longstreet has passed through Greenville, S. C.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 2, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

I have just learned from what I believe to be reliable authority that Johnston has 37,000 infantry at and about Dalton. Your movement

