
ATHENS, ALA.,

March 20, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Scout in from Blount Country reports provost guard at Gadsden only; one battalion at Somerville, and all troops in valley had been order to Dalton.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 73. Athens, Ala., March 20, 1864.

* * * * *

V. Mr. Aaron Thomason, living at Athens, Ala, is hereby ordered to move south of the Tennessee River and beyond the Federal lines with his family within three days. If after that time he is found within the Federal lines he will be treated as a spy. He and his property must remain uninjured, as it now stands, and will be seized for the benefit of the United States Government. He is thus order beyond the lines of the Federal army from the fact he has extended aid and comfort to the enemy, knowingly harboring the enemy's spies, and been engaged in contraband traffic since the Federal forces have occupied this country. The provost marshall-general will see that this order is complied with.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, TENN.,

March 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to forward the following memoranda of information from deserters direct from Dallton: Linville Sheets, private, Fifty-eight North Carolina Regiment, belongs to Rennel's {Reynolds'] brigade, of Stevenson's division; left Dalton on Saturday,t eh 17th instant. Cleburne's division was at Tunnel Hill; Cheatham's division was 2 miles east of Dalton, on the railroad; Stevenson's division 2 miles west of Dalton, toward Tunnel Hill. Walker's and Stewart's division were at and a short distance below Dalton.

Thinks that there are about 1,500 men in Runnels' [Reynolds'] brigade, to which he belongs, but thinks this brigadier smaller than the average in Stevenson's division. A large number of new wagons were received by railroad from Atlanta; also a supply of fresh mules. Says that a great many new wagons were received, and that that talk among the soldier was that it was intended to fix up the transportation preparatory to a movement up the East Tennessee Valley. Thinks that Johnston has from 40,000 to 50,000 men. He has been re-enforced from Alabama, and he heard that re-enforcements from Charleston, S. C., had arrived. The army gets short rations. Thinks that there is not more than two weeks' supply of

