
short rations on hand at Dalton. Artillery horses are in bad condition. They receive forage from Atlanta. Says Wheeler's headquarters are near Taylor's Bridge, and that most of the cavalry are from Tunnel Hill down via La Fayette in the direction of Rome. About four weeks since a number of cavalry horses were sent to Kingston to forage. There are no fortifications at Dalton. At Resaca, 12 miles south of Dalton, they have some fortifications. Does not know of any troops from Longstreet having joined Johnston, or vice versa. Cars run constantly between Dalton and Atlanta. Seems to be no lack of transportation. In addition to the above information I have the honor to report that Sergeant Creager, Second Michigan Cavalry, returned at 8 p. m. to-day from 1 mile south of Waterhouse's farm; reports everything quiet on that road. Enemy's pickets (about 100) at King's Bridge, on Spring Place road. I also had a scout at Red Clay to-day. All quiet there.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Commanding Division.

CLEVELAND, TENN.,

March 21, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report that Major D. A. Briggs, in command of the Second Indiana Cavalry, returned from the vicinity of Waterhouse's farm at 9.30 p. m. of the 20th instant; reports no enemy on that road excepting scouting parties. Eighty rebels were at that place on the 19th, and remainder during the night. One of my scouts left Sumac creek south of Waterhouse's farm at 12 o'clock last night, and reports having heard drums in a southwest direction from there in the evening. It has also been reported that a cavalry force from Longstreet's command crossed the Hiwassee at Taylor's Ferry, and marched via Ducktown to join Johnston at Dalton. I have also information, which I deem reliable, that a considerable amount of corn and wheat sacked up in sacks marked "C. S. A." has been accumulated at Callway's Mill, 4 miles from Waterhouse's farm. These stores might be removed to within our lines by sending a considerable force for that purpose. I do not think it would be safe to attempt it without taking all or the greater part of my effective [force] with artillery, but can easily destroy it by burning it. I have communicated this information to General Stanley.

The scouting parties sent out this morning have not yet reported. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

CINCINNATI, March 21, 1864.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville:

You three dispatches received. Send the Ninth Corps by land, letting the sick and baggage come by railroad. I do not apprehend any political trouble in Kentucky. As to Longstreet, as soon as I

