
get the hang of things I will invite him to make a raid into Kentucky. I don't believe Longstreet is in East Tennessee at all. I will return to Nashville to-morrow, and come and see you as soon as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, March 21, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The following from General Stoneman is the only news from the front:

Scouting parties from Rutledge report nothing in that direction, except small parties prowling about the county. Deserters and refugees from Russellville report 300 cavalry at Morristown; that Longstreet returned from Richmond yesterday, and was to move with his infantry in this direction to-day.

No reports from the Mouth of Chucky or Dandridge road. Three hundred or 400 cavalry, supported by a regiment of infantry, will be sent to Morristown to-day, returning to-morrow.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Strawberry Plains, March 21, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Wood reports that the cavalry ordered on the 18th instant to cross the Holston, under command of Colonel Garrard, and report to him at Rutledge, has not done so. A small party crossed but did not await his arrival. Please have the omission corrected and report cause of delay.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, TENN.,

March 21, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

New York:

Transportation from Loudon is so limited that General Schofield decides to send troops over the mountain. I started all men able to march this morning. About 2,000 will go by rail with the baggage. I have gathered up all extra-duty men. There will be nearly 6,000. The head of the column will reach Camp Burnside in six or seven days. I will start to-morrow morning for Cincinnati, and concentrate the corps, and send forward the troops from that point.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

