
Brigadier General J. D. Cox is assigned to duty as chief of staff of the Department and Army of the Ohio. His orders as such will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rutledge, March 22, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A squad of 10 men of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry has just reported to me. This is the only cavalry force I have. This squad will be required, and I will so use it, to establish a line of couriers to department headquarters to make the daily communications. Will any more cavalry be sent to me?

I have had an interview to-day with quite and intelligent woman of Northern birth; she is a native of Maine, who lives in the vicinity of Rogersville. She left Rogersville last Thursday, and reported that Vaughn's brigade had been stationed there for some time, but crossed the river (Holston) in the early part of last week, anticipating that we would attack Bull's Gap. She further reports that Jones' brigade is at Mulberry Gap (some 20 miles north of Rogersville), strength she gives from report. She seems to be very confident, and gives facts to sustain her opinion that Longstreet's force in East Tennessee has suffered no material diminution latterly. She is very well posted in regard to the composition (by division, &amp;c.) of Longstreet's command. She says that Longstreet's command commenced to fall back in the latter part of February to re-enforce Johnston, who had been weakened temporarily by detachments to oppose Sherman, but that the failure of Sherman's expedition relieved the pressure in the south and obviated the necessity for any of Longstreet's command leaving East Tennessee. I will permit her to return to Rogersville.

I have heard nothing from you since leaving Strawberry Plains. Let me have the news.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rutledge, March 22, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A very intelligent private soldier, a deserter from the Seventh Georgia, came into our lines this p. m. He left Bull's Gap Saturday afternoon. His regiment is in Hood's old division, now commanded by General Field. He says that no infantry has left Longstreet's command since it fell back from Strawberry Plains four weeks since, but that a portion of the cavalry has gone to Georgia.

