
He gives the following very intelligent account of the strength of Longstreet's infantry and artillery force:

His division (Field's, late Holld's, Jenkins', &amp;c.) has five brigades; each brigade has five regiments and a battery of four guns, and his brigade is about 1,200 strong. He says the other brigades are about the same strength. This would make his division 6,000 infantry and twenty pieces of artillery.

He says McLaws' old division, now commanded by General Kershaw, has four brigades of five regiments, and he thinks the brigades are about of the same strength as in his division. Each brigade has a battery of four guns. This would give this division 4,800 infantry and sixteen guns. He says these two divisions and Bushrod Johnson's have been formed into a corps, of which General Buckner is the commander, with headquarters at Greeneville. He says Johnson's division is weak, probably not more than 2,000 infantry, and that he does not know how much artillery it has. This statement makes the strength of this corps 12,800 infantry and thirty-six pieces of artillery certain, with pretty certainly more.

He says Ransom's division is a small one, probably 2,000 infantry, but he does not know how much artillery it has. His statement of the strength of this division corresponds with the statement given by the lady with whom I conversed to-day, who said it had passed her house six times, and estimated its strength at 2,200.

The deserter's account gives Longstreet 14,800 infantry and thirty-six pieces of artillery known, with a margin for more. Of the cavalry he says he knows little, but estimates Longstreet's command at between 17,000 and 20,000. His statement of the infantry force, which certainly seems moderate and reasonable, added to the known cavalry force, makes his estimate of the entire strength of Longstreet's command reasonable, and certainly entirely probable. Having examined him closely, I am inclined to think his statement reliable.

He says Longstreet went to Richmond two weeks since, but does not know whether he has returned. He reports his division engaged in fortifying at Bull's Gap, making quite strong fortifications.

I have heard nothing of the cavalry yet.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

March 22, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: On inquiring of General Stoneman last evening why the cavalry had not reported to General Wood, I received a dispatch, which I inclose, adding also my reply.

The Forty-first Ohio reported here this morning, and is ordered forward to General Wood.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Since writing the above, I have received General Stoneman's explanation and another dispatch from General Wood, which

