
I inclose. I have answered General Wood, saying the question of his occupying the position near Powder Spring Gap is submitted to you, and will be determined by you. The difficulty he apprehends from the creek in his rear seems to me the only important consideration, as the gap itself is easily occupied by a small detachment, and I should prefer occupying a position in front of the line of communication with Cumberland Gap rather than upon or in rear of it. I know nothing of the creek.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

MOSSY CREEK, March 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Garrard was at my tent to-day, and informed me that he had received no orders about going to Rutledge. He is now on a scout toward Morristown, and will return to-morrow. Colonel Crawford's scouts are with him, and he is supported by a regiment of infantry. Understanding Wood's division was still at the Plains, we concluded that the intention of sending cavalry to Rutledge had been abandoned.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

March 21, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Have you not mistaken the purport of orders of the 17th and 18th instant? Special Field Orders, No. 8, paragraph V, said Colonel Garrard "will receive his orders from Major-General Stoneman, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps," and my note of 18th, directed to you, says, "Colonel Garrard will cross the Holston with the remainder of the cavalry," &c., "and will report to General Wood to act as vedettes, &c., till Colonel Garrard's return, please send them at once, and carry out the original plan upon his return from the present expedition.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff in the Field.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

MOSSY CREEK, March 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch received from Colonel Garrard this a. m. reports no enemy at Morristown or Russelville. Vaughn and his whole force at its old camp on Big Creek, above Rogersville; Dibrell's or Arm-

