
no doubt had the effect to hold them there. I have directed General Allen to forward us rapidly horses, mules, and wagons. We must equip the best we can and do without what cannot be got. Reduce the transportation at all depots and railroad stations to the lowest possible standard. Substitute poor animals for their fat ones; dismount quartermaster's employes, orderlies, infantry officers, and all unauthorized persons at every station, and take their horses to mount the cavalry. There is a new strong cavalry regiment here which I will send to Dodge, but which will be left as guard for the road between here and Decatur.

U. S. GRANT,

NASHVILLE, March 2, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

I have directed Schofield to send the cavalry you ask for, if possible. The cavalry with Smith have returned to Memphis and may be looked for in your department soon. I shall recommend the merging of the Department of the Ohio into that of the Cumberland if Schofield is not confirmed. Hovey is not assigned dot the command of Kentucky.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Lett's Farm, Ga., March 2, 1864.

General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: All is quiet in front. A few scouting parties in neighborhood of La Fayette, but they are very limit. The infantry did not advance from Dalton when we fell back. There are 1,200 cavalry encamped at a point 1 mile above Tunnel Hill, where the enemy had made a temporary breast-work of rails.

The infantry force is large at Dalton and below. The are building fortifications at every ridge and stream in the direction of Atlanta.

My camp is still at Tyner's Station. If we are to stay here we would like to move it down in this vicinity - to Ringgold at least. If a removal of the camp is approved, I would feel it a favor to have the order sent to my quartermaster at Tyner's Station.

T. J. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,March 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: A deserter just come into our lines, who left Dalton on February 24, 1864, reports 15,000 troops there at that time. He left at 9 a. m. that day, when the fighting commenced. He states that the intention was to retreat without fighting, as everything was prepared for a retrograde movement to Kingston, all the roads leading

