HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Strawberry Plains, March 22, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Mossy Creek:

The commanding general directs that if Colonel Klein has any men dismounted they be mounted by dismounting some of Colonel Garrard's; that the same be done in the case of the Tenth Michigan, so that it also may have all its men mounted; that the Tenth Michigan only be sent to General Wood, Klein's battalion retained by yourself, and that Colonel Garrard, with the remainder of the cavalry, mounted and dismounted, be sent to Knoxville. This includes the battalion of dismounted cavalry received by you from Ninth Corps.

If Garrard has already left you, please notify me at once, so that I can communicate the order to General Wood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, March 22, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Captain W. L. AVERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The general directs that the troops of the Ninth Corps commence crossing the river at daylight to-morrow morning.

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Inspector-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

March 22, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville:

Your order in regard to cavalry received, and directions issued accordingly. No re-enlistment of veterans from Wood's division reported to me.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, March 22, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Later intelligence from General Dodge at Athens shows a determination on the part of Forrest to cross the Tennessee River and strike the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad. Will you please direct General Garrard to move his command to act in concert with General Garrard to move his command to act in concert with General Dodge, and order General Elliott to collect all the cavalry available and move immediately with it to oppose Forrest's movement, whatever it may be? Please answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

By R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

