
In case you are attacked draw your entire force into the stockade or fort, and defend the bridge and trestle to the last extremity.

If you have not at least 100 rounds of ammunition per man on hand, you will supply yourself with this amount immediately.

Send by the bearer all the particulars in regard to tunnel trestle, by how strong a force guarded, condition of fortifications, &amp;c. Send any important information you may receive to those headquarters at once. If you are compelled to press horses for bearing dispatches, give proper receipts. Move all your rations, ammunition, &c., to stockade at once.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, commanding:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., March 22, 1864.

Colonel E. W. RICE,

Commanding First Brigade:

You will send the Fifty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers to Decatur only. They will report to General Dodge at Athens on their way down. You will remain with the Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, until further orders, at this place.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, commanding.

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, March 22, 1864.

Colonel F. HURST,

Germantown:

Prepare the effective force of your command for an immediate and active campaign in West Tennessee. You will go with no transportation, and only such rations, &c., as the men can carry. Take a full supply of ammunition. Make arrangement to send your camp in toward Memphis, probably to White's Station, or the camp of First Brigade. Come in on first train and report for further instructions.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

March 22, 1864.

Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS:

Has the scout from Hurst's command, ordered to proceed eastward, yet returned? It is reported that Forrest has gone north and is at Bolivar. Have Colonel Hurst send out secret scouts and ascertain the whereabouts of Forrest. Let me know what information you have.

B. H. GRIERSON.

