
command and was shot to death and the rights of sepulture forbidden while the command remained, some four days. Mr. Lee Doroughty, a citizen of McNairy County, Tenn, a youth about sixteen years of age, deformed and almost helpless, was arrested and wantonly murdered by same command about 1st January, 1864.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. REED,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST TENN. AND NORTH MISS.,In the Field, March 22, 1864.

To whom it may concern:

Whereas it has come to the knowledge of the major-general commanding that Colonel Fielding Hurst, commanding [6th] Regiment U. S. [Tennessee Cavalry] Volunteers, has been guilty of wanton extortion upon the citizens of Jackson, Tenn., and other places, guilty of depredations upon private property, guilty of house burning, guilty of murders, both of citizens and soldiers of the Confederate States; and whereas demand has been duly made upon the military authorities of the United States for the surrender of said Colonel Fielding Hurst and such officers and men of his command as are guilty of these outrages; and whereas this just demand has been refused by said authorities: I therefore declare the aforesaid Fielding Hurst, and the officers and men of his command, outlaws, and not entitled to be treated as prisoners of war falling into the hands of the forces of the Confederate States.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-Lieutenant-Colonel Reed is authorized to deliver this notice in the event an unsatisfactory answer is given to the demands made.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,

Numbers 30. Louisville, Ky., March 22, 1864.

All churches, court-houses, jails, far grounds, and all other public buildings now occupied by the military authorities in this district, will at once be vacated and delivered up to the proper authorities. Commanders of district and posts within the limits of this command will see that this order is immediately complied with. Hereafter no public or private buildings will be taken for the use of troops except in cases of great emergency, and then only with the consent and approval of the sub-district commanders.

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 23, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I have already ordered General Garrard to collect his command and report to General Dodge that he has everything in readiness to act in connection with him. General Elliott is now in Nashville.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

