
to that place having been put in good repair, but our troops pushed on so fast, compelling them to make a stand. Three divisions, except one brigade, left Dalton before Sunday, February 21, for Meridian, Cheatham's, Stewart's, and another. All the artillery nearly has been sent south, it being rumored that they would make a stand at Resaca or Rome. He also heard that Longstreet was retreating toward Virginia. He describes the fortifications at Resaca to be on the north side of the Oostenaula River, the opposite side being entirely controlled by the north shore. Being well acquainted with the country he knows of no good position, south of Resaca, for 15 miles. He represents Rome fortified with three works - two north and one south of the Etowah River. The rebels have a foundry and machine shop at that place, casting at these fords. The Oostenaula is not fordable, having very high banks. The Coosa River is navigable to Greensport. Three steamers now lying at Rome. Only a small steamer ever runs to Resaca on the Oostenaula. The Etowah is not navigable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

March 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Second and Third Divisions, Fourth Army Corps, are still a part of the Army of the Cumberland. The reports will be furnished this department.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Off Ship Island, March 2, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your kind notes, for which I am much obliged.

The time has now passed when you could act to the same advantage in taking the forts at Mobile. The ram Tennessee came down the day yesterday, and was full in sight to us off Grant's Pass, lying in the middle of the bay. She appeared to me to be very slow. A gale of wind came on from the north, and I am anxious to hear how she stood it.

You will readily understand that she can be in shoal water along-side of the beach inside of the peninsula, and prevent the approach of your troops toward Fort Morgan, and that our ships even after passing the forts will not be able to get at her, at least none but the small vessels who would not be able to make any impression upon her, so that now Mobile will have to be left until the arrival of "iron-clads;" when that will be God only knows.

