
NASHVILLE TENN., March 23, 1864.

(Received 11 p. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

I have just arrived here, and will be here two days before moving to the front.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rutledge, March 23, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Nothing has been heard yet of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry or any other cavalry, though as genial a day as this would scarcely be esteemed an impediment to fording the river. Without cavalry I can do nothing toward carrying out General Schofield's instructions, such as opening communication with General Garrard, &amp;c., and hence cannot see the advantage to be gained by keeping me in a position which entails the necessity of wearing out my transportation by dragging my supplies 20 miles from the railroad over a bad road. It is now five days since the order was issued for me to come hither, and for the cavalry to report to me here. From the length of time it has taken for the order not to be obeyed, it is difficult to conjecture how much time may be necessary to obey, it is difficult to conjecture how much time may be necessary to obey the order.

Small bands of rebel cavalry have been seen within a few miles of here. To attempt to pursue them with infantry is useless.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS,

March 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX, Chief of Staff:

Negro boy, Jack, left Bull's Gap, night before last; was servant for Major Hays, quartermaster of General Field's division; says they have one division at the gap; rest of the corps scattered between there and Bristol. Johnson's division at Midway, General McLaws' division at Greeneville; the rest of cavalry have gone to Georgia. General Gregg commands brigade in Hood's old division. No pickets this side of the mountains. No cavalry at Rogersville, nor between that place and the gap. Camp situated on the right of road, 3 miles above Bull's Gap, on the Kentucky road; one brigade about a mile above the gap. Railroad trains arrive twice each day. The railroad and wagon-road bridge over Lick Creek are in good condition. General Buckner's staff-Captain Galleher, assistant adjutant-general; Major Mastin, assistant inspector-general; Major Hays, quartermaster, of Covengton, Ky.; Captain Shelby, commissary of subsistence, Danville, Ky.; Major Gibson, ordnance officer; Dr. Jennings, medical director. Boy belongs to Captain Jack Lewis, of Knoxville. Hood's new field division at Bull's Gap, 6,000 strong. Each officer is allowed one ration, none furnished servants. Talk of sending all the negroes home. Men have no tents.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

