HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., March 23, 1864.

Captain J. D. TOWNER,

Commanding Detach, 12th Illinois Infantry, Richland, Tenn.:

Your communication just received, and approved by the general commanding, who directs that you retain the mounted scouts until further orders from these headquarters or from General Dodge. Keep them patrolling the railroad south of you, and particularly to look out for the roads west of you, and instruct them to bring any information they receive to these headquarters without delay.

I remain, captain, with respect, your obedient servant,

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., March 23, 1864.

Captain J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: The following is substance of dispatch from Major Estabrook, commanding Seventh Illinois Infantry, dated Lawrenceburg, March 23, just received. His force has been disposed as follows: Headquarters, with one company, at Lawrenceburg; one at Waynesborough, patrolling west and south; one at the factory in vicinity of Lawrenceburg; one at or near Lexington; one in the vicinity of Lauderdale Mills; two this side of the forks of the road, 4 or 5 miles out, patrolling to meet and, if needed, support these last two. A company left with dispatches and instructions for Eastport at 3 a. m. to-day, bearing also ordes for the detachment at Lauderdale Factory, to make Florence, to find battalion Ninth Ohio Cavalry, and return by way of Bainbridge with all information obtained.

Has ordered the force at Waynesborough to Rawhide, and will send that at Lexington on to Lamb's Ferry, and move with the remnant of his command to the cross-roads at Holland's, 2 miles north of Lauderdale, thus covering all the approaches indicated, and being with his whole line much nearer the point of observation.

He sent, under guard of the escort bearing dispatches to us, 8 prisoners, 6 of whom are deserters, One other, W. S. Henderson, private Company B, Ninth Battalion Tennessee Cavalry, had in his possession quite a large mail, but unimportant; also some Confederate scrip. The other represents himself as a citizen.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier General, Commanding Second Div., Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., March 23, 1864.

Major GEORGE H. ESTABROOK,

Commanding 7th Illinois Inf., in the Field near Lawrenceburg:

MAJOR: Your dispatch just received. Your force is very well disposed of. Bear in mind that it is of the utmost importance that the roads leading from the west and southwest to this place, Rich-

