
6,000 to 7,000. On Tuesday they were destroying private ferries on the Obion, doubtless with the view of preventing information from crossing. Detachments had reached Milan. The above is entirely reliable.

ISAAC R. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Fort Pillow, Tenn., March 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN,

Commanding District of Cairo:

GENERAL: I have jure received reliable information confirming previous information that Forrest, with from 3,000 to 8,000 men, was at Jackson, Tenn., on Monday, 21st instant, and has given orders for the cooking of five days' rations; that Faulkner, with from 600 to 1,200 men, was at Wellwood on Tuesday, 22nd instant, 15 miles east of Brownsville, and was also having five days' rations cooked up. The current rumor in their camps was that Forrest intended a raid into Kentucky and was to meet Morgan at some point on the Tennessee River. There was also a report that Faulkner did not have all his men with him, not being able to mount them. The men were not permitted to scatter, but were kept close in camp.

Richardson was reported in the rear with 1,500 men, and would perhaps take Brownsville, Tenn., in his route. They were badly clothed and badly mounted, but seamed to be in buoyant spirits.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BRADFORD,

Major, Commanding Post.

PADUCAH, KY.,

March 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN:

Thirty-five guerrillas met railroad train Mayfield yesterday; killed one negro man and shot several times at a Union man, who escaped. No Union man can go out of this place with safety in that direction. The interior is full of guerrillas. I have no cavalry to send after them.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find statement* of scout just returned this a. m. I believe it entirely reliable, as it is corroborated by the statements of citizens from Canton and other points south.

I have consulated with General Buckland, and he does not consider

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

