
it best to send infantry from this point. I will send Colonel Hurst, with the effective force of his command, in the morning (800 or 1,000 strong) to proceed via Somerville and Bolivar or Estenaula to hang around, harass, and impede the movements of the enemy. I will instruct him to report as often as possible, by couriers, to our forces at the nearest points. His men are thoroughly acquainted with the country. I have written to General Sherman and sent him a copy of the inclosed communication.

The First Alabama Cavalry will leave here to-morrow for Decatur, as per order. Their horses are in too bad condition to be sent by land, and one-half the regiment is dismounted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, March 23, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find statement* of scout, who returned this a. m. I consider it entirely reliable, as it is corroborated by statements of citizens from canton and other points south. The scout, I have reason to believe, is a very reliable man.

All the old cavalry at this point have re-enlisted and are now going home on furlough. What is left is in poor condition and not very reliable. I have consulted with General Buckland and Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, of General Hurlbut's staff, and as General buckland does not consider it best to end any infantry from this point I have concluded to send Colonel Hurs, with the effective force of his regiment (the Sixth Tennessee), from 800 to 1,000 strong, to hang upon, harass, and watch the movements of the enemy. He will start to-morrow via Somerville and Bolivar or Estenaula. I will instruct him to communicate at every opportunity with the nearest point. His men are thoroughly acquainted with the country, and I have no doubt that he will be able to impede the movements of the enemy.

I will put the rest of my command in the best possible shape with the material at hand, to be used as may be hereafter deemed best.

The First Alabama Cavalry will leave to-morrow for Decatur, as per order. More than half the regiment being dismounted and the horses in bad condition, I send them by river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Cave City, March 23, 1864.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have ordered Colonel Weatherford, Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, to move a sufficient force over the river to scout through all the country south of Cumberland River to Livingston, Sparta, and to clear the country of guerrillas.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

