
of the Department of the Cumberland. Brigadier General J. B. Steedman, commanding, will render his reports and returns direct to these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Numbers 26. Chattanooga, Tenn., March 23, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. The present organization of the Artillery Reserve is broken up, and the following will be substituted: Batteries F, G, H, M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and H and K, Fifth artillery, will constitute the First Division; Batteries A, F, G, and M, First Ohio Artillery, Eighteenth Ohio, and First kentucky, will constitute the Second Division until further orders. The divisions will be commanded by the senior officer present for duty. Colonel James Barnett, First Ohio Artillery, is assigned to the command of the Artillery Reserve, composed of the above divisions, and will give the necessary orders from their immediate equipment for the field.

IV. Company I, Fourth Artillery, and Company D, East Tennessee Artillery, will report to Brigadier General R. S. Granger for duty with the artillery of Nashville.

V. Companies D, First Michigan, Eighth Wisconsin, and Twelfth Ohio are assigned to Fortress Rosecrans, at Murfreesborough, for duty as artillerists in the permanent works. They will turn over their guns, horses, harness, &amp;c., under the orders of Colonel Barnett, who will have the property transferred to the batteries of his reserve, if they require it; otherwise it will be turned over to the quartermaster's department and ordnance department in Nashville.

VI. On the removal of the guns at Franklin, the Twenty-first Indiana Battery will take post at Columbia, on Duck River.

VII. Companies E and K, First Ohio Artillery, are assigned to the permanent garrison at Bridgeport, under the command of Major W. E. Lawrence, First Ohio Artillery. All the horses of these two companies will be transferred to one company, a field battery the other company to take charge of the guns in position. Major Lawrence will give the necessary orders and make the selection of the field battery.

VIII. All the guns, carriages, limbers, &c., at Franklin will be disposed of as follows: Two 8-inch howitzers, with implements, to be sent to Columbia, on Duck River; the remainder, viz, one 30-pounder Parrott, two 24-pounders, and two 8-inch howitzers, to Bridgeport, Ala. The commanding officer of the Twenty-first Indiana Battery will see that sufficient ammunition of different kinds is sent to Columbia with the two 8-inch howitzers. The balance of the ammunition and implements will be sent to Bridgeport.

IX. Captain Guenther, Fifth Artillery, will turn over to Lieutenant Nitschelm, Twentieth Ohio Battery, the harness pertaining to Company H, Fifth Artillery, if it is serviceable.

X. The Tenth Indiana Battery is assigned to duty with the artillery garrison of Chattanooga.

