
XI. The Second Kentucky Battery is transferred from Twelfth Corps, and will remain in its present position and report direct to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 16. Mount Sterling, Ky., March 23, 1864.

For the information of all concerned, the following are renounced as staff of the general commanding the corps:

Captain W. C. Rawolle, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain C. H. Hale, aide-de-camp and commissary of musters; Captain H. B. Sturgis, aide-de-camp; Captain F. W. Clemons, commissary of subsistence and chief commissary; Captain J. F. Coulter, assistant quartermaster and chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Brownlow, acting assistant inspector-general; Surg. J. F. Kimbly, medical director; Major H. Tompkins, provost-marshal; Captain S. W. Sea, acting ordnance officer; Captain H. C. Bacon, judge-advocate, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

W. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 24, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Army of the Potomac:

General Burnside asks to have the Second Ohio Cavalry, now at Cincinnati, and not mounted, ordered to his camp at Annapolis. This is a veteran regiment, which formerly belonged to the Army of the Ohio. Small they be so ordered?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 24, 1864.

(Received 2.30 a. m., 25th.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Washington:

General Schofield asks for Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, now at Saint Louis, Mo. If you will assign him to me I will order him to General Schofield. I find many staff officers curiously situated, as Lieutenant-Colonel Donaldson and Colonel Beckwith proposing to act under special ordes of the Secretary of War. I want my own staff under my own sole control, but of course subject to any inspection the Secretary of War or the commanding general may order. I will assign these officers to duty according to their rank, without changing their post at all. I understand that Colonel Swords is not subject to my ordes, and therefore shall name General Robert Allen as chief quartermaster. I propose to use the railroad from Nashville

