
to strength of the enemy at Sevierville. A reconnaissance will be sent out to-morrow to ascertain the truth of these conflicting stories. After you have rested your horses for a day, and have sent the detachment on the expedition marked out in my last dispatch, you will keep your remaining force in the enemy's front to check him, and discover his strength and intentions.

We have trustworthy information to-day to the effect that all the infantry (rebel) which were over on the French Broad have returned to Morristown. The impression is amongst those who bring the news that Longstreet is satisfied with having checked our movement at Dandridge, and has gone again into winter quarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, March 24, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Knoxville:

General Potter is here, and has delivered your dispatches. I will send him to General Allen, at Louisville, to consult with him and determine how much to leave at Camp Nelson and how much to bring away. Your supplies will come via Chattanooga. I have ordered the railroad to be exclusively used for stores, and will make all troops coming forward march from Nashville unless you or Thomas call for haste. The troops can march near the railroad, and have its use the carry the sick and baggage.

General McPherson is now here. I will accompany him to-morrow to Decatur and Huntsville. Then I will come to Chattanooga and Knoxville. I will then make any orders you want, and we can consult on all matters of business.

General Hovey has five full regiments from Indiana, which I have ordered to you, and I will re-enforce you all I can. I must keep the offensive, and I cannot believe that the enemy will attempt any invasion of Kentucky, especially through the mountains of the eastern part of the State.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Strawberry Plains, March 24, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps, Mossy Creek:

General Wood complains bitterly that the Tenth Michigan Cavalry does not yet report to him. In explaining the first delay I assured him they would return from Morristown on the 22nd and would report yesterday. Please report what has still hindered them.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

