
here to some point near Duck or Elk Rivers, to our right flank, and I may use it to cross the Tennessee at Decatur to La Fayette, spright to the south. I shall prohibit all citizens using any of our railroads south of Nashville for passage or use; and if citizens can's live at the front, they must move to the rear. We must use our roads exclusively for freight till a supply is in store.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 24, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Tullahoma:

It will not be necessary to send troops to the Decatur road. You will therefore prepare to relieve Coburn's brigade, so that it can come to the front. As soon as the block-houses are finished place them in the garrisons designated by the chief engineer and come to the front with the remainder of your command, except the necessary garrisons at Murfreesborough and Nashville. The estimate of garrisons for block-houses will be forwarded you by mail.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RINGGOLD, GA.,

March 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

All is quiet to-day. The rebels have doubled their pickets in front. A negro from Dalton reports Longstreet's troops there, probably only his cavalry, which was expected. Artillery arrived there by rail tow days ago. A citizen report that Polk's corps is expected at Dalton. Cannot General Elliott visit our cavalry?

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,March 24, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: A party of 10 men of the First Alabama Cavalry have been cut off and probably captured by a scouting party of the enemy not far beyond Johnson's Crook. You will send a picked force of 100 mounted men to scout in the vicinity of Johnson's Crook to ascertain the facts, and, if possible, relieve our scouts. They will take four days' forage in wagons, if necessary, and march as rapidly as possible till they reach Johnson's Crook. I want the greatest vigilance exercised and all possible information obtained. Put a perfectly reliable officer in charge.

By order of Major-General Howard:

F. W. GILBREGTH,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

