
ATHENS, March 24, 1864.

General SWEEENY:

A battalion of the Ninth Ohio Cavalry has just returned from Florence and reports that yesterday two regiments had crossed at Eastport and were still crossing. Order the Seventh Illinois to move forward so as to more closely watch the movements of the enemy and report with all possible dispatch to the nearest points on the railroad.

By order of General Dodge:

GEO. E. SPENCER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

ATHENS, March 24, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

One battalion of cavalry has returned from below Florence and Eastport; they report that on Sunday about 500 rebels crossed on Donnelly's boat at Eastport. This is a boat trading on Tennessee River, and used to be protected by Roddey, and so they returned to south side of river next day. Yesterday it was reported that they were again crossing, and that two regiments had got over to this side.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, March 24, 1864.

Colonel J. W. FULLER,

Decatur:

We have no infomartion that Forrest has been repulsed in crossing the river. On Sunday 500 men crossed near Eastport on Donnelly's trading-boat; made a scout toward Florence and returned to the south side of the river the same day. Yesterday it is reported that two regiments crossed at Eastport, and more were crossing. We have a regiment and battalion watching the movements there, but can learn nothing further.

GEO. E. SPENCER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, March 24, 1864.

Brigadier General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville:

GENERAL: General Potter comes to me from Knoxville, sent by General Schofield, at the instance of General Grant, to inspect the depot at Camp Nelson. General Schofield thinks the depot should not be absolutely discontinued, and it may be well to reduce its dimensions gradually, taking from it such wagons and property as are no longer needed. Knoxville will be naturally supplies from Chattanooga, as its railroad is better then the long road from Camp Nelson. I will go to Knoxville in a few days, and then will consult with General Schofield, whose personal experience may quality my own opinion. You will therefore confer freely with General Potter, and he can examine the depot, and on his return to Lousville, in

