
NASHVILLE, TENN., March 24, 1864.

General HURLBUT, Cairo:

General McPherson is here. I will got with him to Decatur and Huntsville to-morrow. If you propose to rejoin, please act at once, as I must know my offices. I know that two divisions of white troops with Grierson's cavalry and the blacks can not only hold the river, but act offensively against the enemy. Forrest is only after horses and conscripts up in West Tennessee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, March 24, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I am here on my way to Memphis. I think this Forrest movement exaggerated. Grierson is behind him, and will be supported by infantry from Memphis.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

PADUCAH, March 24, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Dispatch received. General Veatch left here at noon to-day with his division up the Tennessee River. Will send your dispatch to him by first boat.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 24, 1864.

Colonel FIELDING HURST,

Commanding Sixth Tennessee Cavalry:

COLONEL: Information having been received that Forrest with a considerable force of cavalry, had moved to Jackson, Tenn., with the intention either of crossing the Tennessee and operating in the rear of Chattanooga or of striking some point on the Mississippi or Ohio Rivers, you will move with the effective force of your command, with a full supply of ammunition and such rations as can be carried upon the persons of the men, without train or other incumbrance, early on the morning of the 25th of March, via Somerville toward Jackson, crossing the Hatchie River at Estenaula or such other points as the information you obtain may justify. The object of your expedition is to hang upon and harass the enemy, with a view of impeding his movements as much as possible. You will not bring him into a general engagement, but rather cut off and capture his foraging parties, stragglers, &amp;c.

Hold your command well in hand, and do not allow yourself to be drawn into any trap or to be surprised.

Take any forage or provisions you may find which may be necessary to subsist your command.

Extend protection as far as possible to people of known loyalty, and rather forage upon secession sympathizers. You are particu-

10 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

