
larly cautioned against allowing your men to straggle or pillage. Issue and enforce the strictest orders upon this subject, as a deviation from this rule may prove fatal to yourself and command. Look well with reliable scouts to your flanks and rear, as a portion of the enemy's force is at present; out, and will endeavor to form a junction with Forrest. Communicate as often as possible by courier or otherwise with the nearest Federal forces, and follow the enemy as long as you may consider it safe and expedient.

With your excellent knowledge of the county I rely upon your ability to inflict serious injury upon the enemy without much loss to your own command.

Yours, truly,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, March 24, 1864.

(Received 11.25 p. m.)

General HURLBUT:

If Veatch's command could be sent rapidly up to Eastport, or even Pittsburg Landing, by a rapid march back to the head of the Hatchie, Forrest would be compelled to scatter to escape. Dodge thinks Forrest has a steam-boat with which to cross troops at Eastport. The gun-boats should be advised. I go to Decatur to-morrow.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST AND DEFENSES,Vicksburg, Miss., March 24, 1864.

Captain McELROY,

Commanding Gun-boat Petrel, &amp;c.:

From information received, and which I consider reliable, General Ross' brigade of cavalry, with three pieces of artillery, have gone from Yazoo City in the direction of Greenville. I would be pleased to have you proceed with your two vessels up the Sunflower River, making a demonstration to cut him off, destroying his ferries, if he has constructed any, and gathering up such information regarding his movements as will enable me to thwart and designs he may have in obstructing navigation at Greenville or Skepwith's, returning as soon as convenient. A transport steamer for foraging purposes will accompany you, which you can use in sending any dispatches back, as you see fit. I would be pleased to have you start to-morrow, if possible. Let me hear from you at Haynes' Bluff by telegraph when you leave that point.

Your most obedient servant,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 117. Washington, March 24, 1864.

By direction of the President of the United States, Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers, is dishonorably dis-

