
INFANTRY.

First Regiment Arkansas Volunteers (of African descent) as the Forty-sixth.

Eighth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers (of African descent) as the Forty-seventh.

Tenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers (of African descent) as the Forty-eighth.

Eleventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers (of African descent) as the Forty-ninth.

Twelfth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fiftieth.

First Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-first.

Second Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-second.

Third Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-third.

Second Regiment Arkansas Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-second.

Third Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-third.

Second Regiment Arkansas Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-fourth.

First Regiment Alabama Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-fifty.

Third regiment Arkansas Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-sixth.

Third Regiment Arkansas Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-sixth.

Fourth Regiment Arkansas Volunteers (of African descent) as the fifty-seventh.

Sixth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-eighth.

First Regiment West Tennessee Volunteers (of African descent) as the Fifty-ninth.

First Regiment Iowa Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixtieth.

Second Regiment West Tennessee Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-first.

First Regiment Missouri Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-second.

Ninth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-third.

Seventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-fourth.

Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-fifth.

Fourth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-sixth.

Third Regiment Mississippi Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-seventh.

Fourth Regiment Missouri Volunteers (of African descent) as the Sixty-eighth.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 25, 1864-3 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: Your telegram of yesterday's date has been submitted to the Secretary of War, who instructs me to reply-

First. That Colonel Donaldson and Colonel Beckwith are assigned to their respective duties at Nashville by the War Department, in accordance with the established rules of the service. They form no part of your staff and are not subject to your assignment.

Second. That neither Colonel Swords nor General Allen are subject to your assignment, but are assigned to their duties by the Quartermaster-General, under the direction of the Secretary of War; and only in case of misconduct, requiring immediate action, they are subject to your orders, other than to answer requisitions for supplies.

Third. If any commissary or quartermaster within the limits of your command, though not under your orders, misbehave or fail to perform their duty, you are authorized to suspend them and report the facts to the War Department, through the chief of the proper bureau, for action, and, if necessary, you are authorized to place the party in arrest until the directions of the Secretary of War can be obtained.

Fourth. These regulations have uniformly prevailed, and their observance by commanders of departments and military divisions is

