
cating with Captain Shirk, on gun-boat Numbers 36. If you find that the place can be re-enforced, and that it is expedient for you to land, Captain Shirk will cover your troops with his guns. This movement must not delay our voyage up the Tennessee, and you must take everything with you necessary for the march, except your transportation, which you will direct to be shipped in the morning.

You must act on your own judgment when you reach Paducah, and be governed by the best information you can obtain.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

GERMANTOWN, TENN.,

March 25, 1864.

Captain WOODWARD:

Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, left Bolivar yesterday morning at 9 a. m. and reports Forrest at Jackson; has 8,000 or 10,000 men, either now with him or on the road to join him.

L. F. MCCRILLIS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS POST AND DEFENSES,Vicksburg, Miss., March 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General SHEPARD,

Commanding at Haynes' Bluff:

GENERAL: From information I have received there is a force of cavalry in the vicinity of Mechanicsburg. Send out Osband's cavalry on a reconnaissance in that direction and ascertain the truth of the report. He will drive them from there if his force is sufficient; if not, he will engage them sufficiently to ascertain their strength and probable intentions, reporting the facts as early as possible. Should his report warrant it, you will retain the regiment that has been ordered here until further orders from these headquarters. Let them start in the morning early.

Your most obedient servant,

J. MCARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 25, 1864.

Brigadier General I. F. SHEPARD,

Commanding First Brigade:

You will cause the Forty-ninth Regiment U. S. Infantry (colored) to move at once with their camp and garrison equipage to this place. Colonel Young will send an officer immediately to select a suitable place for his camp.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

S. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

