
PADUCAH, March 25, 1864 - 11.20 a. m.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Cairo:

I have scouts out 8 or 10 miles. Have concentrated my force at the fort the three past nights; stand ready at all times. I had a spy arrested this morning. He came in last night; wanted to go out on the train this morning. I have ordered the train stopped until further orders.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE POST,Columbus, Ky., March 25, 1864.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cairo, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that from the latest information received from a Union man, who left Union City last night, the forces which captured Colonel Hawkins and his command at Union City yesterday consisted of about 2,000 men, under the joint command of Forrest and Faulkner, and that their artillery, comprising six pieces, did not come up until Hawkins had surrendered. They then retraced their steps, going back by the way of Jackson. There is a rumor that a column is moving on Fort Pillow. No citizen has come from Union City or Clinton to-day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUDSON LAWRENCE,

Colonel Thirty-fourth New Jersey Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., March 25, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM H. LAWRENCE,

Commanding Post, Columbus:

COLONEL: Last advices from Paducah state hard fighting. Hicks has repulsed the enemy handsomely several times. Gun-boats are there, and an additional one has reached there by this time. Re-enforcements of infantry have gone forward. Hicks cannot be whipped now, as night favors. I advise you to see that vigilance is observed on your lines, and it would be advisable to send scouts out on roads from Columbus. Advise the general of any information you may have. Let the general know your condition for defense.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

METROPOLIS, March 25, 1864.

MASON,

Manager Cairo Office:

Just this moment returned. Find line O. K. between him and me. When I was about 2 miles from there (Paducah), they were firing about three guns a minute for about thirty minutes. Don't know

