
what to make of it. Have run my horse all the way from Paducah here. The citizens on this side the river seemed to be very much alarmed at hearing the reports of the guns. They were all out on the bank, and asked me what it meant, as I passed.

WALLACE,

Operator.

METROPOLIS, March 25, 1864.

MASON,

Military Operator, Cairo:

From all appearances Paducah is in flames. We can see it very distinctly from river bank. There is fire there sure. Whether it is a boat on fire or the town I am unable to say. No circuit from Paducah. Fire is getting larger.

Later. - Three men just from Paducah saw fighting in the streets; city on fire; gun-boats and fort firing; assault on fort repulsed; saw rebel officer bearing flag of truce; fighting with rapid discharges of small-arms; great many women and children brought across the river in large wharf-boat; they left in a hurry and know no more.

Later. - Another arrival of a family from Paducah report all front street in ashes. Rebel forces charged on fort several times, but failed. Our forces still hold the fort at 4 p. m.

WALLACE.

CAIRO, March 25, 1864.

TELEGRAPH OPERATOR AT METROPOLIS:

Your dispatches have been received, for which I thank you. An additional gun-boat has left for Paducah, and re-enforcements are now embarking. Any information you can get please send here.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Per SMITH.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 25, 1864.

General M. C. MEIGS, Washington:

DEAR GENERAL: I write you a private note to tell you of the progress of things here. Sherman has taken command, and this morning General Allen arrived for the purpose of accompanying him to Decatur, Chattanooga, Knoxville, &amp; c. General Sherman told me Allen must be his chief quartermaster, and I frankly said to him that I had no fancy, after all I had done, to come under General Allen, as I thought I had been treated bad enough already without additional degradation. He replied that he must have a quarter-master with powers co-ordinate with his own, and that he would urge my promotion, & c.; that General Allen would not interfere with me, but would rather increase my powers, & c. Now all this is very well, but it is a bitter pill to me to swallow, notwithstanding all the sugar-coating on it, for I am conscious of having earnestly worked for the good of the service.

The horse and mule question still drags slowly. There is great want of both in the front, and the prospect is anything but flatter

