
HUNTSVILLE, ALA., March 26, 1864.

(Received 3.15 a. m., 27th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I understand by the papers that it is contemplated to make a change of commanders of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps so as to transfer me to the Seventeenth. I hope this will not be done. I fully understand the organization of the Fifteenth Corps now, which I have labored to complete the organization of this winter, and earnestly hope that the change may not be made.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 26, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: General Hovey arrived here last night. A portion of his command will be here to-day and the rest in three or four days. Do you desire him to push forward at once with what troops he has here, or shall he wait until his whole command arrives before leaving Nashville, reporting in advance by letter or telegraph to General Schofield?

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, March 26, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER:

Direct General Hovey to collect his command at Nashville and march from there in a body, reporting in advance by telegraph.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, March 26, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The following telegram was received half an hour since:

FORT DONELSON, March 26, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding, Nashville:

Captain Baker, commanding post at Smithland, telegraphs gun-boat Numbers 33 arrived at Smithland at 5.20 p. m. to-day from Paducah. Reports all quiet there. City partly destroyed. Forrest lying in rear of city; attack expected there to-night. Forrest has 4,000 rebels. Brigadier-General Thompson killed. Gun-boat officer apprehends an attack on Fort Donelson.

E. C. BROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

I have ordered 500 dismounted cavalry and one light battery to be ready to move on steam-boat on river to Fort Donelson at 5 o'clock in the morning. I have ordered cavalry in preference to infantry, as they might be mounted by impressing horses in the neighborhood of Fort Donelson, and if Fort Donelson is not attacked they can join the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry and operate against Forrest.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

