
ATHENS, March 26, 1864.

Captain B. P. CHENOWITH.

Acting Assistant Inspector-General, Nashville:

General Veatch has not yet reported, nor has any portion of his division. The latest I heard from him he was landing at Clifton. I expect he is now on the march to Pulaski or this place.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 26, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Huntsville, Ala.:

The following is received:

BELOW NEW MADRID,

March 25, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Grierson scout just in. General Forrest moved from Tupelo on 14th instant with two brigades of cavalry and six pieces of artillery, about 3,000 strong, by the way of East Davis Bridge and Corinth, arriving at Jackson, Tenn., on 20th; is to be joined at Jackson by Colonel Robert McCulloch, with three brigades of cavalry, about 3,500 men, who were ordered to leave Oxford, Miss., on the 20th instant. The command is then to move into Middle Tennessee to unite with Morgan and Wheeler in Major-General Thomas' rear.

Latest information from Johnston is that General Polk had been ordered to join him at Dalton, Ga., and that his right wing is swinging round to support Longstreet, whose headquarters were at Russelville, E. Tenn., on 8th instant, preparatory to movement to the rear of Cumberland Gap by the way of Bull's and Big Creek Gaps. His cavalry is commanded by Morgan; his ordered infantry is commanded by Breckinridge, and comprises Bushrod Johnson's force. General S. D. Lee's force is at Grenada, Canton, and Jackson, Miss., consisting of Wirt Adams' and W. H. Jackson's brigades. Forrest reports that he is moving on Columbus, Ky.

The information from Johnston's army is from a lieutenant, who left Dalton, Ga., on March 10. General Grierson thinks above is reliable.

Hawkins' Seventh Tennessee Cavalry [matched] yesterday at Union City from cowardice of colonel, when 2,000 infantry under Brayman was within 6 miles.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

The operator thinks the word "ordered" should not be there, and can make nothing but matched out of the word underlined [in brackets].

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 26, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Forrest has with him about 2,500 picked men, well armed and mounted. He moves without baggage, and is to be followed by about 2,000 men under McCulloch. These are now on their way from Oxford. I have no doubt he means to cross the Tennessee.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

