
Colonel Prentice, Captains Cook and Everett, and Major Chenoweth, guerrillas, were ordered to join them, and report says for a move into Kentucky. Detachments of the Second, Eighth, and Sixteenth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry have appeared on my left, in Virginia. I could use the Forty-fifth Kentucky, Colonel J. M. Brown, to a great advantage for a few days.

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel Fourteenth Kentucky.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, March 26, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

The rebel force went from Union City to Paducah and attacked the garrison of about 500 men. Colonel Hicks took the fort. He was aided by two gun-boats. After hard fighting of several hours the enemy were driven off, probably not to return. A considerable portion of Paducah is destroyed. Re-enforcements and supplies have gone up.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, March 26, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

A desperate battle and victory at Paducah. Rebels took the town and we destroyed it from the fort and gun-boats. The enemy lost heavily, including 300 men and General A. P. Thompson killed. Our loss was probably 100 in all. The enemy now making for Columbus; are expected to-night. We shall be ready. I am urging General Veatch, who is at Paducah, to send back three regiments. I think you would send him. Forrest, Faulkner, and Richardson are combined for a desperate effort upon our wire communications and supplies. I do not expect disaster, but the danger is great.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SMITHLAND, March 26, 1864 - 2 a. m.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding:

Have just dispatched a messenger to Colonel Hicks, Paducah, notifying him of your re-enforcements, &amp; c.; also requesting him to send by return messenger any dispatches he wishes to send to you.

WALLACE.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., March 26, 1864 - 3.20 a. m.

Colonel W. H. LAWRENCE,

Columbus, Ky.:

Your dispatches received per steamer Liberty Numbers 2. Keep a good lookout on your lines, and send scouts on roads east. There may be

