
miles from Rome. Between these points Livingston's old ferry used to be in use, but it is now said to be abandoned.

Second. Hampton's Ferry, 22 miles below Rome, on road leading from Will's Valley to Cave Spring.

Third. Garrett's Ferry, on Gadsden and Rome road.

Fourth. Adams' Ferry, at mouth of Terrapin Creek. From this point south ferries exist every 6 to 10 miles, and over the shoals oftener. One steamer only now plies from Greensport to Romee; there are more above the rapids, but are said to be disabled.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

SCOTTSBOROUGH, March 27, 1864.

(Received 10.35 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. I had already ordered Veatch with five regiments, who was at Paducah last night, to hurry up the Tennessee and strike inland to intercept Forrest; also that Grierson should follow and attack Forrest, no matter what the odds.

I have with McPherson been examining our bridges at Decatur and Larkin's. To-night I go to Chattanooga and to-morrow to Knoxville. I will be at Nashville in three days with a full knowledge of all matters pertaining to this army.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 27, 1864.

(Received 30th.)

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

General Sherman telegraphs that after being certain that Forrest can not cross the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers Veatch should push rapidly to Savannah and move to Purdy to cut off his retreat.

Grierson should follow Forrest as close as possible all the time.

By order of Major-General Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, March 27, 1864.

(Received 30th.)

General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Send orders to Grierson to follow Forrest close and attack at all hazards, and follow as long as possible. General Veatch has orders to move to Purdy and the Hatchie and cut off retreat.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SCOTTSBOROUGH, March 27, 1864.

Major SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Repeat to General Veatch the order to hasten up the Tennessee, and act in such a manner as to cut off Forrest. Veatch has plenty

