
NASHVILLE, March 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pulaski, Tenn., and

General DODGE,

Athens, Ala.:

General Sherman wishes a message sent to General Veatch, who is now on his way up the Tennessee River, to this effect: To have him land near Savannah and hurry to Purdy and the Hatchie and cut off Forrest's retreat; that Grierson is following Forrest closely. Send this by a reliable person or party to intercept General Veatch near Savannah. Let the party use all possible dispatch, starting to-night.

By order of Major-General Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, March 27, 1864.

Major SAWYER:

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Notify General Rousseau that General Veatch is moving up the Tennessee, and to communicate with him if possible at Fort Henry to strengthen Fort Donelson, so that there can be no possibility of Forrest's crossing the Cumberland. Try and get order to the commanding officer at Cairo and Columbus, as also to Generals Veatch and Hurlbut, that after being certain that Forrest cannot cross the Tennessee and Cumberland, Veatch should push rapidly to Savannah and move to Purdy to cut off his retreat. Grierson should follow Forrest as closely as possible all the time.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 27, 1864.

General SHERMAN,

(Care General Thomas, Chattanooga):

On receipt of your first telegram this afternoon, I telegraphed orders to General Veatch by way of Paducah, with instructions to commanding officer at Paducah to forward this dispatch. General Rousseau sent 500 cavalry and a battery to Fort Donelson this morning, and will communicate with Veatch if possible. I telegraphed order to General Hurlbut relative to Grierson, not knowing how to reach him in any other way. Am I right? I will again telegraph to Generals Veatch and Brayman as you direct.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PADUCAH, March 27, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Dispatch received. General Veatch left here at noon to-day with his division, up Tennessee River. Will send your dispatch to him by first boat.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

