
and discouraged. Some new recruits have arrived. Being unable to mount them, they (with all others dismounted) are required to move with the command. The result is, many of them have been taken sick from exposure and fatigue. Colonel Capron writes me that he has some 250 new recruits for the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, and hopes to forward them to the regiment. Would it not be policy to send the brigade to Camp Nelson or some other point to recruit and refit for the coming campaign? And especially is it not desirable to have the Fourteenth where the new recruits can be properly fitted for service?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. DAVIDSON,

Major, Commanding Brigade.

NASHVILLE, March 4, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

You will have to watch the movements of the enemy closely in front. Should Lonstreet join Johnston they will likely attack your advance. At present most of Longstreet's force is up Holston valley. I will direct Schofield to keep you advised of the movements of the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 4, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Morristown, Tenn.:

I shall leave to-morrow morning for Washington, but shall keep up communication with my headquarters here by telegraph. All information of the movements of the enemy, as well as matters affecting the command that require ny action, you will telegraph here, that I may get them. Should a movement of the enemy be made in force against any part of our line, and co-operation of troops of different departments be deemed necessary, Major General G. H. Thomas will command during such movements.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

(Same to Major General G. H. Thomas, Chattanooga; Major General J. A. Logan, Huntsville; Major R. M. Sawyer, assistant adjutant-general to General Sherman, Huntsville.)

CHATTANOOGA, March 4,1 864 - 12 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your two dispatches of this date are just received. The information that I get from the front to-day is that Johnston's infantry (about 30,000 strong), still remains in Dalton, and, as yet, no changes have been made in his transportation - that is, his transportation

2 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

