
CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

March 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Cannot steamers be used to supply all troops between Bridgeport and Lookout, and again, to supply Knoxville from Chattanooga? If so, it would enable you to accumulate supplies at the latter place.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., March 28, 1864 - 4 p. m.

(Received 29th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

I am here. No change in the attitude of things since you left. I have given orders as to Forrest, which, if executed with rapidity and energy, should result in the dispersion or destruction of his forces.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 28, 1864 - 12 p. m.

(Received 6.40 p. m., 29th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Forrest is reported to have crossed the Tennessee eastward at Eddyville. I do not believe it, but I have ordered him to be pursued from all points, and if done I have no doubt his force will be broken up and destroyed. I wish you would as soon as possible name the generals and staff officers to be assigned to me. I can place them better now than at a later period. General Reynolds [Granger?] has notified me that he has a sixty days' leave from the War Department, of which he proposes to avail himself now, and that he is willing to give up his corps. I would therefore ask that a new corps commander be appointed for the Fourth Corps.

I will go up to Knoxville to-morrow to see General Schofield, after which I can complete thee organization and distribution of the whole command.

The enemy to our front and up the Tennessee seems inactive, and I have no apprehension of any movement into East Kentucky, and as soon as our furloughed men are back will be ready to test them on their own ground.

General McPherson and I have inspected the whole line from Decatur to Chattanooga, and have settled down to the conclusion that Decatur and Guntersville are the true offensive points on the Tennessee. General McPherson returns to Huntsville to-night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, March 28, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Move your division back to the vicinity of Columbia, and forage your animals on the country round between Columbia and Lynnville,

