
using your dismounted men to occupy the block-houses from Columbia to Lynnville and to guard your depots. Form a depot for forage and subsistence at Columbia for the benefit of your division. Keep the country between the railroad and the Tennessee River south of Duck River thoroughly patrolled, so as to guard the right flank of Major-General McPherson's command as completely as possible, and use all precautions to prevent your men committing any depredations upon the inhabitants.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Woodville, Ala., March 28, 1864.

Major LUBBERS,

Commanding Twenty-sixth Iowa:

MAJOR: It has been ascertained that Mead's company of guerrillas and bushwhackers are in a cave on the mountain where Clear Creek empties into Paint Rock River.

Is Clear Creek near your neighborhood; and, if so, can you make a descent on these rascals? The horses of the gang are said to be kept in the mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, March 28, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

(Care Major-General Thomas, Chattanooga, Tenn.):

It is reported here to-night that a train was captured to-day on the Lebanon Branch road, between Lebanon and the Junction.

This dispatch was received just before telegraphic communication was stopped between here and Louisville. The line is now down between here and Louisville.

Bowling Green reports the line cut between there and Lebanon Junction. The train was captured at New Haven. The force that captured the train consisted of about 80 men.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVE CITY, March 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville:

Couriers left this place this morning with instructions to Colonels Weatherford and Hanson to concentrate their regiments at Columbia. If it becomes necessary, will order them to Glasgow or some other point. If Morgana is advancing in force he has not crossed the Cumberland River between Carthage and Creelsborough, and he could not certainly have crossed above. The guerrilla band that burned the train on Lebanon Branch is much smaller than reported. I will give you all information of importance.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

