
CAVE CITY, March 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SPAULDING,

Glasgow:

Mount a squad of men and send them immediately in the direction of burnt bridge, on Green River, to try to catch 80 rebels who burnt a train at New Hope this morning. Send a good officer who will pursue them. Send another squad to Brownsville, Edmonson County. Dickerson is in command of rebels.

By order of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

JOHN S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVE CITY, KY., March 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville:

Rebel squad that burned train to-day numbered 25, if not less. They have been dropping into the State one or two at a time. Information just received from all points on Cumberland River. Expeditions sent to Tennessee report no force of rebels. Colonel Hughs and his men have gone over the mountains. Captain Knight will press a few horses and follow squad from New Haven in direction of Bardstown.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, 900 strong, two companies Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, and two or three small detachments, numbering in all about 1,400 men, is the force at Camp Nelson. The Fourth Kentucky, about 350 strong, is at Lexington, but I will order it at once to camp. I have information to-night, though not reliable, that Forrest with considerable force had captured Paducah, and is now between the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers, and it is probably his intention to cut the Nashville railroad. I have force enough, however, to protect the railroad. The Sixteenth Kentucky arrived here to-night, and have also three other veteran regiments, which can be used to strengthen the forces on the Nashville railroad or thrown into the eastern portion of the State, as necessity may demand. I will at once concentrate four mounted regiments at some point in supporting distance of Sturgis' force at Mount Sterling. I will keep you informed of Forrest's movements.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, TENN.,

March 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report everything quiet. Scouts from my command go to Waterhouse's farm, on Spring Place road, and Red

