HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 28, 1864.

Major W. F. BRADFORD,

Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry:

MAJOR: I send to Fort Pillow four companies colored artillery, who are also drilled as infantry, and two 12-pounder howitzers.

These are good troops, well tried and commanded by a good officer. Major Booth ranks you and will take command. He has full instructions in writing, which he will show you. I think these troops had better hold the forts, while yours are held for exterior garrison. In case of an attack, you will of course seek refuge in the fortifications.

Keep yourself well posted as to what is going on in the country and keep me advised. I doubt if Forrest will risk himself in the pocket between the Hatchie and Forked Deer, but he may try it. At all events, with 700 good men, your post can be held until assistance arrives.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, March 28, 1864.

Major SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I wrote you on Friday last and sent the same per hands of G. G. Cokeston, in relation to forage and other supplies. Have your ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Donaldson to send forage to this point? I have exhausted the means in my power to get supplies and am forced to appeal to the commanding general. If forage is not sent to this point my public animals will have to go without eating. This is our true condition and will admit of no delay.

J. CONDIT SMITH,

Chief Quartermaster Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., March 28, 1864.

Major-General MCPHERSON,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Obeying instructions from the Secretary of War, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, February 14, 1864, I have the honor to inform you that a number of copies of the President's amnesty proclamation, dated December 8, 1863, in small pamphlet form, together with copies of General Orders, Numbers 64, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, February 18, 1864, giving instructions as to the disposition to be made of refugees and rebel deserters coming within our lines, have been ordered to be forwarded to you for distribution, as far as possible, among the rebel armies and inhabitants in your front. The Secretary of War directs that upon receiving the proclamation and order, every effort practicable be made for such distribution by cavalry expeditions, scouts, and other means; and that it be distributed throughout the rebel country in such numbers that it cannot be sup

12 R R - VOL XXXII, PT III

