
pressed. I have the honor to inform you that reports of operations and successes in this distribution will be called for by the Adjutant-General of the Army from time to time.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your very obedient servant,

R. A. ALGER,

Colonel Fifth Michigan Cavalry, Special Commissioner, &amp; c.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., March 28, 1864.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

I am informed by telegraph that the Copperheads have killed the surgeon and a private of the Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry, and wounded the colonel and others at Charleston, Coles County, Ill., to-day. The mayor of Mattoon telegraphs that the Copperheads are rising in Moultrie County, adjoining Coles. I think there is reason to apprehend serious trouble unless promptly checked. The Fifty-fourth Illinois is now at Charleston. There are veteran troops here in camp, say 200, and others can soon be gathered up if necessary. I should be glad to render any service in my power.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,
 Nashville, Tenn., March 28, 1864.

Numbers 4.

Captain Montgomery Rochester, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is assigned to duty in the adjutant-general's department at these headquarters, and will be respected accordingly.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, March 29, 1864 - 10 p. m.

(Received 10.40 a. m., 31st.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

Steam-boats run regularly from Bridgeport to Chattanooga and from Chattanooga to Knoxville. Stores are rapidly accumulating at Chattanooga and Knoxville, and I will push them still more rapidly. Longstreet is leaving East Tennessee, and the secessionists are also going away, showing it to be a permanent abandonment.

Schofield has a much smaller command than I supposed, but he will push beyond Bull's Gap and develop the truth of the reports. Shall I order him to take up rails on the railroad, so as to enable me to draw a part of his command to General Thomas when the time comes to move against Johnston. I shall stay here all day to-morrow, and should like to hear from you before I return to Nashville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

