
CLEVELAND, TENN.,

March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report that my scouts have just reported from 2 1/2 miles south of Red Clay. Lines of the enemy on that and Spring Place road the same; everything quiet except firing (artillery) in direction of Ringgold or Tunnel Hill. Another scouting party from Spring Place road report Martin's cavalry command moving around on the left of their line to a place called Blue Pond or Blue Mountain.

Eight thousand infantry from Longstreet's command said to have joined Johnston's forces at Dalton.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL.

MOSSY CREEK, March 29, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Two scouts just in from Falls Branch and Jonesborough. They report rebel infantry are leaving daily, all going to Virginia; also some of their cavalry going to Virginia. Two brigades of cavalry on the 27th instant passed Falls Branch, going to Kingsport. B. R. Johnson's division passed Jonesborough on 25th instant. McLaw's division was leaving Greeneville on the 27th. Some cavalry still in Bull's Gap and Howard's Gap. Three trains of cars come daily to Greeneville and take off troops, artillery wagons, &amp; c. Rebel citizens all leaving the country; a good indication.

R. A. CRAWFORD,

Colonel and Chief of Scouts.

LOUDON, March 29, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Marsh, who is guarding Davis' Ford, on Little Tennessee, reports that quite a large force of rebel cavalry was at Maryville yesterday; also parties at Unitia and Friendsville. General Granger is still absent. Shall I send one of the regiments of cavalry from Madisonville over to drive them out?

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

LOOKOUT VALLEY,

March 29, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Howard's scouts sent to McLemore's Cove report the gaps of Lookout Mountain guarded by squads of rebel cavalry of about 40 men each. McDonald's, Cooper's, and Stevens' Gaps could not be entered. The inhabitants report a rumor that a regiment of rebel cavalry was on Lookout Mountain.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

