
being sent to the rear before the reconnaissance from this post was made, has not returned to Dalton. Deserters say it was understood in the army that they would fall back, and that the movements had commenced already, but the troops were all ordered back, Johnston supposing we had advanced against Dalton in full force. Not having brought back his transportation makes me believe he will fall back yet, but I am nevertheless taking every precaution to get the earliest information should he advance against me. None of Longstreet's troops have joined him as yet.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, March 4, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

The Tennessee is now up so that an attempt will be made to get steamers above Muscle Shoals. Should they succeed in getting up be prepared to convoy them. One steamer can be retained for our purposes, should they get above.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

PRIVATE.] NASHVILLE, TENN.,

March 4, 1864.

DEAR SHERMAN: The bill reviving the grade of lieutenant-general in the army has become a law, and my name has been sent to the Senate for the place. I now receive orders to report to Washington immediately in person, which indicates either a confirmation or a likelihood of confirmation.

I start in the morning to comply with the order, but I shall say very distinctly on my arrival there that I accept no appointment which will require me to make that city my headquarters. this, however, is not what I started out to write about.

Whilst I have been eminently successful in this war in at least gaining the confidence of the public, no one feels more than me how much of this success is due to the energy, shill, and the harmonious putting forth of that energy and skill, of those who it has been my good fortune to have occupying a subordinate position under me.

There are many officers to whom these remarks are applicable to a greater or less degree, proportionate to their ability as soldiers, but what I want is to express my thanks to you and McPherson as the men to whom, above all others, I feel indebted for whatever I have had of success. How far your advice and suggestions have been of been given you to do entitles you to the reward I am receiving, you cannot know as well as me. I feel all the gratitude this letter would express, giving it the most flattering construction.

The word "you" I use in the plural, intending it for McPherson also. I should write to him, and will some day, but starting in the morning I do not know that I will find time just now.

Your friend,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

