
LOOKOUT VALLEY, TENN.,

March 29, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The following telegram has just been received, and in compliance therewith the major-general commanding directs that you detail two regiments of infantry to proceed as early as practicable to-morrow morning to McLemore's Cove:

CHATTANOOGA, March 29, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER:

The major-general commanding directs that you send two regiments of infantry to McLemore's Cove and the gaps of Lookout Mountain for the purpose of ascertaining the strength and position of the rebel cavalry. The regiments will carry three days' rations.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 29, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Athens:

General Garrard is ordered by Major-General Thomas to move his cavalry up on the line of the Decatur and Nashville Railroad, occupying Columbia and Lynnville, and guarding that portion of the road. He is at present guarding a portion of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad near Mooresville, and has about 15,000 bushels of corn in that vicinity, which he will turn over to your quartermaster.

You will make arrangements to relieve his men on Friday, and as soon as he can relieve that portion of your command guarding railroad north of Lynnvillee you will order them to the front.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, March 29, 1864.

(Received 30th.)

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Dispatch directing to move my division to vicinity of Columbia received. As soon as General McPherson relieves my troops by arranging for the guard duty they are now performing, and my quartermaster can dispose of the property collected through this section, I will move. My quartermaster is now absent on duty, but should be here day after to-morrow.

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, March 29, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

SAWYER, Nashville:

Order the most vigorous pursuit possible of the party that has appeared near Lebanon Junction. Burbridge, at Louisville, should attend to it. There is a force of 2,000 cavalry, under Sturgis, at

