
Paris, who can prevent escape to the east, and there are several Kentucky regiments of mounted men subject to Burbridge's command. Issue orders assigning to Schofield, Army of the Ohio, General Hovey and the regiments brought by him from Indiana, and order him to conduct them via Murfreesborough, Cowan, Bridgeport, and Chattanooga, to report in advance by letter and telegraph to Schofield at Knoxville. Issue orders that commissaries at the principal stations along the railroad be prepared to issue provisions to troops marching to the front on the return of the officers in command. Commanding officers of regiments on the march should report by telegraph in advance of their progress.

SHERMAN.

NASHVILLE, March 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding, Louisville:

The enemy are reported at Eddyville. If Forrest or any portion of the rebel command attempt to cross through Kentucky, Hobson or yourself should collect all the returning veterans and such other troops as you can find and try and cut him off, according to the route he may attempt. The general directs that you impress on all that they must not act on the defensive, but must pursue and do all that is possible to kill, capture, and destroy every man of Forrest's command that has crossed the Tennessee.

The stockade and railroad defenses must be defended if only 50 men have to fight, 1,000 men, for Forrest will not have time to stay long in any one place.

Answer what may be your latest information.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATHENS, March 29, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Nashville:

Please inform me at what point it is represented that Forrest crossed the Tennessee River, and at what time.

I have no information of Forrest having crossed the river.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Paris, Ky., March 29, 1864.

CHIEF OF STAFF,

Knoxville, or

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I regret to have to inform you that the mounting and equipping of my command does not progress as rapidly as I could wish nor as you have probably been expecting.

The circumlocution which is necessary to be gone through with is extremely trying on the nerves of an impatient man, but there is no such thing as avoiding it.

