
There is no doubt but Peter M. Everett, with 300 men, is hanging about Owingsville and, I fear, covering the advance of a larger force. Yet I hope it may not be so. Whatever information I may receive from my scouts confirming or contradicting this notion I will communicate to you by telegraph. Forrest is roaming at large in the southwestern portion of the State, probably with the idea of drawing us away from this section.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Paris, Ky., March 29, 1864.

CHIEF OF STAFF,

Knoxville, or

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department:

I have removed my headquarters to this place, and am bringing most of the cavalry to within 5 miles of Paris, on the Mount Sterling and Paris pike. By this arrangement I will be able to dispense with a considerable amount of transportation, hasten the equipment of the troops, and guard the country about Mount Sterling equally well. I have thought frequently of writing you on the general condition of affairs for the defense of this part of Kentucky against raids or an invasion, but have been prevented by the idea that as it was not strictly my business it might be better not to trouble you with matters outside my legitimate province. I think, however, it is due to you and to myself that I should at least call your attention to some few facts.

In the first place, my duties here are specific and confined to the limits of my camps, or, in other words, I have no geographical command and am not responsible for the defense of this State. Should an invasion occur I will of course co-operate to the fullest of my power with General Burbridge, as I have already informed him; but as to the forces beyond my own available for defense, I of course have no knowledge of their numbers or location. Being always willing to do my utmost for the common interest, and feeling anxious about the raid from Pound gap, via Irvine, to Camp Nelson, I some two weeks ago or more telegraphed to inquire of General Burbridge whether or not he had any troops guarding that road, as I wished to send a scout in case he had not. He replied that he had sent the Forty-fifth Kentucky to Irvine. Still feeling uneasy, I some five or six days ago telegraphed again on the subject, and he replied that the Forty-fifth Kentucky had been ordered to Irvinee, but whether it had reached that place or not he could not say. Since arriving here to-day, I learn that the Forty-fifth Kentucky is still at Flemingsburg.

Now, I do not refer to these things for the purpose of criticizing General Burbridge; his affairs are not mine, and moreover he may have sent some other troops there; yet I do not believe we have a soldier between Camp Nelson and Pound Gap. My own troops are just about in the act of receiving arms, &amp; c., and it is a pity that I should be compelled to scatter them, yet I will have to send something on that road. Again, should a formidable raid be made, I

