
The above is respectfully furnished for your information and guidance. You will please cause such of the instructions contained therein as is within your power to be carried into effect. General Burbridge as also the veteran regiments marching south, will be at once notified from these headquarters of the foregoing, and direction given for their future actions.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, March 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Knoxville:

No definite news of Forrest has been received to-day. The train which was captured at Lebanon was attacked by a small party of guerrillas. General Burbridge sent in pursuit of them. The force stated to be at Eddyville was, as near as I can learn, but a small party of guerrillas, at least it was not Forrest; in fact, I do not think he has crossed the Tennessee. I have, however, taken every precaution. Your instructions have been fully carried out. Burbridge has been notified in accordance with your telegram, also commanding officers at Columbia, Pulaski, and Athens, relative to notifying veteran troops returning to the front. There is nothing further new.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

METROPOLIS, March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding:

I am informed by Parson Carrington, from Kentucky side, whom I know to be reliable, that Forrest's headquarters are at Mayfield to-day; that his men are scattered on aa furlough until to-morrow morning, and if compelled to leave he intends conscripting the whole country as he goes. This information is from rebel captain in Forrest's command, received this morning from him in Lovelaceville, Ky.

CHAS. WALLACEE,

Operator.

PADUCAH, March 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN,

Commanding:

My scouts have just come in, and report rebels all over the country around Mayfield; headquarters there. They are in gangs of 10 and 20, gathering up all the horses and mules, pressing in wagons and teams, gathering all the bacon, &amp; c. Cavalry force thrown there would do valuable service.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

