
Demopolis on February 28 with 15,000 men; part went toward Memphis, part into Middle Tennessee, and the balance, about 4,000, went with Forrest to Paducah; that they were poorly clad and mounted, but well armed; that those who crossed the Cumberland were furloughed for six days, with orders to report at Mayfield. Reports indicate that the number that crossed will not exceed 100, and my mounted men are hunting them.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, March 30, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY, Pulaski:

By direction of General Dodge, the Fiftieth Illinois has been ordered to move to Mooresville, relieving General Garrard's command.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tenn., March 30, 1864.

Colonel J. B. WEAVER,

Commanding Post:

You will send Lieutenant Mosely and all of his party of Forrest's scouts to Tullahoma, and turn them over to General Slocum. The guard will number as many as the prisoners, and will be commanded by one of your best lieutenants, who will report at these headquarters for instructions. They will go by railroad to Nashville, and from thence by rail to Tullahoma. Surgeon Marsh reports Mosely able to travel. Send them off to-day if possible.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny:

JAMES DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant Fifty-second Illinois Vols., Aide-de-Camp.

ATHENS, March 30, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. MCPHERSON, Huntsville:

I have ordered Fiftieth Illinois to Mooresville. If General Garrard does not extend his lines south of Lynnville he will only relieve a few companies of mine. If he should guard the road to Pulaski that would allow me to bring forward one brigade. There are more bridges between Pulaski and Lynnville than north of that point.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, March 30, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

General Veatch says he arrived at Clinton yesterday, and left for Savannah and Purdy as ordered. Says he has no news of Forrest since he left Paducah.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

