HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., March 30, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

The Second Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland, Brigadier-General Garrard commanding, has been ordered by General Thomas to occupy the country and guard the railroad north of Pulaski, relieving your troops. It will locate at Columbia and Lynnville and will move from Mooresville Friday. As soon as the regiments of the Second Brigade are relieved that brigade will be ordered to the front and will report at Athens for orders. The companies guarding the mills can probably be relieved and the mills abandoned, as we shall be able hereafter to draw our flour from Nashville.

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WOODVILLE, ALA.,

March 30, 1864.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fifteenth Army Corps, Huntsville, Ala.:

Colonel Gage, at Cottonville, reports this a. m. as follows: First, that Sam Henry is stationed at Warrenton with his company of State troops; second, that Roddey arrived at Guntersville last night with his command. If this report be true there must be a mounted force stationed at Claysville, or we are not safe here at Cottonville.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., March 30, 1864.

Brigadier General M. M. CROCKER,

Commanding Fourth Division, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find list* of regiments and batteries to compose the two divisions of the Seventeenth Army Corps which are to rendezvous at Cairo, Ill., and to be commanded by yourself and Leggett, respectively.

It is all-important that these divisions should be organized and completely equipped ready for the field at the earliest day possible. To this end I desire you, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Powell and Captain Conklin, to see that these batteries, the detachments non-veterans belonging to these regiments, the corps trains, Third and Fourth trains, regimental trains, camp and garrison equipage, and 10,000 new Springfield rifled muskets for the Seventeenth Corps now in the hands of the ordnance officer at Vicksburg, be shipped to Cairo and landed there by the 20th of April, or as soon thereafter as possible.

Lieutenant Smith, acting assistant quartermaster in charge of the corps train, will accompany it to Cairo and see that it is properly taken care of, and the division quartermasters will accompany their

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

13 R R - VOL XXXII, PT III

