
respective trains for the same purpose. If Lieutenant-Colonel Clark has not already detailed the necessary staff officers of the Seventeenth Corps to proceed to Cairo and be ready to meet the troops as they arrive and escort them to their respective camps, you will do so immediately. Some of the regiments now on furlough should be returning by the 20th of April. Two or three of these regiments on the list are at present in the Red River expedition, but I have the assurance of General Sherman that they will be back in time. I do not wish to make the forces around Vicksburg too weak; consequently, do not care to have you send up the Seventy-second Illinois and the various detachments until the forces return from Red River; hasten forward, however, the artillery and trains, as these will require a large amount of transportation. Two or three good-sized boats will bring up all the troops that are to come from Vicksburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

March 30, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Grierson has only 2,200 mounted men. Buckland has 2,400 white infantry and 2,600 colored.

Fifteen hundred men under McCulloch passed through La Grange yesterday [going] north. Forrest's strength with this is about 4,500, with some artillery. Grierson has received your orders to follow and attack, but unless he can reach Veatch, and be supported by him he will not be strong enough to punish him much.

The movement of McCulloch north indicates an intention either to hold West Tennessee or to cross the river.

I can get no more horses and consequently can arm no more cavalry.

Have heard nothing from Veatch except that he passed Paducah Saturday. I do not know whether he received your orders to stop at Savannah. I sent the order to him as soon as I received it. If Forrest comes within the reach of infantry I shall try him with what I can gather.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

PADUCAH, March 30, 1864 - 1.30 p. m.

General BRAYMAN and Captain PENNOCK:

I am getting the prisoners together, and will leave as soon as possible for Cairo. The latest reliable information is they are concentrating at Mayfield preparing to go south.

Lieutenant M. Knight with 18 men drove in their pickets day before yesterday, but had to fall back in quick time. There were two brigades advancing yesterday, but have fallen back; they were gathering their men I think. General Buford sent in a flag of truce for the exchange of surgeons and to inquire about the rebel wounded and dead, also about General Thompson. The colonel is fully prepared for any attack, and there is no chance of their getting this place.

J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

