
PADUCAH, March 30, 1864.

General BRAYMAN:

I have information this evening that Forrest has his headquarters at Mayfield; is conscripting everybody that can serve, and is throwing up breast-works there; that Faulkner has joined him, and he intends another attack on this place. This comes through an apparent reliable source.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

PADUCAH, March 30, 1864.

General BRAYMAN and Captain PENNOCK:

A man just from Mayfield. He left Mayfield last night after dark. Faulkner has just joined Forrest at Mayfield. They have given the Tennessee troops furloughs. He says they are going to stay as long as they please. One Tennessee regiment that was here has gone to Tennessee; the rest of the force is still with him, and say they intend to come here. He reports that Forrest was moving on Columbus yesterday. I just received your dispatch. I have dispatched all the news.

J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 30, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Memphis, Tenn.:

You will take all the available cavalry force at and near Memphis and move as rapidly as possible to attack the force under General Forrest. The march must be active and at the same time cautious. The enemy will be attacked at all hazards wherever met, and be followed closely.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Upon the request of the major-general commanding corps, I have the honor to report the following as the condition of this command at the time General Forrest passed north:

The Second Brigade of this division, which was by far the most effective portion of the command, had re-enlisted, and a portion of it had already gone north.

The horses of such as owned their own horses have, by direction of Major General W. T. Sherman, been appraised, and such as were serviceable purchased by the Government. These have since been issued to the First Brigade and the non-veterans of the Second Brigade.

