
Upon hearing of the movement of Forrest I sent Colonel Hurst, with the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, about 700 strong, toward Jackson, to hang upon and annoy the enemy. I also sent 300 men of the First Brigade northeast, toward Brownsville, to watch the movements of the enemy in that direction. At that time I could mount and equip about 1,500 men, including Colonel Hurst's command and not including the veterans, whose horses were in the hands of the appraisers and have since been issued.

At this time I can mount and equip about 2,200 men, including the command of Colonel Hurst and 300 of the First Brigade; in all, about 1,000 men, which are now out.

Much of this force is new and inexperienced, and not very reliable. This will leave at least 1,000 men in camp, most of whom are effective but for want of horses.

The Seventh Kansas Cavalry are ordered to report to this corps, but have not yet arrived. They are unofficially reported full to the maximum, but I am not advised as to whether or not they are mounted.

Should I not be able to connect with the forces that are now out, I will have with me about 1,200 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Cave City, March 30, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Commanding, Burkesville:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 29th, and have made report of your success to headquarters, Louisville. I sent you some instructions yesterday, which will be obeyed at proper time. You will, however, for the present, keep your command concentrated at Burkesville, on this side, for the purpose, if B[burbridge] should need you, to assist me in this vicinity. Forrest is reported at Eddyville, and it may be his object to destroy the railroad, hence the necessity of your being in position to act in concert with forces on the line of railroad. I will keep you advised by courier. Will expect also to hear from you. Keep this information strictly private. Accept for yourself, officers, and men my heartfelt thanks and congratulations for your successes and brilliant fights and conduct on the line of the Cumberland River.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., March 30, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis:

GENERAL: The programme marked out by Major-General Sherman, while in command of the department, will be substantially carried out, viz: The Districts of Memphis and Vicksburg will be consolidated and called the District of the Mississippi River. Two

