
divisions of the Seventeenth Army Corps will be organized chiefly from veteran regiments, now at home on furlough, and they will rendezvous at Cairo as fast as their furloughs expire.

One division will be commanded by Brigadier-General Leggett, and the other by Brigadier-General Crocker. General McArthur's division will remain in the former District of Vicksburg. The troops remaining under McArthur's command at present, as you will see from the memorandum I left with Brigadier-General Buckland on my way up, are made up of detachments non-veterans and regiments not entitled to enlist as such. Many of these detachments will have to be sent to Cairo in time to join their respective regiments, which are to rendezvous at that place, but the return of the Red River expedition and of veteran regiments belonging to McArthur's division will leave the force under his command quite as strong as at present. Until the veteran regiments return, and also the Red River expedition, it will be impossible to organize the permanent garrisons for Vicksburg and Natchez.

When the Red River expedition returns you can exercise your discretion about stopping Mower's division at Vicksburg or bringing it up to Memphis. Keep it at the point which is most likely to be threatened and where it can be of most service. Brigadier General A. J. Smith's division I want stopped at Memphis and put into camp to await orders, the time he remains there to be spent in disciplining, clothing, and arming his men and getting his transportation in order. You are so thoroughly familiar with matters along the Mississippi River that I do not deem it necessary to give any specific instructions, but shall rely largely upon your judgment and discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, March 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARRINGTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Please let the veteran regiment take the route through Mattoon, Ill., with orders as suggested in your telegram, and please report any information you may have received by telegraph.

Respectfully,

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, March 30, 1864.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

(Care of Brigadier-General Terry,) Sandusky:

The following has been received. I have telegraphed to General Carrington to send the veteran regiment by way of Mattoon:

INDIANAPOLIS, March 30, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, assistant provost-marshal, telegraphs to send by special train not less than 500 men to Mattoon immediately, with abundant ammunition. A veteran regiment is about starting for Cairo. If it can

