
II. One section of artillery, to be designated by Captain Fred. Welker, Chief of Artillery, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will accompany the Seventh Iowa Veteran Volunteers to Prospect, Tenn., and be stationed there until further orders. If possible, the artillery will be moved on the same train with the infantry, but if not, as soon thereafter as practicable.

III. Colonel E. W. Rice, Seventh Iowa, Infantry Veteran Volunteers, having returned with his regiment, will at once assume command of the First Brigade, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, he being the senior officer present therewith.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, commanding:

L. H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, March 5, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

Since sending my dispatch of yesterday I have learned that Thomas has returned to Chattanooga. If it is now practicable for him to send me the force necessary to drive Longstreet out of East Tennessee, I think it may be done without delay. I will probably have the railroad bridge at Strawberry Plains completed by the time his troops can reach that place. We will then be able to supply our troops without serious difficulty.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, March 5, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

General Carter has just informed me of your return to Chattanooga. Is it not practicable to commence operations against Longstreet? My possession of the railroad bridge at Strawberry Plains removed, to a very great extent, the difficulty of advancing at this season. I hope to have the bridge completed within ten days. my troops have been as far as Russellville and found the road uninjured. Do not think Longstreet has sent any infantry to Georgia. He seems to be moving slowly toward Virginia. If you can help me to drive Longstreet out I will then be able to help you. It does not seem probable that we will have troops enough for both operations at once. Please give me your views on this subject.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

NEW MARKET, March 5, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff at Knoxville, Strawberry Plains:

Your dispatch stating the departure of trains received. No ammunition is wanted at the front at present, beyond the supply on hand.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

