
Veatch is near Purdy with infantry, and Grierson's cavalry is operating from Memphis.

I will go to Nashville to-morrow, where I can better direct the movement. All well here.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, March 31, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

A dispatch from General Wood just received says 3 deserters have come into his lines from Dibrell's (late Armstrong's) division cavalry. They report their division under marching orders, as they believe, for Georgia. They report that it was further understood that the infantry was moving up the railroad. They left on Tuesday. He has information from citizens, which he thinks reliable, that Vaughn's command had left Rogersville on Monday to move up the country and the infantry left Greeneville. Longstreet's headquarters at Bristol, but the reports agree that his army is en route for Virginia. These reports General Wood thinks as reliable as any of the country reports and reports from deserters which he gets.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

MOSSY CREEK, March 31, 1864.

General SCHOFFIELD:

I have intelligence from scouts and citizens that rebels are certainly all gone, and now beyond Greeneville. They burnt the railroad bridge and the wagon bridge on Lick Creek; have torn up the railroad generally, telegraph wire taken off, trestle burned at the gap. This is all reliable. I have men who have seen all I send you.

R. A. CRAWFORD,

Chief of Scouts.

MOSSY CREEK, March 31, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

Hascall's division will leave to-morrow morning accompanied by the cavalry, and unless you prefer I should remain here I shall go myself. We leave with three days' rations for the men and two days' rations for the animals. Will you direct the telegraph operator to follow us as close as possible? If supplies can be pushed forward we can extend our reconnaissance accordingly.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Cottonville, Ala., March 31, 1864.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fifteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: The enemy have made their appearance in considerable force at the mouth of Paint Rock this afternoon; they also have been re-enforced at Guntersville.

