
March 4, arrived in Vicksburg and remained in camp until the 9th, between which time and the 14th the brigade was moved by regiments and detachments on transports to Memphis, Tenn. Went into camp at Hopefield, Ark.; remained until the 17th, between which time and the 22nd the brigade was moved by regiments on transports to Cairo, Ill.

March 22, the brigade moved on transports to Columbus, Ky., and took railroad to Moscow, Ky., to repel an expected attack from General Forrrest; found him gone, and returned to Columbus same night.

March 23, returned to Cairo.

March 25, at night, the Thirty-second Regiment Wisconsin Infantry, under command of Colonel James H. Howe, embarked on transports and proceeded to Paducah, Ky., to repel an attack made on that place by General Forrest.

March 26, arrived at Paducah early in the morning. Forrest had left when the regiment arrived. The balance of the brigade took transports in the afternoon and proceeded up the Ohio River; were joined by the Thirty-second Wisconsin, and the whole brigade proceeded up the Tennessee River, under orders to join the command of General Dodge at Athens, Ala.

March 29, arrived at Athens in the afternoon.

March 30, moved to Purdy to intercept General Forrest in his anticipated return through that place.

March 31, in the afternoon marched back to Athens and embarked on transports.

Numbers 14. Reports of Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, of expedition to Meridian and operations on Yazoo River, with itinerary of the corps, February 3 - March 18.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the satisfaction of reporting to you that Colonel Coates, in command of our forces, repulsed the enemy (two brigades, Ross' and Richardson's) at Yazoo City, on Saturday, the 5th instant, after a desperate conflict, which lasted from 10 a. m. till 4 p. m. The battle part of the time, was a regular hand-to-hand fight through the streets.

Colonel Coates' loss was 19 killed, 89 wounded, and 18 missing. The enemy's loss was much greater, and among his killed was a major and a lieutenant belonging to Richardson's command.

Colonel Coates held possession of Yazoo City all day Sunday, and embarked his command Sunday evening and is on his way down. I am expecting him here to-day, when I will write you a full report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN.

