
KNOXVILLE, March 5, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER,

Loudon:

Let the boats now on the way from Chattanooga with supplies for this place come here instead of unloading at Loudon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Mossy Creek, March 5, 1864 - 5.45 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Acting Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A force of the enemy's cavalry appeared in our front this evening, following a detachment of the Twenty-third Corps of about 90 men from Panther Springs. The captain of this detachment has come in, and his report will doubtless be sent you from the headquarters of Twenty-third Corps.

They fired on our pickets. Two regiments were sent out to support the line. General Ferrerro has just come in and reports seeing about 400 or 500 of the enemy, and that on pressing them they retired. We have 1 prisoner who says that he belongs to Giltner's brigade. No infantry with them; that Longstreet is at Bull's Gap, or from Bull's Gap to Greeneville. We have 1 man wounded slightly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CAMP ON MOSSY CREEK, TENN.,

March 5, 1864.

General J. D. COX,

Acting Chief of Staff, &c.:

GENERAL: Buckner's division is reported 2 miles this side of Bull's Gap. Two regiments of enemy's cavalry were at Dandridge last night; they have not been heard from to-day. Enemy have pickets on north side of French Broad as far down as Dandridge.

A party of bushwhackers of 8, 2 of whom are known by name and live near Panther Springs, captured 2 men sent by General Judah for a broken-down ambulance, taking their horses from them. One of the men escaped. I send a party to capture the bushwhackers, but have not as yet heard from them. Two small scouting parties of the enemy were in Morristown yesterday, but left just before our men entered. I suppose General Parke reports everything to your that transpires in his front.

Respectfully, &c.,

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

Please let me know when General Schofield returns.

G. S.

CHATTANOOGA, March 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy advanced a brigade of cavalry early this morning on Colonel Harrison's pickets. Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry,

