
skirmish line, and did some good service in reconnoitering the enemy's position, as they changed from one hill to another. We pointed out to the general their artillery in every instance before they could open on our lines. Quite a number of messages were transmitted to-day. Lieutenant Stickney and Dunlap had the right, Lieutenants Scott and Hurt the left, and I took the center in company with the officer commanding the skirmishers.

On 5th, heavy skirmishing all day; loss very light. Pointed out the enemy's artillery to-day just in time to save a raking shot into our column, as they were moving by the flank. The enemy had seven pieces of artillery in position to rake the road. The guns were discovered and reported by Lieutenant Scott, who was at the time some distance in advance of the skirmisher. Our cavalry dashed into Jackson after dark, getting in the rear of the enemy, compelling them to retreat on the Canton road; also preventing the destruction of the rebel pontoon bridge across Pearl River. Camped in Jackson.

On 6th, remained in camp at Jackson awaiting the completion of bridge.

On 7th, took the advance, and went into Brandon in advance of the cavalry. Had a spirited chase after some rebel cavalry; captured the post adjutant; went on 6 miles with the cavalry; had some heavy skirmishing; returned to Brandon at night to report to General McPherson. Camped at Brandon.

On 8th, marched 18 miles; skirmishing light to-day, the rebels not having forgotten the lesson they received on yesterday from cavalry. Camped within 7 miles of Morton.

On 9th, started in advance for Morton. The Signal Corps had a skirmish with the enemy, driving them from the town and capturing the post and telegraph office. Camped here.

On 10th, in camp waiting for Sixteenth Army Corps to pass us. I asked permission to take the advance of Sixteenth Army Corps, but General McPherson said he wanted us, and if the Sixteenth wanted signal officers they must furnish them. Passed through Hillsborough. Camped 3 miles beyond that place.

On 11th, in the morning received orders to take detachment and accompany a cavalry expedition off on the flank to Lake Station for the purpose of destroying the public property, consisting of machine-shop, cars, locomotives, &amp; c. Whilee the cavalry were fighting the rebels the Signal Corps went through the town like a dose of salts, and just as we were leaving I noticed a man hunting around to get some one to make an affidavit that there had been a town there. Property destroyed valued at $ 1,000,000.

On 12th, marched 16 miles; camped at Decatur.

On 13th, marched 15 miles; camped 16 miles from Meridian.

On 14th, camped 5 miles from Meridian.

On 15th, rained all day; entered Meridian at 12 o'clock. Took possession of a house, and proceeded to dry ourselves and make ourselves as comfortable as possible.

On 16th, remained in camp.

On 17th, remained in camp.

On 20th, marched at daylight for Canton. We had the advance, and had some skirmishing. The corps is all the cavalry on this road, and the general finds plenty for us to do.

On 21st, marched 11 miles, camping at Decatur. No rebels to-day.

