
On 22nd, started in advance of everything to go through to our trains, which had been left back, and which had not been heard from for several days. Reached the trains at 12 o'clock, having made 28 miles.

On 23rd, camped at Hillsborough, rebels all around the town.

On 24th, started on Canton road, heavy skirmishing all day. Marched 18 miles.

On 25th, went to Pearl River. Opened communication across the river. Engineers buildings bridge.

On 26th, marched to Canton. This is one of the finest towns in the south; about 2,500 inhabitants. About 400 ladies here, refugees from Memphis and other places; very lively for signal officers.

On 27th, ordered out with cavalry on reconnaissance and found the enemy about 1 mile out, and fought them all day; drove them 7 miles; saw several splendid cavalry charges.

On 28th, camped at Canton; spent the time very pleasantly.

On 29th, started for Vicksburg. Before we got out of the town two brigades of rebel cavalry entered the other side, and we had a brisk fight in the streets. Heavy skirmishing all day.

March 1, skirmishing all day. Beautiful country for signaling; rolling prairie. Did some work to-day.

On 2nd, fighting all day. Set a trap for the rebels, but they did not bite.

On 3rd, reached Black River at 11 o'clock; was ordered to go to Vicksburg on our own hook. Arrived in camp at this place at 4 p. m.

L. M. ROSE,

Captain, and Chief Acting Signal Officer, 17th Army Corps.

Captain O. H. HOWARD,

Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General Alexander Chambers, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, of expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Vicksburg, March 7, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions received from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, during the recent raid:

Number of miles marched, 340; number of miles of railroad destroyed, 6 3/4 ; number of bridges destroyed, 1; number of feet of trestle-work destroyed, 165.

The pioneer corps of Fourth Division, in charge of Captain Merritt, having reported to me at Canton, Miss., and under my direction, destroyed 19 locomotives, 18 railroad cars, and also a large number of car-wheels and trucks.

The number of men killed, 2; the number of men wounded, 2; the number of men missing are: 1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. CHAMBERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

