
With the whole brigade, officers and men, there appeared to be a strife who would do most to carry out all orders received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Appended is a list* of casualties and of destruction done. Several of the men captured near Canton were also wounded.

RAILROAD DESTROYED.

Near Brandon, by brigade working party, one-half mile of road and 50 feet of trestle.

At Chunky's Station: One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, trestle bridge, 150 feet; Thirty-first Illinois, one-half mile of railroad.

At Meridian: One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, 1 mile railroad and 50 feet trestle; Twentieth Illinois, 1 mile railroad; Thirty-first Illinois, 1 1/4 miles railroad.

At Canton: One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, 1 mile railroad, 50 feet trestle-work; Twentieth Illinois, three-fourths mile railroad, 60 feet trestle-work; Forty-fifth Illinois, one-half mile railroad, 74 feet trestle-work.

ARMY WAGONS DESTROYED.

At Jackson: By brigade detail, seven new wagons (empty).

Chunky's Station: One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, two (loaded); Forty-fifth Illinois, two (loaded). Besides 100 bales Confederate cotton and station-building at Chunky's Station.

RECAPITULATION.

Killed, none; wounded, officers, none; enlisted men, 7; missing in action, 19; lost while absent without leave, 4.

DESTROYED.

Miles of railroad, 6; feet of bridge and trestle-work, 435; army wagons, 15 (8 of them loaded); Confederate cotton, 100 bales.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Bradley, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Big Black, Miss., March 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The following is a report of the operations of the Twentieth Regiment during the recent expedition under command of Major-General Sherman:

February 3, about 5 p. m., the regiment with the balance of the brigade crossed the Big Black River.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 2 men, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, wounded at Clinton; 3 men, Forty-fifth Illinois, wounded at Chunky's Station; and 2 men, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, wounded near Canton; also 1 man, Thirty-first Illinois, missing, near Brandon; 7 men One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, 1 man Twentieth Illinois, 6 men Thirty-first Illinois, and 4 men Forty-fifth Illinois, missing near Canton. Four men of the brigade were lost while straggling.

---------------

