
mortally. The regiment advanced within a few rods of the Chunky River. I then complied with directions of the general commanding the brigade - sent B and G Companies to protect companies of the One hundred and twenty-fourth (who were destroying the bridge) from the enemy's sharpshooters. The enemy soon fell back, leaving six wagons. These wagons were burned by Captainn Van Dervort, commanding B Company. At 10.30 a. m. was ordered to resume our line of march for the Meridian road.

On the night of the 15th of February, received orders to remain at Oktibbeha bridge and guard it until General Chambers' brigade came up.

General Chambers passed along on the afternoon of the 18th February, when I marched to Meridian and reported to Captain Douglass, assistant adjutant-general, Third Division, who informed me where the brigade was encamped.

On the 29th instant, Lieutenant Clifford, of Company C, and 10 men (mounted), in compliance with orders, reported to brigade headquarters and joined the brigade foraging party for the purpose of foraging for the several regiments of the brigade. On the afternoon of the same day they were attacked by a superior force of the enemy's cavalry, and after a sharp skirmish were compelled to fall back, leaving their horses and plunder in the hands of the enemy. Four of Lieutenant Clifford's party were captured, namely: Privates William Williams, of Company A; John Rolfe, of Company F; Henry C. Errett, of Company H; and Alfred B. Ramsey, of Company K, the latter being wounded in the hand when captured. The rest took shelter in a wood near by and remained until daylight next morning, when they passed to the left of the enemy's pickets and came to camp. During the expedition no men were lost by straggling.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN O. DUER,

Major, Commanding Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

Captain J. B. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Howe, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of expedition to Meridian.
HEADQUARTERS 124TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,March 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I respectfully submit the following detailed statement of the part taken by this regiment in the late expedition to Meridian:

Agreeably to orders, the One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry moved out of camp at 5 p. m., February 3, 1864, with five days' rations, two in haversacks and three in wagons, mustering 23 commissioned officers and 327 enlisted men, with three wagons, one for hospital purposes, one for the use of officers, and one for rations and cooking utensils. Roads being very bad, moved 4 miles from the river and camped.

February 4, sent 4 men unable to stand the march back to camp. Moved at 9 a. m., One hundred and twenty-fourth in the rear of the

