
tions of the Thirty-third Wisconsin Volunteers in the recent expedition to Jackson, Meridian, &amp; c.:

Pursuant to orders received on the 2nd day of February, 1864, I moved the regiment out of camp, near Hebron, Miss., at 8 a. m. on the 3rd day of February ultimo, having present for duty in my command 2 field, 3 staff, and 12 line officers and 499 enlisted men.

The regiment crossed Black River on thee 3rd of February and encamped 3 miles east of the river on the Jackson road. Marched through Jackson, Miss., and crossed Pearl River on the 6th of February, several skirmishes with the enemy having occurred in the mean time, but in which the Thirty-third Wisconsin was not engaged. Marched at sunrise on the 7th ultimo, and passed through Brandon at 3 p. m. of same day.

Reached Morton at 2 p. m. on the 9th ultimo, passed through Hillsborough on the 10th and reached Decatur February 12 at 10.30 p. m.

On the 13th ultimo, marched about 12 miles. Road blockaded and bridge burnt at this point. Here an order was received ordering all sick and disabled men to be left behind with the train. The Thirty-third Wisconsin did not leave a man.

Marched at 9.30 a. m. on the 14th February, and reached Meridian, Miss., on the 15th ultimo at 10 a. m., in the midst of a severe storm of rain. In the afternoon of same day the regiment proceeded to tear up railroad at and near Meridian, according to orders.

On the 16th February, at 7 a. m., the regiment marched with the Fourth Division to Enterprise, Miss., a distance of 17 miles from Meridian. Here the Thirty-third Wisconsin was detailed for provost duty, and remained on duty as provost guards until the morning of the 19th ultimo, on which day the regiment marched about 18 miles and camped near Chunky Creek, 4 miles west of Meridian. From this point daily marches were made of from 10 to 18 miles, until the 25th ultimo, when the regiment crossed Pearl River and camped on Terry's plantation.

On the 27th February, the Thirty-third Wisconsin marched at 11.45 a. m., with orders to destroy a bridge across Pearl River, near Madisonville. The regiment encountered a small body of the enemy's cavalry near Smith's Ferry. After an exchange of shots the enemy broke and fled in confusion, and the regiment proceeded to Pearl River and effectually destroyed the bridge aforesaid. On the morning of this day and before the regiment left Terry's plantation, I caused to be detailed, in obedience to orders, 1 sergeant, James E. Drom, Company H., and 14 men to forage for the use of the Thirty-third Wisconsin. These men were placed, with details from the other regiments in the brigade, under the charge of Lieutenant W. C. B. Gillespie, acting assistant quartermaster First Brigade, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.

During the day this party was attacked by a large body of the enemy's cavalry and driven back, with the loss of the following men of the Thirty-third Wisconsin: Sergt. James E. Drom, Company H; Corpl. Romanzo J. Ashley, Company A; Private Warren D. Card, Company H; Private William Neff, Company I; Private James H. Bowlsby, Company C. The fate of these men is unknown, but they are undoubtedly killed or taken prisoners. The last that was seen of them they were almost surrounded by the enemy and fighting with undaunted bravery. The loss of these men is much felt and regretted by the regiments, particularly that of Sergeant

