
Drom and Corporal Ashley, who were among the best non-commissioned officers in the regiment. No other loss occurred to the regiment on the expedition.

On the 4th day of March, 1864, the Thirty-third Wisconsin arrived in camp near Hebron, Miss.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the officers and men of my command for the excellent order and discipline which has been observed by the regiment on this expedition, and for the manner in which all their duties have been performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM WARNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Near Canton, Miss., February 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders received on the 27th instant, I moved my command to Madisonville, Miss., reaching that point at 5 p. m. of yesterday. Here we met a small party of rebel cavalry, who exchanged shots with us, but broke and fled on the Smith's Ferry road without any loss on either side. At Smith's Ferry I found a very fine pontoon bridge, which I effectually destroyed. At Madisonville I found a steam saw-mill and grist-mill. The saw-mill had been used by the Confederates to saw the timber for the pontoon bridge above mentioned. I deemed it proper to destroy this saw-mill, and acting without orders on the subject I effectually destroyed it by breaking the saws and machinery to pieces. The grist-mill I left in running order.

I am glad to say of my command that no building or fence has been fired on the march, nor any property destroyed without orders.

Very respectfully,

J. B. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM WARNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Cyrus Hall, Fourteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of expedition to Meridian.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 4TH DIV., SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Hebron, Miss., March 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent expedition to Meridian and Enterprise:

My brigade, composed of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry Regiments, left Camp Hebron on the morning of the 3rd of February and marched to Black River, where a halt of two hours was made, after which I crossed the river and marched to Amsterdam, where my command encamped for the night.

