
Rebel of 26th also says he is moving back in two columns, one toward Raymond, one toward Canton. What is your report, if not contraband? Do you credit the report that he is in Selma?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

CAVE CITY, March 5, 1864.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Richardson, the guerrilla, was killed to-day on the way from Glasgow. He tried to make his escape, and was killed by Captain Stone, of Thirty-seventh Kentucky.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 3rd DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS,Big Black, Miss., March 5, 1864.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that the rebel patrols are established again on their old beats, just outside our pickets, and burn all cotton coming in and take all goods going out.

I have resumed the rules existing before the late expedition, giving permits to no one to go into Vicksburg except to persons who have taken the oath of allegiance or the amnesty oath, and who intend to remain, and allowing no goods to go outside the lines, except, in rare cases, to well-known persons, of petty articles which cannot be diverted from family use.

The local special agent of the Treasury says General Geiger has permit from General McPherson and the assistant special agent for a trade store at this post, with permission to sell $15,000. I have no other information of this fact, as the Regulations (Rule XV) allow only $3,000 per month. Rule XIV provides that "no supplies shall be allowed to go therefrom except upon permit of the proper special local agent, countersigned by the commander of the post or some person authorized by him for that purpose." The regulations of the Treasury Department seem cautious to provide against supplies going to places under control of the rebels, and General Grant's order prohibits supplies going across the Big Black. I have therefore notified the local special agent that I will not countersign any permit for supplies going outside the lines until I shall be notified by superior headquarters that a new rule is intended.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

March 5, 1864 - 11 a.m.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Twenty-six thousand five hundred veterans enlisted up to 1st instant. Fifteen hundred additional reported unofficially. Am

