HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Camp Gage, near Cottonville, Ala., April 4, 1864.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division:

SIR: I have the honor to report that according to the best information I can get Wheeler is at Blue Hills with his command, and one battalion of Roddey's command is at Guntersville. one of the companies that have heretofore been stationed at Guntersville has moved down between Fearns' Landing and opposite the mouth of Paint Rock River. Four companies of State troops are stationed at Warrenton. This I have from, I believe, reliable sources.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. S. GAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-ninth Missouri Vol. Inf.

ATHENS, April 4, 1864.

Major WILLARD, Aide-de-Camp, Huntsville:

Twenty-seven armed men and 3 captains came in from the rebel force at Mount Hope and gave themselves us at Decatur. They report a squad of 40 more on their way.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 4, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M DODGE, Athens:

The officer in command of Whitesburg reports that the enemy has increased his force along the river from opposite his position to Triana, and that they are in force (supposed to be 600 strong) at Lacey's Spring, 4 miles from Leeman's Ferry.

It is also reported that Roddey is coming back, and that they have over to Blue Mountain, 2,500 strong. Have you any force at Triana, and dhow far up the river from Mooresville do your pickets and patrols extend?

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

ATHENS, ALA., April 4, 1864.

Major-General MCPHERSON, Huntsville:

Roddey was ordered back a long time ago; was waiting to be relieved. The enemy picket all the country reaching from Coutland road to Danville. Their mounted force has increased; two regiments in the west and south; have not heard of any increase to the east. have scouts in Cooca Valley. I do not picket on the river above Decatur (General Garrard did), but I send patrols up and down, night and day, as far as Triana. I have one regiment picketing the river from Florence to Eastport. General Veatch is still in Purdy. Will send scouts up river on south side in morning.

Blue Mountain is where the cavalry moved back to from the front to recruit. No doubt General Clanton moved up and relieved Roddey.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

