
CAIRO, April 4, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your communications* to General Hurlbut and General Veatch went forward promptly by dispatch-boat. Gun-boats were sent up the Tennessee yesterday to watch the crossing from Sandy to Duck River.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 4, 1864.

Brigadier General R. P. BUCKLAND,

Commanding District of Memphis:

GENERAL: It is necessary that great caution should be exercised in relation to the approaches to Memphis.

The enemy in very considerable force are near Rising Sun. it would be very like their tactics to cross Wolf suddenly near Moscow or at Germantown and move upon the city. To prevent any sudden dashes the picket guards must be strong and the officers cautioned to activity. The mounted men will be thrown well forward and cross patrols from road to road kept up especially at night. it would be well for your to examine the camps personally and ascertain whether or not they can be protected easily from sudden attack by a light entrenchment. I assure you that I consider great vigilance necessary, and I urge upon you that all officers and men be held to strict attention to their duties and to the order enjoining them to be at their posts and in camp.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 4, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

The force in your front must be developed. If it be possible communication should be opened with General Veatch, who should be at Purdy. The intention and purpose of this force must be unmasked. I cannot lay out any special line of action. Keep me advised of whatever may turn up.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

RALEIGH, TENN.,

April 4, 1864-10 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Flag of truce which I sent out this morning returned this evening. The enemy has a strong picket, composed of Forrest's old regiment

---------------

*See p. 230.

---------------

