
at a point 8 miles from here. There is no travel in this direction and no information can be obtained except from scouts, and that is not very definite. It is evident that there is a considerable force in my front. This is either a demonstration to cover their movement south, or the advance of a large body on memphis. if this latter is the intention I think the enemy will cross Wolf River at a point above here and attempt to gain Memphis in my rear, as Wolf River can be quickly bridged at any point. In view of this, I have sent a portion of my force to White's Station and scouting parties up Wolf River to watch the crossings.

There are three roads running in an easterly direction between the Wolf and Loosahatchie, and I have not force enough to advance and drive the enemy in my front on all these roads, and it is certainly hazardous to advance upon one of them without strongly guarding the other two. I deem the force at my disposal insufficient, under the circumstances, to communicate with a force supposed to be at Purdy and at the same time cover the approaches to Memphis.

A detachment sent this morning across to the Memphis and Randolph plank road discovered a few scouts. I would suggest that a strong picket be placed on that road at the Wolf River bridge.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 4, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE, Louisville:

I do not believe the enemy will move far into Kentucky through Pound Gap, unless as a cavalry raid. You should concentrate all your troops at Lexington, with cavalry well out to give notice. Grant designs a move in Southwest Virginia which will check any such move, and by way of East Tennessee we can get to the rear of Pound Gap. Longstreet is reported as going back to Virginia, and would naturally send a small force through the gap to cover the movement. Forrest is now reported at Jackson, Tenn. I have an infantry force at Purdy, and if Hurlbut acts with energy Forrest will have trouble in getting out. You may send that Ohio regiment of cavalry to re-enforce General Sturgis. As soon as certain things are done in East Tennessee, General Stoneman will come to Kentucky. In the mean time you must collect all your detachment sat some point near Lexington. In case of any formidable invasion of East Kentucky we can call down from Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois a large force of furloughed veterans, who could reach the threatened points sooner than troops could come from the front, where they are needed.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 4, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE, Louisville:

Schofield, from Knoxville, reports that there can be nothing threatening Kentucky from Pound Gap, but you do right in collecting your

