
troops well in hand at convenient points. I want to give Schofield, at or near Lexington, in addition to his present cavalry, five new regiments. If the Seventeenth Indiana be a new regiment not belonging to Thomas' command you may order it to Lexington by land, reporting by telegraph to General Schofield. But all of the cavalry belonging to Thomas should march to Nashville.

I think it well you should go to East Kentucky and see your troops, allaying all unnecessary fears and encouraging the people.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 4, 1864.

Captain PENNOCK, Cairo:

I think we can build gun-boats above the shoals, and I agree with you that it is too late to pass the shoals now. I only repeated a message of General McPherson.

Tell Captain Shirk I send down in the quartermaster's gun-boat Silver Wave General Corse, whom I would like him to see. Ask Captain Shirk to keep up communication good with General Veatch at or near Purdy.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, April 4, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

I will also send you Colonel Klein's battalion soon. The report that Longstreet is re-enforcing Johnston cannot possibly be true, unless his troops are going around through Virginia by rail. It is certain that none have gone up the French Broad recently.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, CAVALRY BUREAU,

Washington, April 4, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate for your information the following facts, reported by Captain William R. Price, special inspect of this Bureau:

The mounted force of the Department of the Cumberland consists of twenty-eight regiments of cavalry and seven regiments of mounted infantry.

It is respectfully suggested that the following-named regiments be mounted and equipped and returned to duty before any more new regiments are supplied, viz:

In First Division, First Brigade: the Second Michigan Cavalry, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

