
Second Brigade: Second Indiana Cavalry, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Third Brigade: Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, First Tennessee Cavalry.

In the Second Division, First Brigade: Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Third Indiana Cavalry.

Second Brigade: First Ohio Cavalry, Third Ohio Cavalry, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, Second Kentucky Cavalry.

Third Brigade: Seventeenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Mounted Infantry, Third Kentucky Cavalry, Eighth Iowa Cavalry.

From 6,00 to 9,000 horses are required to properly mount these regiments.

There are several skeleton organizations of Tennessee cavalry regiments, which organization is of the worst description. it is understood that Governor Johnson has gone to Washington to have these regiments mounted, and it is recommended that before mounting them the above mentioned regiments be first mounted; and also that they are furnished with the Spencer or Sharps carbine.

The Second Michigan, Ninth Pennsylvania, Second Indiana, and First Wisconsin have all signified their willingness to re-enlist if they can be furloughed, but at present they cannot be spared from duty.

At Knoxville and Strawberry Plains, to which points the Army of the Ohio had advanced, the cavalry was almost entirely used up, the horses almost starved to death from the too limited supply of forage.

General Schofield complains of a great want of competent cavalry commanders in his department. Colonel Wolford, in command of a division of cavalry, has but two commands for it-"Scatter!" and "Huddle up!"-about all he uses.

The inspecting officer in his report says:

As the Tennessee regiments now organizing at Nashville are nearly all cavalry, I wish respectfully but earnestly to protest against giving them arms and equipments, as in my opinion it is prejudicial to all the interests of the cavalry service, to the prosecution of the va, and to the best interests of the State of Tennessee, and the dictates of humanity counsel against it.

Regarding the efficiency of these Tennessee regiments there is but one opinion. With the exception of the First Tennessee, they are all worthless. The decision of the Secretary upon this matter, made in March, has been communicated to Governor Johnson and General Sherman.

On the 6th of March nearly all the cavalry of the Department of the Ohio were concentrated at Louisville, Ky. The following plan for the direct communication between the generals commanding and the Cavalry Bureau is respectfully submitted:

First. That the chiefs of cavalry for the different armies be field officers, exercise no command in the field, but perform the duties of a staff officer.

Second. To see that all broken-down horses are turned in and sent to the proper depots for recuperation; that all branded horses in the hands of the citizens are returned to the Government; that the proper ration of hay and grain is furnished to the cavalry.

