
infantry regiments, or in process of being mounted, by whose authority no one knows. It is recommended that a depot be established at Louisville, Ky., which would take in Memphis, Nashville, and Knoxville.

The resters of the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry accompany this report. It will be seen that the aggregate force of both does not exceed 700 or 800 men. They should b consolidated if possible. The roster of the Eleventh Michigan Cavalry is also inclosed, it being one of the most efficient regiments in the service. The Tenth Michigan is also a fain organization.

Regarding Colonel Wolfrod's ability General Sturgis has a better opinion than most other officers; but in the opinion of the inspectoring officer the service would be no loser if he were relieved from the service.

The Seventh Pennsylvania has recruited upward of 1,100 men, and horses should be at once furnished them, as it is one of the best regiments in the service. It is essential to have the cavalry of the Department of the Cumberland in an effective condition at once, much more so than that of the Department of the Ohio, as the latter cannot be used for some time. It is thought that horses could be purchased to advantage in Kentucky. The Fifth Indiana, in the Department of the Ohio, is also a fine regiment.

The general desire of the best regiments is to be armed with the Spencer carbine. By arming one or two regiments in each department with them, their old arms turned in will supply the deficiencies in the other regiments.

To the Second and Fourth Michigan, 700 Spencer carbines were furnished; to the Fourth United States, 600. It is proposed to furnish 700 for the Fifth Indiana, and also the Second Iowa, of the Department of the Tennessee.

I am, sir,m very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry Bureau.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 144. Washington, April 4, 1864.

I. By direction of the president of the United States the following changes and assignments are made in army corps commands:

Major General P. H. Sheridan is assigned to command the Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac.

The Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps are consolidated, and will be called the Twentieth Army Corps. Major General J. Hooker is assigned to the command.

Major General G. Granger is relieved from command of the Fourth Army Corps, and Major General O. O. Howard is assigned in his stead.

Major-General Schofield is assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

Major-General Slocum will report to Major-General Sherman, commanding Division of the Mississippi, and Major-General Stoneman to Major-General Shofied, commanding Department of the Ohio, for assignment.

Major-General Granger will report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

