
Eighty-first Illinois Infantry, One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Eighth Ohio Battery, Twenty-sixth Ohio Battery, will form a brigade, under command of Brigadier General J. A. Maltby.

Second. The First Division, U. S. Colored Troops, Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins commanding; the Second Brigade of the division, Colonel Shofield commanding, will be report as on detached service at Haynes' Bluff.

Third. The Fourth Regiment U. S. Heavy Artillery (colored), Colonel H. Lieb commanding.

Defenses:

First. The First Division, Brigadier General E. S. Dennis commanding, composed of the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel F. A. Starring, comprising the following regiments, viz: First Kansas Mounted Infantry, Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, Fifty-eighth Ohio Infantry, Thirtieth Missouri Infantry. The Second and Third Brigades, comprising the Fourteenth Wisconsin, Eleventh Illinois, Ninety-fifth Illinois, and regiments to be assigned from the Fourth Division. Artillery: Seventh Ohio Battery; Battery L, Second Illinois Light Artillery; Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery. Cavalry: Second Regiment Wisconsin Cavalry.

Second. The cavalry forces commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Peters will report direct to post headquarters.

* * * *

VII. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, commanding Fourth Division, will direct the following-named regiments and battalions of his command to proceed forthwith, with their entire camp and garrison equipage, to Big Black River bridge, are report to Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, commanding First Division, for orders, viz: Third Iowa Infantry, Forty-first Illinois Infantry, Thirty-third Wisconsin Infantry, Fourteenth Illinois Infantry, Fifteenth Illinois Infantry, Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, Seventy-sixth Illinois Infantry, Seventh Ohio Battery. Brigadier-General Crocker will then repair to Vicksburg and there proceed to carry out the instructions of the major-general commanding the department.

VIII. Colonel R. K. Scott, Sixty-eighth Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers, will forthwith proceed with the battalions formed from the veteran regiments of First and Third Divisions, except the Iowa battalion, Major Pomutz commanding, to Cairo, Ill., there to await further orders.

* * * *

XII. The following-named batteries, with their entire camp and garrison equipage, will forthwith report to Captain J. T. Condlin, acting chief quartermaster Seventeenth Army Corps, for transportation to Cairo, Ill., at which point they will report to Captain Spear, Fifteenth Ohio Battery, for assignment to camp, and await further orders: First Minnesota Battery; Battery C, First Missouri Light Artillery; Battery H, First Michigan Light Artillery; Battery D, First Illinois Light Artillery; Third Ohio Battery, Tenth Ohio Battery.

Major T. D. Maurice, chief of artillery, Third Division, will in person superintend the shipment of the batteries of the Third Division.

* * * *

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

