
From that map I see all, and glad am I that there are minds now at Washington able to devise; and for my part, if we can keep our counsels I believe I have the men and ability to march square up to the position assigned me and to hold it. Of course it will cost us many a hard day, but I believe in fighting in a double sense: first, to gain physical results, and next, to inspire respect on which to build up our nation's power.

Of course General Grant will not have time to give the details of movements east, and the times. Concurrent action is the thing. It would be wise that the general, through you or some educated officer, should give me timely notice of all contemplated movements, with all details that can be foreseen. I now know the results aimed at. I know my base and have a pretty good idea of my lines of operation. No time shall be lost in putting my forces in mobile condition, so that all I ask is notice of time, that all over the grand theater of war there shall be simultaneous action. We saw the beauty of time in the battle of Chattanooga, and there is no reason why the same harmony of action should not pervade a continent.

I am well pleased with Captain Poe, and would not object to half a dozen thoroughly educated young engineer officers.

I am, with respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

The changes we agreed on are approved. Hooker to command the First Corps, composed of the Eleventh and Twelfth; Howard the Fourth Corps; Schofield the Twenty-third. Slocum goes to Vicksbrug. Notify all parties that the orders will come down by the cars to-night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of the report of Colonel C. Candy's very satisfactory reconnaissance on the south side of the Tennessee River.*

It appears that the colonel was upon the route over which the rebels run the mail. If this was the case, will it not be possible to put men in ambush and intercept it? The general desires that you will make inquiries, and if in your judgment it should appear advisable to attempt it, that you will not fail to do so.

Rations should not be issued to citizens living outside our lines,

---------------

*See Part I, p. 655.

---------------

