
nor should they be permitted to cross them, as many evidences exist of the abuse of this privilege. Important information has been obtained in this way of your condition and communicate to the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Gallatin, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

Captain B. h. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

SIR: It is my duty again to report matters in and about Lebanon. Lieutenant Burgess, Captain Lustre, and his brother, james Lustre, also two other officers and several non-commissioned officers and privates from the rebel army, are in the neighborhood. i can send 30 men to-morrow evening, perhaps by 8 o'clock p. m., and will meet a force if one can be sent from Nashville, and a small force from La Vergne or Murfreesborough. Have them start so as to arrive at Lebanon about 3 o'clock a. m. the next morning. If the arrangement can be made, I will send word to Colonel Stokes to send 200 men from Chestnut Mound and 100 from Carthage; in that way we can take most of these rebel officers. Their business is to pick up every deserter from their army, and to take back forcibly all of the men who have taken the amnesty oath or parole. I have this from reliable information. Make the arrangement for any day and let me know, and I will go myself. They are threatening everybody with a large rebel force in a short time.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BULL'S GAP, April 5, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville:

I suppose General Stoneman has given the commanding general the condition of affairs. Both railroad and county bridge over Lick Creek destroyed, and the creek too high to ford at present. No movement beyond the creek can be made without building a bridge or waiting for the stream to fall. A small railroad bridge here was partially destroyed, but could be repaired in half a day when tools come, which are expected. This would enable the cars to go 5 miles farther to Lick Creek. Nothing definite as to the condition of Wartauga and Holston bridges, but Colonel Crawford expects positive and reliable information in regard to them in a day or two. No enemy except roving parties of guerrillas heard of south of the Watauga.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

