
KNOXVILLE, April 5, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

General Stoneman reports that a division of rebel cavalry moved up the French Broad from Greeneville about a week ago on its way to Georgia. This contradicts previous reports. General Stoneman says there is no doubt of its ruth. The division was probably about 2,000 strong.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

POWDER SPRING GAP,

April, 5, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: Dispatch of this date, directing movement of my division by easy marches to Knoxville, is just received. Owing to the lateness of the hour, which would make it late in the afternoon before we could get off, and also that several small streams between this and Strawberry Plains are much swollen by the lave rains, but which will run out by to-morrow morning of there is no more rain ad interim, I will delay moving till to-morrow morning, and will reach Knoxville the day after to-morrow, 7th instant. Orders will be carried out in regard to the cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THE. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.,

April 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Nashville, Tenn.:

Scouts in from Columbus, Miss., report passing considerable cavalry force going north. Said they were going to Forrest. They are the same force that crossed Black Water at Tuscaloosa. Stock in good order, and one battery accompanying them. General Veatch was at Florence this morning, on his way to join Dodge; would cross Elk River at Prospect. He landed at Waterloo, and is out of rations. I have not sent him any orders, and did not know that he had left Purdy, and am of the opinion that you did not know it either. The ration matter Dodge will attend to. In view of this concentration of rebel cavalry I am afraid our force in West Tennessee is insufficient.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General M. M. CROCKER,

Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Crops:

GENERAL: A telegram received from Major-General Sherman last evening renders it necessary to make some change in the organization of the Third and Fourth Division from that laid down in my letter to you of March 30.

