
The entire command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, now up Red River, is to come this way, and that portion of it under Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith will be divided between Leggett and yourself.

This will not require any entire regiments now at and in the vicinity of Vicksburg to be transferred to Cairo, Ill., but simply the detachments non-veterans and the recruits belonging to the regiments which are to make up the two divisions. Everything else I desire carried out as indicated in my letter above referred to. I also wish Captain Foster's Fourth Company Ohio Independent Cavalry sent to Cairo in time to join me with the two divisions.

Instruct Colonel Powell, chief of artillery of the corps, to have the batteries which are to accompany the division fully equipped for the field, and with as good horses as can be procured. It will not answer to rely upon better horses at Cairo than are now with the batteries, and more are to be procured here. I inclose with this a statement* giving the organization of the corps under the new state of affairs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. MCARTHUR, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you statement* of the proposed organization of the Seventeenth Corps. These changes are rendered necessary in order that two divisions may be made up at Cairo of veteran regiments as soon as possible. I have left six field batteries in your command for the present, owing to the great difficulty of getting horses and foraged for the animals in this section. General Sherman has sent orders to Brigadier General A. J. Smith which will result in having that portion of his command under Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith go to make up a part of Leggett's and Crocker's divisions.

Keep me advised frequently of the state of affairs,a nd how you are getting along.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

ATHENS, April 5, 1864.

Major-General MCPHERSON, Huntsville:

I have just received the following from General Veatch, who was at Florence this morning:

Says he landed at Waterloo and had got that far toward joining me and would cross Elk River at Prospect. Says he was out of rations. Don't think General Sherman knew he had left Purdy; it is the first I knew of it.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

