
ATHENS, April 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General SWEENY, Pulaski:

There is a cavalry force moving from Coosa Valley toward West Tennessee, by way of Tuscumbia. Instruct Seventh Illinois that they must watch closely the river front from Eastport, or from gunboat up as far as Bailbridge. Also tell them to ascertain what forces are moving in Tuscumbia Valley opposite them.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., April 5, 1864.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

SIR: General Corse is going below in a few minutes on business; he will explain. He brings this.

I was at Paducah on Sunday. Straggling bands in the neighborhood stealing and conscripting, but the main movements were evidently south.

A rumor worth heeding came to me there that the enemy were leaving for the Tennessee to cross near the mouth of Big Sandy. A gun-boats was sent up to guard that point and another to patrol the river between Duck River and Big Sandy. My orders 15 and 16 work well, and I think will cut off supplies of the rebels and lessen the number of incendiaries and spies among us.

Colonel Hicks has not sen this report. His books, &amp;c., were destroyed, embarrassing him somewhat; he promised it to-day.

Brigadier General Sol. Meredith has been ordered to report here. It would seem that he should have come to you first. If he reports and you do not otherwise order I will put him in command at Columbus.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, April 5, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. GALLUP, Louisa, Ky.:

The general has this morning started for Paris. He will concentrate a force of cavalry there in a few days and move toward Pound Gap. As a matter of course you are expected to co-operate. He will be at Paris until Monday possibly. Give him all the information you have, and telegraph here also. He will expect o hear from you to-night, and after he moves by courier every day.

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp 1 Miles East of Florence, Ala., April 5, 1864-4 a. m.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I landed at Waterloo and reached this camp last night. I will make my way up Elk River as rapidly as possible to Prospect.

