
My rations and forage will be consumed before I reach that point. Please send me supplies to some point on the railroad near the Elk River crossing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I send you a copy of last dispatch from Sherman.* I think the movement is south and that every possible effort should be made to reach Veatch. Memphis will take care of itself or go up.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

[General GRIERSON:]

GENERAL: I am of opinion that Forrest is moving down south through La Grange and Pocahontas, and is fronting you with his best men to work off his plunder. This, however, is purely guess-work, for I can obtain no information from the country. If this is so the force in your front will disappear to-night. In that case you should turn, cross Wolf River, and proceed toward Le Grange.

General Brayman reports Forrest still in the neighborhood of Mayfield with about 9,000 men. I consider this not to be true, although I have no doubt there is a force there. Memphis is strongly picketed and everything ready, and can be sufficiently held by the infantry. I urge you to keep up to these men as closely as possible.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., April 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your order to General Veatch to go to Purdy and the Hatchie was delivered to him at Crump's Landing. He went to Purdy, then returned and went to Waterloo on east side, and on Sunday morning marched toward Pulaski, sending back the transports which have arrived. He must have received other orders for that movement. He is probably now beyond reach. Shall I send up the instructions left for him by General Corse, or can you reach him at Pulaski?

I hear nothing of Grierson's movements.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See p. 230.

---------------

