
NASHVILLE, TENN., April 5, 1864.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The papers state that General Buell is to be sent to Knoxville to take command. I trust in God that General Buell will not be sent to Tennessee. We have been cursed with him here once, nd do not desire its repetition.

We had a fine meeting at Shelbyville; went off well. General Rousseau made a fine speech, taking high ground on the negro question, which will, I think, do great good in Kentucky and Tennessee. If General Rousseau had leave of absence for a short time, which would enable him to visit Kentucky and make some speeches in that State, such as he made at Shelbyville, it would do much good in putting down Copperheads and traitors. If this suggestion was made to General Thomas I have no doubt ha would grant him leave of absence for the present. His service would be invaluable in Kentucky.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 5. Nashville, Tenn., April 5, 1864.

By and with the approval of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armies of the United States, the following changes are made, which will go into effect at once:

First. The Eleventh and Twelfth Corps are hereby consolidated, and will compose the First* Army Corps, Major General Joseph Hooker commanding. Major-General Slocum is relieved from duty in the Department of the Cumberland, and will report in person to Major General James B. McPherson, commanding Department of the Tennessee, for assignment to the command of the fortified post and District of Vicksburg.

Second. Major General O. O. Howard is assigned to the command of the Fourth Army Corps. Major General Gordon Granger is relieved from command of that corps and from duty with the Army of the Cumberland, to enable him to avail himself of a leave of absence. heretofore granted him.

Third. Major General J. M. Schofield is assigned to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and Major General George Stoneman is relieved from the command of that corps, for assignment to the command of a special cavalry force, to be organized under special instructions from these headquarters to the commanding general of the Army of the Ohio.

Fourth. Major General John Newton is assigned to duty with the Army of the Cumberland, and will report to Major-General Thomas, at Chattanooga, for assignment to duty according to his rank.

Fifth. Commanding generals of department will make all rules necessary to carry into effect these orders, and will make such dispositions of the staff officers affected and of corps badges and other insignia as in their judgment will result in the harmony and good of the service.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Changed to the Twentieth. See Halleck to Sherman, April 6, p. 270.

---------------

