
nor will any be allowed to persons residing where the animals would be exposed to captured. Proper receipts, of a form to be prescribed by the chief quartermaster, will be taken in each case.

Hereafter no animals will be sold by the quartermaster's department in East Tennessee.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

R. MORROW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, April 6, 1864.

(Received 12.55 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The First and Third Corps having been merged into other corps, with the possibility of being filled up hereafter and restored to their corps organization, I would like to have the number of Hooker's corps changed to the Twentieth Corps. If this change is authorized, please notify Sherman by telegraph. It will cause dissatisfaction to give Numbers 1 to any other but the old corps having that number. To retain either the Numbers 11 or 12 will probably have the same effect with those losing their number.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 6, 1864-2.45 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

The combined Eleventh and Twelfth Corps under General Hooker is to be called the Twentieth Corps and not the First. Have General Orders, Numbers 144, so corrected.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 6, 1864.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL; I ought to have an officer of your department with me whose power is co-extensive with my own, whom I can freely converse with, explain plans, figures, reports, and everything. Now I have to deal with four independent departments, besides depot and district supervising quartermasters. Any one you name will be satisfactory to me, especially General Robert Allen. You saw enough out here to know that a general commanding should have such a quartermaster close by him all the time direct the harmonious working of this vast machinery.

I am, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

