
corn, as well as supplies generally, from the main depot at Columbia. Please order General to report to me by letter, when I will shadow to him the special service I expect of him.

This leaves you two other divisions of cavalry, which you can control at your pleasure, looking to the service on your front and the ability to supply and feed. I will do all I can to arm, equip, and mount the cavalry of yours and other commands, but I foresee infinite difficulty, and advise you to mount your best men, and use dismounted cavalry in great part to hold fortified points and guard your communications. This same general reasoning will apply to your artillery.

I would also suggest that the Twentieth Corps (now Hooker's) be organized into four divisions, one of which to be commanded by General Rousseau, who can be left to control the State of Tennessee lying west of the Tennessee River, and as far east as General Schofield's department would naturally cover. This division will necessarily be broken, and might be made to embrace all detachments and regimentary bodies inconvenient to brigade and handle. The other three divisions should be organized especially for battle.

I understand your other two corps were already well composed of three divisions each, which my experience shows to be the true organization, and in that case depot guards can be made up of details and half sick men naturally left behind.

I have your memorandum before me, and on re-examining it, I think I have done all or nearly all you ask.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

General Sherman directs me to say that orders have been sent to the headquarters Department of the Cumberland directing Garrard's entire division to rendezvous at Columbia, Tenn., and the troops now here awaiting their orders to move. Countermand any orders that may have been given that would conflict.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

BULL'S GAP, April 6, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville:

The party of women and children arrived from Knoxville this evening. Lick Creek continues unfordable, and supposing my report on his subject last night might result in their being detained for a few days I sent back a flag of truce, which came this morning, without mention of our purpose of sending this party through. There is no village here and but one house, and this arrival of 40 women and children is rather embarrassing. I hope, however,

