
to keep them from suffering till to-morrow, and if the creek does not fall, must send them back as far as Russellville. The party is much larger than I expected. Longstreet's mention of his intention to send a train to Lick Creek on the 11th (see his letter sent down to-night) is not consistent with the stories of he destruction of the bridges above, and is puzzling. Colonel Crawford has not yet received the positive reports from Watauga which he is expecting.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Div., Twenty-third Army Corps.

NASHVILLE, April 6, 1864.

General MCPHERSON, Huntsville:

Veatch's withdrawal from Purdy was very wrong. Call on him, in my name, for an immediate report.

Have you received any memorandum of movements which General Corse carried down the Mississippi? That will counteract any accumulation of cavalry in Mississippi. I think Johnston wants to feed up his corn on the Tombigbee, which he cant' haul away. The cavalry can't do us any more harm, but I am disappointed that Hurlbut and Veatch did not catch Forrest in flank.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, April 6, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have nor received your memorandum of movements which General Corse carried down the Mississippi. In addition to notifying the governors of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa abut directing the return of veteran regiments, batteries, &amp;c., you want to notify the governors of Missouri, Wisconsin, Kansas, and Minnesota.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 6, 1864.

General MCPHERSON, Huntsville:

That memorandum taken by General Corse is important and confidential; was sent you by a courier. I will notify the Governors you have named in addition.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATHENS, April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON, Decatur:

If you have mounted force enough send it up the river toward Guntersville, and try to catch the force near Triana, Lacey's Spring, &c. Detroy the boats that they cross with.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

18 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

