
ATHENS, April 6, 1864.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON,

Huntsville:

There is no force in the valley around Decatur except some 1,400 near New Mount Hope. This is infantry. There is a cavalry picket line running from Guntersville clear round to Courtland; this is done to catch the deserters and refugees seeking our lines. The mountains are full of them, and they hold the mountain district in spite of all efforts of the rebels to catch them. I know of several companies of at least 100 men, each led by our scouts and members of the First Alabama Cavalry.

The desertions from Johnston's army to the mountains are very large, and a great many come in to us.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, April 6, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Decatur:

Send the following to Major Hanna at Mooresville to-night:

General McPherson reports that rebels have a scow at Triana and cross daily. Send a force there and break up that arrangement. Watch the river close about Triana and catch them.

G. M. DODGE

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, April 6, 1864.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Brigadier-General VEATCH:

I have just received following dispatch:

Major-General Sherman directs me to call upon General Veatch for an immediate report giving the reason for hi withdrawal from Purdy, &amp;c. Communicate this to him, and direct him to send his report through these headquarters.

JAS. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

Send the report here. I will forward it.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, TENN.,

April 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. PARROTT,

Commanding, Prospect, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The general commanding hereby authorizes you to grant permission to loyal citizens in your vicinity to purchase and keep arms for defense against roobers. You must satisfy yourself fully that the applicants for permission of this kind are men to be trusted, and in no case grant them the favor where a doubt exists. In the permission given make them responsible for the proper use and safety of the arms.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, commanding:

JAMES DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant Fifty-second Illinois Vols. and Aide-de-Camp.

