
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 6. Nashville, Tenn., April 6, 1864.

To enable the military railroads running from Nashville to supply more fully the armies in the field, the following regulations will hereafter be observed:

I. No citizen nor any private freight whatever will be transported by the railroads, save as hereinafter provided.

II. Officers traveling under orders or on leave of absence,sick or furloughed soldiers departing from or returning to the orders of post commanders, of Brigadier General Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, or of the commanding officer of either of the Departments of the Ohio, the Cumberland, or the Tennessee, or of the Military Division of the Mississippi. Bodies of troops will not be transported by railroads when it is possible for them to march, except upon the order of the commanding officer of some one of the military departments above named. Civil employes of the various staff departments will be transported on the order of the senior and supervising quartermaster Department of the Cumberland, at Nashville, Tenn., or of the commanding officer of either of the military departments above named. Employes of the railroads will be transported on the order of the superintendent or chief engineer of the railroads.

III. No citizens will be allowed to travel on the railroads at all, except on the permit of the commanding officer of one of the three military departments or of the Military Division of the Mississippi, and when their transportation will not prevent that of any army supplies, of which the proper officer of the quartermaster's department will be the judge.

IV. Express companies will be allowed one car per day each way, on each military road, to carry small parcels for soldiers and officers. One car per day more on each road for sutlers' goods and officers' stores may be allowed by the senior and supervising quartermaster at Nashville, at his discretion; these cars to be furnished by the express companies and attached to the passenger trains. When a sufficient surplus of stores has been accumulated at the front, the senior and supervising quartermaster aforesaid may increase this allowance, but not before.

V. Stores exclusively for officers' messes, in very limited quantities, after due inspection by the inspecting officer at Nashville, Tenn., of sutler's goods, and all private stores, shipped to the front, will be passed free on the several roads, on the order of the senior and supervising quartermaster Department of the Cumberland, at Nashville, Tenn.

VI. Horses, cattle, or other live-stock will not be transported by railroad, except on the written order of the commanding general of the military division or of one of the military departments.

VII. Trains on their return trips will be allowed to bring up private freight, when the shipment thereof does no interfere with the full working of the roads, of which the senior and supervising quartermaster at Nashville will be the judge.

VIII. Provost-marshals have nothing to do with transportation by railroads. Their passes merely mean that the bearer can go from one point to another named in their pass, but not necessarily by rail.

The railroads are purely for army purposes.

