
IX. When the rolling-stock of the railroads in increased, or when a due accumulation of stores has been made at the front, increased facilities may be extended to passengers and private freight, of which due notice will be given. Until that time citizens and sutlers must use wagons.

X. Until the railroad is relieved, all military posts within 35 miles of Nashville and 20 miles of Stevenson, Bridgeport, Chattanooga, Huntsville, and Loudon must haul-their stores by wagons.

XI. The general manager of the railroads, and his duly appointed agents and conductors, will control the trains and will be authorized to call on every passenger for his orders for transportation by railroad, that they may be returned to the general manager or superintendent. The military guard will enforce good order, and sustain the agents and conductors of the roads in their rightful authority, but will report any mismanagement or neglect of duty through their officers to these headquarters.

XII. Until other arrangements are perfected, commanding officers, on the request of the railroad managers, will furnish details for providing wood or water at such points as may be necessary to supply the trains.

By command of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

April 7, 1864-7 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Do you think it will pay to send troops to Grenada at this late day? Unless Smith has already started I think his force had better be got at once where it can operate with one of the main armies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE,

April 7, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have ordered all the troops can be spared from the States west of Ohio to be sent to you. You can send them to Steele or where you think best. Rosecrans reports he can send no troops. I have in inspector there, however, to see. If possible, I will send Steele some from there. I will make provision at Pensacola for supplying a cavalry force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 7, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I have your dispatch in regard to a chief quartermaster. I appreciate your need, but it is only less difficult to find a senior

