HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,Ringgold, Ga., April 7, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

SIR: I beg to report the following, which I have learned from a scout this afternoon, for the information of the general commanding:

The cavalry force in our immediate front consists of three brigades, viz, two at Tunnel Hill and one at Varnell's Station. McCarter's [?] brigade crossed Coosa River at Cedar Bluffs two days ago, leaving the Sixth Georgia to guard that point, and are now en route of Northern Alabama. The entire cavalry force lately at Carter's Station (or Cartersville) has moved northwest. Northern Alabama is spoken of as their destination, but many believe that they are going to join Forrest in Western Kentucky. I have not received the instructions asked for with regard to Dr. Moss.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

From General G. H. Thomas' journal.

APRIL 7, 1864.

Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General A. Baird commanding, at Ringgold, Ga., was reviewed; also Long's brigade of cavalry, stationed at that place. A. B. Thornton, scout, left Atlanta, Ga.,about April 2. He discovered the rebels were fortifying to some extent at Chattahoochee bridge. They have also built a wagon-road bridge about 200 yards above the railroad bridge over the Chattahoochee River. First Georgia State troops are guarding both bridges. he understood they had fortified to some extent at Etowah Station (Hightower River), but as he passed there in the night he cannot speak from personal observation. At Resaca there are quite extensive fortifications and quite a number of guns mounted. Brown's brigade stationed 2 miles south of Dalton, and some ten or more pieces of artillery with it. Hood's and Hardee's corps at and around Dalton, numbering about 35,000. The two brigades of cavalry at Tunnel Hill, commanded by General Wheeler. Roddey, with one brigade of cavalry, between Varnell's Station and Spring Place. Martin's cavalry division, said to be 3,000 strong, has gone to North Alabama, via Alpine. The rebels have built formidable defenses at Buzzard Roost. The works are a little northwest of the Slaughter Pen, and across Mill Creek. Still west of the earthworks they have built a dam so as to flow the low-land in the vicinity with water, which makes it quite impossible for troops to pass. The railroad bridge is floored over for the passage of troops. The wagon road is entirely overflowed. It is abut 1 1/2 miles from Buzzard Roost to the Slaughter Pen, and about 2 miles from the Slaugher Pen to Dalton. The rebels are preparing to resist an attack from the Federal army in front of Dalton.

BULL'S GAP, April 7, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lick Creek being reported fordable at noon, I sent the party for Greeneville with directions to the commandant of the escort to send

