
You have seen General Sherman's orders. The line from here to Hatchie via Bolivar is to be held by your cavalry. You will move all disposable cavalry before daylight, sweeping round by La Grange to Bolivar. Let go of memphis, and give yourself no concern about it. Operate on the flanks and rear of the enemy and open communication with Veatch at and west of Purdy. Rally on them, or here if too strong for you, and press the matter home.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

APRIL 7, 1864-9.30 p. m.

[General GRIERSON:]

GENERAL: I am just informed that Forrest is crossing Wolf River at the new Raleigh road. This may or may to be true. your patrols ought to know. Your cavalry should be near the Fair Ground by daylight, so as to meet any sudden dash. I think a portion of his force has crossed Wolf above and will move on the Germantown or Poplar Street road.

It is of paramount importance that strong pickets be kept well out to-night.

Yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 7, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: In pursuance of instructions from Major General S. A. Hurblut, you will prepare your entire available mounted force, including the Fourth Missouri, with all the rations and ammunition that can be carried on the persons of the men, without wagons or ambulances, to march before daylight to-morrow morning. Call in all your patrols, and use the utmost dispatch in your preparations. Report at these headquarters in person at 8 p. m.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar dispatch to Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Hepburn, commanding Provisional Cavalry Regiment.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, April 7, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier General R. P. BUCKLAND,

Commanding District of Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It is reported that Forrest has crossed a portion of his force beyond White's Station, and is crossing the rest at the new Raleigh road crossing. If this be true, and it is substantiated by the known fact of a considerable force being north of Wolf to-day, it is of highest importance that the troops be all under arms before

