
Between Fosterville and Christiana, one company Twenty-third Missouri.

Christiana, three companies and headquarters Twenty-third Missouri.

Between Christiana and Stone's River, one company Twenty-third Missouri.

Murfreesborough, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio, Thirty-first Wisconsin, 384 convalescents.

At Stone's River, two companies Twenty-third Missouri Volunteers.

Overall's Creek, 5 miles from Murfreesborough, one company Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Stewart's Creek, one company Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Smyrna, one company Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Antioch, one company Eighty-fifth Indiana.

La Vergne, five companies Eighty-fifth Indiana. Thirty-third Indiana at present on furlough.

Stockade Numbers 2, one company Eighty-fifth Indiana.

Stockade Numbers 1, one company Eighty-fifth Indiana.

The following is the proposed arrangement of troops along the line from Nashville down:

three batteries in forts at Nashville, already in position. This in addition to the infantry.

The Twenty-third Missouri is to be ordered to McMinnville to relieve the Eighteenth Michigan, which regiment will then join its brigade.

Colonel Coburn's brigade to join its division. Three companies of artillery to be assigned to Murfreesborough. The convalescents to be armed with muskets.

General Rousseau to man the block-houses from Nashville to Murfreesborough.

Two regiments at Murfreesborough, and in block-houses as far as Tullahoma.

Tullahoma, one regiment.

Stevenson, one regiment.

Bridgeport, two regiments proposed, although I should think it requires 3,000 men on both sides of river, and three batteries.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NOTE Numbers 1.-When I passed up on Wednesday, March 20, the timber for these block-house was prepared and upon the grounds with few exceptions. In the cases of the latter I could not learn that nay work had been done upon them as yet. It will probably take until the 16th instant to complete them.

NOTE Numbers 2.-The block-houses as far south as Anderson are in about the same state of forwardness as those north of that point. Thence to Bridgeport they are probably completed by this time.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., April 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 6th instant was received to-day. Before receiving it I had determined on organizing the

