
message. The only Flint River that I know of is the one east of Huntsville. Thomas reports all quiet on his front. There are no signs of raid from the east into Kentucky. Johnston will hardly attack Thomas' fortified line, nor do I see what the enemy gain by working the Mobile and Ohio Road. At this stage of water the Tennessee is impassable to Athens, and all the troops in Mississippi will be scattered and harmless to us. I have sent orders to-day at Grant's suggestion for A. J. Smith to come around by water instead of overland by Grenada.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, April 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Dodge refers to Flint Creek, which empties into the Tennessee on the south side between Somerville and Decatur.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 8, 1864.

Major General J. A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: The indication and evidence of scouts go to show that the enemy has increased his force on the opposite side of the river within a day or two past. Notify the commanders of outposts along the river and detachments on the railroad to be on the alert and guard against any surprise, and to communicate promptly anything of importance which may come to their knowledge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 8, 1864.

Major General J. B. MCPHERSON,

Commanding Dept. and Army of the Tennessee, Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: I send report of scout, who arrived this morning. I did not telegraph, it being too long.

Left Rienzi, Miss., March 15, 1864. Met Forrest at Tupelo. He had rations issued to 4,800 horses. Buford's division was with him. His troops are all Tennessee and Kentuckians.

Left General Polk's headquarters, at Demopolis, March 26. Cars can run to Tibbee bridge on Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Cars not running from Meridian to Selma, but men are at work on it. polk was to move to Meridian as soon as the road was finished; he has 10,000 troops (French's and Loring's), besides some 3,000 Vicksburg prisoners in camp not armed. No troops have gone from Polk to Johnston since Sherman was there. Nothing at Columbus, Miss, Lee and Adams are toward Vicksburg.

Left Selma March 26; nothing there. A good deal of army work going on there.

