
By sending Slocum to Vicksburg and bringing Dodge and A. J. Smith's command here we are virtually taking the grater part of the Sixteenth Army Corps out from under General Hurlbut's control. If you deem it advisable to send him to Cairo I prefer having you issue the order, as his actions since my assignment to the command of the department show that he bars me no good will.

Who is to command the Seventeenth Army Corps? Whoever it is, I hope will arrive in time to go to Cairo and assist in reorganizing the two divisions which are to start from that point up the Tennessee River.

In my commutation to you giving the reasons in favor of selecting Huntsville as the point for the main depot, I did not intend to express an opinion as to the best point for crossing the river in force when we make a forward movement.

My information in relation to the character of the road on the other side of the river was not sufficient to enable me to judge correctly. But by using the steam-boat, which can be spared from Chattanooga, supplies can be transported from Whitesburg to any desired point, and they can be very easily taken from here to Whitesburg.

I have been to Whitesburg and will go to Guntersville soon, and in the mean time and gaining all the information I can in relation to roads, &amp;c., which I will communicate to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, April 8, 1864.

Major-General MCPHERSON,

Huntsville:

Would you be willing to give Butterfield your Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, General Logan? Butterfield is young, zealous, and full of knowledge.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, April 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have seen General Logan in relation to Butterfield. He does not wish any change made in his division commanders if it can be avoided. If officers are assigned to us the only way will be to place them on duty as near as may be according to rank without consulting any one, all other things being equal.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

ATHENS, April 8, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Decatur:

General Veatch's command is here. Will be in Decature to-morrow about noon.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

