
PADUCAH, April 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN,

Commanding, Cairo:

Reports confirmed that Forrest is at or in the neighborhood of Jackson in force. General Buford at Trenton day before yesterday. Forces at Dukedom and Perryville on the stand-still. Cannot tell where they intend to strike. If you have the force to spare I would be pleased to have additional forces.

All quiet here, except the feverish excitement among the citizens.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PADUCAH, April 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN:

I have just seen U. S. mail agent on railroad from here to Union City. He was at Mayfield yesterday evening. Small force of enemy there then. He reports, from best information he could get, Forrest re-enforced by McCulloh at Jackson and Trenton. Buford and Faulkner were at Trenton. He says Forrest has under him now between 10,000 and 15,000 men moving in this direction.

He has charge of mails here with instructions from you. Could he not detain all mail matter suspected, and which might be of value to you?

Colonel Hicks is very vigilant; you may depend he is ready to fight at all times. Captain Talmadge and self leave on boat Anderson this p. m.

C. B. SMITH,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 8, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.

Dispatch from Brayman received. Grierson has be recalled. The bulk of Lee's cavalry is with Forrest. Lee himself is reported at Clanton. Three regiments infantry at Okolona waiting for horses. It is believed that Forrest proposes to cross the Tennessee as soon as he can mount his force.

The showing of force toward Memphis is, I think, to cover the march of trains south. These trains I will try and reach. The city militia turn out pretty well.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST AND DEFENSES,Vicksburg, Miss., April 8, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Arrived about 8 a. m. Will coal and leave at 11 a. m. Will make mouth of Red River to-morrow at about 7 a. m. Gave General McArthur the memoranda, and informed him of the projected plan. He

