
you to back me in this, as I know the President and Secretary of War, yielding to ex parte clamor, will fail to see my reasons, nor will I explain them till asked for; you might do so. I must accumulate to the front at once as large a surplus as the capacity of the road will accomplish.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 8, 1864-2.45 p.m.

Major-General HEINZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that you cause a thorough examination to be made in your department, so as to get every available man into the field as early as possible. All delays, irregularities, and neglects to forward the men should be reported to the Adjutant-General of the Army, that the necessary orders may be issued. All recruits and new organizations, and all the old troops that can possibly be spared from Ohio and Michigan, are to rendezvous at Washington, and all in Indiana and Illinois at Louisville. This order does not apply to veterans, who will return to the commands to which they belong unless otherwise specially ordered; nor does it apply to recruits for particular corps. The lieutenant-general wishes the old troops in your department reduced to the lowest number of men necessary for the duty to be performed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY, Louisa, April 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FAIRLEIGH,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

No force except Hodge's in Kentucky, except a battalion of Virginia rebels above on my left. My advance outposts are at Prestonburg. I have received but 300 horses yet, and of course my mounted force cannot act independent. If I had the Forty-fifth Kentucky I could drive the rebels "now in" out of the State and leave this point safe. Could I not order the company I have at Greenup to join me?

Yours, &amp;c.,

G. W. GALLUP,

Colonel Fourteenth Kentucky, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 21. Paris, Ky., April 8, 1864.

The withdrawal of the mounted infantry regiments from this command making it necessary to change the organization of the corps, it is hereby reorganized as follows:

First Division, Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, commanding:

First Brigade: Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Ninth Regiment Michigan Cavalry. First Regiment Kentucky Cavalry.

