
Second Brigade, Colonel Capron commanding: Fourteenth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Fifth Indiana Volunteer Cavalry, Eighth Michigan Cavalry.

Second Division, Colonel James Biddle, Sixth Indiana Cavalry, commanding:

First Brigade, Colonel Crittenden commanding: Twelfth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry, Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Cavalry.

Second Brigade, Colonel Holeman commanding: Sixth Indiana Cavalry, Eleventh Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry.

To this organization other regiments will be attached as they arrive.

Commanders of divisions and brigades will make such changes in the present location of the troops as may be rendered by this order.

By command of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army, and Actq. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,

No. 8. April 8, 1864.

In accordance with an order just received from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, I am assigned to a new command. Our intimate relations for the past year in sunshine and sorrow have knit us together in close ties of friendship. To me you are known and tried and beloved, so that it is needless to say that there is much that is painful in the change. We have met reverse together, and borne it. We have won victory together, and claim the honor. If by my example and effort I have succeeded in preserving unity, and therefore strength, and have thus been instrumental in enabling you to make a noble record in behalf of your country, I am satisfied. I take leave of you perfectly assured from the past brief though eventful history of the Eleventh Corps that you will give to the new organization of which you will form a part, and to our common leader at the head of it, tried and honored in so many battles of this war, the same obedient, cheerful, and energetic spirit that has carried you through every description of danger.

By a continued devotion to duty, under the Divine blessing, a reward hardly as yet anticipated is in store for each of you, as for every soldier of the Union, at the hands of free and grateful people.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 7. Pulaski, Tenn., April 8, 1864.

The general commanding regrets that the state of discipline in this command has become so loose as to compel him to publish a general order on the subject. No officer having the good of the service at heart can fail to see the pernicious effect of a too free social intercourse between officers and men. All officers are therefore strictly forbidden to associate on terms of equality with enlisted men. This applies especially to officers messing, playing at games of any description, or visiting with their men, as also permitting them to visit their quarters except upon business, which is to be done in the proper manner. In a general sense this order will make it the duty of

