
officers to require respectful and courteous treatment from enlisted men on all occasions. Whenever company officers or officers connected with regiments or batteries are quilty of violating this order it shall be the duty of regimental commanders to place such officer or officers in arrest, and prefer the proper charges against the same without delay, and any regimental commander neglecting to do this will be placed in arrest by his brigade commander and the charge of neglect of duty preferred against him.

This order applies to staff officers who may have enlisted men directly under their charge, and any violation of this order will subject them to the same penalty as above prescribed, the general commanding division and commanders of brigades being the proper officers to execute the same.

Officers of the inspector-general's department are charged with the responsibility of seeing this order properly executed, and will report without favor any officer who violates its requirements.

This order will be read to each regiment and battery composing this command at the evening parade following its receipt.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny, commanding:

LOUIS H. EVERTS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS,No. 90. Athens, Ala., April 8, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will proceed with his command to Decatur, posting one regiment at Mooresville and a sufficient force at the junction to secure the safety of stores and trains at that point. He will have command of all troops at Mooresville Junction and Decatur.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Brigadier General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 9, 1864-10 p.m. [Received 3 p.m., 10th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Will you please ascertain if General F. P. Blair is to be sent to General Sherman? If not, an army corps commander will have to be named for the Fifteenth Corps.

I would much sooner have General Hunter or Buell at Memphis than Hurlbut, and General Sherman is not willing to try Hurlbut in the field again.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 9, 1864-10.30 p.m. [Received 3 p.m., 10th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

General Sherman thinks Hurlbut not bold enough to retain at Memphis. I will think over the matter and suggest some one to

