
Larkin's Ferry to let the boat or boats pass in down to Decatur. I have no boats except what are in use in the pontoon bridges, and would like very much to have the force you send continue on down to Decatur.

It is reported that there is a force of the enemy about 400 strong opposite Whitesburg; they have as yet displayed no artillery.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, April 9, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Garrard has reached Columbia. Orders were sent him last night to report to you by letter. Orders were given by General Elliott when in Nashville that Garrard's division should be mounted and equipped first of any of my cavalry, and he reports to me that when equipped the division will muster over 6,000 men.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

BULL'S GAP, April 9, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville:

Flag-of-truce party not back yet, and Lick Creek again unfordable from the heavy rain of the past twenty-four hours. No bridging tools have been sent up yet. If we had them the county bridge over Lick creek and the small trestle here could be repaired in a day. Our wagons will not be able to recross on their way back from Greeneville till the stream falls. I have placed Klein's cavalry at the creek to protect them. No enemy anywhere near us in force. Reports show none below the Watauga, and probably none south of Bristol.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Division, 23rd Army Corps.
HDQRS. 1ST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Cleveland, Tenn., April 9, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report all quiet. My scouting parties are sent out daily on all the roads leading from this point. They find the enemy's pickets at the same positions as previously reported. I have inaugurated a system of patrolling at all hours of the day and night, by which I am persuaded a band of spies and mail carriers from the enemy will be either captured or broken up. I would respectfully suggest that the post commander be instructed to exercise more strictness in granting passes to citizens, as I am induced to believe that information is obtained by the enemy through persons who pass through here.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient

servant,

EDWARD M. MCCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

