
NASHVILLE, April 9, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

I have no doubt of the truth of the report by General Dodge's scouts, and I am glad of it. I would rather have Loring to our front than their bothering Hurlbut. I am afraid Veatch's coming away will endanger Grierson, who is not hunting for him.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 9, 1864-4.30 p.m. [Received 12th.]

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Memphis:

General Dodge's scout reports that Loring's division is marching from Demopolis for North Alabama. This is more probable than that he will remain in Mississippi.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 9, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

On yesterday I destroyed a bridge erected by the rebels to cross Wolf 5 miles from town. They have abandoned the idea of coming in here. Forrest's train and artillery are reported moving up via Saulsbury. He means to cross Tennessee in force and should be looked for about Big Sandy.

Cairo should have a full regiment and another for Columbus. S. D. Lee is reported to have chief command of expedition in your rear.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., April 9, 1864.

General HURLBUT,Memphis:

Your dispatch of the 6th is received. I have sent orders that Smith's command will not come by Grenada as proposed.

Veatch went to Purdy as ordered and came right away, and I did not hear of his coming till he had got to Florence. I fear that Grierson in trying to communicate with him will get in a scrape, but I ordered General Brayman to advise you of the fact as quickly as possible.

The object of Forrest's move is to prevent our concentration as against Johnston, but we must not permit it. Until McPherson's veteran volunteers assemble at Cairo I cannot make my plans to attack Forrest where he is. You have force enough to defend Memphis, and Forrest does us little harm where he is.

There are gun-boats at Eastport, and we have a large force at

