HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, April 10, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. GEARY,Commanding Division, Twelfth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding the department directs that you take the steamer Chickamauga, upon her arrival at Bridgeport, place upon her two of your regiments, with plenty of ammunition and ten days' rations, and one piece of artillery to guard the boat, and proceed with the same down the Tennessee River as far as Decatur, examining carefully the south bank and all streams emptying into the Tennessee upon the south side, and destroying all boats of whatever kind you may find. You will also notify the inhabitants that no more boats will be permitted to be built or used, except with permission of the major-general commanding the department.

Upon returning you will examine, in the same manner, the north side of the river, and destroy what boats you may find, with the exceptions hereinafter mentioned, unless Major-General, McPherson shall need them for some purpose, in which case you will turn them over to him. You will not destroy the boats at Decatur or Larkin's Landing, which will be the only points at which communications across the river will be permitted.

You will give the same notice to the inhabitants living on the north side of the river as upon the south.

Having completed the work assigned you, you will return to your station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

BULL'S GAP, April 10, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Knoxville:

The order organizing the division transfers the Sixty-third Indiana from the Second Brigade, where it now is, to the First Brigade, and will leave only two regiments present in the Second Brigade, with a lieutenant-colonel as senior officer, one regiment having no field officers present on duty. Is the general commanding aware of this? The flag-of-truce party sent to Greenville has got back to Lick Creek, and will be here to-night. The rebel families which came up to-day will have to wait till to-morrow, as my ambulances all went with the other party. The party stopped at Greeneville for the smaller detachment to go forward to Jonesborough with the letter for General Ransom and return. This was contrary to my intention, and has caused two days' delay.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

APRIL 10, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON, Huntsville:

Force that went to Triana and Whitesburg on south side of river have returned. Met small force of enemy at each place. All there, except three squads, moved to Moulton and Danville with Clanton's brigade.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

