
II. The practice of going to houses and ordering food and forage must be discontinued.

III. When it becomes necessary to procure forage it must be receipted for by the commanding officer of the party.

IV. Loyal citizens are requested to report any violation of this order to these headquarters, giving names and dates, and also names of witnesses.

By command of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, March 7, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs me to say that troops cannot be spared from Chattanooga; that you should keep Longstreet as far up the valley as you can, destroying in railroad near him in he advances.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

MADISONVILLE, TENN.,

March 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report the following information, obtained by two of my scouts who were inside of the enemy's lines. They are both men of intelligence and their statements can be relied upon. Were at Newport on Wednesday, the 2nd instant; took dinner in the town within General Armstrong's lines, whose cavalry is at that place with four pieces of artillery, and is said to be short of artillery ammunition. His (Armstrong's) horses are in middling condition. Were informed by the rebels at that place that General Morgan, with his division and two pieces of artillery, had gone to re-enforce Johnston at Dalton, via Warm Springs and Asheville. From best information they could procure Morgan left about ten days since. General Martin accompanied Morgan's division southward.

Longstreet's headquarters on the 2nd instant were at Greeneville, Tenn., at Vance's old other. Longstreet was sid to be turning over his wagons and mounting his men on train mules and horses, shipping his baggage to Atlanta and Richmond. Rebel soldiers and citizens reported that Longstreet intended retreating to Virginia; others, that he was going to invade Kentucky. Saw two deserters, who informed them that Longstreet's army was between Bull's Gap and Greeneville.

Armstrong sends scouting parties from Newport in the direction of and to Sevierville. Rebels had been informed that three brigades of our cavalry were at Sevierville, and were badly frightened, saddled up, and remainder so during the night. The threw away blue overcoats and Yankee clothes in anticipation of being attacked.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your very obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

