
signed to duty with me, and I indicated two commands for him, either of which would be highly honorable, but I don't think it would be just for me to advise Schofield to be displaced as commander of the Department of the Ohio. He enjoys the confidence of General Grant and of his command, and were I to give preference to General Buell I would do an act of injustice by adding what little wight I possess to that of a clamor raised because General Schofield did not allow himself to be used by a political faction.

General Buell's friends put in circulation the reports that gained publicity that he was to supersede Schofield for the purpose of producing that result, I would be compelled, as an honest man, to counteract it; but I think I now the general too well to believe he would resort to such measures to injure a brother officer, who, though younger than himself, seems to have devoted his best energies and services to the common cause.

The damned newspaper mongrels seem determined to sow dissensions wherever their influence is felt.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 101. Knoxville, Tenn., April 10, 1864.

I. The Twenty-third Army Corps will be reorganized as follows, to take effect on the 11th instant:

First Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Brigadier General A. P. Hovey commanding:

First Brigade, Colonel R. F. Barter commanding; One hundred and twentieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. C. McQuiston commanding: One hundred and twenty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and twenty-ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and thirtieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Artillery attached to First Division: Twenty-third Indiana Battery, Captain James H. Myers; Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, Lieutenant Henry W. Shafer commanding.

Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Brigadier General H. M. Judah commanding:

First Brigade, Brigadier General M. S. Hascall commanding: Twenty-fifth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Third East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, Sixth East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.

Second Brigade,, Colonel M. W. Chapin, Twenty-third Michigan, commanding: Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Artillery attached to Second Division: Battery F, First Michigan,

