
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 35. Memphis, Tenn., April 10, 1864.

Under instructions from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, and Major General J. B. McPherson, commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee, the undersigned assumes command of all troops heretofore attached to the Seventeenth Army Corps now on the Mississippi River.

Until the reorganization of the Seventeenth Army Corps shall be effected, all troops on the Mississippi River heretofore reporting to the commanding general of the Seventeenth Army Corps will report through brigade and division commanders to these headquarters, commencing with the tri-monthly for this date.

Officers assigned to specific commands by orders from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps will continue to act under such assignment until further orders.

A full roster of commanders and staff officers for each headquarters, and of the commanding officers of each regiment, battery, or detachment, and a consolidated morning report of each regiment, battery, or detachment, in the portion of this command above referred to, full and complete in all the details prescribed by the notes and headings, will be made up immediately upon the receipt of this order, and forwarded to these headquarters by messenger.

The headquarters of the command will be at Memphis, Tenn., and the staff of the Sixteenth Army Corps, announced below, will be obeyed and recognized throughout the command.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Harris, assistant adjutant-general.

Colonel W. L. Lothrop, chief of artillery and ordnance.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Thurston, assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Elias Nigh, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Hinsdill, chief commissary.

Surg. A. B. Campbell, U. S. Volunteers, medical director.

Captain J. H. Burdick, acting ordnance officer.

Major J. O. Pierce, assistant adjutant-general, acting judge-advocate.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 11, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The Secretary of War has no information in regard to General Blair's case.

General Hurlbut has not sufficient military experience for so important a command as the Department of the South. I will write you in regard to this matter, and also in regard to Generals Buell and Hunter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, April 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Culpeper, Va.:

GENERAL: I regard our establishments at Morris Island, Hilton Head, and on the sea islands of immense importance. As soon as Gillmore leaves the rebels will probably attack one or more of these

