HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, April 11, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry being unable to furnish the detail necessary to make a scout into Broomtown Valley, the major-general commanding directs that you detail a force of from 100 to 150 mounted men to proceed, under the guidance of Dick Turpin, to Broomtown Valley, for the purpose of capturing 46 men and 100 horses of the rebel Captain Davenport's company, left in the valley for the purpose of assisting the enrolling officers. The party will take three days' rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

From General G. H. Thomas' journal.

APRIL 11, 1864.

The cavalry command of the Army of the Cumberland was reorganized, forming four divisions, commanded by Colonel Edward M. McCook, Brigadier General Kenner Garrard, Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, and Brigadier General A. C. Gillem, each division containing three brigades, averaging three regiments to a brigade. First Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, was reviewed at Ooltewah.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., April 11, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Division of the Mississippi:

In compliance with orders just received, I have the honor to report as follows, viz: Twenty-third Army Corps, First Division, Brigadier-General Hovey commanding, en route from Nashville, 4,500; Second Division, Brigadier-General Judah commanding, at Mossy Creek, 4,200; Third Division, Brigadier-General Cox commanding, at Bull's Gap, 3,900; Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Ammen commanding, in East Tennessee, 4,700; Fifth Division, Brigadier-General Burbridge commanding, in Kentucky, 9,500; total effective for service in the field, 12,600; total effective for district duty, 14,200. Cavalry corps, Major-General Stoneman commanding, effective strength not known; in Kentucky remounting.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

BULL'S GAP, April 11, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville:

The foreman of the bridge-builders, who came up this afternoon, reports that it will take a week to get out the timber and repair the small railroad bridge here and the county bridge at Lick Creek so

