
tion and communication. General McPherson can also detach one of Smith's regiments to remain at Clifton, where there is now a mounted Tennessee regiment, and where others can easily be thrown by a railroad now under construction from here to Reynoldsburg.

This occurs to me to be the best arrangement, and I will suggest it to General McPherson and order it if he thinks my orders will give more satisfaction than his own. I see fully the points of delicacy involved in the questions of rank and seniority as between you, McPherson, and Slocum, but surely in times like these patriotism should induce us all to do anything and everything to make union and harmony prevail everywhere. So help me God, I will cheerfully subside, and if required will take command of a company post if ordered or even suggested by those who from success, merit, or even chance, have the lawful control. I know you must regard me as your personal friend; I am so, and will continue to be, and will manifest it by frankness. You have a high order of professional knowledge, but I do not think you naturally inclined to the rough contact of field service. Your orders and instructions are all good, but your execution not so good; as in case of the non-destruction of that bridge above Canton and your declining the Red River command. Of this no one knows but myself. Grant thinks you cling too close to Memphis from a love of ease, or other reason, and if Dodge were a major-general I think he would have taken away your command of the corps, as he has of Gordon Granger, for other similar reasons. We must now have men of action. I would like to hear from you in all confidence, and hope you will appreciate mine. Truly, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Bridgeport, Ala., April 11, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Huntsville, Ala.:

Under instructions from Major-General Thomas I start with troops on the Chickamauga down the Tennessee to Larkin's Landing and Decatur to-morrow morning. My orders require me to burn all boats except those at these two places, and those you require to be saved.

You will oblige me by having your men on the river communicate with me as to your wishes. Please answer.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

APRIL 11, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON, Huntsville:

I was over to Decatur yesterday. The enemy's cavalry appeared to be working around to our right. Clanton's force is all at Moulton and Danville, with a considerable force stretched along the river from Town Creek down. Only one company yesterday in Whitesburg.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

