
RINGGOLD, March 7, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Deserters state that there are six divisions of infantry between Nickajack and Dalton - 40,000 men. The cavalry which was on the raid came with one day's rations and no artillery.

Wheeler crossed with 1,500 men at Gordon's Gap; another party closer to the Nickajack, and another 2 miles this side; the object, to turn our right.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.

LOUDON, March 7, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Schofield directs me to send to McCook's cavalry to you. What orders shall I give it?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 7, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER:

As soon as General Schofield's cavalry get down to relieve McCook, I want him to march to Cleveland.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Triana, March 7, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

Under direct orders received from department headquarters, I ordered across the Tennessee River one I. H. Hundley, who was a rebel and had been communicating with the enemy, his brother, a colonel in the rebel army, being in command opposite this place. He refuse to take the oath of allegiance. Yesterday he walked into my tent informing me that Colonel A. O. Miller had permitted him to come again within our lines, and that he had taken the oath of allegiance at Huntsville. I know him to be a vile rebel. I beg very respectfully to inquire if it be regular, if it be right, when I have acted under orders from department headquarters in sending rebels within the rebel lines, for Colonel Miller to invite them back again?

Hearing that a squad of rebel soldiers were going to cross to this side of the river between here and Whitesburg for the purpose of going to Lincoln County and conscripting, but really, as I think, to act as spies and bushwhackers, I sent out a party and captured couterments, and would not have surrendered had they not been fired on by my men. I sent them "as prisoners of war" to Huntsville, and 3 of them were permitted to take the oath of allegiance and returned immediately inside the rebel lines. One of them, A. F. Spain, had captured one of General Mitchell's men at this place in spring

3 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

