
unauthorized seizures or unnecessary damage to private property shall be reported to these headquarters, the pay of the officers and men implicated will be stopped until full restitution shall be made and the guilty parties brought to justice.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., CAV., CORPS,

No. 1. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Paris, Ky., April 11, 1864.

I. In accordance to General Orders, No. 21, dated headquarters Cavalry Corps, Army of the Ohio, April 8, 1864, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the First Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Ohio.

II. The following-named officers serving on staff of the First Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Ohio, are hereby relieved from duty in their respective departments and will report for duty at once to their regimental commanders:

Lieutenant Watson B. Smith, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Thomas Rowland, acting assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant E. F. Smith, acting ordnance officer.

Lieutenant R. H. Humphrey, acting assistant quartermaster.

Lieutenant W. C. Root, acting assistant commissary of subsistence.

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Louisville, April 12, 1864.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I will leave to-morrow morning to confer personally with General Sherman. The sovereign difficulty that General Sherman has to contend with is in getting supplies forward to the advanced depots. Up to the present moment the rolling-stock on the roads leading out of Nashville has only been sufficient to transport the daily want. All the engines and cars to carry forward the surplus have yet to arrive from the East; they are coming at the rate of about 15 per day; from 1,500 to 2,000 are required to do the work. The depots at Nashville are overstocked with provisions and forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NASHVILLE, Nashville, Tenn., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division, near Columbia, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Colonel S. K. N. Patton, commanding Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, has telegraphed to these headquarters that you have assumed command of the post of Columbia and its vicinity. I sup-

