
to the railroad depot, which affords a place to build store-houses and to cover them from attack, besides being close to the railroad depot.

I am having a plan of the works at Franklin, Tenn., made out by an assistant engineer; when finished I shall send you a copy. I visited Franklin, and found the principal work, Fort Granger, in a dilapidated condition; no attempt appears to have been made to keep it in proper order or repair. The magazines are very damp and entirely unfit to store ammunition. I noticed green mold on the ceiling. All the heavy guns are being remounted, and I understand it is the intention to keep two field pieces in the fort. I rode on the locomotive during my trip for the purpose of observing what work had been done on the block-houses now being built on the Nashville and Decatur Railroad. They were in an unfinished condition, and I should judge they were three-fourths done; the most of the work remaining to be done is to put on the roofs. I have sent a copy of this report to Captain William E. Merrill, chief engineer Department of the Cumberland, so that he may give his opinion and instructions relative to putting up works at Columbia, should General Rousseau desire it to be done. I expect to visit McMinnville, Tenn., this week, if I find I can do so without detriment to the engineer department at Nashville, Tenn.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. WILLETT,

First Lieutenant Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, Inspector Fortifications District of Nashville.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., April 12, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

It is stated that the Senate committee has reported against my confirmation as major-general. I have good reason to believe that this report is made upon the assumption that I have not done all that I ought to have done in East Tennessee. If you can with propriety make the facts known to your brother or some other Senator you will do me a great service.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 12, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The troops of the Fourth Corps now at Loudon will march for Charleston in a few days. I will have to detain those on the railroad between Loudon and Charleston a few days longer, and will also have to depend upon your troops to hold the Hiwassee until Hovey arrives. I will stop him at Charleston.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX, Bull's Gap:

I think it advisable to rebuild the trestle-work this side of Bull's Gap, so that the cars can run to Lick Creek. By the time this is done

