
McMinnville and relieve the Nineteenth Michigan at that place, which regiment, upon being relieved, will join its brigade [Coburn's]. Coburn's brigade will march to the front and report for duty to Major General Joseph Hooker, commanding Twentieth Army Corps.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 103. Knoxville, Tenn., April 12, 1864.

VII. The One hundred and twelfth Illinois Infantry is hereby transferred from the First to the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, and the Sixty-third Indiana Infantry is transferred from the Second to the First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

*			*			*			*			*

IX. The Fiftieth Ohio Infantry and Fourth Tennessee Infantry will move, without unnecessary delay, to Loudon, Tenn., and take post at that place under the direction of Brigadier-General Ammen, commanding Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. On the arrival of the Fiftieth Ohio at Loudon, the troops of the Fourth Army Corps now at that place and between that place and Knoxville will be relieved from further duty in this department. They will march to Charleston, on the Hiwassee, and report for further orders to Major-General Thomas, commanding Army of the Cumberland.

The troops now stationed on the railroad between Loudon and Charleston will remain in their present position until further orders.

*			*			*			*			*

XI. The Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Brigadier-General Ammen commanding, will be distributed as follows, viz:

1. The First Brigade, Brigade-General Garrard commanding, will occupy Cumberland Gap, and keep open its line of communication with its depot of supplies in Kentucky. The Eleventh Tennesee Cavalry and Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry [now dismounted] will be remounted as soon as the horses can be obtained and forage becomes sufficient for their support. They will them protect the communication with Knoxville, and scout as far as practicable in front of Cumberland Gap, keeping inferior forces of the enemy ata distance and gaining early and accurate information of the movements of any superior force.

Cumberland Gap must be held obstinately, and raids into Kentucky or Middle Tennessee prevented as far as possible with the troops of the First Brigade.

2. The Second Brigade [Reserve Artillery], Brigadier-General Tillson commanding, will occupy the defenses of Knoxville, and, if practicable, protect the railroad bridge at Strawberry Plains and the railroad to Loudon. The regiment of cavalry attached will be employed under the direction of the brigade or division commander in scouting the surrounding country for the purpose of gaining early and accurate information of any movement of the enemy. Special care must taken to keep the horses in serviceable condition.

