
Knoxville must be held at all hazards and against any force, however large. Its defense will be completed under the immediate direction and superintendence of Brigadier-General Tilson, and will be made as formidable as practicable. Store-houses for the arms and commissary of subsistence depots will be erected at suitable places within the defenses, large enough to contain four months' supplies for the garrison.

Brigadier-General Tillson is assigned to the immediate command of the Reserve Artillery and of the defenses of Knoxville, with his headquarters at Knoxville. He will equip and keep prepared for the field such reserve light artillery as may from time to time be ordered, and will re-equip and refit such batteries as may be sent to the rear for that purpose. He is also charged with the care of the reserve supplies of artillery and ordnance stores, and will attend to the filling of al requisitions for such for troops in the field.

Brigadier-General Tillson will continue the organization of colored troops in the District of East Tennessee and the care of the contrabands at Knoxville, in accordance with orders which he has heretofore received.

The Second Tennessee Infantry will furnish such details as may be required by the provost-marshal-general of East Tennessee for the execution of his orders.

3. Third Brigade, Colonel Strickland commanding, will be distributed under the direction of the division, commander in such manner as to hold the railroad bridge at Loudon, protect the railroad between that point and the Hiwassee as far as practicable, and hold the railroad bridge and supply depot at the Hiwassee as long as may be necessary.

The regiment now at Kingston may be left at that place and vicinity for protection of quartermaster's property and for such other duty as may be required.

Brigadier-General Ammen, commanding Fourth Division, will give his special attention to the drill, discipline, and efficiency of the Third Brigade, and to the erection of defenses at Loudon and the Hiwassee, and spend at those points as much of his time as can be spared from other duties. He will make his headquarters at any point in his district where his presence may at any time be most needed.

The disposition herein ordered for the Fourth Division is subject to such modifications as circumstances may, in the opinion of the general commanding the division, require from time to time, having in view the importance of holding the four points-Knoxville, Cumberland Gap, Loudon, and Hiwassee.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

R. MORROW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN.,

No. 3. Huntsville, Ala., April 12, 1864.

Major General H. W. Slocum, having reported for duty in accordance with General Orders, No. 5, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Vicksburg, extending from the mouth of the Arkansas River on

