
the west side of the Mississippi and the Tallahatchie River on the east side down to the Department of the Gulf, headquarters at Vicksburg, Miss.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

L. S. WILLARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 93. Memphis, Tenn., April 12, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

IX. The four companies Sixteenth Kentucky Cavalry serving in the District of Cairo will immediately proceed to Louisville, Ky., there to report to Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 13, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

Yours of the 6th instant has been presented to the Secretary of War, who has directed that Colonel A. Beckwith, aide-de-camp and commissary of subsistence, shall be ordered to report to you.

J. P. TAYLOR,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

General THOMAS,Chattanooga;

Continue to send me reports of scouts and rebel newspapers. Yours are most interesting. Two of mine are in from Memphis, having come from Holly Springs, Pontotoc, Aberdeen, Columbus, Selma, Montgomery, West Point, back to Selma, up to Talladega and Blue Mountain. The enemy is collecting a cavalry force at Blue Mountain, which is about 25 miles from Gadsden, on account of forage which comes up the railroad from Selma and Talladega; and it is believed that Loring's division is ordered to the same point from Demopolis. Johnston doubtless is trying to make up a force to watch that flank, which he must observe is being threatened by McPherson. Forrest is reported again to be attacking Columbus, Ky., and also trying to cross the Tennessee near Hamburg. He seems to be omni-present, but I think his cavalry is scattered over between the Mississippi and the Tennessee stealing horses and feeding them. I would as lief have him there as anywhere else now. Newton is here and will come forward to-morrow. Keep a good division for him.

