
Keep on collecting your command, as we arranged, and unload your cars as fast as possible. I will push forward stores as fast as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I am this moment in receipt of your letter of the 11th. Affairs are working quietly, but so far satisfactorily. I am gradually moving my troops down from East Tennessee, but have to watch the newspaper men closely to prevent them from exposing everything. I also find great difficulty in preventing my division commanders as well as subordinates from publishing to the world everything they see, hear, or conjecture. However, I will not complain, but have merely mentioned this to remind you of the difficulties we are laboring under.

My signal men at Ringgold discovered the rebel signal cipher, and have been reading their messages for some days. The officer foolishly informed Baird that he could do so and Baird let it get out all over camp, thus carelessly throwing away a most important advantage.

All your suggestions in regard to drills, &amp;c., are executed daily, and I hope and believe you will find this army ready. I am willing to risk Granger on leave, if he desires to go. I should think Rousseau could give personal attention to both for a time. Newton will get a division in either the Fourth or Fourteenth. Palmer has told me that he would be perfectly willing to serve under Buell. If I could get a good place for Steinwehr there would be no difficulty in organizing Hooker's command very efficiently. Hooker, I am gratified to see, seems pleased.

I have no especial news from the front to-day.

Yours, truly,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

CLEVELAND, TENN., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to forward papers, memoranda, maps, &c., captured on the person of Captain F. R. R. Smith, attached to the rebel General Johnston's corps of engineers. I would call your attend on especially to the map of Atlanta and vicinity, and the order requiring him to make a topographical survey of it. I hope it may prove valuable, as also the maps of the vicinity where he was captured. My scouts came near capturing Captain Herman of the enemy's engineers on yesterday, but his horse was too fast. From the inquiries he made and his operations, he was evidently making a survey of the country south of the Connessauga River, west of the Federal road, north of Sumac Creek. Captain Smith says he was

