
number of our cavalry taken by them was 26; that his command was about 2,500 strong, and that it left the vicinity of Tunnel Hill yesterday at 10 a.m.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

BULL'S GAP, April 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

The inspection of the regiments at Loudon will be made at once. Do you intend that the Tenth Michigan Cavalry shall report here? I have not heard where they are. The small bridge on railroad will be completed to-morrow evening, and the workmen will be ready for your decision as to repair of Lick Creek wagon bridge. No news of interest except rumor that Waughn's cavalry brigade is ordered back to Rogersville. It was not there yesterday.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville, Tenn.:

You can get rid of all citizens in your department by ordering them to enlist or go away. All passes are made void by fraud or crime. You can apply these principles without my using names. I will write to John Sherman on the matter you as. Try and get rid of those newspaper reporters; they will detect and publish our movements in time for Joe Johnston to guess at our plans.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 13, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

My latest reports indicate that Longstreet's main force is still in the vicinity of Abingdon and Bristol. It is reported that the rebels have been strengthening the railroad bridges across the Watauga and Holston, both before and since they fell back. These reports come from very reliable Union men.

General Burbridge reports Morgan having passed Pound Gap with 3,000 cavalry supported by infantry. I do not get any such information from this direction.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

We are perfectly willing that Longstreet should remain up at Abingdon, and I would not object to his sending a force through Pound

