
The cavalry patrols on all roads must be kept strong and well out, and a strong detachment should sweep up on the north side of Loosahatchie and in the space between Loosahatchie and Wolf. The construction of bridges should be watched, and every precaution taken against surprise.

Your cavalry must be kept up to its full strength by the use of all horses fit for service. Officers must be kept with their men, and men must not be allowed to race their horses in the manner they are now doing. If no other way can be devised, men will not be allowed to leave the camp on horseback to visit the city except on duty and in charge of an officer.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING,Commanding First Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL: Information has been received that there are several hundred of the enemy on this side of Wolf River, at what point is not known.

The general commanding directs that you send out about 200 men to scour the country well between this point and the Wolf, and to examine closely the river at all points to see that the enemy are not preparing crossings. They should look well on toward the crossing on the Macon and Memphis road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

Colonel G. E. WARING,Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: You have probably head that Fort Pillow has been captured. I am also apprised that Jackson's brigade of cavalry crossed the river above Panola on Sunday. The cavalry patrols on all the roads must be kept well out and moving.

You will send two expeditions of 150 men each, well mounted and armed, one to sweep north of the Loosahatchie and the other between Loosahatchie and Wolf. The men will carry two days' rations, and the commanding officer of each expedition will report here for further information and instruction. Your patrols will be notified to report promptly to these headquarters any information they may obtain.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. P. HEPBURN,

Commanding Provisional Cavalry Regiment:

COLONEL: You have probably heard that Fort Pillow has been captured. I am also assured that Jackson's brigade of cavalry

