HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

General BRAYMAN, Cairo:

Rumor says Forrest is attacking Columbus. I hope it is true, and will catch a second edition of Paducah. I hope Forrest will prolong his visit in that neighborhood till Smith comes up, or till McPherson's two divisions come to Cairo.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. McARTHUR,

Commanding at Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Fort Pillow is reported captured yesterday about noon. This closes the river temporarily.

The Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, already under orders, must be hurried forward as fast as possible, as it will be necessary to retake the fort from the land side, and it is doubtful whether General Sherman will furnish any force from above.

Forward the inclosed to Brigadier General A. J. Smith by first and quickest dispatch.

As the gun-boats are engaged in Red River, you will order two of the Marine Brigade boats to report at Memphis for duty.

I am pretty sure that Loring's infantry is moving on North Alabama, and that most of Lee's cavalry is also above Grenada on the march north. Under these circumstances you can, if you judge it expedient, occupy Yazoo City. The proper force for this would be one regiment white infantry, two of colored, a battery, and the whole or part of Osband's cavalry.

I have no return of forces, and cannot therefore judge what can be spared. The negro troops should not be scattered. The occupation of Yazoo City is the best protection for the Mississippi River up to Greenville.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Expdy. Column, 16th Army Corps, in Red River:

GENERAL: Fort Pillow has been taken by the rebels. Loring's division of infantry is reported east of Corinth. Forrest occupies West Tennessee.

It is of prime importance that the orders sent you by General W. T. Sherman to return be promptly carried out. With your forces here I can rapidly clear West Tennessee and reopen the river; without it, we in Memphis are practically in a state of siege. You will therefore move with your entire command as rapidly as possible to Memphis, reporting to me, as previously advised.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

