
on the luxuries and conveniences of life, and to that extent shake their love for the impoverished rebel concern. Let the Treasury agents manage this trade and keep your officers aloof from al interest in it. I think the attempt to cultivate plantations premature, and all the protection we can promise is to buy their supplies, and give incidental protection; we cannot try to guard their estates.

The Red River expedition is designed to last but thirty days. Manage your veterans as to furlough so that this detachment of yours may return before all the veterans are spared. Nearly the whole of General Hurlbut's corps will be needed over on the Tennessee River, so that in fact your corps will have to look to the whole river.

The gun-boats and General Ellet's fleet can do all ordinary patrolling, and you will only be called on when the enemy attempts some more extended operation that he has hitherto attempted. Make the regular reports to my headquarters, and when you have no special instructions act with the full confidence of a separate commander. I know you want to be in the field, and I will accomplish it if possible, but this command is of vital importance to our cause.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GERMANTOWN, March 7, 1864 - 9.20 p. m.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

Scout returned from Quinn's Mill. Captured a private of Second Missouri. He says three companies of his regiment were sent up from Oxford on a scout two days ago. Made their headquarters near Chulahoma. Were to return to-night. Says Forrest is recruiting his horses near Oxford.

L. F. McCRILLIS,

Colonel.

VICKSBURG, MISS., March 7, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army and Department of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I respectfully request, if consistent with the interest of the public service, to be transferred from the line of the Mississippi River to the field of operations in Southern Tennessee and Northern Georgia and Alabama. Most of the regiments in my command competent to enlist as veterans have done so to the number of twenty-nine, and in accordance with orders and pledges of the Government are entitled to a furlough if thirty days within their own State, transportation to be furnished at the expense of the Government to and from their respective States.

The probabilities are that there will be little else except guerrilla fighting and cavalry raids on the Mississippi River for several months to come, if at all during the war.

Let these regiments, then, have their furloughs at an early day, and when their furloughs expire have them report to me at any point you may designate within the district named for active duty in the field.

