
Columbus. I admire his great skill, but he can't do that. I am willing he should continue to attack our posts; and he may also cross the Tennessee. We have plenty of stores here; also pushing them to the front fast as possible. I will not let Forrest draw off my mind from the concentration going on.

Longstreet is represented up about Bristol and Abingdon, but I do not believe he will move into Kentucky by Pound Gap. Road too bad and long. He may send some cavalry in, but he don't probably know that he can't interrupt our, communications; because if the Louisville road is reached by a dash we are not disturbed, and then to get out would be a question.

All well with us. I await McPherson's two divisions on furlough and A. J. Smith from Red River.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

OFFICE PRO. March General, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Chattanooga, April 11, 1864.

Statement of J. C. Moore, scout:

I left this place on the 6th instant, and proceeded to Dalton, where I remained till the night of the 8th instant.

Four miles from Round Pond, on Taylor's Ridge, and 10 miles this side of Dalton, at Shipp's Gap, there is a force of 20 men guarding the gap. Their next picket line is about 3 miles this side of Dalton.

There are two corps at Dalton, commanded by Generals Hood and Hardee. Hood's corps is composed of the following divisions, viz: Stevenson's, Hindman's, Stewart's, and Johnson's. The following divisions are in Hardee's corps, viz: Cleburne's, Walker's, Bate's, and Cheatham's, and, I think, one other division. There are four brigades in each of the divisions except one, which has but three. No brigade has more than four regiments in it, and a good many of them have but three. I think their regiments will not average more than 250 men each.

General Stewart's division is now in front, but it will be relieved before long, and some other division will take its place. Stewart's headquarters are at Tunnel Hill. General Wheeler and two of his brigadier-generals, Kelly Allen, are there also. I could not find out how large a force Wheeler has. General Martin is at Blue Mountain, in North Alabama, with ten regiments of cavalry; is said to be there for the purpose of resisting an attack on Rome. I learned from a lieutenant of artillery that they had forty batteries at Dalton; could no learn how many guns in a battery.

General Johnston has not received any re-enforcements nor has he sent any troops away from his army. The general opinion seems to be that there will be a fight at Richmond before there is one here, and that Lee will be able to hold Richmond against Grant. I consider General Johnston's army in a good condition to-day as Bragg's army ever was.

Colonel B. J. Hill, provost-marshal-general, gave me particular instructions to find out if the Federals were making any preparations to move, and to let him know at least three days' before they did move, if possible. He also asked if General McPherson would bring his troops from Mississippi to this place.

There are no fortifications at Tunnell Hill or Dalton. I brought with me three rebel newspapers of date April 6, 1864.

