
ATHENS, April 14, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

Just received your dispatch. General Veatch reports all quiet this morning. Think our patrols should have struck that force. Colonel Rowett reports heavy force on opposite side of river, but thinks that they have as yet only crossed in squads. They captured one company of Ninth Ohio Cavalry yesterday before daylight, and got them across without firing a shot. This is the first expedition of that regiment. They are evidently green. All sorts of numerus down in that country. Rowett says they are building boats at Pride's, 12 miles below Tuscumbia, and hauling them to six different points on the river. The rest of the Ninth Ohio Cavalry is with Rowett before this, and he will watch close. I have ordered cavalry up the river on both sides.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 14, 1864-11.12 a.m.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Athens:

I have ordered Major Kuhn toward Somerville and Triana. Sent dispatch to Colonel Montgomery at Mooresville to send out a strong party toward Triana. Major Kuhn's scouts report the roads strongly picketed by the enemy, so that they cannot penetrate the country toward Florence. I have no news from that quarter.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 14, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Huntdville, Ala.:

The scouting parties sent toward Tuscumbia could not make much headway. The enemy evidently hold the roads with pretty strong detachments; yet I do not believe their force is much increased, but knowing about our mounted force they dispose theirs to meet us. Major Kuhn has not returned from Triana. A scout in from there reports a large for at Whitesburg or Gunterville, and scouts sent up on this side, as well as regular patrols, report nothing unusual. Nothing yet from detachment sent from Mooresville. Scout from Whitesburg says it was reported by soldiers that General [Colonel] Patterson with a cavalry force was on the way to this front.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., April 14, 1864-2 a.m.

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will move at once with all your available force in camp at Whitesburg with one day's rations in haversacks and 60

