
rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes. You will move as rapidly as possible, and join Lieutenant Colonel John P. Hall, as it is feared an attack will be made upon him at daylight by a force estimated of at least 1,000 men. You will take the usual precaution to prevent surprise while marching down.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 14, 1864.

Colonel RICHARD ROWETT,

Commanding 7th Illinois and 9th Ohio Cavalry Volunteers:

I am sorry to hear of the capture of that company. The regiment is now with you, and you must be very vigilant. Employ men to go over the river; I will pay them. Keep the country covered with scouts. Let us know what is really over there. Morgan is in East Tennessee.

Roddey is at Dalton, so they cannot be where that negro says; citizens certainly can get across. Our troops should not camp on the river bank or in sight, but should be on the move constantly, as the enemy could cross a force in the night that would take them. Headquarters of the regiment should be some distance from the river, with patrols on the river all the time.

Say to Colonel Hamilton, if any of his officers have disobeyed my instructions, or are at fault in the capture of that company, to put them under arrest. It is disgraceful to be captured without making any resistance.

If you find the enemy crossing at any point, or several points, get your command together and pitch into them. Annoy them and retard all you can. Do not fail to keep me fully posted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 14, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON, Huntsville:

General Stevenson reports that forces sent out day before yesterday could not get through the enemy's pickets on Flint. Major Kuhn started out yesterday with the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, but we have no report from him. The enemy yesterday were picketing Flint and a line covering Moulton, Courtland, and the river. I think we will ascertain their strength to-day.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

LOOKOUT VALLEY, April 14, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Cumberland:

Scouts just in report two regiments rebel cavalry in vicinity of Valley Head on the 12th.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

