
Will your order the troops from West Liberty through Colonel True at Mount Sterling. Eleventh Michigan Cavalry have left this place for Mount Sterling; no rebel force in vicinity of Booneville, Proctor, or Irvine. Forty-fifth Kentucky scouting in that region.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, April 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

Information just received. No rebels in the direction of Proctor or Booneville; the country has been thoroughly scouted.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 14, 1864.

Colonel JOHN M. BROWN,

Commanding Forty-fifth Kentucky Mounted Infantry:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date. You can, as suggested, halt your command at the point designated, 10 miles this side of Irvine, and await further orders from these headquarters, unless circumstances should compel you to move. In that event you will be governed by verbal instructions given you yesterday.

Colonel Gallup was attacked by 1,000 rebels at Paintsville yesterday. He has a strong position. I am endeavoring to re-enforce him by sending troops via Mount Sterling. Keep me advised.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT STERLING, April 14, 1864-9.45 p.m.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON:

Can get no information here in relation to the enemy. Can you not let me have the Twelfth Ohio, instead of the Eleventh Michigan? Will push on early to-morrow morning and get in rear of the enemy of possible.

C. J. TRUE,

Colonel Fortieth Kentucky.

LEXINGTON, April 14, 1864-4.12 p.m.

General STONEMAN:

Colonel Gallup reports that he was attacked at Paintsville yesterday by 1,000 rebels. General Burbridge wishes the Fifteenth Kentucky, at West Liberty, to move on Salyersville road to co-operate with Gallup. I will send Eleventh Michigan Cavalry in supporting distance and hold any other forces with me in readiness to assist. Gallup has good position and will hold it until Fifteenth Kentucky co-operate. Please communicate with me.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

