
LEXINGTON, KY.,

April 14, 1864.

Colonel GALLUP,

Louisa or Paintsville, via Cattlettsburg:

General Burbridge is not at this place. Your dispatch received stating that rebels were in full retreat. Colonel True is moving to your support, is beyond Mount Steling. Eleventh Michigan Cavalry will be at Mount Sterling to-morrow 10 a.m. Have instructions to move toward Pound Gap and co-operate with you. Report to me direct all information.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Div., Dist. of Kentucky.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 14, 1864.

Colonel S. B. BROWN,

Eleventh Michigan Cavalry:

COLONEL: Move with your command without delay to Mount Sterling, Ky., and co-operate with Colonel True, Fortieth Kentucky, who was instructions to support the troops at West Liberty in their advance toward Paintsville, Ky., and to co-operate with Colonel Gallup at that place. Colonel True has been instructed to send me information of rebel movements, and if he is attacked by superior force to skirmish his way back to this place. I will telegraph you all the information, from time to time, received from Colonel True, and direct your movements if it becomes necessary for you to go beyond Mount Sterling. Immediately upon your arrival at Mount Sterling, give me all the information you may obtain as to rebel movements. If Colonel True is beaten back to Mount Sterling you will co-operate with each other and fall back to this place, holding in check as long as possible the enemy's advance.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

BURKESVILLE, April 14, 1864.

General E. H. HOBSON:

Have just received a letter from Lieutenant Gubber, commanding a company under Colonel Hugs, wanting to surrender them if I would parole or allow them to take the oath here. He says he can get up all the stragglers in that country, and all want to come in. Give me authority, if possible, to administer the oath and release those that have not been connected with murdering raids. I cannot get them any other way, only by catching one at a time. I think it would be an advantage to do so. I have promised our answer to-morrow.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, April 14, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Burkesville, Ky.:

Inform Lieutenant Gubber, of rebel Colonel Hugs' command, that if he will surrender his command that they will be sent to

