
Louisville and treated as prisoners of war, and all that wish to abandon the rebel service I will use my influence in securing their pardon or release upon their taking the oath.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Paris, Ky., April 14, 1864.

Major General J. M. SHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The day after arrival here, General Sturgis and myself reviewed this cavalry, and upon inspection I find their condition as follows:

The effective strength is 5,466, of which there are mounted 2,720, leaving dismounted 2,746. A portion of those mounted are still without arms, and a large portion of those dismounted are entirely unarmed. I find that requisitions have been made by General Sturgis for everything necessary to complete the mounting, arming, and equipping of the whole command, and that in all probability the whole will soon be armed and equipped, as stores are arriving almost daily in small lots.

But 150 horses have been received during the past ten days, and Colonel Swords, at Cincinnati, informed General Sturgis that no more would be sent here, as all cavalry horses were ordered to be sent to Nashville. Many of those we have require shoeing, which is being done as rapidly as the means will allow. I have telegraphed to General Davidson, chief of cavalry bureau in the West, to ascertain how soon we can calculate upon more horses, and informing him how many we want to mount the men now here and to arrive.

I have also telegraphed to the Governor of Indiana in regard to the cavalry regiments now being raised by him. No reply as yet from either. One division moved to-day for Nicholasville, and the other will follow to-morrow.

The command will be held in readiness, as theretofore, to co-operate with the forces under General Burbridge whenever the exigencies may require.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, April 14, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Fort Pillow was taken by storm at 3 p.m. on the 12th, with six guns. The negroes, about 300, murdered, after surrendering with their officers. Of the 200 white men, 57 have just arrived, and sent to Mound City; about 100 are prisoners, and the rest killed. The whole affair was a scene of murder. The gun-boats not returned. Forrest reported wounded and gone to Brownsville with prisoners, taking all the artillery. Nothing from below Pillow. Scouts bring rumor that Morgan is approaching Nashville.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

