
The following assignment of staff officers is hereby made, to take effect upon the completion of the business connected with their late positions:

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Asmussen, assistant inspector-general Eleventh Army Corps, assigned to the Twentieth Army Corps as assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel George W. Balloch, commissary of subsistence Eleventh Army Corps, assigned to the Twentieth Army Corps as commissary of subsistence.

Lieutenant Colonel Hiram Hayes, quartermaster Eleventh Army Corps, transferred to the Fourth Army Corps, vice Ransom, detached.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. Meysenburg assistant adjutant-general Eleventh Army Corps, is relieved from duty in this department, and will report by letter for orders to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Brigadier General A. von Steinwehr is hereby relieved from duty with the Twentieth Army Corps and assistant to command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA.,

April 15, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Forrest must be driven out, with a proper commander in West Tennessee there is force enough now. Your preparations for the coming campaign must go on, but if it is necessary to detach a portion of the troops intended for it, detach them and make your campaign with that much fewer men.

Relieve Major General S. A. Hurlbut. I can send General Washburn, a sober and energetic officer, to take his place. I can also send you General L. C. Hunt to command District of Columbus. Shall I send Washburn? Does General Hurlbut think if he moves a part of his force the only enemy within 200 miles of him that the post will run off with the balance of his force?

If our men have been murdered after capture, retaliation must be resorted to promptly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 15, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have seen General Sherman's dispatch, which arrived after my telegram to you. Another has reached here from Admiral Pennock, which I have directed to be forwarded to you. The subsistence is the same as Sherman's, but with fuller particulars. I will give Colonel Kautz the brigadier's commission, and send him to Fortress Monroe immediately. General Brooks left Pittsburg for Fortress Monroe yesterday.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

