HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Bull's Gap, April 15, 1864.

Captain QUALMAN,

Commanding Third Indiana Cavalry:

I have information which leads me to suspect that a cavalry force of the enemy may make an effort to surprise you or the One hundred and fourth Ohio to-morrow or the next day. It is reported that perhaps 1,000 of their cavalry have crossed the Holston near Kingsport, and will push in probably by the Snapp's Ferry road. This may not be reliable, but should put you on your guard, and you should have everything safe. Send a small party to communicate with Captain Herriott to-night if possible, so that he may be upon his guard and take precautions against being but off or led into a snare. If he finds a force between him and camp he should take some other route which his guides may advise. Send an intelligent officer with the party, who will communicate this verbally. The information may be false, and there should be no alarm, but every road, especially at your left, should be carefully watched and the infantry kept informed of all you may learn. Report promptly to me any news you may get.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Athens:

GENERAL: Major Kuhn's forces returned last night. They were unable to cross Flint in the direction of Triana or Somerville. All the crossings are picketed by the enemy too strongly for him to get through . He reports from 600 to 800 men encamped between the bridge and Danville. His command has skirmishers on the Danville and Triana roads, losing 1 man. Clanton is at Danville covering all the roads. A force of two regiments of infantry and some cavalry is reported still at Moulton. All the roads in that direction are strongly held. The force of 1,500 cavalry reported at Lebanon as moving this way must be the same reported by General Geary. We have not sufficient mounted force to penetrate beyond Flint.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, April 15, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Eleventh and Twelfth Corps unite in the request that the new corps be designated the Twelfth Corps instead of the Twentieth. As it would meet the wishes of all concerned, I would recommend that the designation of the new corps be changed from the Twentieth to the Twelfth.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

24 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

