
First Illinois Light Artillery; Sixth Indiana Battery. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

III. The Ninth Indiana Battery will report to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding Red River expedition, for duty and orders.

IV. The Second Iowa Battery is relieved from duty with the Red River Expedition, and will proceed to Memphis, Tenn., with entire equipage and transportation. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW MARKET, March 8, 1864.

Captain J. N. KING,

Commissary of Subsistence, Strawberry Plains:

The Ninth Corps number 3,030 enlisted men and 170 officers; this, with 105 servants, &amp;c., before reported, makes the total 3,305.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, Tenn., March 8, 1864.

Captain J. N. KING,

Commissary of Subsistence, Strawberry Plains:

SIR: The effective force of the Twenty-third Corps is reported: Judah's division, privates, &c., 3,400; servants and employed not enlisted, 38; corps headquarters, 10; total, 3,448. They will also draw for Garrard's cavalry, 300, making 3,748.a

The Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, General Wood commanding, reports officers and men, 4.525; servants and employed not enlisted, 171; total, 4,696.

The servants and employed Ninth Corps are reported 105. The officers and men I will give this evening.

the issues must be made to correspond within a reasonable margin to these figures, so that the commanding general may know that no fuller rations are issued to one portion of the command than another, and you are specially charged with this duty.

Very respectfully.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff in the Field.

aNOTE. - This only includes those of Twenty-third Corps drawing rations at post named.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 8, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

I have the honor to inform you that Hascall's Division of your corps has been ordered to move to the front on Friday, reportign to you. A battalion of Third Indiana Cavalry now at Strawberry Plains will report to Colonel Garrard at same time.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

