HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 15, 1864.

Colonel MONTGOMERY,

Twenty-fifth Wisconsin, Commanding at Mooresville:

A force of the enemy was reported to be on the river above Triana, and rumor said that one regiment has crossed over to the north side. I think this improbable. I sent dispatch yesterday and this morning to you, but get no answer.

I wish you to keep the First Alabama Cavalry on active duty, scouting the country along the river up to Triana, and send me daily reports in writhing.

General Dodge directs that you look after the parties who are cutting wood for the railroad and see that the work is pushed on. Get all the information about forage that you can. You will not be required to use the Twenty-fifth Wisconsin guarding bridges. Put their camp in a convenient place, and see that orders in relation to drills are strictly carried out. Have the camps of all the troops carefully policed. Detail from the First Alabama Cavalry couriers to bring your dispatches.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 15, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Major Kuhn was unable to get beyond Flint. The enemy hold all the crossings. He skirmished pretty sharply with about 1,800 men on the Danville, and Triana roads. We lost a few men. Clanton is still at Danville, covering all the roads. The new force that has arrived on Flint is Patterson's, estimated at 2,000. I do not see how they can subsist all this cavalry. I have men in their rear, who will report to-day or to-morrow. I think that the force Geary struck is the same force that moved right on to Flint. They now have at least 5,000 men surrounding Decatur; too large for our cavalry to penetrate. What do your hear from opposite Whitesburg?

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 15, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, Huntsville, Ala:

GENERAL: A telegram just received from General Dodge states that there are about 5,000 rebel cavalry under Clanton and Patterson on the opposite side of the river, extending from below Whitesburg along Flint Creek and around to Danville and Moulton, holding and picketing all the roads leading out from Decatur.

Direct your scouting parties, patrols, and detachments on the river from Larkinsville down to Triana to be particularly active and on the alert, and to communicate promptly any information they may

