
On the 14th a flag of truce sent by the rebels to Paducah. One hour was given by them to move the women, and children. At the expiration of the hour no attack was made. Lieutenant-Commander Shirk reports that the gun-boats shelled the upper part of the town, and drove the rebels out, and I am informed that the troops in the fort also shelled them and killed several. Paducah has been re-enforced by troops sent to General Brayman, and we have four gun-boats there. Information has reached me that the rebels are in force at Blandville, Ky., and will cross the Ohio into Illinois, if they can, about 20 miles above Mound City. I have had all the ferries and skiffs between this place and Paducah destroyed, and will keep the river closely watched with all the force we have at our disposal. A part of the rebel programme is, I believe, to destroy the large amount of ordnance stores we have at Mound City, and other Government property at that place. We have taken every precaution in our power to guard against it. We have constantly to be on the lookout for incendiaries. Admiral Porter has left me ample instructions for guidance during his absence, which I shall carry out to the extent of my ability. I will telegraph you when I hear from Lieutenant-Commander Fitch.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commander of Station.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 12. In the Field, Culpeper, C. H., April 15, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person without delay to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTAL.] HDQRS. MIL DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI.

Nashville, April 16, 1864 .

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of April 8 is received. I see the points you make and admit their full force.

The division of a large command into departments, coupled with the fact that he law confers on the department, commanders the power of discharge, furloughs, &amp;c., is a good and sufficient reason for the present plan. All I can then ask is that you keep in mind that the territory lying so remote as Arkansas is more naturally belonging to a division west of the Mississippi than this, more especially as soon I will be in immediate command of an army that will engross all my thoughts and action. I dislike even to attempt to name a commander west of the Mississippi that could reconcile the discordant claims of Curtis, Rosecrans, Steele, and Banks. Of them I would prefer, Steele, because he will fight, but his movements are too slow

