
for this stage of the war. Banks is entirely too much engrossed in schemes of civil experiments. These ought to be deferred till all large armies of the Confederacy are broken up and destroyed. Our efforts heretofore to cover trading schemes, local interests, and matters of civil instructions has almost paralyzed large armies by dividing them up into little squads easy of surprise and capture. The recent garrison of Pillow, was not a part of our army, but a nondescript body, in process of formation and posted there to cover a trading post for the convenience of families supposed to be friendly to us, or at least not hostile.

But all these things are well known to you, and I should not refer to them. Though Steele is subject to my orders I must naturally leave him to act on his own judgment, confining my attention to the concentration of force now rapidly being made on the Tennessee from Chattanooga to Decatur.

I am, with respect, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 16, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Movements such as Geary's will always do good. They should be repeated, from time to time in concert with land excursions of McPherson's men. They will serve to distract the enemy.

I will telegraph to Washington about the title of Hooker's corps, but want him to go on with his organization regardless of the mere number, which is an immaterial title. It will be letter known as Hooker's corps than by its numerical designation.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 16, 1864.

General W. T. SHERMAN:

I learn that 8,000 cattle, large size, were bought on hoof at Nashville about 10th instant. I think they will be enough for number of men mentioned. I leave here to-morrow to join you.

C. L. KILBURN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Commissary-General.

CLEVELAND, April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Wood has arrived, and has gone into camp as directed; Cruft's brigade will be relieved on Tuesday morning; Wagner has been relieved by General Schofield, and will start Monday morning.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

