
Sulphur Springs, 9 miles from that place, last night. They tell citizens that they are going to attack Decatur. The move is to a country destitute of forage; must have some object, but I cannot think they have any serious intentions on Decatur.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 16, 1864-7.50 p.m.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Athens:

The scout Rose, just in, reports Patterson in the valley on this side of Flint, moving on this place. A citizen, Wiles, just in from Somerville, reports Roddey with his force camped at Sulphur Springs, 9 miles beyond Somerville, last night. These reports are confirmed by Major Kuhn's scouts. They report an intention to attack this place. I regard this as quite probable. I need ammunition for the four regiments lately arrived here. Send me to-night 200,000 rounds of ammunition, caliber .58, and artillery ammunition for James and Greenwood rifled 6-pounders. We have only 80 rounds for this battery, and it is in a damaged state.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 16, 1864 .

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Decatur:

Dispatch from Colonel Rowett just received. He reports no great force of enemy near the river; that they are building boats near Yellow Creek and Clifton. Refugees report 2,000 Confederate troops near Jackson, from Alabama, to join Forrest, who report that Forrest was to attack Memphis. Others report that he intends crossing the river near Clifton. Rowett sent scouts over river, who have not yet returned.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 16, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Decatur:

Reports from Clifton, Eastport, Florence, &amp;c., to-night do not show any large force opposite any of those places. I will send a scouting party to Brown's Ferry to-night, and thence down to Lamb's Ferry, to see if we can discover anything. They have some project on hand; we must try to find out what it is. A letter from a conscript officer from Fayette Court-House, near Tuscaloosa, says Polk's staff officers have been north to examine roads in North Alabama, and that he is about to move, &c.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

