
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 16, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Nashville:

You will please direct a competent officer to investigate and report minutely, and as early as possible, the facts in relation to the alleged butchery of our troops at Fort Pillow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN:

Order a good officer to examine witnesses at the Mound City hospital, and afterward, if necessary, to proceed to Fort Pillow and Memphis, and make a minute and full report of all the circumstances attending the capture by the enemy of Fort Pillow, more especially as to the perpetration of unusual cruelties to prisoners of war, whether white or black. Copy of report to be made to me and another direct to the Secretary of War. Answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CAIRO, April 16, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Nashville, Tenn.:

Fort Pillow is destroyed and evacuated. The river is clear, and the fleet of transports are leaving here. A gun-boat lies at that point to guard the way. A gun-boat was fired upon above Mound City last night. I have sent up above Mound City a battery and 200 mounted infantry. Paducah and Columbus annoyed, but in no danger. I will have the investigation as you direct. News from Memphis reports all quiet. Fragments only of Seventeenth Corps yet here.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, April 16, 1864.

General BRAYMAN:

I have received yours in relation to Colonel Mitchell, and will act accordingly. The enemy are all around me; we were under arms all night . Great excitement in the city; many citizens leaving. I am able and will keep all right, general.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS . MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 16, 1864.

General S. A. HURLBUT, Memphis:

There has been marked timidity in the management of affairs since Forrest passed north of Memphis . General Grant orders me to relieve you. You will proceed to Cairo and take command there.

