
Major-General Hurlbut writes me that he can only mount 2,200 cavalry, and that the Third Michigan, 1,300 strong, and the Seventh Kansas, 1,100 strong, have been three weeks in Saint Louis waiting horses. His letter is dated the 10th instant. I inclose herewith your letter* to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, April 17, 1864-12 midnight.

(Received 18th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Slocum left Tullahoma yesterday for Nashville. Will undoubtedly see you. Have telegraphed General Gresham to proceed immediately to Cairo and assume command of detachments. There are 3,700 men, belonging to twenty-six different regiments and eight batteries. Four hundred and fifty are now at Columbus and 400 at Paducah. There are a good many recruits in these detachments and very few officers, the most of them being absent with their regiments on furlough. Do you wish these detachments sent up to Clifton before any veteran regiments return?

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

APRIL 17, 1864.

Major-General 	McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

General Veatch reports the enemy 5 miles out on Moulton road this morning, and says everything indicates they intend to attack. They may trying to cover some move. From what we get from their lines, they are evidently posted on our strength at that point.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, April 17, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Athens:

I have just arrived from Woodville and received your dispatch. Can you learn of any infantry force threatening you? It seems to me that they would hardly give out publicly that they were going to attack Decatur if such was really their intention. General Sherman says Loring was in Montgomery last Monday. If so, he has most probably gone tom Johnston. If you think that Decatur is to be attacked, and that you may need re-enforcements, telegraph to the superintendent of the railroad and have a train sent to Athens, to be subject to your orders.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See p.326.

---------------

