
HUNTSVILLE, April 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Cairo, Ili.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General McPherson to say that you will hasten to Vicksburg and put in active motion the troops there, to occupy the full attention of Lee's cavalry and prevent their going north to Forrest.

L. S. WILLARD,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, April 17, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

A scout in from Tuscallosa. Left 14th instant. Brings papers of 13th. Says Polk's forces are at Demopolis and Meridian. Polk issues an order from that place against guerrillas in paper of 13th. Saw no forces from Tuscaloosa until he reached Moulton; there saw Roddey; says he came up ahead of him. Tuscaloosa papers of 13th speak of his being in town; he went there to see his wife. This side of Moulton, on direct road to this place, passed through Clanton's and Patterson's brigades bivouacked.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, April 17, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

I am here to-day. The enemy made their appearance this a.m. in considerable force, and, as far as I can ascertain, they have got considerable re-enforcements. All reports agree in Roddey's coming up last night.

I moved out with a small force on Courtland road to make them develop, and struck them about 5 miles out. I think the demonstration is to cover some other move. They give out all over the country that they are going to attack this place. All the artillery I can discover is eight pieces. They still show a bold front, but move off when we go after them with infantry; they fall back, but stop our mounted force every time.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 17, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Decatur:

Scouting parties from Ninth Ohio Cavalry have started direct for Brown's Ferry, Elk River, and Lamb's Ferry, with written instructions to patrol the river, closely watch these three points and all places where a crossing can be effected, and to ascertain all possible information of the enemy.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

