
Mounted Infantry, has been ordered to Scottsville, and will report to me. I have directed commanding officer of Thirty-seventh Kentucky to co-operate with you from Celina and with Colonel Grider at Scottsville, giving you any information they may from timer to time obtain as regards rebel movements. I will expect you to give all necessary information relative to the movements of rebels to the commanding officer Thirty-seventh Kentucky, at Celina. You will also keep you to keep scouting parties out at all times to afford protection and gain information. If our army at Knoxville meets with a reserve or are flanked we may expect trouble and plenty of fighting in Kentucky. I notice in papers of recent date that Longstreet is mounting all of his forces, has sent his trains to the rear, &amp;c. If this be true it is his intention evidently to make a raid into Kentucky, and hence the necessity of our being prepared to concentrate and meet any force attempting the invasion of Kentucky. I will expect to hear from you often by courier. It would be well to send all mail matter through by courier to this place, as it requires six or seven days if sent through the usual channels.

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKFORT, KY.,

March 8, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Unless otherwise ordered, General Ammen will take command in Kentucky so soon as relieved from court-martial at Cincinnati. he does not desire the command, and I deem it important to our condition that General Burbridge be retained in command in Kentucky. I have telegraphed Major-General Schofield, and hope the order may be made to keep General Burbridge in command.

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 8, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am informed by Captain Thornton, division quartermaster of General Tuttle's division (First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps), that during the month of February large quantities of cotton, both private property and C. S. A., were hauled in to Big Black Station by order of Brigadier-General Tuttle in army wagons under escort; that for the private cotton so brought in he was to receive and did receive compensation, which General Tuttle personally holds.

All this is in direct violation of orders, and I had therefore ordered General Tuttle to report to me at Memphis that the matter might be examined.

By some means he has obtained a transfer to your corps. I therefore

