
ammunition per man and 200 rounds artillery ammunition per gun one tent per company, and one hospital tent for each regiment. You will occupy Yazoo City and defenses, and give such protection and assistance as may be in your power to the parties sent by the quartermaster's department for the raising of the machinery of steamboats sunk in Yazoo River. You will clean the country as you march up of any forces of the enemy. The occupation of Yazoo City it is expected will clear the country between you and the Mississippi River as far north as Greenville. Your operations will have that object in view. You will allow the citizens of the country to bring forward and sell their products as freely as your military duties will allow; arresting all steam-boats that are not properly cleared from this post, approved by me, sending them back under guard to this place. All Treasury permits to purchase cotton will be required to be approved at these headquarters. Allow no supplies to pass your lines to disloyal persons, granting privileges only to these who attest their loyalty by voluntarily taking the oath of allegiance. Your commissary of subsistence will take thirty days' supply by steam-boat. Forage for animals will be drawn from the country and such stock as you can procure for cavalry purposes. One regiment with the First Kansas Mounted Infantry will guard your present encamped until your return, the time for which will be determined hereafter. The expedition will start on Tuesday, 19th instant, at as early an hour as possible, reporting as frequently as circumstances will permit to these headquarters.

Very respectfully,

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ili., April 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: For the further information of the general commanding, I write this note by a boat about leaving.

A gun-boat up from Fort Pillow during last night brought up 10 more wounded and some 20 others, all of whom were sent to Mound City. The proof of horrid barbarities in ways without example accumulates daily. I am securing testimony of eye-witnesses, by affidavit and otherwise, and shall report fully at the earliest possible day.

My reports concerning Union City and Paducah, which ought to have reached you ere this, have been delayed by the pressure of imperative duties growing out of the disturbances here. I shall endeavor during this week to bring up all my returns as to all operations here.

The gun-boat on her way up found guerrillas at different points, and at one wooding station shelled a party of them with effect. On Friday night a gun-boat was fired upon by about 100 guerrillas opposite Mound City, without effect. Last night a trading-boat near Metropolis, on the Illinois side, was found to have on board Confederate uniforms, new, and, according to best information, the boat was a rebel recruiting station for receiving volunteers from the Illinois side. The keeper of the boat ran away.

