
At Paducah, Columbus, and Fort Pillow the numerous flags of truce sent in by the enemy have been dishonored in every case, by movements, attacks, murders, horse-stealing, &amp;c., while negotiating, being used to cover these acts. I have kept Paducah and Columbus supplied with means of defense, and afforded to each sufficient re-enforcements from transient detachments, having very few men attached to my local commands.

Last night I sent a battery and 200 infantry to take position on Illinois shore, above Mound City. The naval authorities have co-operated most efficiently.

In haste, yours, &c.,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, April 17, 1864.

General BRAYMAN:

Report, believed to be perfectly reliable, has just come in that Buford and Faulkner, strongly re-enforced, are at Lovelaceville, believed to be coming here. I have everything in readiness for them. The cavalry has arrived.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAIRO, ILL., April 17, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Major Barnes, now on duty at Paducah with his battalion of Sixteenth Kentucky Cavalry, 400 strong, not mounted, has been ordered to Louisville. This leaves Colonel Hicks with about 120 white troops; their rest black. If they must go, I request a regiment from some other source. I dare not leave Colonel Hicks in so feeble a condition. The remnants of Hawkins' command, about 60, which have gathered here, are ordered to Memphis, leaving me with not a mounted man.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 17, 1864-5.30 p.m.

(Received 9.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

The Ninth Iowa will be sent as ordered. The Twelfth Missouri and Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry can follow, but they are not mounted, nor have we any other mounted troops within 120 miles of Saint Louis. Judging from the last news of the rebels going south from Fort Pillow, and the tenor of your dispatches, I shall await your orders before sending forward foot troops.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

