
CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

March 1, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Some time last winter you mentioned in conversation that you would send General Hovey to report to me, and I think I saw it announced afterward in the papers that he had been placed in command of the District of Indiana. My object in writing this is to propose an exchange of General R. W. Johnson for him, as from what you told me in the conversation alluded to I inferred that General Hovey would prefer duty in the field to such duty as superintending the recruiting service, &amp;c. I think Johnson would like to be placed on such duty. I have also received a preposition from a man (who, from all I can learn of him, is reliable) to burn the bridge over the Etowah for $30,000 in Confederate money. I have $10,000 and will be obliged if yo will send me $20,000 more if you have it. I think it will be well spent if we can get that bridge destroyed.

No further movements of the enemy observed to-day. I have received additional confirmation that the reconnaissance has brought back all the troops which had left Dalton. Mrs. Dr. Gordon, of La Fayette, informs me that she saw two cars of wounded going south.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Morristown, March 1, 1864.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,

Commanding First Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will have your command under arms and ready to move to-morrow morning punctually at 5 o'clock. Your division will follow the command of Brigadier-General Wood.

Your train will be loaded and on the road in readiness to move at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning. The trains will move in the same order as the divisions, following the train of General Wood, under the direction of Captain P. Hiestand, acting chief quartermaster, who will issue the necessary instructions to division quartermasters.

By order of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BLUE SPRINGS, March 1, 1864.

Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

In obedience to order from department headquarters I have sent one regiment, Fourth Ohio, to Calhoun and two regiments, Eighth Kentucky and Twenty-fourth Ohio, to Chattanooga to-day. Have not determined on the veteran regiment as yet.

The casualties of the division on last reconnaissance will not exceed 60. Will send copy of report as soon as completed.

CHARLES CRUGT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

