
APRIL 18, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Decatur:

Harris has returned from Brown's Ferry. Reports a regiment of cavalry about 4 miles from Brown's Ferry and 8 miles from Decatur, at a point where the Decatur road crosses the Brown's Ferry and Hillsborough road. Their pickets were seen on other side of river near the ferry last night. A refugee from the neighborhood of Moulton some days since reported the enemy in front of Decatur, some 5,000 strong, almost entirely mounted, with eight pieces of artillery. A scout has started from the ferry to go in rear of enemy over the mountains; will probably not return till the last of this week. Is there anything of interest at Decatur this a.m.? A detail from the Ninth Ohio Cavalry is watching the river in neighborhood of Brown's Ferry and to the west.

J. W. BARNES.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, April 18, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

I cannot believe that the enemy will attack this place; they may have had it in view, but knowing our strength they give it up; if they should we have force enough. I have watched more closely for a move to our right, either with a view of joining Forrest or crossing the river. To-day they show themselves on the front, but in no large force. Colonel Rowett sends dispatch that he can hear of no force of any amount opposite him from Elk River to Savannah. I only know of three regiments of infantry in the valley, except their mounted infantry. Clanton, Roddey, Patterson, and Colonel Johnson are no doubt in the valley. This is a large mounted force, and it appears to me must have something in view besides watching Decatur. I will endeavor to watch their movements and should they go to Forrest or cross get timely notice of it.

G. M. DODGE,
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The following instructions relative to transportation for the army in the field will at once be communicated to your command:

First. Each regiment, battery, or detachment will be allowed two wagons and no more; one for the cooking utensils of the men, the other for the baggage, and mess of the officers.

Second. Each brigade headquarters will be allowed two wagons and no more.

Third. Each division headquarters will be allowed three wagons and no more.

Fourth. The remaining teams of the command will be organized into an ordnance and supply train-the ordnance train under the

