
direct supervision of the ordnance officer of the division, who will be assisted by a competent quartermaster detailed for that purpose; the supply train of the division under the immediate control of the division quartermaster, assisted by the quartermaster of the command, who must not lose sight of their teams. Quartermasters must be present to superintend the moving of their trains in the morning, and will see them parked for the night. This must not be left for the wagon-masters.

First. Not a tenth will be taken with the army, and officers will govern themselves accordingly.

All surplus baggage must be thrown out and disposed of at once, and the army placed in a condition to move.

By order of Major-General McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Hurlbut, Dodge, Leggett, and Crocker.)

NASHVILLE, April 18, 1864

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Memphis:

Lieutenant-General Grant has made the following order: He has ordered three regiments from Saint Louis to Cairo with which to re-enforce Paducah, Cairo, and Columbus, and to feel out to Union City. Union City must not be garrisoned, but simply visited by scouts and patrols. As soon as possible a division or strong brigade of General McPherson's command (due from furlough about the 20th instant), General Gresham, if possible, will hasten, up the Tennessee River, leave its wagons and encumbrances at Clifton, but proceed to Savannah and scout across by Purdy to the head of the Hatchie. Major General H. W Slocum has gone to Vicksburg to assume command there, and General Sturgis has started this morning to assume command of all the cavalry at and near Memphis, with which he will sally out and attack Forrest wherever he may be. General Grierson may seize all the horses and mules in Memphis to mount his men and be ready for the arrival of General Sturgis, and General Buckland's brigade of infantry should be ready to move out with the cavalry. General Mower's division, now up Red River, will be detained at Memphis on its way up river, and A. J. Smith will come, as ordered, up the Tennessee River. General C. C. Washburn is ordered to Memphis and General Hunt to Columbus. General Hurlbut will take post for the present at Cairo, and Hicks remain in command at Paducah.

All the troops along the Mississippi River must act with vigor against any portion of the enemy within reach. Paducah, Cairo, Columbus, Memphis, Vicksburg, and Natchez must be held, and all minor points exposed should be evacuated.

The troops at Memphis should act by land; those at Vicksburg should operate up Yazoo at Yazoo City, and threaten Grenada. All former orders will be modified to suit this general plan.

W. T. SHERMAN

Major-General

(Same to McPherson, Brayman, and Slocum.)

