HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 18, 1864

Major L. S. WILLARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Tennessee:

SIR: In obedience to Circular Orders, dated headquarters Department of the Tennessee. Huntsville, Ala., April 11, 1864, received this day, I have the honor to report the effective strength of this corps, where posted and by whom commanded:

Five regiments of the First Division, ten regiments of the Third Division, and two batteries, now up Red River, under command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, on an expedition. Total present for duty, equipped, by last return, 7,770.

The Second and Fourth Divisions, Brigadier General G. M. Dodge, commanding, headquarters at Athens, Ala., occupying Pulaski, Tenn.; Athens and Decatur, Ala: total present for duty, equipped, by last return, 11, 827.

The garrison of Memphis, Brigadier General R. P. Buckland commanding, 6,325 total present for duty, equipped.

The District of Cairo, Brigadier General M. Brayman commanding, comprising post of Paducah, Colonel S. G. Hicks, Fortieth Illinois Volunteers, commanding, 332; post of Cairo, Colonel J. I. Rinaker, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteers, commanding, 237; post of Columbus, Colonel W. H. Lawrence, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding, 1,138; post of Island 10, Captain R. M. Ekings, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding, 214; totals present for duty, equipped, by last returns.

The Cavalry Division, Brigadier General B. H. Grierson commanding, at and near Memphis, Tenn., 2,001 present for duty, equipped, by last returns; comprised in part of the fragments of regiments at home on furlough but poorly mounted, and chiefly useful for scouting and picket duty.

No returns or reports received from the troops at Vicksburg and Natchez.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding Sixteenth Corps.

P. S.- The garrison of Memphis consists of; White infantry, 2,159; white artillery, 606; colored infantry, 2,312; colored artillery, 1,257.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

Dispatch of 16th is received. I shall go to Cairo with my personal staff Tuesday or Wednesday. I shall leave corps headquarters here until you designate the commander of the Sixteenth Corps. I shall expect specific orders at Cairo. You will hear more fully from me by mail.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

