
Kentucky, and to determine whether with the force under my command and under the orders received from my superiors the disasters which have occurred could have been prevented.

I am not willing to rest under imputation of "marked timidity," and request what I believe is assured me by the Regulations-an inquiry by competent and disinterested officers.

The telegram referred to is subjoined.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT

Major-General and Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 23, 1864

Respectfully forwarded.

If General Hurlbut wants an inquiry there is no objection.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 30, 1864

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant for his orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,In Field, Culpeper Court-House, Va., May 2, 1864

Respectfully returned.

It is not consistent with the interests of the public service to convene the court of inquiry demanded by Major General S. A. Hurlbut. Whether his course was "timid" or not, it has been unsatisfactory. The propriety of relieving a subordinate officer when it is believed that some other officer can act more efficiently is beyond question, and it is not necessary or proper to assign specific reasons for such a change or to convene a court to determine whether injustice has been done the officer so relieved.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 18, 1864

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army;

GENERAL: I beg leave through you to invite the attention of the War Department to the condition of the cavalry under my command.

First. Eight regiments, the oldest and most experienced in the command, have re-enlisted as veterans, and been sent home on furlough. Two of these, the Third Michigan and Seventh Kansas, were

---------------

*See Sherman to Hurlbut, April 16, p. 381.

---------------

