
GENERAL ORDERS. HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 7. Nashville, Tenn., April 18, 1864

I. When troops serving in this military division are transferred from one post to another, or from one department to another department, the orders will embrace transportation for all the wagons, mules horses, tents, clothing, and camp equipage properly pertaining to such troops.

II. When troops are ordered to march for action, or to be in condition for action, all encumbrances must be left in store at the most safe and convenient point. Mounted officers (general, regimental, or cavalry) will be expected to carry on their own or led horses the necessary bedding and changes of clothing, with forage and provisions for themselves for three days, which must last five days. Infantry officers and soldiers must carry on their persons or on led horses or mules the same; to which end will be allowed to each company, when practicable, one led horse or pack-mule. Artillery can carry the same on their caissons, so that all troops must be in readiness for motion without wagons for a five days' operation.

III. For longer periods of service, the generals in command of armies, divisions, or brigades will indicate in orders beforehand the number of wagons to each headquarters, and subdivision of command. In no event will tents be carried, or chests, or boxes, or trunks. Wagons must be reserved for ammunition proper, for cooking utensils, for provisions consisting exclusively of bread or flour, salt, sugar, coffee, and bacon or pork, in the proportion of thirty days' sugar and coffee, double of salt, twenty days' of bread or flour, and six of pork or bacon. The meat ration must be gathered in the country or driven on the hoof. Officers must be restricted to the same food as soldiers, and the general commanding knows that our soldiers will submit to any deprivation, provided life and health can be sustained and they are satisfied of the necessity.

IV. One or two ambulances and one wagon should follow each regiment. All other wheeled vehicles should be made up into trains of convenient size, always under command of some quartermaster with a proper escort; and minute instructions should be imparted to the officers in charge of trains as to keeping closed up, doubling up on the roads when they are wide enough, or parking in side fields when there is any cause of delay ahead, so that the long periods of standing in a road, which fatigue the troops so much, may be avoided.

These orders are preliminary.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 109. Chattanooga, Tenn., April 18, 1864.

* * * * *

VIII. The Twenty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers is hereby transferred from the First Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps to the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army

