
to put myself in command of my troops in that quarter, and will be ready for work at once, as I am in no manner fatigued. Indeed, the men I took with me to Meridian are better fitted for work now than before we started. I send by General Butterfield my official report, with copies of orders, letters, &amp;c., giving you full information of all matters up to date.*

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,

No. 29. Louisville, Ky., March 8, 1864.

The following order from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi and the acts of the Legislature of Kentucky, referred to therein, are hereby published for the information of whom it may concern:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., February 27, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: In view of the recent enactments of the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, that State is exempted from the operations of General Orders, No. 4, of date November 5, 1863, from these headquarters. Hereafter the civil law will be exclusively relied on in cases such as were intended to be reached by said General Orders.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Acts of the Legislature referred to.

548. - AN ACT to punish disloyal and treasonable practices.

Be it enacted, &c.: SEC. 1. That if any person shall counsel, advise, aid, assist, encourage, or induce any officer or soldier of the so-called Confederate States, or either of them, or any guerrilla, robber, bandit, or armed band, or persons or person engaged, or professing to be engaged in making or levying war upon the Government of the United States or States of Kentucky, or upon any citizen or resident of the State of Kentucky, to destroy or injure any property of this Commonwealth, or shall counsel, encourage, aid, advise, or assist any such person or persons to injure, arrest, kidnap, or there wise maltreat any citizen or resident of the State of Kentucky, or shall harbor or conceal, or shall voluntarily receive or aid any such persons, knowing them to be such, shall be guilty of a high misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined not less than $100 nor more than $10,000, or confined in the county jail not less than six months nor more than twelve months, and may be both so fined and imprisoned at the discretion of the jury.

SEC. 2. That if any persons or person within this Commonwealth, by speaking or writing against the Government of the United States, or of this State, or in favor of the Government of the so-called Confederate States of America, shell willfully endeavor to excite the people of this State or any of them to insurrection or rebellion against the authority or laws of this State or of the United States, or who shall State or any of them from supporting and maintaining the legal and constitutional authority of the Federal Government or of this State, or endeavor to prevent or shall oppose the suppression of the existing rebellion against the authority of the Federal Government, every such person being thereof legally convinced shall be

---------------

*See Part I, p.173.

---------------

