
the road leading up the Watauga. This leaves the force in Southwest Virginia little more than that which was recently driven through Pound Gap by Colonel Gallup. From all the information obtained while in command here, I estimate the effective strength of Longstreet's three division at 12,500. General Foster's estimate was somewhat larger. I state this as it may be of importance to General Grant in Virginia at this time.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

(Copy to Grant from Sherman, April 20.)

BULL'S GAP, April 19, 1864

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding:

Reports from the front are that the rebel infantry is near Wytheville; their cavalry between Abingdon and Zollicoffer. Two regiments, under Vaughn, said to have gone to North Carolina. The wagon bridge at Lick Creek is completed. Roads get no better, on account of the continuous rain.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 19, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Athens:

Scout from Triana reports all quiet. Rebel picket of 4 men has again appeared opposite Triana. No new movement at this point. Our pickets were fired upon at 7 this morning on the Danville road, but no large force in that direction as far as ascertained.

Strong rebel parties in the direction of Somerville. Have sent one company down the river bank on the north side to go as far as the roads will allow.

Lieutenant J. J. Calkins, First Michigan Artillery, will go up on train this morning.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 19, 1864

General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

I saw General Slocum and had a conversation with him. It would be well for you to write him general instructions as to his district and its resources, its strong points and weak points, and urge him at all times to keep the enemy busy by threats towards Clinton, or Yazoo City. Same of the Natchez. That force should not be idle, but send parties inland on both sides of the river.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

