
there), but I supposed it was evacuated when that regiment was ordered away. It is a deplorable affair, but will in the end I am certain be most damaging to the rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 19, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel FAIRLEIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

COLONEL: Letters received from Colonels True and Brown state that they hear of no rebels in large force in the eastern part of the State. Small commands are prowling through the country depredating and foraging on the citizens. Would it not be best to send one of my brigades to the vicinity of Irvine and one to Mount Sterling leaving one at this place? They can be supplied with forage and subsistence from this point. If this arrangement is indorsed by the general commanding it will enable me to protect the citizens in counties beyond the above-named points; also rid the country of rebel bands.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 19, 1864

Colonel JOHN M. BROWN,

Commanding at Irvine, Ky.:

COLONEL: Your communication of 18th instant was received to-day. You are at liberty to move a force through Hayward, and if possible intercept any force in that vicinity retreating from Colonel Gallup.

Your rations will leave to-day. I design in a few days sending Colonel Hanson, with the Thirty-seventh and Fifty-second Kentucky, in the vicinity of Irvine, making that place the headquarters of the Third Brigade. Forage and subsistence will be sent from this place. This arrangement will enable me to scout the country in every direction; also give protection to Irvine, Richmond, and Winchester.

The Second Brigade will be sent to Mount Sterling or Glenn's Mills, and will co-operate with First Brigade, Colonel Gallup, and Third Brigade, Colonel Hanson.

Respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKFORT, KY.,

April 19, 1864.

General E. H. HOBSON:

John D. Hall, commanding recruits at Harrodsburg, with a squad of armed men, forcibly rescued John Patterson, a recruit, on trial before the judge for felony. The court cannot progress without pro-

