
my cavalry as far up as practicable and ascertain positively as to Longstreet's withdrawal. I think it probable the enemy will destroy the Watauga and Holston bridges on our approach. If he does not, shall we destroy them?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CLEVELAND, April 20, 1864

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

General Thomas wished me to ask you how such soon you will be able to relieve the troops at Charleston and Columbus. He think Columbus ought always to be held by at least a regiment, to prevent raids upon the lines of communication.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

GRAYSVILLE, April 20, 1864

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A scout sent out last night fell in with some of the faithful in my vicinity. They are ostensibly Union, but gave him in his assumed character of rebel spy all the information they possessed as to my troops, position, &amp;c., as to which they were well informed.

He found where one of Johnston's spies, Taylor, by name, had passed the previous night, who had gone on to Chattanooga, Tenn. This spy told the citizen that Johnston was concentrating all his troops in this front. Taylor is now in the neighborhood of Mission Ridge, where there is a citizen who visits town and brings news and papers to him. The spies have a regular trail between Rossville and this place. Nothing new in front.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

MOSSY CREEK, April 20, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Two companies of cavalry reported to me. One left this morning with the reconnaissance to Dandridge, which will be pushed from here toward Sevierville as far as safety and rations will permit. From all the information I can gather, no ford of Holston between Strawberry Plains and Morristown is practicable.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS,

Clifton, Tenn., April 20, 1864

Colonel R. ROWETT,

Bailey's Springs, Ala.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 16th I received last night. Forrest was in Jackson Thursday night. I learn that he received four flesh wounds at Fort Pillow. He is concentrating all his force at Jackson,

