
by capturing some of our detachments. Look out for that. Correspond with General Cox, so as to get what information he may have without unnecessary delay. Have the two squadrons of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry reported to you?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 20, 1864

Major-General HOWARD:

General Hovey's division arrived at Chattanooga this morning, and is ordered to Charleston. As soon as he arrives there your troops at Charleston and Columbus can be relieved.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, April 20, 1864.

Judge NEWMAN:

DEAR SIR: I received dispatch last night from Governor Bramlette requesting me to send one or two companies of Federal soldiers to Harrodsburg for the protection of circuit court, now in session at that place; also to arrest recruiting officer John D. Hall and recruit John Patterson.

One company left this place this morning under command of Captain White, Thirty-seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry, with instructions to arrest John Patterson and turn him over to the civil authorities; also to arrest John D. Hall and send him to these headquarters under arrest. The commanding officer of company has instructions not to permit his men to remain about the court-house or court grounds when court it in session. If, however, there should be any interference with the business of the court, you are at liberty to call on the captain commanding for protection. Will you have the kindness to forward a full statement of the facts and conduct of John D. Hall and John Patterson in relation to the recent interference with the business of circuit court in Mercer County? Send statement to my headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 20, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, Nashville:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith report from Brigadier-General Dodge in relation to the movements of the enemy in his immediate front, and of Forrest's force in West Tennessee.

I have been in the habit of sending all reports of scouts, &amp;c., to you which have a semblance of reliability, in order that you may compare them with reports from other quarters and thus be more certain of getting at something like the facts in the case.

If Forrest's force is as large as reported, I am of opinion that nothing less than a division under Gresham, or Crocker and Gresham,

