
aiding, harboring, and abetting the wrong-doer under the provisions of this act, and shall be half jointly and severally liable with such wrong-doers for all illegal acts done by such guerrilla or guerrillas, or predatory band, or any one of them, during that incursion in the said county.

SEC. 2. In any section under this act the fact of the loyalty or disloyalty of the defendant may be given in evidence to the court or jury, and person's character for loyalty or disloyalty of the wrong-doers, who are not sued, and who committed said acts, may also be given in evidence to the court or jury: Provided, That in any action prosecuted under the provisions of this act the test of loyalty shall be whether the defendant or defendants have adhered to and supported the Constitutions of the United States and of the State of Kentucky, and have complied with and been obedient to the laws enacted in pursuance thereof.

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 9, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs that after issuing three days' rations to the men in haversacks and loading what stores can be carried in regimental wagons, all empty wagons be sent at once to Strawberry Plains. Please report also the name of your acting ordnance officer and what ordnance stores he has at Strawberry Plains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

NEW MARKET, March 9, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville:

Have just returned from Mossy Creek. Deserters and citizens continue to come in, but their news does not reach beyond Bull's Gap, where Buckner is said to be. Vaughn's brigade is still at Brogersvile and does not number over 400 or 500 in all, partly mounted and partly foot. A cavalry outpost at Chucky Bend. One man who came through from Greeneville, on Friday last, reports some troops scattered between Greeneville and Bull's Gap, but cannot say how many. At Greeneville he inquired if an office he saw guarded was Johnson's, and was told, no; it was Longstreet's. Supposed Longstreet was there, but does not know.

A rebel cavalry party, 30 or 40 strong, is reported at Massengale's Mill, on north side of Holston, about 8 miles above Strawberry Plains, yesterday. Colonel Garrard sends a party across to-day to look after them. A regiment goes to Morristown to support a cavalry reconnaissance toward Bull's Gap, and another to Mouth of Chucky for same purpose to-day. I have directed every possible means to be used to get immediately some definite information of

