
Rosecrans to send troops to Cairo, intended to drive Forrest out of Tennessee and then go to Steele. They have been so slow coming that they will be of no use for the first part of the purpose intended. Order them where you think best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, April 21, 1864

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Dispatch of yesterday received. All accounts concur in your statement of the position and strength of our enemy. His cavalry is patrolling from Gadsden to Guntersville and Decatur, watching McPherson. Wilder is supposed to be marching from Louisville toward Columbia at this time. I will make further inquiries, and see that all of Garrard's division is assembled there. Allen is moving heaven and earth to get mules for you, but I would undertake to reach Coosa with our present means.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, April 21, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

As affairs seem to be quiet I would like to visit you for a day, unless you can spare the time to come down here.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.,

April 21, 1864.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Athens:

Major-General Hurlbut telegraphs from Memphis, under date of April 19, that he is credibly informed that Polk's force, 17,000 strong, including Hoffy's and Jackson's cavalry, passed Starkville on the 11th of April for Huntsville. Forrest's force, he also stated, is returning south through La Grange and Saulsbury.

Have you any confirmation of this report, and where is Starkville? I cannot find it on any map I have got. Who is Hoffy? Is it not Roddey?

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOSSY CREEK, April 21, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I should like to send out the company of cavalry now here with an infantry force to-morrow toward Trogdon's Ford, said to be the best over the Holston, some 10 miles from here to return on 23rd. If permitted, I will send word to Colonel Bond, One hundred and eleventh, on a reconnaissance, with Dandridge as a base, not to return with the other cavalry company until 23rd; otherwise that company now out will be back to-morrow evening.

