
The disclosures in regard to the Fort Pillow massacre make out a much worse case than any of the published accounts. The Sioux Indians after this will be regarded as models of humanity.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 21, 1864

General WASHBURN, Cairo:

General McPherson will give full instructions by letter. In the mean time hasten to Memphis, get all the cavalry you can, and infantry, and punish Forrest if you can possibly reach him. I fear it is too late, but do all that is possible. You will find Sturgis there and Slocum at Vicksburg. McPherson will need troops up to the neighborhood of Purdy as fast as they assemble at Cairo. I fear we are too late, but I know there are troops enough at Memphis to whale Forrest if you can reach him.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 21, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. and Army of Tenn., Huntsville, Ala.:

COLONEL: Captain J. K. Wing, on his return from Huntsville, informed me that it was expected that I should accumulate forage and stores for troops of the Seventeenth Army Corps, expected here. Please inform me at what point on my line the commissary stores will be needed, and where they will be most likely to require forage. I now have about thirty days' rations on hand for my own command, and am accumulating as fast as possible.

The disposition of the enemy on the south side of the river this morning is as follows:

Roddey camped on Flint River, forces extending to Danville bridge; General Clanton's headquarters at Oakville; his troops extend to Blue Banks, 6 miles north of Moulton.

Colonel Johnson, Colonel Jackson, and Colonel Nash [?] extend their commands around to the river on the west. Their entire force ranges from 5,000 to 7,000 men; not less than 5,000 nor more than 7,000. They have three batteries and three regiments of infantry. General Veatch's division arrived here without any trains except regimental. I have got together for him a very poor train, the stock being such as I could pick up. I am satisfied I shall not be able to obtain any from Nashville. Could not some of the good transportation left on the Mississippi River be ordered around? The general is aware that my transportation is very light for the number of troops I will have to supply, in comparison with other commands. I now have about six wagons to a regiment, and 120 in the Second Division and seventy-nine in the Fourth Division. This includes ordnance trains and all, and will haul fifteen days' rations of bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, together with the ammunition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

