
facts attending the late massacre at Fort Pillow will probably visit Memphis in a few days, and it is the desire of the major-general commanding corps that the necessary effort be made to have all the evidence obtainable reduced to writing; that all officers conversant with the facts be required to at once make up full and circumstantial reports, and forward them to these headquarters.

The only report as yet received at these headquarters is that of Lieutenant Van Horn. No correct information has yet been furnished of the strength of the battalion Sixth U. S. Artillery (colored), when it embarked for Fort Pillow, nor of the number who escaped.

You will therefore proceed to get all the data on the subject which can be obtained in a shape to present to the committee on its arrival, as clear and precise in detail as possible.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 41. Memphis, Tenn., April 21, 1864

In obedience to orders from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, the undersigned removes his personal headquarters to Cairo, Ill.

The army corps headquarters will remain at Memphis until further orders from competent authority.

* * * * *

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, April 22, 1864-noon.

Major General SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Dispatch just received from General Brayman satisfies me of what I always believed, that forces sent to Banks would be lost for our spring campaign.

You will have to make your calculations now leaving A. J. Smith out. Do not let this delay or embarrass, however. Leave for him, if he should return, such directions as you deem most advisable. He may return in time to be thrown in somewhere, very opportunely.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 22, 1864. (Received 23rd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

I will calculate to leave Smith's command out. My chief trouble will be supplies but I am hurrying forward beef-cattle.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

