
CHATTANOOGA, April 22, 1864

Major-General SHERMAN,

Nashville:

A rebel chaplain came in to Baird's division to-day. He left Dalton day before yesterday, and reports Hardee's, Hood's, and part of Polk's corps there; that Johnston is making no preparations for moving, but expects us to march on him. He estimates Johnston's army at 60,000. I also have Atlanta papers of the 20th. They state that the remainder of Wheeler's cavalry has arrived at Atlanta, en route for Dalton. Colonel La Grange returned to Cleveland to-day from a scout toward Spring Place, near which place he surprised an outpost of the enemy, capturing 2 commissioned officers, 12 men, 6 horses, 8 saddles, and 15 rifles.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NASHVILLE, April 22, 1864.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Give full instructions to General Hooker. Notify Generals Howard and Schofield of your temporary absence, and come up for a day. If you feel the least doubt, however, I will come down.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn., April 22, 1864

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division, Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 21st instant, and am directed by the major-general commanding the corps to instruct you to withdraw the troops of your division at Shelbyville, Fayetteville, and Tracy City, and have them take post at some convenient point, with a view to your march to the front.

The indigent inhabitants at Fayetteville will be sent to Nashville, and until further orders the two companies of Tennessee Cavalry will take post at Tracy City and the senior officer be instructed to report by letter to Major-General Rousseau, at Nashville, for further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Cleveland, April 22, 1864

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet in our front. There are rumors that the enemy in small parties have been seen near the

