
railroad in the neighborhood of Charleston and Athens. Colonel La Grange has returned with a scouting party of 300 men sent out yesterday, having captured 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 12 men, forming part of one of the enemy's outposts without loss. This occurred at a point 29 miles distant from Cleveland, half way between Spring Place and Boiling Spring. Colonel La Grange reports from information obtained by the way that the enemy's cavalry force, now small, but soon to be considerably augmented, is at Tunnel Hill.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, TENN.,

April 22, 1864

Colonel J. B. DORR,

Commanding First Brigade:

The colonel commanding directs me to say that from information received at these headquarters it is evident that the enemy are making a reconnaissance in the direction of Cleveland, caused probably by the reconnaissance of Colonel La Grange. He directs that you cause the pickets on the Spring Place road, with the posts thrown out therefrom, to be strengthened by an additional detail of 40 men, to be relieved or ordered in the morning, should nothing occur to make it necessary to continue the re-enforcement. They will be instructed to exercise the utmost vigilance, and at 3 a.m. they will start patrols out on the Spring Place road and also on the Dalton road so as to prevent the possibility of surprise.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT LE ROY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, April 22, 1864

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Bull's Gap:

The following dispatch has just been received:

CHATTANOOGA, April 22, 1864

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I am advised by steam-boat captain that two guerrilla parties, 12 to 15 men each, crossed from north to south side of Tennessee River last night, are at mouth of Hiwassee and above.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

I have informed commanding officers at Madisonville and Sweet Water, and authorized them, if necessary to capture the parties, to press horses belonging to citizens. Have you any further instructions?

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

