HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, April 22, 1864

Brigadier General W. F. BARRY,

Chief of Art., Mil. Div. of the Miss., Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to present the following facts in regard to the reorganization of light batteries for active field service in this department, and respectfully request your opinion or instructions in the matter:

The only smooth-bore guns now here in a serviceable condition are 12-pounder light guns; of these, two batteries of four guns each have been organized and equipped for the field, and two more are in process of being refitted.

It is feared that with somewhat inferior quality of horses now being furnished us these batteries will not be able to continue the march any length of time, with but 6 horses to a carriage. In your letter of instructions, dated Nashville, April 6, 1864, you limit the number of horses for a four-gun battery to 80 which will confine them to 6 horses for each carriage.

I would deem this allowance entirely sufficient were the horses all or on an average what artillery horses ought to be, but those received here so far have on an average much below the standard for good artillery horses, and I respectfully, ask whether the batteries cannot be allowed 8 horses to each carriage.

I am general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

G. W. SCHOFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

NICHOLASVILLE, April 22, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have made such arrangements with Captain Hall, assistant quartermaster, to-day as I think will insure the fitting out of a pack train by the 1st. I believe I will have 5,000 completely fitted out by that time, and that everything has been done in my power. We are now getting plenty of forage at this post.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

ATHENS, April 22, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Huntsville:

Do you get any news from about Larkin's Ferry of any movement of cavalry west, and does General Thomas report my leaving his front? Yesterday and to-day's reports are conflicting. I would like to satisfy myself. Man in from Itawamba County, Miss.; heard nothing of Polk. He says Forrest was at Jackson, Tenn.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General

DECATUR, April 22, 1864

Major-General McPHERSON, Huntsville:

Scouts in from southeast say Martin's division of cavalry is moving into the valley. I think there is no doubt of a part of it at least coming this way.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

