
HUNTSVILLE, April 22, 1864

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Athens:

In view of the concentration of rebel forces in the valley and in the vicinity of Decatur, you had better have your troops along the railroad in readiness to move to the front. If you think the force at Decatur not sufficient,you might send a portion of the troops from Athens, and replace them from General Sweeny's division. I have telegraphed General Sherman to have General Garrard relieve your troops on the line of the railroad down to and including Pulaski.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 22, 1864

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

I do not think they have got force enough yet to hurt me. So far it is all cavalry except three regiments, all close around us. Not to exceed a regiment between Courland, and Corinth, put all together. I can move everything I have got to spare on the railroad in an hour's notice. I have taken the infantry regiment at Mooresville and sent it to Decatur, leaving the cavalry there. Scout in from Colonel Rowett says that Lee was reported to be at Okolona. Don't put much dependence in the report. The Eighteenth Missouri Infantry, 600 strong left Nashville yesterday. I will push it right through to Veatch.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 22, 1864

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of yesterday, I will state that the supplies which are to be accumulated for the Seventeenth Army Corps will be collected at Pulaski. Two divisions of this corps, aggregate about 12,000 men, will come up the Tennessee River to Clifton, disembark there, and march across the country to Pulaski, and thence to the front. There will be about 3,500 in the two divisions.

Five days' provisions and forage is all that you need accumulate, as the troops will come up amply provided, and these supplies are directed to be there in case of emergency. I have ordered up the whole corps train the division trains, and regimental wagons belonging to the two divisions, and think with a proper distribution of the transportation we will be able to take along everything we require.

From a recent order from Major-General Sherman you will see that no camp and garrison equipage, trunks, chests, boxes, &amp;c., can be taken along, everything in the way of officers' baggage being cut down to a minimum.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

