
During their absence the general desires you to keep as close watch as possible at all the principal points now covered by them. We have conflicting reports in relation to Polk's forces, Lee's cavalry, &amp;c. They are said to be moving up the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. If possible ascertain the facts. It is also reported that Forrest is moving south.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Columbus, Tenn., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report "all quiet" on the Hiwassee, except some little excitement caused by rather bold and frequent stealing of mules by persons supposed to be connected with guerrillas from below. I learn also from refugees in to-day that in the vicinity of Ducktown the people were expecting a raid to-day or to-morrow by a force of about 100, under command of a certain notorious Dr. Young. I don't get reliable information of any particular evidence of the movement further than the expectations of the people there. Among the refugees in to-day was a gentleman of more than ordinary intelligence and shrewdness, and apparently better posted up in matters pertaining to the rebel army than any one I have before met with. His statement is that the nominal force of Johnston's army, as shown by the muster-rolls last month, was, 42,000 all told, but constantly diminishing by desertion, sickness, &c. I desire instructions whether to continue my report direct to you, and where. I have reported daily, but get no answer whether my dispatches reach you.

Your obedient servant,

JASON MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-fourth Illinois Volunteers.

8 O'CLOCK A. M .

P. S.-I am just in receipt of reliable information that a squad of rebel cavalry, 50 or 60, are dashing through 5 miles above me, making for my picket station at Savannah. I have dispatched two companies in pursuit.

J. M.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Columbus, Tenn., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

GENERAL: As I stated in my dispatch of this morning, I sent two companies in the quickest possible time to the point where the rebel cavalry seemed, by their inquiries, to be making for the purpose of crossing the Hiwassee. On arriving there it was ascertained that they proceeded in that direction as far as Goley's Mill, about 3 1/2 miles from this point, and about the same distance from Savannah, and then struck for the trail over the mountain; judging from their inquiries at different points, I concluded they would make for the crossing called Broad Shoals, about 12 miles, and might not get there before night. As soon as I learned their apparent course, I dis-

