
patched 30 men to Broad Shoals, in the hope of intercepting them during the night. As yet (midnight) I have not heard from the expedition. From entirely reliable information, they consisted of 64, divided into two squads, thoroughly armed, but very much jaded out. The most correct account I can get of their companies is that they come from the direction and within about 4 miles of Riceville; beyond that I have not been able to trace them. The boldness and success of the affair demonstrates the necessity of having more force, and particularly some cavalry, in this vicinity, if it is important to prevent such raids or to have the present command here at all safe. It was their declared intention, before they got to Goley's Mill, to pounce upon my force at Savannah and capture them. I can't think why they changed their purpose, as I can see no reason why they should not have succeeded and got off before I could have rallied any force to stop them. I am satisfied that Goley aided them all he could. What shall I do with such men, when I have good reason to suspect them?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JASON MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-fourth Illinois Volunteers.

P. S.- I desire instructions whether furlough are still granted under the order giving 5 per cent. I am told that order has been suspended, but I can find no official notice of it among my papers.

J. M.

CAIRO, ILL., April 22, 1864.

Captain SHIRK, U. S. Navy:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions just received from Major-General McPherson, commanding Department of the Tennessee, I have the honor to request of you a convoy to accompany an expedition in my charge up the Tennessee River.

My command will consist of at least 3,000 infantry and one six-gun battery, and I will leave here as soon as I can get transportation. Be good enough to inform me at once whether you can furnish the convoy, and, if so, how soon.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, April 22, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

General McPherson's orders have arrived. Generals Washburn and Hunter went down last light. General Hurlbut not arrived. Generals Leggett, Crocker, and Gresham are here, but their troops come slowly. Forrest is doubtless out of reach beyond the Hatchie. The Congressional committee are at work. I am ahead of them in securing proof. My report to you will be sent as quick as possible. I am aiding them also. I notice in your dispatch that General Prince goes to Columbus. I am commanding the District of Cairo, and Columbus is a part. He is my senior in rank. Is there not a mistake or does he relieve me?

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

