
you can better determine from your knowledge of the enemy's force in your front what is best, and it is intended that your own best judgment shall guide you in all your movements in carrying out the instructions you have received from these headquarters. If in your judgment you think it advantageous for carrying out the object of the expedition to enter Yazoo City, without endangering too much your command, do so; if not, you will occupy a tenable position, such as in your judgment the circumstances and necessity require. If you do not enter Yazoo City, and can with security hold some position near there until you can send dispatches here reporting your position, do so. Keep the transports that report to you, subject to your orders, for the use of the expedition. Medical supplies have been ordered to be sent to you on the boat going up to-day and all the troops belonging to the expedition that have been left behind, and are able for duty, will be ordered to you on this boat.

By command of Brigadier General J. McArthur:

W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, ILL., April 22, 1864.

(Received 4.15 p.m., 23rd.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We find the atrocities at Fort Pillow to exceed the representations in the papers.

D. W. GOOCH.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, April 22, 1864. (Received 2.50 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

From letter of War Department, Marc. 8, Gallipolis is not in this department. Special Orders, War Department, April 5, transfers the general hospital at that place to Western Virginia.

In reply to a communication I addressed Brigadier-General Crook in relation to the exposed situation at Gallipolis, he writes under date of Charleston, W. Va., February 26, 1864, that his forces are disposed to prevent any rebel raid being made on that place. Should there be there would be ample time to concentrate forces for its protection. There is one company, Trumbull Guards, at Gallipolis.

S. P. HEINTZELMAMN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 60. Chattanooga, Tenn., April 22, 1864.

The Army of the Cumberland is notified that it will be required to move, during the approaching campaign, with the smallest possible allowance of baggage, as the wagons will be required to transport provisions, forage, and ammunition. The allowance of camp and garrison equipage will be that authorized by paragraph 65, page

