
RINGGOLD, March 9, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Colonel Harrison has arrived here. He reconnoitered Nickajack and the other gaps this morning, and found the rebels in larger force than before since the raid. Whether they will move out again I cannot tell. Harrison's command is 4 miles south of this, picketing beyond.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, March 9, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Huntsville:

Major General U. S. Grant directs by telegraph that you dismount your mounted infantry, armed with cavalry arms, as fast as their horses and arms are required for the purpose of equipping cavalry troops for service. This is rendered necessary form the impossibility of procuring horses and arms for the cavalry arm of the service and the necessity of getting it ready for service without delay.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Thomas and Schofield.)
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On board Str. Sir William Wallace, Vicksburg, March 9, 1864.

Colonel HOWE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will, as soon as transportation can be procured for your command, embark on steamers at Vicksburg and report to division headquarters on your arrival at Memphis, Tenn.

Lieutenant Smith, in charge of contrabands, will report to Colonel Howe, commanding Second Brigade, for orders and transportation.

Captain Boren, Twenty-fifth Indiana, will take charge of the transportation for the troops of the division and see that the entire stores, baggage, camp equipage, and animals be shipped to Memphis with the troops, or as speedily thereafter as possible.

Respectfully,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 17. Huntsville, Ala., March 9, 1864.

Commanding officers will at once institute measures to prevent the destruction of fences and buildings by soldiers of this command, and fix severe penalties for such breaches of discipline. Every facility consistent with the good of the service will be rendered

