
the people to raise subsistence for themselves. No buildings, fences, or other property will be destroyed expect upon the written authority of a commanding officer, which authority will not be given except when absolute necessary demands it for the good of the service.

By command of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 10, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Prepare your team mules for pack animals so that you can, when the roads get sufficiently good, drive the enemy out of East Tennessee. It will not be necessary to bring your animals to the front, where feed is hard to procure, until you know you want them.

The troops of which I wrote you will be new Indiana troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CALHOUN, March 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

Division arrived at this point to-day at 12 m. Lieutenant Parsley, Second Indiana Cavalry, is in command of pickets on Murphy road at gap, 6 miles from Tellico Plains. Lieutenant Williams, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, is in command of one company 5 miles below gap on Murphy road.

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,New Market, Tenn., March 10, 1864.

Brigadier General T. T. GARRARD,

Commanding District of the Clinch:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department directs me to inform you that his information leads ot the belief that there is no enemy in your front between you and Rogersville, except perhaps scouting parties of cavalry; even at Rogersville not more than a few hundred cavalry, and 200 or 300 infantry; possibly no infantry at all. In view of these facts the general directs that you move immediately upon the enemy, and drive him, if possible, beyond Rogersville. At all events, drive any force you may encounter beyond the Clinch Mountains.

The general desires you to report daily to these headquarters, keeping him informed of all your movements, and giving all information you may be able to gather of the strength and operations of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

