
turbed. All outposts, pickets, and vedettes should be ceaseless in their vigilance; otherwise, no matter how strong or how little advanced they may be, they are in danger of being overwhelmed. The outrages committed by the enemy on the prisoners will be attended to.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Tullahoma, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

Captain S. E. PITTMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Twentieth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of condition of defenses on line of Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad from Bell Buckle bridge to Poo Man's Creek Bridge, inclusive, so far as any changes have been made since last report:

Bell Buckle bridge (1 mile south of Bell Buckle): One small redoubt completed and one block-house nearly completed. Number of days' rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Wartrace bridge (1 mile north of Wartrace): One small fort and one stockade completed and one block-house nearly completed. Number of days' rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Wartrace: No change since last report. Number of day's rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Garrison's Fork bridge (1 mile south of Wartrace): No change since last report. Number of days' rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Duck River bridge: No change since last report. Number of days' rations on hand, 10; number of days' wood and water, 10.

Normandy: Since last report the men at this post have been engaged in banking up and covering the block-house recently constructed by the Michigan Engineers. It will require about five days to complete it. Number of days' rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Tullahoma: No change since last report. Number of days' rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Poor Man's Creek bridge (1 mile south of Tullahoma): A block-house is being erected at this post. Number of days' rations on hand, 7; number of days' wood and water, 7.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, April 24, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you copies of telegrams just received from Major-General Rousseau, which show that he has sufficient force to guard the railroad from Nashville to Chattanooga, leaving garrisons at Tullahoma, Stevenson, and Bridgeport, in addition to

