HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 10, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general, who has just arrived from Knoxville, directs me to say that he wishes everything ready for a movement on Saturday morning (12th instant). To this end he wishes the trains brought forward from Strawberry Plains in such shape, if possible, as to start with everything full, so as not to be obliged to send back again to the Plains. He expects the railroad to be in running order to Morristown by the time stated. Please see that the ordnance as well as quartermaster and commissary subsistence departments are fully prepared for the movement. Captain King has been instructed to issue on the estimates for rations which you sent this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, March 10, 1864.

Colonel T. J. MORGAN,

Commanding Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops:

You will march with your regiment on Monday morning next on a recruiting expedition. You will march up the Sequatchie Valley to Pikeville, thence to Caney Fork and the Calfkiller Rivers, varying your line of march as you may think best for the accomplishment of the business upon which you set out. You will impress no negroes, but take such as volunteer, and bring them to this place, and add them to the two regiments now being organized at this place. You will take such supplies of provisions as you may think advisable, but encumber yourself with as little transportation as you can make answer. Having finished this duty you will return to your camp at this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY.,

March 10, 1864.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he does not wish Wolford's division of cavalry to return to East Tennessee until there is grass enough to furnish feed for the horses.

Respectfully,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

