
enemy under General Forrest into West Tennessee I had under my control about 1,700 mounted men.

The cause of the reduction of the cavalry force in this corps since February 29 has been abundantly explained in all tri-monthly and special reports since March 10, 1864.

Upon a consultation at the time with General Buckland as to the propriety of sending infantry to operate in conjunction with the small force of cavalry against the enemy, he considered it hazardous to weaken the garrison at Memphis by sending any portion of the infantry force in search of the enemy.

By information obtained from scouts, spies, and by reconnaissances and engagements, I do not hesitate to say that the force of the enemy under General Forrest, north of the railroad, was at least 7,000 mounted men, while at the same time the force of General S. D. Lee, at least 6,000 strong, had been hovering along Coldwater within striking distance of Memphis and supporting distance of General Forrest.

Unusual exertions have been made recently by the enemy to mount troops, and several brigades of infantry have recently been mounted and placed under the disposal of Generals Forrest and Lee. In my opinion, the small and not reliable cavalry force at my disposal, with the addition of General Buckland's brigade of infantry, about 1,200 men, could not have moved out from Memphis and attacked the enemy with any certainty of success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., April 24, 1864.

General R. ALLEN,

Louisville:

Telegraph to Colonel Myers to hold at Memphis all cavalry horses not shipped, and enough teams for Mower's division when it comes to Memphis from Red River, and what he needs for the post; all else could come to Cairo and thence up to Clifton and across to Huntsville along with McPherson's troops, which are to come that way. We want at Memphis enough wagons for one division of, say, 6,000 men; all others can come to Huntsville. If Colonel Myers has sent up to Cairo all his teams by a mistake, those for one division should return.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATHENS, April 24, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY:

Major Plessner reports from Florence that some 500 of the enemy crossed at Eastport on the 22nd. There is said to be a larger force still to cross, how large not stated. If this is so, Major Estabrook should have known it before this and sent you word.

By order:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

