
thence on Cleveland road and returned, and seeing no signs of enemy. Our party beyond Nickajack attempted to capture pickets, but found them withdrawn. The indications are that enemy is watching more toward Cleveland.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NASHVILLE,Nashville, Tenn., April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your instructions to relieve Brigadier-General Williams as soon as may be, I have ordered the One hundred and second Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry, together about 1,278 strong, to Tullahoma and Stevenson to occupy those two posts and the defenses of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between Normandy and Bridgeport. They are ordered to start to-morrow morning at daybreak.

Colonel West, commanding Thirty-first Wisconsin, who was ordered to relieve the troops of Brigadier-General Williams as far as Normandy, informs me by telegraph that General Williams' troops still remain at those points under orders from Major-General Hooker. I have instructed Colonel West to remain at the points where his command has been posted until further orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, April 25, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

General Grant telegraphs me to be ready by May 2. Make preparations accordingly. Order Stoneman forward with all the cavalry that is ready; the rest can follow.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

BULL'S GAP, April 25, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Knoxville:

Have just returned from Midway Station, 8 miles above here. I expect Reilly's brigade to work a mile farther to-night. The work is very thoroughly done as far as we have gone, and I feel confident the enemy will not repair it this season. Reilly will push ahead in the morning. As there was some risk of a dash at this post by way of Rogersville, I ordered back the Eighth Tennessee and left Reilly the remainder. Manson camped last night 2 miles beyond Greeneville. He was to reach Jonesborough and the cavalry the Watauga to-day. There is no evidence of any considerable force this side of Bristol. Some 200 cavalry, reported at Watauga bridge, are all I can hear of.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

