
enlisted men. Effective strength of infantry at Triana, 46 commissioned officers, and 677 enlisted men. Effective strength of artillery is 7 commissioned officers and 191 enlisted men. Aggregate present all arms, including sick, is 5,172. Aggregate present and absent, 7,612.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ala., April 25, 1864-1.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Athens:

Major Kuhn has just returned from a scout on Somerville road. Stewart's battalion is picketing Flint; has sharp skirmishing with them, getting 1 man severely wounded. Learned from citizens the rebels lost 2 killed and 2 wounded in the dash on us last evening. Major Kuhn found their parties so arranged that he could not go beyond the foot of the mountains without getting them on his rear. No other news from the quarter. Scout from Triana reports Twenty-third and Thirtieth Indiana at Triana.

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, April 25, 1864.

General HURLBUT,

Cairo:

The orders for you to go to Cairo and report to the Adjutant-General were made by General Grant. They are not yet received by mail. I will refer your dispatches to General McPherson. I construe you to be still in command of the corps.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM,

Cairo, Ill.:

You will come up to Clifton on the Tennessee River and disembark your command. Orders will be sent you at that point. Did you receive my former dispatch to this effect?

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, April 25, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER:

Four thousand mules will have been shipped from Saint Louis by the 1st of May; several hundred are being sent from Bowling Green and other points, now arriving. I presume, daily; 400 are on the river from Memphis, and will arrive in a day or two; in all, between 5,000 and 6,000, at an early day. I think General Sherman will be satisfied with this.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

