
They are all around me. While I feel satisfied I can repel them, if you have spare force that is bound up the river I would be pleased to have them come up and stop here awhile.

S. G. HICKS.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., April 26, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Nashville, Tenn.:

No news of importance from between the rivers. From 500 to 1,000 rebels passed up on the west side Tennessee River yesterday; were seen at mouth of Sandy.

E. C. BROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 26, 1864.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the mounted portion of my command, about 2,000 strong, is now ready for the field. Of this force about 300 horses will not sustain over three days' march.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 26, 1864.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I respectfully report to the major-general commanding that there are eight regiments of my command now absent as veterans, while there are only five small regiments remaining here, they not being eligible to re-enlistment.

Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis having assumed command of the cavalry in West Tennessee, I respectfully ask to be relieved from duty with the cavalry at this point, and ordered to Illinois and Iowa, for the purpose of reorganizing, arming, mounting, and equipping the regiments of my old division, now absent on furlough.

I feel confident of being able to thus render more efficient service, and regain the largest and best portion of my command for active service at an earlier period than by remaining on duty with the small command now at Memphis, with which there is already another brigadier-general.

With no other than the most earnest wishes to serve our country where I can render the most efficient service, I am, major, most respectfully, your most obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

