
I will order them temporarily equipped, and let the navy officers, when they come, change the armament and crew. One naval officer has gone to the front. I don't believe any treasury can stand the load ours has, and we may in self-preservation be forced to resort to the same means our enemy has already done-take the one-tenth as tax and the nine-tenths as impressment. It is now going to be a grand scramble who will get the horses, Forrest or ourselves. I think Forrest can beat us in the horse-stealing business, but we must learn. As I advance into Georgia, Forrest will surely manage somehow to gather the horses in Tennessee and Kentucky, and if we could make our minds up to it, we might taken them first. But it has ever been that the Confederates take as a matter of course what would be an awful vandal outrage on our part.

By our returns we have 52,000 cavalry, but it I can get up three divisions of 5,000 each by May 2 I will deem myself lucky. As to teams I will use what we have. I inclose you copies of my orders* on this subject, which are as moderate as you could ask. For myself and staff I will take but one wagon, and other commanders ought to follow my example, which I will endeavor to impress.

I have sent word to Captain Poe, who will send you two copies of his photograph sketches, which are very beautiful.

You must make up your mind to heavy losses of stores this year, as our best troops are at the front, and the enemy, being superior to us in cavalry at all points, and having a cheap appreciation of horse-flesh, will make heavy swoops at our lines of communication. I will take all the precautions I can.

With much respect, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 26, 1864-11.40 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Nashville:

There is no breach of faith to the Indiana cavalry, and I have so informed Governor Morton, and instructed him that the men must be sent forward, mounted or dismounted. He acquiesced, and it is only needed that you send a good officer to bring them out of the State. The Governor has had every facility and is more than three months behind time with these troops. Please let me know whether you send an officer for them, and who he is, and this Department will see that you get them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 26, 1864. (Received 5.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Am glad you claim the right to control cavalry dismounted. The true rule is, when troops are mustered and paid by the United States

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 7, p.408.

---------------

