
Third Division: Blue star on white flag.

Fourth Division: Green star on red flag.

The flags for the brigades of the respective divisions will be in the shape of an equilateral triangle (each side 6 feet in length), similar in color and device to the division flags.

The flag of the First Brigade will be without border.

That of the Second Brigade have border same color as star, 6 inches wide, down the staff.

That of the Third Brigade a border 6 inches wide all around the flag.

Headquarters cavalry command: Red, white, and blue flag, 6 feet by 4; stripes vertical, red outermost, with cross sabers yellow, the hilt and point of sabers extending over one-half of red and blue stripes. Staff portable, 14 feet long, and in two joints. Yellow silk fringe around the flag, 4 inches wide.

First Division: White flag, 6 feet by 4, with cross sabers red, figure (1) blue.

First Brigade: White triangle, cross sabers red, figure (1) blue.

Second Brigade: White triangle; blue border on staff, 6 inches wide; cross sabers red; figure (2) blue.

Third Brigade: White triangle; blue border around flag, 4 inches wide; cross sabers red; figure (3) blue.

Second Division: Blue flag, 6 feet by 4; cross sabers white; figure (2) red.

First Brigade: Blue triangle; cross sabers white; figure (1) red.

Second Brigade: Blue triangle; cross sabers white; red border on staff, 6 inches wide; figure (2) red.

Third Brigade: Blue triangle; cross sabers white; red border, 4 inches wide around flag; figure (3) red.

Third Division: White flag, 6 feet by 4; cross sabers blue; figure (3) red.

First Brigade: White triangle; cross sabers blue; figure (1) red.

Second Brigade: White triangle; cross sabers blue; red border on staff, 6 inches wide; figure (2) red.

Third Brigade: White triangle; cross sabers blue; red border, 4 inches wide, around flag; figure (3) red.

Fourth Division: White flag, 6 feet by 4; cross sabers blue; figure (4) red; yellow border around flag, 9 inches wide.

First Brigade: White triangle; cross sabers red; figure (1) blue; yellow border around flag, width 4 inches.

Second Brigade: Blue triangle; cross sabers blue; figure (2) red; yellow border around flag, width 4 inches.

Third Brigade: White triangle; cross sabers blue; figure (3) red; yellow border around flag, width 4 inches.

Figures in center of sabers; points of sabers up.

Cross sabers in corps and division flags, 4 1/2 feet long, 3 inches wide; in brigade flags, 2 1/2 feet long, 1 1/4 inches wide.

Cavalry headquarters flag will be made of silk; division and brigade, of bunting.

Brigade flags will be 4 feet on staff and 6 feet on sides.

Engineer Brigade: A white and blue flag, blue uppermost and running horizontally, 6 feet by 4.

Pioneer Brigade: A blue, white, and blue flag, running vertically; crossed axes in engineer wreath on one side and spread eagle on the other.

