
Hospital and ambulance flags: Same as prescribed by General Orders, No. 9, current series, War Department.

Subsistence depots and store-houses: A plain light-green flag, 3 feet square.

Quartermaster depots and store-houses: Same flag, with letters "Q. M. D." in white, 1 foot long.

Ordnance department, general headquarters: A bright-green flag, 3 feet square, with two crossed cannon in white, set diagonally in a square of 3 feet, with a circular ribbon of 6 inches wide and 3 feet greatest diameter (or diameter of inner circle 2 feet), with the letters "U. S. Ordnance Department" in black, 4 inches long, on ribbon, and a streamer above flag, 1 foot on staff by 4 feet long, crimson color, with words "Chief of Ordnance" in black, 6 inched long.

Division ordnance: Same flag, with cannon and ribbon, but no streamer.

II. For the purpose of ready recognition of the members of the corps and divisions of this army, and to prevent injustice by reports of straggling and misconduct through mistakes as to organizations, the following-described badges will be worn by the officers and enlisted men of all the regiments of the corps mentioned. They will be made either of cloth or metal, after the patterns deposited in the office of the assistant adjutant-general, at department headquarters, and will be securely fastened upon the center of the top of the cap, or upon the left-hand side of the hat when that is worn:

For the Fourth Corps: An equilateral triangle, red for First Division, white for Second Division, blue for Third Division.

For the Fourteenth Corps: An acorn, red for First Division, white for Second Division, and blue for Third Division.

For the Twentieth Corps: A star, as heretofore worn by the Twelfth Corps.

Pioneer Brigade: Crossed hatches, as prescribed by paragraph 1585, Revised Army Regulations, edition of 1863.

The chief quartermaster of the department will furnish the cloth from which to make the badges, upon proper requisitions, and officers of the inspector-general's department of this army will see that they are worn as directed.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 117. Chattanooga, Tenn., April 26, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Battery I, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery (Captain H. Dilger), of the garrison of Chattanooga, is assigned to the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, relieving Battery A, First Michigan Volunteer Artillery. Battery A, Fist Michigan Artillery (Captain F. E. Hale), on being relieved, is assigned to the permanent garrison, Chattanooga.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

