
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN.,

No. 5. Huntsville, Ala., April 26, 1864.

The following officers are announced as the staff of the major-general commanding, on duty at these headquarters. They will be respected and obeyed accordingly:

Lieutenant Colonel William T. Clark, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Bingham, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel Robert Macfeely, chief commissary.

Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, assistant inspector-general.

Captain A. Hickenlooper, judge-advocate.

Major L. S. Willard, aide-de-camp.

Captain D. H. Gile, aide-de-camp.

Captain G. R. Steele, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Colonel James Wilson, provost-marshal-general.

Surg. John Moore, U. S. Army, medical director.

Asst. Surg. D. L. Huntington, U. S. Army, assistant medical director.

Captain C. B. Reese, U. S. Army, chief engineer.

Captain D. H. Buel, U. S. Army, chief of ordnance.

Captain John H. Munroe, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Rowland Cox, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Kilburn Knox, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters.

Lieutenant A. C. Blizzard, acting assistant quartermaster.

E. A. Duncan, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, in charge of staff and escort.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,

Knoxville, April 26, 1864.

In organizing the ordnance trains for the army in the field, as directed by Major-General Schofield, commanding department, the following general rules will be observed:

First. The corps ordnance train will carry 100 rounds per piece of ammunition for all small-arms and a supply of artillery ammunition equal to that carried in the ammunition chests of all the batteries.

Second. Each division ordnance train will carry sixty rounds per piece of ammunition for all small-arms in its division, and it will habitually march immediately in rear of the division baggage train. The division ordnance officers will be responsible for the ammunition carried in the division ordnance train, and will issue direct to regiments.

Third. No other stores, baggage, or articles of any kind, excepting forage for mules and drivers' necessary baggage, will be allowed in any of the wagons composing the ordnance train.

Fourth. On the march the wagons composing the ordnance trains will not be allowed to scatter or to be separated by allowing other wagons to get between them, and in camp, when practicable, will be parked in a body and separate from other trains.

