
boat having this cotton on board, nd if you find the facts as stated, or that there is evidence of fraud, seize the cotton and have it brought back to this post, or detained until matter can be in investigated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 11, 1864.

Colonel ISRAEL GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: Klein's battalion of your command will report to Major-General Parke, for an early movement to-morrow morning with Wilcox's division toward Mouth of Chucky. The remainder of your force will precede the march of the infantry, which moves at 5 to-morrow morning for Morristown. On reaching Morristown one company will make a reconnaissance toward Chucky Bend and act as outpost for a brigade of Feffero's division on that road. They will take measures to avoid collision with Klein's men should they return that way. The remainder of the command will reconnoiter toward Bull's Gap and act as outposts for Twenty-third Corps on that road. On the march you will report all information, &amp;c.,

through the division or corps commander nearest you.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff in the Field.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 11, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

SIR: Your command will march to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock as follows, viz: Willcox;'s division will proceed by the road leading to the Mouth of Chucky to the intersection of the Dandridge and Greeneville road, thence up the Dandridge road to the road leading from Mouth of Chucky to Morristown, then, and by the last-mentioned road, to Morristown, or as far in that direction as they can reasonably march with the delays hereinafter mentioned.

Klein's battalion of cavalry will precede this division, and will examine the ford at the Mouth of Chucky, the infantry remaining at the cross-roads, or some proper position in the vicinity, till the reconnaissance by the cavalry is completed. The cavalry will also the examine and obtain definite information as to the condition of all the fords on the Chucky from its mouth to the bend. An outpost of the cavalry will be left at the forks of the road from Dandridge to Greenville and Morristown (at a place called Snoddyville on the maps), and the body of the cavalry will make a reconnaissance as far toward Chucky Bend as possible. If they succeed in reaching the road from Chucky Bend to Morristown they will return to Morristown by that road, taking measures to avoid collision with Colonel Garrard's men, who may be upon it. Ferrero's division will march to Morristown and will encamp upon or near the Chucky

