HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, April 27, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER,

Lookout Valley:

Major-General Sherman telegraphs in cipher that the wants-

A gun-boat manned to patrol the river below Bridgeport to Decatur to cover McPherson's movements. It could be done by using field guns and dismounted artillery, till such time as the Navy can complete the proper crew and armament. General Sherman wishes to move the bridge at Larkinsville, so as to save that garrison.

The major-general commanding directs that General Geary move the gun-boat and place the field guns thereon, the men to return to Bridgeport and rejoin their division as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOOKOUT VALLEY, April 27, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chattanooga:

Please inform the general that Williams reports that his division will be at Bridgeport Saturday night.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cleveland, April 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet in my front. The scouting party which left here yesterday under command of Colonel Dorr, hearing that the picket post which it was intended to surprise had been moved, pushed for Spring Place, which town it entered at 3 o'clock this morning. The enemy left so rapidly that it was impossible to make but 3 prisoners. Colonel Dorr states in his report that the scouting party had developed the fact that the enemy have no forces of any kind east of the Connesauga and north of the Coosawattee, and that, if desirable, his lines of communication from Dalton to Atlanta might be interrupted. They have infantry with their cavalry on the other side of the Connesauga.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, April 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Wilder joined his brigade this morning. His regiment was to reach Columbia to-day. Horses have been pressed. Garrard will have over 5,000; has over 3,000 now. Looks fine. I will leave for Chattanooga to-morrow.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

