
I purpose, unless I discover reasons to change my intention, to visit and inspect Columbus and Paducah, and then assume command. By that time, about three days, I shall probably hear from you. Unless objected to by you, my course of the district to report to me. The district, without any change in itself, has changed its name on the records, being sometimes called that of Cairo and sometimes that of Columbus. In the general-order book General Asboth assumes command of the District of Columbus, and in the same order names the posts included in it, commencing with Cairo. At present, on the papers of the office, it is called the District of Cairo.

In conversation with General Grant he said to me that I would have the selection of the place for my headquarters between Columbus and Cairo, and I had no suspicion of any change in the district till General Brayman and General Hurlbut mentioned it.

Deeming it possible you may not have a copy of the orders of General McPherson, I inclose the original,* which please return. You will perceive that I am assigned to the command of the Defenses and District of Columbus, which includes Paducah, &amp;c. It is also said that I am not confined to this named boundary, and, when afterward speaking of the forces within my jurisdiction, it is said that certain troops are to rendezvous at Cairo-Seventeenth Army Corps-and "three regiments of infantry have been ordered from Saint Louis to re-enforce Paducah, Cairo, and Columbus." Cairo is, think, the base of the defenses of the district.

In want of information regarding your staff I address you directly.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 63. Chattanooga, Tenn., April 27, 1864.

The defenses of Chattanooga will hereafter be know by the names given to them in this order.

1. The detached work on the high hill east of the town, as Fort Creighton, in honor to Colonel Creighton, Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, who was killed in assault upon the enemy's lines on Taylor's Ridge, near Ringgold, Ga., November 26, 1863.

2. The detached work on the plain near the Rossville road, southeast from the main railroad depot, Fort Phelps, in honor of Colonel E. H. Phelps, Thirty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, who was killed in the assault upon Missionary Ridge, November 25, 1863.

3. The main interior line of the eastern side of the town, running from the old reservoir to the hill near department headquarters, known as Signal Hill, Fort Sherman, in honor to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi.

4. The battery of Fort Sherman, near the old reservoir, will be known as Battery Bushnell, in honor of Major Bushnell, Thirteenth Illinois Volunteers, who was killed in the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

---------------

*See Part I, p.516.

---------------

