
5. The lunette in the main line of Fort Sherman, about midway between the extremities and in front of the topographical engineer office, will be known as Lunette O'Meara, in honor of Lieutenant-Colonel O'Meara, Ninetieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, who was killed at the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

6. The redoubt of Fort Sherman, on Signal Hill, will be known as Redbout Putnam, in honor of Colonel Putnam, Ninety-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers, who was killed at the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

7. The advance battery in front of Battery Bushnell, on the spur overlooking the low lands near the mouth of Citico Creek, will be know as Battery McAloon, in honor of Lieutenant Colonel P. A. McAloon, Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was killed at the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

8. The Star for, on the spur southwest of the railroad depot, will be known as Fort Lytle, in honor of Brigadier General William H. Lytle, who was killed at the battle of Chickamauga, September 20, 1863.

9. The redoubt and indented line due west of Fort Lytle will be called Redoubt Crutchfield.

10. The fort on the spur of Cameron Hill, immediately south of the gap and of the summit of the hill, will be called Fort Mihalotzy, in honor of Colonel Geza Mihalotzy, Twenty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, who was killed in the affair before Dalton, February 25, 1864.

11. The battery on a lower projection of this spur, on the same side of the road, through the gap and west of Fort Mihalotzy, will be called Battery Coolidge, in honor of Major Sidney Coolidge, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, who was killed at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19, 1863.

12. The citadel on Cameron Hill will be known as Fort Cameron.

13. The redoubt on the northeast spur of Cameron Hill will be known as Redoubt Carpenter, in honor of Major Stephen D. Carpenter, who was killed at the battle of Stone's River, December 31, 1862.

14. The redoubt on the rocky knob east of the railroad depot to be known as Redoubt Jones, in honor of Captain William G. Jones, Tenth U. S. Infantry, colonel of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, who was killed at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19, 1863.

15. The first embrasure battery for field guns in the line of parapet running from Lunette O'Meara to Redoubt Jones will be known as Battery Taft, in honor of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Taft, Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers,* who was killed at the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

16. The second embrasure battery for field guns in the same line, south of Battery Taft, and occupying the highest part of the line, will be known as Battery Erwin, in honor of Major S. C. Erwin, Sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who was killed at the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Lieutenant-Colonel Taft belonged to the One hundred and forty-third New York, but was in temporary command of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania.

---------------

