
from the road, some even thinking that I had refused them passage to and from Nashville, this resulting from the fact that the conductors and my guards were familiar with my passes, and not with those of yourself or other commanders of the left wing.

I was very much stationed to hear of such complaints coming from you, as this was the first intimation I had received that any grounds existed for them, and I assure you that any such slight was entirely unintentional on my part, and had I known that such was the feeling on the part of your officers I would have spared no pains to have removed it. I had in fact given orders that your passes should receive the same consideration as my own in all respects, and had I known that such was not accorded them I would have taken measures to have enforced my orders in this respect.

I regret very much that you did not communicate with me on this subject before reporting it to the major-general commanding the Military Division of Mississippi.

As to the Army of the Tennessee coming to the relief of the Army of the Cumberland, it came in obedience to orders from the War Department. I am nevertheless very thankful to those troops for the excellent service they rendered in co-operation with the Army of the Cumberland, and I have never failed when opportunity offered to make due acknowledgments of such services, both privately and officially.

Hoping that this explanation may prove satisfactory and tend to the removal of any ill feeling on the part of your officers and restore that cordiality and good will which should govern all who are engaged in the great work which we have before us.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, April 28, 1864.

General STONEMAN,

Nicholasville:

Send forward your regiments by divisions as they are ready and reach the neighborhood of Chattanooga by the 5th of May, with your horses in good condition as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NICHOLASVILLE, April 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

One regiment moved to-day, two to-morrow, two the day after, and one the day following. I have allowed regiments eight days to reach Kingston, where we expect and hope to find forage provided for us, and where I expect to be on the 5th of May. I shall push the horses through as fast as possible consistent with their newness and future usefulness. Please notify me if you have provided forage for us at Kingston, or if not, at what points, and give me any specific instructions you may have regulating our movements.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

