
CAMP 1 MILE NORTH OF LOUDON, April 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

It is impossible to get my command across the river to-night. The heat, long marches at first, and new shoes have broken down a great many men. Can I rely upon railroad for transportation for 200 men from Loudon in the morning? Please reply, and if affirmatively I will leave the men.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

LEXINGTON, KY., April 28, 1864.

Captain S. E. JONES,

Provost-Marshall District of Kentucky:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs me to transmit to you a copy of a letter* received from Major-General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, refering to a plot to burn steam-boats and cities on the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers; that you notify the captains of steam-boats of the contemplated plot, rendering them all the assistance in your power to prevent its consummation and to punish the conspirators. Should troops be needed you will call upon the military commandant of Louisville, who will furnish you the required number, and in case we cannot furnish them they will be furnished on application from these headquarters.

Every exertion must be made to fully carry out General Sherman's suggestions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. S. ANDREWS,

Lieutenant Sixth Michigan Battery and Actg. Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Huntsville, Ala., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. Q. GRESHAM,

Commanding Forces:

GENERAL: Disembark your command at Clifton, Tenn., and remain there, watching the operations of Forrest, and endeavor to counteract him should he attempt to cross the Tennessee River and interfere with our communications.

Brigadier General John D. Stevenson will remain in command of the forces at and in the vicinity of Decatur and along the line of the railroad north to Pulaski. Colonels Rowett and Murphy will patrol the river around from Decatur via Florence to Clifton and below. You will endeavor to keep in communication with General Stevenson, and advise him of everything important in relation to the movements of the enemy which may come to your knowledge.

As soon as you are relieved by another brigade you will push forward and join me via Pulaski and Hunstville. Bring along the cattle if any of them arrive at Huntsville before you leave.

Yours, respectfully,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p.463.

---------------

