
ATHENS, April 28, 1864-6 p.m.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Pulaski:

Move with your command direct to Huntsville via Elkton. Send the Seventh Illinois wagons and detachment to this place. I will order Bane to move from here day after to-morrow to join you there. You will find forage at Huntsville and will not have to haul much. Teams can be loaded so they can move right along. I will send orders to Rowett. When you get to Huntsville report by telegraph and move right on to Stevenson, taking forage there to take you to that point, where I will have forage for you. Acknowledge the receipt of this. I have received no answer to my dispatch in relation to what was left at different bridges.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Decatur:

You will move at daylight, May 1, and not take much forage; one or two days' is sufficient. Load commissary train so it will go right along. Have your train parked on this side of river at the junction this side of swamp on evening April 30. The brigade spoken of in my letter, that was to move April 30, will move with you May 1. Answer.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding Fourth Division, Decatur, Ala.:

GENERAL: I desire you to be ready with the command designated in my dispatch to move May 2, at daylight. One brigade will be ready to move at noon, May 1, to Flint River, to cover Captain Armstrong's pioneers, who will brigade Flint during that night. The Ninth Illinois Infantry and First Alabama Cavalry should move with them. You will have to make the proper disposition of troops left behind. Detail acting staff officers, &amp;c.

I think I shall place General Stevenson in command of all troops left of this command, extending from Lynnville down to and including Decatur.

If Captain Armstrong thinks it will take more time to bridge Flint, we will have to move on the morning of May 1; at least, part of you command will. I will try to be there on the 30th day of April, and you better have everything loaded and ready to go May 1, should my troops coming up get close enough. I desire that the movement should not be known outside of Decatur until it is made. The Ninth Ohio Cavalry will be added to the garrison of Decatur, as well as convalescents, or part of them, of the Second Division, and we should get the new fortifications as far advanced as possible.

I have written Captain Armstrong to-day. Give your pioneer corps as many teams as Captain Armstrong thinks necessary, but they must not carry anything only what we will need in the field.

