
A good supply of entrenching tools must be taken. The mounted force will load all wagons but three with forage alone.

I have been informed since writing the above that Flint is fordable at Somerville crossing. If this is so for artillery and teams, we will only need a foot-bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding Fourth Division:

Since writing you, my orders have been changed in such a manner as will make it unnecessary for us to change our line of march. As telegraphed you, you will move with First and and Second Brigades, Ninth Illinois, and First Alabama on May 1 on direct road to Huntsville, thence to Stevenson. Forage will be at Huntsville, Stevenson, and other points where we may need it. Order one company of First Alabama Cavalry to report here on evening of April 30.

Inform Captain Armstrong that he need not make any preparations to bridge Flint.

One brigade from Logan's command will join the force at Decatur, and the Seventh Illinois (mounted) will be left on this side of the river to watch from Elk River down.

Orders will be issued from these headquarters putting General Stevenson in command of all troops left on the line of the railroad from Lynnville to and including Decatur, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 28, 1864.

Colonel R. ROWETT,

Commanding Seventh Illinois:

You have before this will reach you undoubtedly received orders to move to this place. Orders since received render it necessary for you to remain on the river. Watch the river from Elk River closely as before. After May 1 you will make your reports to Brigadier-General Stevenson, whose headquarters will be at Decatur. Your train and dismounted men will be ordered to this place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 28, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

The following dispatch is just from General Washburn. Please give him general instructions before starting that we want him to hold Forrest and as many of the enemy near him as he can, rather than to risk too much in his attack. I have answered that he should

