
on each of the following roads: Horn Lake, Hernando, and Holly Ford. They will start at precisely 3 o'clock to-morrow morning. Those on the Horn Lake and Hernando roads will go about 10 miles. The party on the Holly Ford road will go to the crossing of the Nonconnah. These parties will all remain out until 3 o'clock in the afternoon. They will allow all persons coming in to pass without interruption; but will arrest and detain all persons going out, keeping them out of sight of the road, so that parties coming in will not see them, and their operations will not be reported in Memphis. At 3 o'clock p.m. they will return, and will bring with them to the city all parties whom they have arrested.

The First Brigade is instructed to send out similar parties on each of the other roads running from Memphis.

At 3 o'clock to-morrow you will send other parties of 20 men each on the following roads: The Randolph, New and Old Raleigh, Germantown, New State Line, Pigeon Roost, Holly Ford, Hernando, and Horn Lake.

They will go out a distance of 5 or 6 miles on each road, and keep themselves well concealed, allowing every one to pass in, but detaining all who attempt to pass out. These last parties will remain out until relieved. These last scouts must be made up of the detachments of the Third, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois, Seventh Kansas, and Third Michigan. The detachments of the Second Iowa and Sixth Illinois will await orders in camp. Be very explicit in the instructions of your officers, and be sure that they understand their instructions.

By order of Colonel G. E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry, commanding division:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 28, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH KARGE,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: In pursuance of the inclosed order* of Major-General Washburn, you will send out at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning a scout of 25 men and 1 commissioned officer upon each of the following roads: Randolph, New Raleigh, Old Raleigh, Germantown, New State Line, and Pigeon Roost.

They will allow all persons to come into Memphis unmolested, but will arrest and detain all who are passing out, keeping them concealed off the road, so that persons coming in shall not bring information of the transaction to Memphis. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon these parties will return, bringing with them all intercepted persons. They will be relieved by a similar scout from the Provisional Regiment about 3 o'clock in the afternoon.

Be very explicit in your instructions to the several officers, and be sure that they understand these instructions.

By order of Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry, commanding division:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted; instructions herein repeated.

---------------

