HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, April 28, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

Your letter of 20th just received. Forrest is still around, with headquarters at Jackson. I shall move against him on the 30th with all the cavalry I can raised and 2,000 infantry. Could only raise 550 mounted men at Vicksburg, who will be here to-night. I intend to thoroughly scour and clear out West Tennessee before the troops return. Have pressed all the horses I could find, and hope to have 3,500. General Sturgis is h ere.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

CAIRO, April 28, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

GENERAL: In visiting Columbus yesterday I found that there was so much to be done there that I assumed command and gave the post commander written instructions resulting from my inspection of the place. I proceed to Cairo to-day on my way to Paducah for an examination similar to the one I have made at Columbus, and have concluded that I must promulgate the orders, of which I inclose a copy,* at once.

A party of mounted infantry sent from Columbus to Paducah-about 70 men-has arrived there and reported to me this morning that it will not be safe for them to return by land, in which, from other sources of information, I concur. Parties of the enemy's mounted forces are distributed about my district occupied in obtaining men and horses. No apprehension is entertained of their attempting to do anything else at present.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CAIRO, April 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Would have got off last night but the boats assigned me could not carry my command and the cattle-900 head. Have supplied another boat, and will be off in two hours.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, April 28, 1864-noon.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Nashville:

The First Illinois Cavalry en route for Vicksburg; the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, for Memphis, are here without horses, and go to-day; the Eighth Iowa Infantry, of Mower's division, is here for Memphis, and the Twelfth will be here to-morrow. Five thousand Springfield muskets with accouterments should be sent to arm returning troops.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p.516.

---------------

34 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

