
MARCH 11, 1864.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

General Sherman arrived in person at Vicksburg, February 27, and left same day for New Orleans to see General Banks. Army arrived March 4 in fine condition; had but little fighting and destroyed railroad generally.

I forwarded General Sherman's dispatch to General Rawlins at Nashville and General Grant at Washington by telegraph last night; also by mail to Nashville.

Your dispatch of the 8th just received.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA.,

March 11, 1864.

Major-General McPherson,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

The following is received from Major-General Grant, direct by telegraph:

That you dismount your infantry armed with cavalry arms as fast as their horses and arms are required for the purpose of equipping cavalry for service. This is rendered necessary from the impossibility of procuring horses and arms for the cavalry arm of the service and the necessity for getting it ready for service without delay.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

You will please comply with the above throughout your command. By order of Major-General Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 11, 1864.

Captain WILLIAMS FINKLER,

Depot Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: On our recent expedition many of the families residing on the plantations within our jurisdiction were completely stripped of everything in the shape of horses, carriages, mules, and wagons, leaving them without the means of hauling provisions or wood for their necessary subsistence. Many of the animals and conveyances cannot be made available for Government service by reason of their size, &amp;c., and i propose to give orders on you in certain cases, when I know the parties are destitute, for these things. In turning over you will be careful and y which are or can be of use to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

