
NASHVILLE, April 28, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General LEGGETT,

Cairo:

Do the best you can. General McPherson has started for Huntsville, and I start for Chattanooga at 12 m. The Army of the Tennessee is now moving for position, and will have three divisions less for action than we estimated. You must do your best to overtake us, but you know when we start it is not easy to overhaul us. General McPherson has sent you full instructions on all points foreseen.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 5. Nicholasville, Ky., April 28, 1864.

That portion of this command now ready to take the field will move as follows: One regiment of Colonel Biddle's brigade, to be selected by the brigade commander, will move to-day, and reach Point Burnside on the 1st of May. From thence it will proceed to Kingston, Tenn., reaching that point on the 5th of May. The other two regiments of this brigade will follow to-morrow, April 29, reaching Point Burnside on the 2nd of May, and joining the other regiment of this brigade at Kingston on the 6th of May.

Colonel Holeman's brigade will move on the 30th, and regulate its march by Biddle's brigade, keeping not more than one day's march behind it.

The Fifth Indiana will move on the 1st of May, regulating its march by Holeman's brigade, and keeping not more than one day's march behind this brigade. Supplies of forage for animals and subsistence for troops will be procured at Camp Nelson, Point Burnside, and Kingston. Lieutenant Smith, in charge of pack train, will furnish each regiment on its arrival at Camp Nelson with such pack-animals, &amp;c., as are authorized by existing orders, but the movements of no regiment will be delayed on account of the pack-mules not being on hand or ready to be turned over, as their places will be supplied temporarily by wagons as far as Point Burnside, where pack-mules will be obtained. After leaving Point Burnside the movement of every regiment of the command will not be delayed by its transportation, but each will make its march, and if the transportation cannot keep up it will be left behind to follow after. All the men of Colonels Biddle and Holeman who are left behind will be turned over to Colonel Capron, who will see that they are fitted out and forwarded to their regiments as soon as possible.

By command of Major-General Stoneman:

C. H. HALE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. CAV. COMMAND, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,

Nicholasville, Ky., April 28, 1864.

First. The commanding general is aware of the active and valuable service, fatigue, and hardships which the cavalry of this command has passed through during the past year, and the report it has written for itself, worthy of a page in the history of warfare, by its

