
rapid marches, in its more than brilliant achievements in the many hear-earned victories in skirmishes and battles against the enemy of our country. All has been borne alike by the officers and soldiers of the entire command; and while he feels proud of the achievements and of such patriots and soldiers, he would enjoin upon them, now that we are about to enter on an active campaign, even to the crushing of the gigantic rebellion, the necessity of the most strict discipline for the good of the soldiers and the efficiency of this command. He would call the attention of officers to fully provide their men for the field, and upon the soldiers strict attention to duty, that all may share the fatigue, services, and honors alike.

Second. A commissioned officer will march in the rear of each company, and allow no one to leave the ranks unless absolutely necessary, and when such a necessity arises a pass will be given by the officer in command.

Third. Each regiment will have a rear guard, permitting none to fall behind without leaving a guard to bring them forward.

Fourth. No soldier will be permitted to straggle or enter a private dwelling-house unless on account of sickness, after gettoing a certificate from the surgeon and approved by the medical director of this command.

Fifth. Excuses are often made to fall out of ranks to procure water. There can be no necessity for this. Men must fill their canteens before marching.

Sixth. Private property must be respected. No individual foraging will be permitted.

Seventh. Each brigade will detail 1 commissioned officer, 4 sergeants, and 16 privates as provost guard.

Eighth. As there is an opinion prevailing that an officer's duty ceases with his own command, which is incorrect, it will be enjoined upon all to arrest for and correct all violations of orders or conduct tending to the prejudice of good order and military discipline coming under his observation within this command.

Commanding officers will have this order read to their respective companies. No excuse will be received for neglect of duty or ignorance of orders. All offenses committed, punishable under General Orders, No. 18, must be promptly punished as therein stated.

By command of Major General George Stoneman:

C. H. HALE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tenn., April 29, 1864-11 a.m. (Received 1.40 p.m.)

General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

I am here. Thomas is already in position; Schofield will be by May 2, and McPherson is marching for La Fayette via this place. All my effective cavalry is heading for Dalton, and I will be all ready by May 5. I will write you fully to-night.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

