HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, April 29, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Huntsville, Ala.:

I have notified the manager of the railroads that I may have to use all his cars and the road exclusively from Huntsville to Chattanooga to bring forward Dodge's command of Wednesday next.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATHENS, ALA., April 29, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

From the dispatch you received last night you will perceive that our line of march has been changed, and we will not for the present be troubled with any enemy. You can therefore march you brigades separately, with parts of train accompanying each, &amp;c.

I want to make as quick a march as the roads will admit of; therefore take every advantage in camping, starting column, &c. Lieutenant-Colonel Bingham, chief quartermaster of Department and Army of the Tennessee, will have forage for you at Huntsville; take enough to last you to Stevenson, where I will have more early to take us to our destination. We can get rations also at either place should we need them.

The pioneer corps will join you at Huntsville; Colonel Bane's brigade also, and I shall want a report of the force you have in the field at that point. Should I not overtake you there, leave it with General McPherson and push right on, taking the best and most feasible road ou can find. General Veatch will move May 1, and this will keep him one or two days behind you.

The Seventh Illinois, for the present, will be kept guarding the river, the I believe the Seventh Iowa have some 15 or 20 mounted men that you can use for your inspectors, in accordance with General Orders, No. 44. I have given such instructions as will cause our mail to follow us. I fear you will have trouble to-day at Tunnel Hill, but hope not.

Communicate with me by messenger or telegraph, if possible, of your daily progress.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, April 29, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Huntsville:

General Sweeny moved this morning with his train all loaded, as before ordered. General Veatch moves to-morrow. His trains are all loaded. All camp and garrison equipage has been ordered to Huntsville for storage. It is too late now to change the route. My trains, I think, will go through. We will lighten daily. They have taken 250 rounds of artillery and 200 of infantry ammunition. I can order General Veatch to reduce his ammunition, if you think best. Please answer to-night.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

