
to keep at Memphis enough wagons to move 6,000 men (infantry) at any time. If too many wagons and mules have been brought from Memphis they should be sent back. All of Grierson's cavalry should go to Memphis, and not wait at Saint Louis for horses. Horses can be sent them, and in the mean time they can do garrison duty. McPherson has at Cairo enough new muskets for his two divisions, and I understand you have some at Memphis. Troops destined for Memphis can be armed there, but if you need more at Cairo, by telegraphing to the Chief of Ordnance at Washington he will order them sent from Saint Louis. You had better have your corps staff with you. Give all orders necessary to expedite the movement of troops to their proper divisions. I will be near here for five days.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, April 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have mounted the Third Iowa, 800 strong, and sent it to Memphis by General Halleck's order. General Rosecrans has taken possession of the Third Michigan Cavalry here at Saint Louis.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 3. OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Huntsville, Ala., April 29, 1864.

In accordance with General Orders, No. 4, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, April, 1864, the following instructions are published for the guidance of provost-marshals:

Provost-marshals in this department will be divided into two classes: First, those serving with troops in the field as provost-marshals of corps and divisions; second, those serving at posts or in geographical districts.

The first class are staff officers of the generals commanding their corps and divisions, and accompany the movement of the troops of the several commands to which they belong. When in the field their duties are confined principally to the custody and disposition of prisoners of war and citizens suspected of giving information to the enemy or of other crimes, and to the enforcing of order in such towns as the troops may pass through or be encamped near during the march.

Any property seized by a provost-marshal while on the march, and needed for the use of the army, will at once be turned over to the proper officer entitled to receive the same, as the quartermaster, commissary, ordnance officer, &amp;c., and all other property not belonging to any military department, and which circumstances render it impracticable to turn over to the Treasury agent, will be destroyed or disposed of as the commanding general may direct.

When permanently in camp they are required to enforce the military laws, maintain order in and around their camps, and to perform such other duties of a kindred nature as their commanding officer may direct.

