
The second class are appointed by the provost-marshal-general, with the approval of the general commanding the department, and will not be considered as upon the staff of the post or district commanders. Their position will not be affected by any change that may occur in such commanders. They will attend to such duties as are usually performed by the magistrates and civil officers of towns, as far as consistent with the military occupation of a place; grant licenses for carrying on such traces and occupations as the post or district commander may decide to establish; maintain order, quiet, and cleanliness; punish those guilty of vice and crime; try all citizens guilty of violation of orders; inflict fines or order imprisonment as the nature of the case may require; decide all cases of dispute as to personal property or question of right arising among citizens; arrest and punish all parties engaged in giving information to the enemy, in smuggling or carrying on illicit trade of any kind; seize and confiscate all goods belonging to such parties; receive and forward to the proper camps prisoners of war; hold in custody other prisoners awaiting trial; dispose of deserters and refugees in accordance with existing orders; give permits to soldiers and citizens to pass from the post, under such restrictions as the post commander or superior headquarters may impose, and enforce such orders as the post or district commander may find it necessary to issue. When prisoners are arrested whose crimes are punishable by long imprisonment or death their cases will be referred to a military commission for trial.

Provost-marshal will make application to post or district commanders for the necessary officers and men to enable them to perform the duties required of them.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

JAMES WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

Instructions.

Reports will be made on the 15th and last day of each month.

PRISONERS.

Provost-marshal of corps will cause the assistants in their several divisions to make to them true and correct reports of all prisoners of war captured, and to furnish rolls properly made out in alphabetical order, due succession of rank, with company, regiment, when, where, and by whom captured, and in the last column such remarks as may be necessary, stating the disposition made of the prisoners.

These rolls will be made out on the blanks furnished by the Commissary-General of Prisoners. If there are no blanks on hand, then foolscap sheets will be used, opened out and ruled to cover the entire sheets when opened.

When it is not practicable to forward the prisoners North, directly to a camp established for rebel prisoners, they will be sent to the nearest post and placed in charge of the local provost-marshal there, who will consolidate all rolls of prisoners and forward the prisoners to the proper camps under charge of a sufficient guard. The officer placed in charge of the prisoners in transit to such camps will be furnished with two rolls, one of which will be turned over with his

