
in military operations, which shall be turned over to the proper officers of the ordnance, or of the quartermaster, or of the commissary departments, respectively, for the use of the army.

When the property is turned over it will be invoiced to the officer receiving it and receipts taken in duplicate, one of which will accompany the report as a voucher.

The attention of provost-marshal is especially called to the Treasury regulations and to General Orders, No. 88, War Department, March 31, 1863, with the requirements of which they will strictly comply.

FUNDS.

Money received by local provost-marshals for fines, licenses, &amp;c., will be accounted for semi-monthly. The report will be headed, "Report of cash received by --- ---, provost-marshal of ---, from the --- day of --- to the --- day of ---," and will contain columns headed as follows: Date, from whom received, for what, by whose order, remarks; and in addition a regular cash account will be forwarded. The balance on hand from last accounts will be brought forward. All payments will be accounted for particularly, and duplicated receipts taken for all expenditures, one of which will be forwarded with the account as a voucher. A balance will be struck showing the amount on hand at the date of the report. These balances, when exceeding $100, will be forwarded by local provost-marshals to the district provost-marshal, who will, after making up his accounts and reports, forward the balance on hand to the provost-marshal-general Department of the Tennessee by express. When there is no district provost-marshal the reports and balances will be forwarded directly to this office.

All Confederate money captured will be reported and forwarded separately, and a statement will be made of all the circumstances connected with the seizure, and if any has been paid out state why or by whose order. Confederate money seized is ordered to be reported and sent to the Adjutant-General of the Army, and provost-marshals will be particular to forward all information referring to such seizure, so the order can be fully complied with at this office.

The necessary expenses of local and district offices will be paid out of the funds collected. Whatever is required for the full and complete working of the office will be obtained, but no unnecessary or lavish expenditure will be allowed.

Provost-marshals will use great caution in the employment of detectives. Many abuses have crept into the provost-marshal's department from the employment of worthless and dishonest men. When any such can be convicted of improper conduct, of compromising with persons guilty of violating orders, or concealing or withholding information that may come in their possession, of accepting bribes, or of any other offense, they will be at once arrested and punished by the provost-marshal, or their cases will be brought before a military commission for trial, and they must not be merely sent out of the department, as is too frequently the case.

Citizens must not be employed as clerks when it is possible to obtained enlisted men. If it is absolutely necessary to hire clerks, preference will be given to soldiers honorably discharged from the service.

