
General Orders, No. 4, headquarters Department of the Tennessee, April 19, 1864, designate what moneys properly belong to the provost-marshal fund.

OATHS.

In administering the oath of allegiance (as embodied in the President's proclamation of March 26, 1864) to refugees and others, the blanks that have been distributed for that purpose will be used whenever practicable; when such blanks are not on hand, the oath will be written out on the top of a sheet of foolscap, commencing, "We, the undersigned, do solemnly swear," &amp;c., and columns will be ruled, headed date, name, residence; this will be signed by the persons taking the oath, and when the sheet is filled the officer will certify on it that the oath was administered to the parties by him on the date opposite to their names. These lists will be forwarded directly to the Department of State, Washington, with a letter of transmittal.

Persons taking the oath will be furnished with a certificate, and a record will be kept in the office.

A statement of the number of oaths administered will be made to this office at the time of making the usual reports and for the time covered by the reports.

JAMES WILSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 120. Knoxville, Tenn., April 29, 1864.

I. Until further orders, no sutlers will be allowed with the troops in the field. Division commanders will see that all sutlers with the army in the field are sent to the rear at once.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

R. MORROW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, April 30, 1864-6.30 p.m. (Received 7.50 p.m.)

General GRANT,

Culpeper:

I have news from Atlanta 24th and Dalton 27th. Some of Polk's troops have arrived. By the 5th all of Thomas' and Schofield's troops will be within one march of Dalton, and I doubt not McPherson will be on time. All things working as smoothly as I could expect.

Rosecrans holds some of the Memphis dismounted cavalry to guard against some secret plot in Saint Louis. I think the city police and militia could attend to all such machinations and leave us all our troops at this critical time.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

