HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, April 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SAWYER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Announce Corse, Warner, and Ewing as acting inspectors-general. Notify Colonel Donaldson and Colonel McCallum on Monday and Tuesday to bring forward on the cars all the detachments of troops they can, and on Wednesday to move from Huntsville to Chattanooga Dodge's command of 10,000 men. I give this early notice, as I want everybody here possible on the 5th of May.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

RINGGOLD, April 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

There are indications that the enemy are gathering in force on my right flank. The cavalry near Nickajack trail has largely increased, and our pickets in that vicinity have heard drums beating in the valley east of Taylor's Ridge. A scout also reports tents there, which he thinks belong to infantry. I shall probably learn nothing more until morning. If you think best Davis and Johnson might be notified in case you should want to send them here.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., April 30, 1864. (Received May 1.)

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I send you herewith a communication just received from General Kilpatrick.

During the day of yesterday and to-day parties of dismounted men have passed up onto our advanced vedettes on the Houston Valley road, leading south on Taylor's Ridge and intersecting the Nickajack trace. The increase of force about the outlet of the trail on this side, and the indications of an infantry force there, make it necessary to be on the lookout. This is my weak flank, and the one on which I will be attacked if at all. The enemy will have the advantage of ground in some respects approaching along the ridge, and may use artillery, while I cannot. Should the enemy choose to begin the campaign by a general attack here, I might be much damaged before the rest of the army could come up.

The trouble of the position is that, in order to make as stubborn a fight as I would wish to, I must involve my men so much in the mountains that in case of necessity I could not withdraw without great loss. If it is not designed to fight a battle here, there are fine defensive positions all the way to Graysville.

I think I can whip a large force here, but perhaps not the whole rebel army. My men are in fine spirits.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

