
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold, Ga., April 30, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters U. S. Forces:

Captain Stratton, field officer of the day, has just come in from Nickajack. He reports that there is every indication that the enemy has moved up and encamped in considerable force in the second valley beyond and to right of Nickajack trace. This has been done within the last forty-eight hours. The enemy's picket-line has been advanced and strengthened to-day. His vedettes are now within speaking distance of each other along the entire ridge beyond Taylor's Ridge.

One of my scouts just come in confirms this report, and adds that a considerable number of tents and other indications of a considerable force, and he thinks, too, of infantry, can be seen in valley mentioned above. Drums were distinctly heard late this evening by my outposts on the old Alabama road, next to Nickajack trace.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier General of Volunteers, Commanding Third Cavalry Division.

BRIDGEPORT, April 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The gun-boat is not quite ready to start. She will certainly leave to-morrow. The pontoon bridge west of the island will be taken up on Monday. The work on the bridges and fortifications will continue to be pressed.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

My division can move on Monday or Tuesday if I wait the arrival of my Third Brigade. The pontoon at Larkinsville has not to my knowledge been taken up.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, April 30, 1864.

Colonel McCALLUM,

General Superintendent U. S. Military Railroads:

COLONEL: By a telegram just received from Major-General Sherman at Chattanooga I am directed to advise you as follows:

He desires arrangements to be made to carry forward to Chattanooga on Monday and Tuesday next by cars all detachments of troops the trains can possibly transport. On Wednesday he desires the

