
command of General Dodge (10,000) to be moved by cars from Huntsville to Chattanooga. He desires all the force possible concentrated at Chattanooga on the 3rd of May.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. SAWYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, April 30, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

I am here with the main body of my troops. The remainder of the old command will be here to-morrow and the troops from Kentucky by the 4th. Mules for my general supply train will arrive at Knoxville on the 2nd from Kentucky. I will have here on the 5th teams enough for an eight days' march, and will be able to get up the supply train by the end of that time. Will spare no effort to be fully ready and am confident of success.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, April 30, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Huntsville, Ala.:

Have the Fifteenth Corps (10,000) march at once so as to be here the 5th May. I will order the cars to bring forward Dodge's 10,000 on Wednesday from Huntsville or this side. Wagons should follow a soon as possible. If there be any citizens about that you mistrust send them to the rear at once. As soon as all matters are arranged come to Chattanooga. I want your command at Rossville on the 5th May.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Athens, Ala., April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Decatur, Ala.:

GENERAL: From the inclosed dispatch* you will see that there is some intention of evacuating Decatur. When all our forces get to the front the intention is to put the force on this side of the river and run the bridge up Limestone at or near the railroad crossing. I think with the force you have you can hold the place without any doubt, and I know from experience that it is the best protection to this line of railroad we can get with same number of men. As soon as we evacuate the enemy will cross into the road near Florence and hold that country, giving a direct communication with Forrest, and

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

