
effectually covering his movements. I judge [from] the tenor of the dispatch that the move will not be made for some time yet, and you will have an opportunity to fully judge of the effect the move will have.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Clifton, Tenn., April 30, 1864.

Major General JAMES B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Dept. and Army of the Tenn., Huntsville, Ala.:

GENERAL: I arrived here with my command at 4 p.m. to-day. The Gladiator and Ed. Walsh reported to me at Cairo with 900 head of cattle aboard, and I have got them here, but there is no officer in charge of them and I have no orders what to do with them. There is forage aboard the boats for the cattle for two days. Please send me orders immediately what to do with them. I thought of sending them to Pulaski in charge of the Tennessee regiment at this place, but on reflection concluded it would be better to wait for orders.

Am disembarking, and will send the transports back to Cairo in the morning. Saw quite a number of guerrillas on the right bank of the river, and 30 miles above Paducah some eight or ten shots were fired at the fleet.

Forrest is at Jackson, and Major Murphy, commanding at this place, says part of his force is at Corinth, La Grange, and Bolivar.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, April 30, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Forrest is still in West Tennessee, 8,000 strong, scattered in the neighborhood of Jackson, Brownsville, Covington, and Bolivar. He has issued orders for all his force to rendezvous at Jackson May 4. I sent out my expedition to-day, 3,500 cavalry and 2,000 infantry, and I am confident that they will whip him and drive him from the State. I think your communications are in no danger. My orders are to follow him wherever he may go, and not be stopped unless Forrest shall be re-enforced by a largely superior force.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cairo, Ill, April 30, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of Memphis:

GENERAL: I expected before this to have received reports from you, but I am informed by Colonel Harris that you had not received General McPherson's orders. I am instructed by Major-General

35 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

