
McPherson to exercise general supervision of all movements against Forrest. Hence it was of prime necessity that I should hear from you. I am in the dark as to your movements and plans, excepts as I hear of them through third persons.

In stopping the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, en route for Vicksburg, you have exceeded your authority and probably crippled General Slocum. Nothing but the most extreme necessity will justify this course. So I am informed you have sent for the cavalry from Vicksburg. This, unless you have private orders authorizing such jurisdiction, is an usurpation, and that, too, upon an officer very much your senior. Every effort is being made to send down to you the troops of our command and the returning veterans of Mower's division.

I shall continue to urge the horses and material forward as fast as can be done, so that the cavalry now disorganized may be fitted up for the campaign. I would advise you not to put too much confidence in the cavalry at present about Memphis. From the breaking up of regimental organizations, the Smith retreat, and the carelessness of officers, they are far from being in good condition for an active campaign. As soon as the veterans return I wish the best regiments supplied with the Spencer carbine, which has been promised and I suppose will be there.

You will send me as soon as you possibly can a detailed statement of your acts since taking command, and your plans for action; also your present effective force of all arms. Advise me constantly day by day of movements and of what you learn from scouts, and hereafter send to telegrams direct to any superior officers. Send your information here and I will have it telegraphed if advisable to be done.

I shall be pleased to give you at all times every assistance practicable, and I will sustain you frankly in all energetic measures for the public good.

Do not move against Forrest at any distance from Memphis without sufficient force to beat him if you bring him to action. Of the amount of that force I will not assume to determine, as my opinion on that question has been called in question. If you do go or have gone when this reaches Memphis, the officer whom you leave in charge must look with special care to the south approaches to Fort Pickering.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 30, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiry of yesterday evening if Major L. F. Booth, late commander of Fort Pillow, had made any request or requisition on Major General S. A. Hurlbut, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, for re-enforcements, I have the honor to state that no information, verbal or written, was received at these headquarters that re-enforcements were desired at Fort Pillow, and the intelligence of the attack on the fort was not received until the evening of the 12th instant, some hours after the capture of the fort by assault. The last communication of any kind received at these headquarters

