
from Fort Pillow was a report from Major Booth, commanding, dated 3rd instant, in which the major states: "Everything seems to be very quiet within a radius of from 30 to 40 miles around, and I don not think any apprehensions need be felt or fears entertained in reference to this place being attacked or even threatened. I think it is perfectly safe."

General Hurlbut's written instructions to Major Booth were full and explicit. He was ordered to "act promptly in putting the work into perfect order and the post into its strongest defense. All information received send direct to me."

On 7th instant General Hurlbut sent two additional guns (10-pounder Parrotts) to Major Booth at Fort Pillow, with 300 rounds of ammunition.

It was the impression of every commanding officer that Forrest was aiming to cross the Tennessee River, either north into Kentucky or east into Middle Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cairo, Ill., April 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army and Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of this day of personal letter of instructions to me from Major General J. B. McPherson, of date of April 19. Where it has been delayed I do not know. I forwarded to Major-General Washburn official copy of instructions from Major-General McPherson to him, which he states never before reached him. I have ordered him to report to me, but have not yet received any reply. If Major-General Washburn reports so that I can exercise supervision over movements against Forrest I will do so, but I rather imagine that he considers himself just now in a sort of independent command. I learn indirectly that he proposes to move to-day from Memphis. What force he takes or in what direction I am not advised.

I have placed the Fifty-second Indiana and Twenty-first Missouri, returned veterans of A. J. Smith's division, at Columbus.

General Prince in a day or two will be strong enough for offensive operations as far as it can be done by infantry.

The Eighth and Twelfth Iowa, returned veterans of Mower's division, go to Memphis to-day, and I have, in pursuance of orders from General Sherman, directed all my cavalry at Saint Louis to be forwarded to Memphis, horses to follow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, April 30, 1864.

Captain PENNOCK,

U. S. Navy, Cairo, Ill.:

One gun-boat is now done, and three more are nearly ready. If the admiral can send us commanders, petty officers, and engineers we can undertake to supply here the crews. We also can supply

