
provisions and all material; also guns and ammunition of army pattern. I want the river above Muscle Shoals patrolled as soon as possible, as it will set free one local garrison.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., April 30, 1864.

Colonel C. J. TRUE,

Commanding Second Brigade, Mount Sterling, Ky.:

The general directs that you send an expedition consisting of three companies in direction of Prestonburg and beyond, with instructions to kill and capture all rebel bands found on the route. Let the men carry sufficient rations on pack-horses and in haversacks; also forage on pack mules or horses. The commanding officer will be instructed not to interfere with property belonging to citizens. You will also send scouting parties through Bath, Fleming, and Rowan Counties with same instructions. You will report the success and operations as soon as these expeditions return, and all information that you may receive before they return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, April 30, 1864.

General ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville:

At last, after I have started to open a desperate campaign, the Secretary of War denies me the services of a chief quartermaster. Well, I must do the best I can with you at Louisville. Donaldson at Nashville, and Easton here. The confusion in the wagons of Memphis illustrates how important it is I should have a chief near me. One division of white troops will remain at Vicksburg, one division at Memphis; all others will come to this quarter. All wagons, mules, and horses should take the same general course. Wagons, mules, and horses can best reach us here via Clifton and the Tennessee River, as long as the two divisions rendezvousing at Cairo are coming that way as escort.

All the furloughs are out, and these troops should now be all en route. After they have come the way will be safest from Louisville to Nashville, &amp;c. Events won't wait for me to be all ready, but I must act when others are ready.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 11. Nashville, Tenn., April 30, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced as acting inspectors-general of this army, and will be respected accordingly:

Brigadier General John M. Corse, U. S. Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel Charles Ewing, assistant inspector-general, Fifteenth Corps.

