
DALTON, March 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. MORGAN:

The orders in regard both to yourself and your troops are from Richmond. I regret them very much, but have no power to modify them.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, Ala., March 1, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to call to your attention the importance of a change in the administration of the Conscript Bureau within my department, and to request that the management and control of the affairs of that bureau be intrusted to me.

The present arrangement I find exceedingly inconvenient and embarrassing. Officers have been assigned temporarily to duties connected with the Conscript Bureau taken from the army which I command. Their services are now required by their commands, yet it present assignment and order them to the field. So with the troops of that department (most of them belong to my army) that were ordered force. Under the operation of the present system they are now beyond my control, not to be recalled by me even in an emergency. I respectfully submit that this should not be so, but that the officers and men of this bureau should reported to me and be subject to my authority.

There is a large amount of conscript material within my department. By an energetic and judicious prosecutes of the work our army here many be largely increased and strengthened within the next sixty days. An officer remote from the field cannot control the machinery of such a system, whatever his abilities, as one immediately at hand, with a full knowledge of all the facts and familiar with the condition of the people and the wants of the service. It is a most delicate and at the same time a most important task. Upon its faithful and successful execution hang in a great measure the destinies of the country. We must have more fighting men.

Should you see proper to confide to me, as I think should be done, the management and control of the Bureau of Conscription within my department, I feel satisfied that it will be so administered as to secure the happiest results within the shortest practicable period.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 27. Dalton, Ga., March 1, 1864.

General Johnston brings to the notice of the army the gallant conduct and fidelity to his trust of Private Charles Rening, Fifteenth Tennessee Regiment. Posted as a sentinel on the 29th instant [ul-

