
timo] at the depot in Dalton, he was surround by 200 disorderly soldiers, who threatened to force his guard and seize the stores. Finding that they could not persuade him or intimidate, they prepared to force the door, when Renig cocker his gun, took the position of ready, and notified them that he would shoot the first man who attempted it. This defiance was met by threats of instant death if he fired, but he coolly answered that he would kill as many as they could. By his the crowd arrived and drove them off. Private Rening has set an example worthy of imitation by his comrades, and entitled himself to this to this public acknowledgment from his general.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

Numbers 31. Dalton, Ga., March 1, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding desires to say to the officers and men of this corps that though he comes among them a stranger he trusts they will not be strangers long. He has come to share their hardships and their dangers, their pleasures and their triumphs. The welfare of the command will be the object of his most anxious solicitude. To fight it successfully in the day of action is his highest ambition, but the history of war teaches that two-thirds of the elements of success in battle consists in preparation for it. He will therefore expect from all prompt and cheerful compliance with orders and the requirements of discipline, and a cordial co-operation with him in his efforts to carry this corps to the highest point of military efficiency.

A short period will perhaps elapse before the opening of the campaign. Let us employ each day with singleness of purpose in perfecting our drill, our organization, and our discipline, and we may confidently await the trial of arms.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hood:

ARCHER ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

Numbers 32. Dalton, Ga., March 1, 1864.

I. The following officers of the general staff are attached to these headquarters:

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Sellers, assistant adjutant-general, chief of staff.

Lieutenant Colonel Archer Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, chief of the adjutant-general's department.

Major J. P. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general (on temporary duty)

Lieutenant Colonel E. H. Cunningham, assistant adjutant-general chief of the inspector-generals' department.

Major A. C. Avery, assistant inspector-general.

Major J. W. Ratchford, assistant inspector-general.

Major M. B. George, chief quartermaster.

Major E. H. Ewing, quartermaster.

