
room anchors have been sent to Fort Morgan, sufficient to justify you in pushing on the work with all possible energy. So soon as some progress will have been made in the preparation of these sawyers the necessary teams and forage will be sent to you.

You will please intrust Captain Gallimard with the construction of the work on Dauphin Island, and superintend in person the construction of the channel between that point and the west bank. For Fort Powell sixteen torpedoes of this class and a number of General Rains' torpedoes are deemed sufficient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 62. Demopolis, Ala., March 2, 1864.

I. Brigadier General A. Buford is relieved from duty with Major-General Loring's division, and will report to Major-General Forrest for assignment.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, March 3, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your letter of the 17th January, which by some means has been detained in the mails or elsewhere until now. As I find in it you advert to a matter which I regard of great importance to the public interests, to with, the transfer to this too, in that connection you think, with me, that "Northern Mississippi offers us the best base of offensive operations," I take the liberty of sending you a copy of a letter* I addressed some days ago to division, and indicate why I deem it expedient and the uses to be riled out and with good results. Hoping you might find it convenient to let me have the troops asked for,I remain, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., March 3, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor, by the direction of the President, to forward the following copy of a telegram force General L. Polk,

---------------

*See Part II, p. 813.

---------------

