HEADQUARTERS, Greeneville, East Tenn., March 5, 1864.

General A. R. LAWTON,Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Can't you make arrangements for supplying us abundantly with corn, &amp;c., by stopping the use of the railroad for any other than army purposes for forty days? It seems to me that it is almost essential to our safety. If we can make a telling campaign early in the spring we may be able to get an honorable peace in a short time; if we do not, the war will in all probability be prolonged, and no one can tell what may be the result. It will require extra exertions on your part, but I hope that it may not be impossible.

An effective campaign, early in the season, will have greater effect upon our people and upon our cause than anything they may happen at a later day. If we can break up the enemy's arrangements early, and throw him back, he will not be able to recover his position nor his morale until the Presidential election is over, and we shall then have new President to treat with. If Lincoln has any success early he will be able to get more men and may be able to secure his own re-election. In that event the war must go on for four years longer. Do let us all exert ourselves to the utmost of resources to finish the war in this year. I know that you are working hard and to great advantage now, but I have an idea that men are seldom worked to the utmost of their capacity, and if you are not I desire to urge you up to that point.

I remain, very respectfully and truly, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Arteria, Miss., March 5, 1864.

General CHALMERS,Starkville:

You will move your entire command to the vicinity of Tibbee and Mayhew Stations and report to me in person at Columbus to-morrow. Send my escort and headquarters wagons with Morton's battery direct to Columbus.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 54. Richmond, Va., March 5, 1864.

* * * *

VII. Brigadier General Francis C. Armstrong, Provisional Army, C. S. (cavalry), is relieved from duty with the Army of Tennessee, and will proceed without delay to Demopolis, Ala., and report to Lieutenant General L. Polk, commanding, &c., for assignment.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

