
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA.

Numbers 41. Demopolis, Ala., March 5, 1864.

Information having reached the lieutenant-general commanding that there is a large class of officers and men in this department who, by wounds received in battle and other causes, are disabled for active field service but capable of other and lighter duty, it is ordered that all such officers and men, whether belonging properly to this department or not, report without delay at the rendezvous to be established at Demopolis, Ala.

Their services should not be lost to the country. They will be encamped at Demopolis and assigned to useful and appropriate duty, as the requirements of the Government may demand.

Commanding officers throughout the department, in the field as well as at posts, will see to the execution of this order, which is not intended, however, to apply to such as may have been heretofore assigned to duty on surgeons' certificates.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 65. Demopolis, Ala., March 5, 1864.

* * * *

IX. Brigadier General. T. H. Taylor will proceed to the District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana, relieve Colonel Dillon of the command of that district, and report to Major-General Lee.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA,Numbers 11. Montgomery, Ala., March 5, 1864.

I. Brigadier-General Pillow is assigned to the command of the cavalry of this district. He will organize d it into regiments and brigades with the least possible delay.

II. By order of the Secretary of War, he is directed to organize also all the supporting companies of the volunteer and conscript bureau in Alabama and Mississippi not retained by Colonel Preston. He will also, under the same authority, include the two companies of Captain Bibb, and under authority of Lieutenant-General Polk he will embrace in the organization Captain Lewis' squadron.

By command of Major-General Withers:

D. E. HUGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

