
I am very anxious to make my move about the 1st of April, if I can get the number of animals that I require. I regret that I have not advised you of this sooner so as to give you more time for consideration, but the matter has been before the Government some time would approval or disapproval or disapproval. I was in hopes that a decision would have been made long ago, so as to enable me to advise you in time to allow you more time to help me in.

I am, general, very respectfully, and truly, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Greeville, March 7, 1864.

Mr. W. H. BATES AND OTHERS,Jonesborough:

GENTLEMAN: Your letter of the 4th instant to Lieutenant-General Longstreet has been received.

He directs me in reply to assure you of the regret with which he learns of the unlawful and importer conduct of any of the troops his army,and you are right in believing that it is his desire that such license as you refer to should be effectually checked and the guilty parties punished. Such disposition will be made of the information given by you as may best apply a remedy for the evils set forth.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Greenville, March 7, 1864.

Colonel H. L. GILTNER,Commanding Cav. Brigade (through Major General S. B. Buckner):

The commanding general desires you to send out scouts to the flank and rear of the enemy, to ascertain what force he has at Mossy Creek and what there is at Strawberry Plains. The information should be as complete and accurate as possible, and is desired as soon as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

(A similar copy of same date was sent to General Vaughn.)

DALTON, March 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

Greenville, Tenn.:

Yes is the answer to your cipher. The enemy's forces occupy the Ringgold Gap.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

