
DALTON, March 7, 1864.

General WHEELER:

Have you any information as to the passes in Taylor's Ridge, north and east of Cleveland, and whether the enemy are holding or observing these. I congratulate you on your late success.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE THE STATES, Richmond, March 7, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: Since my letter of the 4th instant I have seen the returns from your artillery organization is entirely charged form what I left it.

My tabular report, with recommendation for the appointment of field officers, I am told at the Adjutant-General's Office, was sent to you after I left the army for your approval and has not since been returned. Let me suggest that you attend to this matter immediately. It will be as well, too, for you to take measures to secure horses as soon as possible, and without waiting for action here, as I am confident but little can be done.

Should General Pendleton not remain with you I hardly know who to suggest. Lovell was on of the best artillery officers in the old service, a good judge and fond of good horses, which is a qualification Alexander is specially deficient in. J. G. Martin, now a brigadier in North Carolina, was a good artillery officer in the old service. So was Lieutenant-Colonel De Lagnel, now on ordnance duty here.

All diligence should be used by your staff department in getting forward supplies and in preparing your transportation and bridge train. The enemy is not prepared your transportation and bridge train. The enemy is not prepared for us, and if we can strike him a is proposed has long been my favorite, and I trust our efforts may give you the means to accomplish what i have ardently desired but never had the ability to undertake.

Communicate your wants to me freely, and I will do all I can to give you strength and efficiency. We must necessary encounter privations and hardships and run some risk, but the end will justify the means.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

Numbers 36. Dalton, March 7, 1864.

I. The attention of division and brigade commanders is called to the evil results that may follow from their officers and men having wrong impressions in regard to being flanked by the enemy; much care should be taken to instruct them in this matter.

II. A division commander occupying the extreme flank of a line of battle should, if attached on the extreme flank, change front of

