
daily, besides 15,000 rations more for posts, hospitals, &amp;c., making in all a daily call for 85,000 rations. According to General Hardee's information to me personally, and that of other officers just down from that army, there were but 40,000 men present the other day with their standards. There have been so many abuses in overdrawing, though incorrect returns, that I desire these conflicting statements to be laid before the Secretary of War, in order that a special report may be furnished me by the adjutant and inspector general of General Johnston's army, so that we may have some check against overissue. We have no surplus on hand to waste.

Yours, most respectfully,

J. L. LOCKE,

Major and Chief Commissary.

[Indorsements.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL, March 16, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General for investigation as to the correctness of this.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General J. E. Johnston, who is requested to cause this matter to be investigated and to report the result.

The returns of the Army of Tennessee show that 85,000 rations daily are more than necessary for the subsistence of that army.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, April 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Hardee, who will please inform General Johnston whether his name has been properly used for this report.

W. W. MACKALL,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Greenville, March 8, 1864.

I am directed to notify you in the temporary absence of the lieutenant-general commanding the command of the Department devolves upon Major General Buckner.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 42. Demopolis, Ala., March 8, 1864.

All officers and men in this department who have been assigned to duty on surgeon's certificate of disability for field service are

