
from Chattanooga, because I would not be warned of his approach. If consistent with propriety I would be pleased to know what other points in my vicinity are occupied by your troops. I only know that General Johnson is at Tyner's Station, General Davis at McAfee's Church, and Colonel Harrison with a small cavalry force 8 miles on my right. Should my left be turned I would not know where to march in roader to receive support. I amy mention in the same connection that the only map I have been able to procure of this country is the Coast Survey map, which gives none of the details of the country.

I have made repeated application to the engineer department for maps, but have always been told that none have been completed as yet. I know that such maps exist, but I have not been able even to borrow one. My topographical officer is absent with a broken leg and I can do nothing toward preparing one. Indeed, I have not the information requisite.

A party of officers arrive here to-day bearing a flag of truce. I happened to know one of the party, Major Davies, of the Pay Department, and he assured me that the flag was sent out by you, but as the officer in charge has no pass from you I reminded him that any party of offices might pass out of the lines on the same pretext. I field sure that the party was what it represented itself to be and permitted it to pass. It is now absent. I was informed yesterday that a rebel division of infantry had taken position half a mile this side of Tunnel Hill, and last night lights were seen there and drums heard. Humes' cavalry brigade is between here and there. A good supply of forage and rations is arriving, but the roads are becoming bad rapidly.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., March 1, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding 3rd Division, 14th Army Corps, Ringoold, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your communication of this date addressed to Major-General thomas has been received, and he has directed me to reply to the same.

Brigadier-General Johnson was this morning ordered to send one brigade to Graysville and observe Parker's Gap.

Colonel Harrison, with the Thirty-ninth Indiana, Twenty-eighth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, and Second Kentucky Cavalry, is at Pea Vine Church.

General Davis' division is at McAfee's Church, and General Johnson's division, less the brigade at Graysville, is at Tyner's Station.

Should you be attacked by the enemy in force greater than you can successfully resist, you will burn you stores and fall back toward Chattanooga.

The flag of truce you speak of was doubtless one sent form these headquarters under charge of Colonel J. W. Burke, Tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, although I do not think permission was given to any officers to accompany it. Colonel Burke should have been able to

