
quest that the troops now there who belong to this department may report to me here. Their services will be much needed. Many of the troops belonging to this department are beyond its limits, and those within it are hardly adequate for its defense.

I again respectfully request that the boundaries of this department to the east and south may be defined.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

General COOPER:

Saltville is placed on the map in Washington County, which, under the last order defining the Department of East Tennessee, would bring it within General Longstreet's command.

The order assigning General Jones does not mention Saltville but does the railroad, a copy of which was furnished General Breckinridge.

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, March 9, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

Our intelligence from Mississippi is to the effect that Sherman's troops have gone to Vicksburg and transports have been sent down the river to that point. Are they destined from Mobile or Chattanooga? I think the latter.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, VA., March 9, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Demopolis, Ala.:

Major General M. L. Smith has been assigned to duty as Chief of the Engineer Bureau at Richmond during the absence of Major-General Gilmer. You will order him to report in person immediately.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

DEMOPOLIS, March 9, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

I call your attention to a communication from headquarters to General Cooper, of the 3rd instant,* also at another to the Secretary of War, of the 29th ultimo,+ and urge the suggestions contained in these as indispensable to the order, security, and efficient administration of this department. I have been in command now long enough to comprehend and appreciate its wants and to perceive its weakness, and to be held responsible for its management I should be clothed with all the power necessary to success.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See p. 580

+See Part II, p. 814.

---------------

