
DEMOPOLIS, March 10, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

At last accounts Sherman had reached Vicksburg with his army, having retreated in haste and suffered loss in transportation and troops from the vigorous blows of Lee's cavalry. He suffered at Yazoo City from an attack upon that place also by the joint forces of Ross and Richardson. I hear that empty transports came down Mississippi River a few days ago, supposed to take Sherman's army up stream. I will keep you advised of his movements as they reach me.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DALTON, GA.,

March 10, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose to you two letters, one sent to the President and one to General Bragg. You well know how often I have expressed my views to you, and I inclose to you the within so as to get your assistance, provided you think it best. I believe you feel that I have the interest of my country at heart, and I know you are confident that I have written these letters in through friendship an good feeling. I am an earnest friend to the President and am ever willing to express to him my ideas in regard to the approaching campaign. There is more depending upon our coming campaign than ever before, and I want the troops concentrated. General Grant's great point is to overpower by numbers. We should be prepared to meet him. He will never move upon us until he has an overwhelming force. I am very much pleased with the condition of our army, as I expressed to the President. After the enemy concentrates his force our chance of success will be in having an opportunity to strike him in case he should divide his force. But we have a sufficient number of troops, if thrown together, to defeat his entire army, and I think it all-important that we should make certain of it. I hope you will think of this matter, and I shall be delighted to hear from you.

Believe me, most sincerely, your friend,

J. B. HOOD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

DALTON, GA., March 7, 1864.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: I have delayed writing to you so as to allow myself time to see the condition of this army. On my arrival I found the enemy threatening our position. I was, however, delighted to find our troops anxious for battle. He withdrew after taking a look, and is now resting with his advance at Ringgold. I am exceedingly anxious, as I expressed to you before leaving Richmond, to have this army strengthened so as to enable us to move to the rear of the enemy and with a certainty of success. An addition of 10,000 or

