
given up to the enemy. We shall be compelled to concentrate here sooner or later. We can never relieve our country by crossing the Potomac, as my experience has taught me that whenever the attempt is made we will be defeated.

If we can get the troops now under Polk and Loring, and it is known that General Longstreet would be allowed to go with us to the rear of the enemy, I think we might feel certain of success.

I think the question is naturally divided into two parts: First, if we can concentrate and fall upon the enemy before he is ready we shall beat him badly and regain our lost territory; second, if he masses his forces and we fail to do so we shall finally be forces back from our present position. After we are defeated I fear it will be too late for us to attempt to bring together our scattered forces, us there would not be number to give new life to this army after another defeat.

I take this to be our true condition, and I hope you will give it your earnest through. I have written this letter after observing matters here and much though upon it.

I am, general, yours, most truly and sincerely,

J. B. HOOD.

DEMOPOLIS, March 10, 1864.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

I telegraphed you on the 8th in reply to yours of the 7th in regard to a force of cavalry for the special service you indicated. As I have received no further instructions I fear my telegram may not have reached you.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA.,

March 10, 1864.

Major General JOHN H. HORNEY (through General Polk):

GENERAL: I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to inform you, in response to your communication of February 27, 1864, requesting assignment to duty, that your gallantry and efficiency are highly estimated by the Department, but that there are at this time no less than 15 general officers unassigned, some of whom have long been waiting for orders and for whom there are no commands vacant suitable to their rank.

Under these circumstances the Department cannot assigned you to a command at this time, but will take pleasure in doing so whenever the state of the service will admit of it.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, March 10, 1864.

General FORREST,

Columbus, Miss.:

General Armstrong has orders to report to me. Left La Grande to-day. I will order him to report to you immediately on his arrival.

