
I have repeated my nominations of Bell and McCulloch and Russell for brigades. I will add Thompson. keep me advised of your movements. Write me the reasons for relieving the officers named in your dispatch of to-day.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Columbus, March 10, 1864.

Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: If nothing occurs to prevent, will leave here on Monday next with General Buford's division and four small pieces of artillery. Will get from the First and Forty-third Mississippi Infantry about 100 horses. Will need 150 horses to complete the four batteries, and 150 more for mounting the three Kentucky regiments under Colonel Thompson. I have also about 200 men of Chalmers' and Buford's divisions without horses, most of whom lost their horses in the recent engagement with the enemy.

My scouts report six regiments of Federal cavalry moving from Memphis to Nashville, and that there are no Federals on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad east of Germantown. Scouting parties, however, are sent out daily.

Hurst is still reported in West Tennessee, and a portion of Jackson and Brownsville have been burned by his men.

Will order six companies of Colonel Forrest's regiment, under Captain Warren, to Marion County, Ala., to protect the foundries, &amp;c., against tories and deserters. Will also send Colonel McCulloch, commanding Chalmers' division, with the brigade now here with orders to divide his command and breast the country from this toward Memphis and Panola, arresting all stragglers and deserters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Columbus, March 10, 1864.

Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor respectfully to forward you a copy of letter received from Brigadier General James R, Chalmers, and to state that I have relieved him from duty with my command and ordered him to report to the lieutenant-general commanding for assignment.

I am satisfied that I have not and shall not receive the co-operation of Brigadier-General Chalmers, and that matters of the smallest moment will continue, as they have heretofore done, to be a source of annoyance to myself and determined to the service, and, holding myself responsible to the proper authority for all orders I have or may hereafter issue, I deem it both necessary and beneficial that we should separate.

39 R R - VOL XXXII, PT III

