
MORRISTOWN, March 13, 1864.

Colonel ISRAEL GARRARD, Commanding Cavalry:

You will be guided by orders from General Stoneman as to the force on Russellville road and report directly to him. I send this note so at to run no risk of misapprehension.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

MORRISTOWN, March 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

SIR: The commanding general directs that Klein's cavalry be ordered to make a reconnaissance this evening toward the mouth of Burt Creek, to ascertain whether any changes have been made in the enemy's position or force. Colonel Klein is supposed to be at Springvale (or McFarlane's), where he was ordered to take position this morning, and where, after his reconnaissance, he will remain for the night unless otherwise ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Morristown, March 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Klein is ordered to report to and receive orders from you so long as he remains in front of your command.

This is explicitly stated to him, to remove some apparent misapprehension as to his relation to Colonel Garrard's command. The company of Colonel Garrard's now in front of General Ferrero will be removed in the morning, and you will please make your arrangements to dispense with its service, relying wholly on Colonel Klein for cavalry that direction.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Morristown, March 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX,

Chief of Staff, Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: The following dispatch from Willcox was received in absence of General Parke. I was about to forward it when I learned that General Willcox had arrived and was them at department headquarters:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Sulphur Springs, March 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Two reliable Union men, Johnson and Talley, who were arrested by the rebels in Blount Country, taken to Greeneville, and after some confinement in the jail, were sent to Johnson's division and put in Sixty-third Tennessee, have just come in.

