
Hoping that the lieutenant-general commanding may be able to place Brigadier-General Chalmers in a position more congenial to his haste and wishes than the one he now occupies, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MAYHEW, MISS.,

March 10, 1864.

Colonel T. M. JACK:

General Forrest took my only tent from me and gave it to his brother. I wrote him a letter which he considered disrespectful, and he has relieved me from my command and ordered me to report to you. I have asked for a court of inquiry and to be restored to my command. I ask permission to remain in North Mississippi until my application is answered.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY.

Mayhew Station, March 10, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: On the 8th instant I was deprived of the tent which I was then using, and the only one in my possession, by order of Major-General Forrest, commanding this cavalry department. I therefore addressed a note to him, a copy* of which is inclosed. To-day I have been relieved from my command and ordered to report to Lieutenant-General Polk, which order I shall obey under protest. I respectfully ask for a court of inquiry upon my conduct in the matter, and that I may be restored to my command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Mayhew Station, March 10, 1864.

Brigadier General R. V. RICHARDSON,

Commanding Brigade Cavalry:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say to you that General Forrest orders you remove from Grenada to the Tallahatchie River, near Abbelville, as many of the boats or pontoons now at Grenada as may be necessary to construct a bridge across that river. The bridge will be constructed near the railroad bridge, and will be completed as rapidly as possible. The pontoons will be transported from Grenada to the river by railroad.

Your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

