
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 43. Demopolis, Ala., March 10, 1864.

I. All authority heretofore granted for the impressment of slaves is hereby revoked, except that delegated to F. S. Blount, chief agent of impressment, which is still in force.

Slaves will hereafter be impressed only by authority given at these headquarters on requisition. Without such directs authority no impressments whatever will be permitted.

II. With the view of promoting the efficiency of the military police of this department, it is divided into districts as follows:

First. The State of Mississippi is divided into four district, to wit:

First District will comprise all that portion of the State west of the Mississippi Central road and north of the southern Railroad, with a chief provost-marshall, whose headquarters will be at Grenada.

Second District will comprise all that portion of the State west of the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad and south of the Southern Railroad, with a chief provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Jackson.

Third District will comprise all that portion of the State east of the Mississippi Central Railroad and north of the Souther Railroad, with a chief provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Columbus.

Fourth District will comprise all that portion of the State east of the New Orleans, Jackson and Georgia Northern Railroad and south of the Souther Railroad, excluding the counties of Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson, which are attached to the Fourth District of the State of Alabama, with a chief provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Meridian.

Second. The State of Alabama is divided into four district:

First District will comprise the counties of Lauderdale. Limestone, Madison, Jackson, Franklin, Lawrence, Morgan, Marshall, De Kalb, Cherokee, Blount, Winston, and Marion, with a chief provost-marshall, whose headquarters will be at Blountsville.

Second District will comprise the counties of Fayette, Walker, Jefferson, Saint Clair, Benton, Randolph, Talledega, Shelby, Bibb, Tuscaloosa, and Pickens, with a chief provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Tuscaloosa.

Third District will comprise the counties of Sumter, Green, Perry, Autauga, Coosa, Tallapoosa, Chambers, Marengo, Dallas, Lowndes, Montgomery, Macon, Russell, and Wilcox, with a chief provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Montgomery.

Fourth District will comprise the counties of Choctaw, Clarke, Washington, Mobile Baldwin, Monroe, Conecuh, Butler, Pike, Barbour, Henry, Dale, Coffee, and Covington, with a provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Mobile.

The three southern counties of Mississippi, viz, Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson, are attached to this district.

III. That portion of the State of Louisiana lying east of the Mississippi River will form a district by itself, with a chief provost-marshal, whose headquarters will be at Clinton, La.

Iv. Major J. C. Denis, provost-marshal-general, authorized to assign provost-marshals to the district above enumerated, as the exigencies of the service may require.

by command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

