
DEMOPOLIS, March 12, 1864.

General RUGGLERS,

Columbus, Miss.:

General Cooper replies: "I know of no assignment that can be made of General Rugglers; have many general officers off duty waiting assignment, but there are no places for them." To disembarrass you of the announce of your present position, I have directed you to be relieved and ordered to await orders. You will turn over the command to the commander of the post, or if there be no commander, then to Colonel Richard Harrison, of the Forty-third Mississippi.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY COMMAND,Columbus, March 12, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours yesterday; am glad to know that Brigadier-General Armstrong will report to me.

I regretted the necessity of relieving Brigadier-General Chalmers, but his letter addressed to me, a copy of which I have forwarded you, speaks for itself. He has never been satisfied since I came here, and being satisfied that I have not had and will not receive his support and co-operation, deemed it necessary that we should separate. I must have the cordial support of my subordinate officers in order to succeed and make my command effective, and holding myself responsible for all my acts and orders to the proper authority, have forwarded his letter, also his application for a court of inquiry. I hope you may be able to place him where he will be better satisfied than with me.

Brigadier-General Richardson is relieved on account of charges preferred against him by Colonel Green, and is ordered to report to you at Demopolis.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,

Columbus, March 12, 1864.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Division:

COLONEL: You will send the First Mississippi Partisans up the railroad as far as Corinth, with orders to breast the country from thence to Holly Springs, south of the memphis and Charleston Railroad, and from thence to Oxford. You will send also another battalion or regiments as far up as Yazoo, with orders to move west and south of the tallahatchie River to Oxford; you will also send another command from Starkville through Choctaw, Chickasaw, Yalobusha, Panola, and La Fayette Counties. You will order the officer in

