
command of the above troops to breast the country, and arrest all men found absent without proper leave; also all men subject to conscription. They will also collect all squads and unattached companies of cavalry, and report with them to your headquarters. You will take your wagon train with you, also your dismounted men, to Oxford, also the wagons belonging to Colonel Duckworth and McDonald's battalion, leaving ten of your best wagons in charge of a competent wagon-master to be repaired and fitted up as an ordnance train. They will report to Major C. S. Severson, assistant quartermaster, at this place. You will leave a detail of 20 picked men to remain with and guard the ordnance wagons from this place to Oxford, directing your ordnance officer, so soon as the wagons are ready and loaded with the ammunition, say 40 rounds to the man, for your division, to move with them to Oxford. You will instruct your ordnance officer to make requisition for 40 rounds of ammunition for your division. Leave one squadron under a competent officer two days behind you, for the purpose of gathering all stragglers and men who may be left behind of your command. All the stragglers and conscripts that may arrested in Tippah, Tishomingo, Itawamba, and Pontotoc Counties you will send to this place; the others order taken to oxford. All absentees and deserters from other commands you will have forwarded to the provost-marshal at this place, to be sent to their respective commands.

Impress upon the officers commanding the regiments sent out to scour and breast the country to do the work thoroughly and catch, if possible, the men who are going through the country and impressing and stealing horses without authority. You will send out and scout thoroughly in the direction of Memphis. Should the enemy move after me you will follow in his rear, and communicate with me. Establish a courier-line form Waterford to Saulsbury, and one from Oxford to Pontotoc, to connect with a line established by General Gholson from Tupelo to pontotoc. You will re-open the telegraph office at waterford, so that dispatches can be sent you at Oxford; also to Panola via Grenada.

In the absence of any move of the enemy on me, use your discretion as to any operations in your front. You will order one commissioned officer from each regiment of General Richardson's brigade to report to my headquarters at Jackson, Tenn., or wherever they may be, with complete lists of all absentees from their respective regiments.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA.,

March 12, 1864.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Greeneville, Tenn.:

Has General Law been arrested by you? If so, send the charges immediately to this office for action.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

