
They left Greeneville on Wednesday. Longstreet had his headquarters there at that time. Johnston's division was on Lick Creek, about 2 1\2 miles this side of Midway. It was understood among the rebel soldier that there was a force at Bull's Gap; as many there as anywhere. The whole number of Longstreet's force under stood to be from 20,000 to 30,000. They had not heard of any being sent out of the State. The transportation had been cut down and surplus wagons sent to Lynchburg. Johnston's men expected to be mounted. The railway trains run as usual. One span of Zollicoffer bridge had been destroyed and repaired. Colonel Klein vouches for the men.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. WHIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRISTOWN, March 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps:

SIR: On reaching camp at this place please send a messenger to General Willcox, about 4 miles out on Mouth of Chucky road, to inform him of your arrival. He will then move his force in and your grand guard will protect that road.

By command, &amp;c.:

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

WOODVILLE, ALA., March 13, 1864.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Immediately on receipt of General Logan's dispatch yesterday I sent messengers to Clatsville with orders to have scouting parties sent out; one of the parties crossed near Town Creek and found no boats building and no troops there but patrols.

Information, supposed to be reliable, places the garrison at Guntersville at two companies, Colonel Norman commanding post. My party at Claysville could discover no indication of an increase of rebel force.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TYNER'S, March 13, 1864.

General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

A deserter came in to-day; left Dalton on 3rd; reports 40,000 infantry at and near that place; three brigades of cavalry at Tunnel Hill. Rolley confronts Harrison. Deserter will be sent down; name. Farris, Thirty-ninth Georgia; was paroled at Vicksburg; belongs to Cumming's brigade, Stevenson's division, Hood's corps. Hood is at Dalton. All quiet near me.

R. W. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General.

