
DEMOPOLIS, March 13, 1864.

General PILLOW, Montgomery, Ala.:

I find the President prefers the proposition first made by General Cooper. General Clanton, therefore, will not go. You will prepare three companies from Alabama to join those from Mississippi, which will move as soon as practicable. Telegraph me their names, strength and where they are now, and how soon they can move. Colonel Lockhart asks me so earnestly for Lewis' squadron that you must let him have it and take something else in its place. Telegraph him that you will do so.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Canton, Miss., March 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis, Ala.:

COLONEL: I arrived here two days since; have nothing special to report. The enemy committed many ravages in this country; on their line of march they took or destroyed everything; they carried off every animal and some 8,000 negroes (men, woman, and children); they burnt every vacant house and destroyed furniture, &amp;c. The destruction is really frightful. General Jackson got here in time to stop their pillaging or rather confining it to the road on which they marched. The people are badly whipped and much depressed. Large amounts of cotton were run into Vicksburg during our absence from this country and the enemy got much Government cotton. Many of the citizens sold the Government cotton; have arrested several engaged in it.

The enemy have disposed of their forces as follows:

The disposal force, excepting the garrison of Vicksburg and the regiments sent on furlough, have gone on an expedition up Red River. I do not think a move on Mobile is contemplated at present. My command is now recruiting; it is much jaded and broken down. Ross is opposite Yazzo City, Starkenear Livingston, Ferguson near Madison Station, Adams near crystal Springs.

There is no enemy on the Yazoo. I ask to be informed as early as practicable as to the contemplated spring campaign, so I can commence to operate on the river as early as practicable should it not interfere; it will take several weeks to recruit my command.

I inclose, general, the endorsements relative to the seizure and confiscation of wagons, &c., engaged in trade with the enemy.

In the particular case referred to, Mr. Day applied to me and to General Johnston for his wagons. It was positively refused; in repairing the wagons I obeyed General Johnston's telegraphic and verbal orders, as is shown by the copies. The indorsement of the Secretary of War reflects on me. I consider this rather harsh, when as a soldier I was obeying orders.

Please send me written orders relative to the trade, confiscation, &c., as the order now in force is the telegram of General Johnston, and it is my duty as my pleasure as soldier to obey all orders and carry out the policy of my superior.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

