HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Greeneville, Tenn., March 14, 1864 - 5.30 a. m.

Brigadier General J. B. KERSHAW, Commanding Division:

The commanding general desires you to put your division in motion at once and march to the vicinity of Midway, where you will camp to-night. You may select any point in its vicinity that you may deem best for a temporary camp and for the purpose of giving to the troops in front all the support that may be required. Colonel King's battalion of artillery will not at present move with you. If the reports from below become more threatening it will be sent down to rejoin you.

The commanding general will be to-night at Blue Springs, some 2 or 3 miles from Midway. Please let him know there the point you select for your halt.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,March 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,

(Care of General Cooper, Richmond, Va.):

The enemy moved up from Mossy Creek to Morristown on the 12th, and their main infantry force is reported as now lying 2 miles east of Morristown. they are reported to have had an accession of 1,200 fresh cavalry from Kentucky. Their pickets have been advanced and strengthened. The pontoon bridges at Strawberry Plains and the railroad bridges at Strawberry Plains and Loudon are reported compelled. The intentions of the enemy are not fully developed. Kershaw has been moved to midway.

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, March 14, 1864.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

General Forrest relieves General Chalmers for alleged cause, and orders him to report to department headquarters. the latter obeys under protest. My decision is that the former has exceeded his authority, notwithstanding precedents quoted. It is referred to the War Department. please answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, March 14, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Dalton, Ga.:

the following dispatch received from General Lee, dated-

CANTON, March 13, 1864.

from the 2nd to 6th instant twenty-two boats passed up passed up Mississippi River to Vicksburg. Opposite Port Gibson, on night of the 6th, thirteen boats, supposed to be loaded with troops, went down Mississippi River from Vicksburg. Sherman is reported in

