
General S. D. Lee reports, Canton, March 13, rumored that expedition is fitting out at Natchez for red River. Most of Sherman's force gone up red River; Furloughed regiments gone up Mississippi.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

MOBILE, March 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Spies report many troops sent in sea steamers from New Orleans for Florida; about 15,000 in all. Saturday, 5th, he saw 2,000 embark on steamer Mississippi, drawing 18 feet of water. Sherman in New Orleans on 4th; crazy.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Madison Station, March 14, 1864.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant adjutant and Inspector General:

MAJOR: I received the order directing me to move my command below raymond at 6 o'clock this evening, and shall march at an early hour to-morrow morning.

I sent report of recent operations of my brigade to Captain Moorman this afternoon and hope it has reached you.

I inclose you herewith two letters* received to-day from William Haley, sheriff of Copiah County, one giving information of the shipment of corn down Pearl River, as he supposes for sale to the enemy, and the other giving information of a notice or handbill posted in Bahala by deserters or other disloyal parties. Bahala is no the railroad, 10 miles below Gallatin.

I have received information to-night that disloyal men living on the Yazoo River 10 to 20 miles above Yazoo City are engaged in ginning the cotton on colonel Field's and other plantations for the purpose of selling it to the enemy. i have instructed Lieutenant Moore, whom I send to-morrow morning with a small detail after some deserters from captain Yerger's company, to arrest or shoot the scoundrels engaged in this business.

A gentleman direct from Port Gibson informs me that Ellet's marine brigade returned to Rodney on Saturday last. They have been engaged for some time past, during the absence of General Lee's command, in hauling off Government cotton from the interior, of which they have secured a large supply. They doubtless intend resuming this lucrative business. From 500 to 1,000 bales were also taken from the lower part of Hinds and upper part of Claiborne Counties by small parties of Yankees during the absence of our cavalry.

This gentleman reports that Sherman with a number of transports filled with troops passed down the river last week.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

