HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Madison Station, Miss., March 14, 1864.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

MAJOR: I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the recent occurrences constituting subjects of grave complaint on the part of those who suffered by them and of the universal condemnation on the part of the citizens of the country, and calculated seriously to injure the character of his command.

On the night of the 4th instant a party of 5 men belonging to Lieutenant baker's scouts seized a wagon while passing through Clinton, filled with hospital stores sent by the Federal authorities at Vicksburg to the Federal wounded at jackson. This was done notwithstanding the earnest protest of Colonel John Duncan, in charge, who made an explanation of all the circumstances of the case. The wagon also contained dry goods another articles of considerable value, purchased by ladies residing within the Federal lines and sent to their friends in Jackson. All these supplies, both public and private, were taken by the parities seizing them to Raymond and appropriated to their own use. In this act of highway robbery the following-named men belonging to Lieutenant Baker's command are said to have been engaged: Tucker, Allen, Cobb, Williamson, and Smith.

On hearing of this lawless proceeding, I immediately sent Lieutenant O'Callahan and 10 men to arrest the parties engaged in it, and recover, if possible, and return the articles stolen to the parties to whom they were consigned. this order Lieutenant Baker refused to respect, and still holds both the stores and the goods, or has appropriated the latter to the use of his command.

Two or three days subsequent to this occurrence Ticker and Allen were sent with two ladies, Mrs. Askew and Miss Askew, to headquarters at canton. They detained these ladies all night in a camp on the road, offered them every indignity, and are supposed to have violated one or both of them. The ladies themselves complained that every indignity was offered them.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

EDINBURG, LEAKE COUNTY, MISS.,

March 14, 1864.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: At the risk of being adjudged presumptuous, I have resolved to offer you some facts and suggestions. I do so because I know that you cannot know the status of the public feeling and mind in every locality, and the extent to which they are drifting. Mississippi is in a most deplorable condition, and is rapidly tending to the most deplorable disgrace. Very many of the middle class, a large number of the more intelligent, and nearly all of the lower class of her people are drifting to the Yankees. The more they are abused by the Yankees, the more they strive to go with them. These

40 R R - VOL XXXII, PT III

