
HENSAL,

Chief of Scouts:

Send some of best men south into mountains and make arrangements with Union men living there to go to Rome, Atlanta, Montgomery, and Selma and see what is going on there.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 13, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army and Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 11th instant, * inclosing copies of letters from Lieutenant-General Grant, is just received. Brigadier General L. Thomas stopped here one day and is at present in Natchez, but I am expecting him back soon.

I had some conversation with him in relation to protecting plantation and told him I could place one or two regiments of infantry and a battalion of cavalry (colored) at Goodrich's Landing. This he thorough would be amply sufficient for the present on the west side of the river. As soon as he returns I shall have a more full and complete understanding with him and endeavor to harmonize matters.

That portion of the Red River expedition from here got off in time, and when last heard from was at the mount of Red River. I doubt extremely whether the large transports and first-class gun-boats will be able ascend very far.

Jackson's cavalry division is back between the Big Black and Pearl Rivers, in nearly the same position as before we went out. A report was brought in yesterday that Lee, with 13,000 infantry, had arrived at Canton, and that they were going to make an attempt to hold that portion of the State at all hazards.

The report also stated that Polk had been relieved; that Loring had been thrown from his horse and killed. I do not credit them, but have sent scouts out to Canton to see if any infantry has followed us back.

I will carry out you instructions in regard to furloughing veterans as fast as possible, having an eye to the safety of the posts on the river and keeping the navigation open. As soon as I can learn something definite in relation to the strength and movements of the enemy I will arrange the garrisons for this place and Natchez, nd then proceed to Memphis and see Major-General Hurlbut.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 13, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN BROUGH,

Governor of Ohio:

SIR: I take great pleasure in informing you that every regiment from your State serving in the Seventeenth Army Corps has nobly

---------------

* See p. 55.

---------------

