
suggest, too, for consideration the magnitude of the outfit required for such a march, in order that the proper departments in Richmond may be urged to great exertion. Everything required must be taken from this point - ordnance stores for a campaign and food for man and beast for our army - to Madisonville, and for both thence until we can gather provision in Middle Tennessee; in all, eighteenth or twenty days. A great additional quantity of field transportation will be required.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,En route for Eat Tennessee, March 16, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanidng, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you a copy of a letter just finished to the President. As it expresses my ideas more fully than I expect to be able to do, I send it that you may give it much confederation as it may merit. I do not know what is most likely to be done. The President and General Bragg seem bent upon a campaign into Middle Tennessee. they may adopt my proposition, however, and move Beauregard and myself into Kentucky by Pound Gap. I think it the strongest effect that has been attempted during the war and have confidence in its resulting in a speedy peace.

General Lee came down to assist me in having it adopted, but we do not know yet what will be done. All agree in the idea that we should take the initiative. If I were with you I am satisfied that we could work out great results, but it would be by a slower and much more tedious and difficult process. The result I have no doubt of, however, if there is anything in Middle Tennessee to feed our troops upon.

The President is excepting to hear from you soon, and I believe that this is his reason for inaction at present.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,En route for East Tennessee, March 16, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your favor of the 7th instant.

The army now occupying a portion of East Tennessee has been obliged to depend entirely upon the resources of the country for subsistence stores and for forage, and in some measures for clothing. To hold a part of the State which could supply the wants of the army we were obliged to occupy a line very near the enemy.

The line from Danridge, on the French Broad, across the Holston near Mossy Creek, was selected as necessary to our subsistence. The enemy occupying Cumberland Gap to our right and rear, it was necessary that we should have a considerable cavalry to watch any

