
come forward and enlisted s veteran volunteers, thus giving fresh proofs of their patriotism and of their determination to stand by their determination to stand by their country until the last armed rebel has surrender to the invincible power of our American Government.

The campaign into the heart of secession, from which they have just returned, required the service of these regiments, and they accordingly have been prevented from availing themselves of their furloughs at an earlier date, while regiments from other commands have been sent home, absorbing the recruits and filling up their organizations.

With this view I earnestly request that every effort be put forth by Your Excellency and the people of Ohio in behalf of these regiments.

The best interests of the service require that men with a record so brilliant as that whit they have won for themselves in the Army of the Tennessee should receive every attention at the hands of their friends at home.

The country needs such men; the organization of these regiments should be preserved, and they come home to you with the firm resolve to use every effort to that end.

I sincerely hope that they will not be disappointed, but that they will, at the expiration of their furloughs, return to the Seventeenth Army Corps, their ranks bearing testimony to the loyalty and patriotism of the people and noble State of Ohio.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 13, 1864.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana:

SIR: I have the honor to report through you to the superintendent of recruiting service for furlough and reorganization the Twenty-third and Fifty-third Regiments Infantry, the only regiment from your State being in my command.

They come to you with the record brilliant in everything that makes up the reputation of the accomplished and gallant soldier. They have not come home sooner for the reason that the military operations in this portion of the army required their services. I believe, sir, their record in the field, and the necessity of preserving to the Government their organization, will overcome any disadvantage under which they may have to labor by reporting so long after regiments from other commands have been furloughed. Confidently relying in the interest of Your Excellency and the people of Indiana in the welfare of these men, I look forward with hope and exultation,t o the day when, at the expiration of their furloughs, these regiments will return to the Seventeenth Army Corps, with their numbers filled to the maximum, their organizations preserved, prepared to continue work until the rebellion is crushed and no traitor's foot pollutes the United States. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

