HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 13, 1864.

His Excellency WILLIAM M. STONE, Governor of Iowa:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that three fours of the men from Iowa in my command have re-enlisted as veteran volunteers, and that the Forty Iowa Cavalry, Eleventh, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Iowa Infantry have already been ordered on furloughs, to report through you to the superintendent of recruiting service for furlough and reorganization. While the veteran regiment from other armies have many of them been sent to your State, thus having the first opportunity to secure recruits, the exigency of the service required the men of the Seventeenth Corps in active campaign in the heart of the enemy's country, from which they have just successfully returned.

In behalf of these men of Iowa, who went without a murmur on the expedition, actuated by the same spirit of self-denial and patriotism which has ever characterized them, and with that gallantry which has won for the on many a bloody battle-field a reputation of which their State and country may be proud, I respectfully bespeak Your Excellency's peculiar interest, ungual exertion being required to preserve the organization of the regiments and to fill their commands up to the maximum.

I trust, sir, that every effort will be made in behalf regiments, and that I may be permitted to welcome them back to the Seventeenth Army Corps at the expiration of their furloughs with full ranks, prepared to win fresh laurels on new fields.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 13, 1864.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES, Governor of Illinois:

SIR: The following regiments from this corps belonging to your State have re-enlisted as veteran volunteers and will be ordered north to report, through, you, to the superintendent of recruiting service for reorganization and furlough as fast as the exigencies of the service will permit:

The Eleventh, Twentieth, Twenty-eight, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Forty-fifth, and Fifty-third, the Thirtieth and Forty-sixth having already been sent on furlough, the letter regiment returning to this corps with full ranks, bearing evidence of Your Excellency's interest in their behalf and the determination of the people of Illinois to afford at every opportunity proofs of their loyalty and patriotism.

The anther regiments of the corps belonging to your State have come nearly up to the prescribed number, and I hope to announce the as veterans.

Every officer of every regiment is exceedingly anxious to preserve its organization, and I sincerely hope that Your Excellency will cause every exertion to be put forth to secure them in their wishes.

The State of Illinois and the country can ill afford to lose the service of the Illinois regiments serving in the Seventeenth Army Corps and Army of the Tennessee, with whose history they have

5 R R-VOL XXXII, PT III

