
I send this by courier, and request an answer by him. I hope you will make it as favorable a possible, as you are well aware of the difficulties always to be expected in such changes of the status of the troops. I have offered a bounty of $50 to all who volunteer for the war, and I hope you may be able to promise them efficient arms,

&amp;c. Their arms are indifferent.

McGuirk's regiment has some five month's pay due it; also for some 40 horses killed in action. You will much aid the transfer of that regiment by sending a paymaster to pay them for time and loss while in Confederate service.

The troops ale all good, and nearly all have served long, and are in as good state of discipline and sa effective as troops of the Confederacy. As State troops they cannot now be recruited, and it would be wrong to discharge them at the present conjunction. I hope therefore, that the arrangement proposed can be effected.

I hope also that you will, at the proper time, find it consistent with your sense or propriety to join in the recommendation of General Gholson as brigadier-general, as I shall most cordially do; but of course this is no part of the proposition of transfer.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

P. S.-I send Colonel McGuirk's regiment to General Gholson tomorrow to Buena Vista, and thence they will probably move, as General Forres, to Tupelo. Please to send the paymaster to them as soon as possible.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Aberden, March 15, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to say that General Gholson has returned here, and states that you are willing to turn over the State troops under his command to the Confederate States. I have promised, if possible, to make him a brigade of 1,800 men, and recommend him to be appointed its brigade commander.

I respectfully suggest, therefore, that General Gholson be ordered and authorized to reorganize the State cavalry and fill up and consolidate the commands into full regiments, and then to turn them over.

I desire to give, or that by this arrangement General Gholson shall have, a large Mississippi brigade, for which I desire to fit him up a battery, &c., but confider it of the first importance that the regiments shall be full and well officered and organized, and that it be done as early as practicable. I desire the brigade to defend this portion of the country, and will keep it in this section unless ordered away by the lieutenant-general commanding this department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

