
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI STATE TROOPS,Near Buena Vista, Miss., March 17, 1864.

His Excellency ChARLES CLARK,

Governor, &amp;c., Macon, Miss.:

GOVERNOR: Since the interview between you and myself relative to the transfer of the State troops to the Confederate service I have seen Major-General Forrest, and herein inclose his letter to you expressing his views and wishes on the subject. My command at present consists of Colonel McGuirk's regiment, aggregate, 325; Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry's regiment, aggregate, 350; Major Ham's battalion, aggregate, 320; Major Harris battalion, aggregate. 177; grand total effective, 1,172.

This is the number of effective man, but the muster-rolls show 1,968, and perhaps the effective force can be raised to 1,300. I thinks it can. There are also several companies organized under your late call, but have not officially report, and are not included.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. GHOLSON,

Major-General, Commanding State Forces.

GREENEVILLE, March 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

You dispatch of 12th is received. General Law is in arrest by my order. The charges will be forwarded as early as possible.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

Demopolish, Ala., March 18, 1864.

To the Citizens of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana:

The commanding general of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, in order to the more effectual organization of a system for the procurement of labor, orders as follows:

First. All power of impressment of slave labor heretofore granted is hereby revoked.

Second. Impressments hereafter made will be under direct authority issuing from these headquarters.

Third. The system will be carried out by one chief agent, and to insure an intelligent and just exercise of this power his order will be executed through sub-agents, recommended by the governors of the respective States in which impressments are ordered.

Four. All applications for labor must be made to these headquarters, and must specify the number of slaves, the length of time, and the purpose for which required.

Fifth. Impressments will be made with a due regard to the amount of labor hitherto furnished, and the bunted to be borne in future will be equalized. No impressment of labor will be made for a longer period than sixty days, unless under stringed necessity; otherwise the laborers will de returned at the end of that period.

