
become so thoroughly identified and in which have played so prominent a part.

In view of the fact that regiments from other armies have been furloughed, and have in your in your State filled up their regiments, while the men of this command have been engaged in active campaign, the most strenuous efforts became necessary to secure to these regiments recruits sufficient to fill up their decimated ranks, and in behalf of these regiments, who were so prompted to re-enlist and whose furlough have been so long delayed, I bespeak Your Excellency's interest and the earnest attention of the patriotic of Illinois.

I trust, sir, that no regiment from Illinois belonging to this corps will, from want of men to fill up its ranks, lose its place in the grand army of the Union, but at the expiration of their furloughs I may welcome them again to the proud places which they have won for themselves in the Seventeenth Army Corps, where have ever stood among the first in everything that makes up a gallant and efficient command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 13, 1864.

His Excellency J. T. LEWIS, Governor of Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to report, through you, to the superintendent of recruiting service for reorganization and furlough every Wisconsin regiment belonging to this command eligible to re-enlist as veteran volunteers. This includes the Twelfth, Fourteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry and the Second Wisconsin Cavalry. The Fourteenth Wisconsin has already returned, bringing with them the fruits of their labors, assisted by Your Excellency and the patriotic people of Wisconsin.

I sincerely indulge the hope, sir, that the other regiments from this corps reported to you, although delayed by active operations in the field, where they have added fresh laurels to those already won in many a bloody campaign in the Army of the Tennessee, will receive at your hands and the people of your State such care and attention as will secure their return at the expiration of their furlough to the Seventeenth Army Corps, their organizations complete, prepared in future to add new glory and honor to that already won to their State and country by the gallant sons of Wisconsin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 14, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 1.30 a. m., 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

All is quiet on the front. Schofield telegraphs from Morristown that he is running cars to that place. The enemy occupies Bull's Gap in some force. They have certainly sent a division of cavalry into Georgia and a division if infantry to Virginia.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

