
claiming themselves "Southern Yankees," and resolved to resist by force of arms all efforts to capture them. My orders were very stringent,and very summary measures were taken with such as were captured, and with marked benefit to many of the rest. Some escaped to the bottoms on Pearl River, swearing they would return with Yankee re-enforcements; others were brought to reason and loyalty, and have come in and surrendered themselves. I have today dispatched another expedition from this place to the counties of Smith and others lying on Pearl River, to break up an organization which has been formed there, and with has halt three public meetings. I shall not stop until these outbreaks suppressed and their authors punished, but it would be far, better for the Government to dispose of its military resources in such a way as to prevent them.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to General Bragg for consideration and remarks.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 26, 1864.

No doubt many abuses exist in the administration of the department to which this communication refers; but the remedy I conceive to be in their correction, not the inauguration of a new and less perfect system, Such was my effort in Tennessee, which the general seems to have misapprehended.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, Tenn., March 21, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Ala., Miss., and Est La.:

COLONEL: I forward, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding the inclosed statement of outrages committed by the commands of Colonel Fielding Hurst and others of the Federal Army.*

I desire, if meets with the approval of the lieutenant-general commanding, that this reports may be sent to some newspaper for publication. Such conduct should be made known to the world.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAV. DEPT. OF WEST TENN. AND NORTH MISS.,Jackson, March 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival of my advance at this place on yesterday morning at 11 o'clock, and deem it proper

---------------

* See Forrest to Buckland, March 22, p. 117.

---------------

