
from the citizens of Jackson, under a threat from Hurts to burn the town unless the money was forthcoming at an appointed time. Have also demanded that the murderers be believe up to Confederate authority for punishment, and reply from that officer as to the demand, &amp;c., will be forwarded you as soon as received. Should the Federal commander refuse to accede to the just demands made, I have instructed the officer in charge of the flag to believe the notice inclosed * outlawing Hurst and his command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Jackson, Tenn., March 20, 1864.

Colonel R. McCulloch,

Commanding Division, Oxford, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am direction by the major-general commanding to say that he will move on Union City and Paduch, and has forwarded your orders to send Richardson's brigade to Brownsville. He directs also that you move the remaining brigade of your division up as near to Germantown as possible, keeping on hand five days' ration ready it be cooked at a movement's notice. The general commanding thinks you can move over to Waterford; at any rate, move as far over as you can subsist your command, and be ready for a forward movement should the enemy move after me from Memphis, or further orders be sent you. Should it become necessary, or you be ordered to move, you will leave one regiment to guard the country and your wagon train, and bring with you only such wagons as may be necessary to carry your extra ammunition and as few cooking utensils as will do your command. He directs me also to say that the force of the enemy at Paduch, Columbus, and Union City is reported as small, and that he will move on Union City at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Forrest.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST TENN. AND NORTH MISS.,Jackson, Tenn., March 21, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT McCULLOCH,

Commanding Division:

COLONEL: You will order richardson's brigade to move via Hudsonville and La Grange or Moscow, direct to Brownsville. They will move five days' cooked rations, and 60 rounds of ammunition to the man, if possible to get it; not less than 40 rounds in cartridge-boxes, bringing no more wagons than will be necessary to bring the extra ammunition, if any. The commanding officer of the brigade will dispatch of courier to these headquarters at Jackson,. stating the time, &c., that the command will reach Brownsville, starting the courier as soon as the command passes La Grange or Moscow.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

W. N. MERCER OTEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Forrest to Buckland, March 22, p. 117.

---------------

