
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Dalton, Ga., March 21, 1864.

The infirmary corps of the army will be formed by selecting 3 good men oft each 100 effective, including in the selection all musicians suitable for the purpose.

A non-commissioned officer will be put in charge of the detail of each regiment and a commissioned officer will be placed in command of that of each brigade. The officers and non-commissioned officers will act under the instructions of the surgeon of the brigade and the surgeon of the regiment. The officers and non-commissioned officers will only be armed.

By command of General Johnston:

A P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 22, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding &amp;c.:

GENERAL: To man efficiency and at once the vessel of the navy it his become necessary to transfer 1,200 man from the armies. To this end the Secretary of the Navy has detailed officers with instructions to proceed to the headquarters of each army for the purpose of selection and designating the men so to be transferred. From the Army of Tennessee 170 men will be designated, when you are requested to transfer to the navy upon the written request of the naval officer sent to your command, and under his direction to send 150 to Savannah, Ga., and 20 to Saint Marks, Fla.

You will please forwarded a list of the men so transferred to this office without delay.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant an Inspector General.

(The same mutatis mutandis to Longstreet, Maury, and Polk. Army of East of Tennessee, 80 men to go Kingston, N. C.; District of the Gulf, 55 men to Columbus, Ga., and Army of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, 55 men to Columbus, Ga.)

DALTON, March 22, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond:

In my dispatch of 19th I expressly accept taking offensive, only differ with you as to details. I assume that the enemy will be prepared for advance before we are will make it tour advantage; therefore, I propose as necessary both for offensive and defensive to assemble our troops here immediately. other preparations for advance are going on.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Greeneville, Tenn., March 22, 1864.

Colonel IRA R. FOSTER,

Quartermaster-General of Georgia:

COLONEL: Your letter to Lieutenant-General Longstreet, by Mr. C. A. King, agent, was presented simultaneously with the 3,000 suits

