
him our horses would perish. Let me assure you that I shall never lose any opportunity to do all that can be done. The enemy fled the day before I could get my troops disposed so as to advance, but if he had not the want of supplies would have prevented my intended attack.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 82. Demopolish, Ala., March 22, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong will report to Major General S. D. Lee for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., C. S. A., ADJT., AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., March 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Commanding Army of Mississippi:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to call your attention to the law repealing the act to organize banks or partisan rangers, published in General Orders, Numbers 29, current series. It is the policy of the Department to use this law to place, as early as the circumstances of special commands and the interest of the service will allow, the partisan organizations on the same footing with those of the Provisional Army. Your co-operation in this respect is sought and relied on. I there are any companies of partisan rangers within your command, serving the lines of the enemy, whose discipline, gallantry, and good conduct would make it expedient they should be retain as partisans, you are desired to recommend them for retention. Should, in such cases, you deem it advisable that other of different conditions should be prescribed for their continuance and control, you will please suggest them, with the reasons therefore, for the consideration of the Department.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Mouth Hope, Ala., March 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this point on the 14th instant, since which time I have arrested a number of deserters from my own as well as other commands. The field is a good one, and I am satisfied that I shall be able to recruit my command greatly in a short time, as well as return to duty many deserters belonging elsewhere. I found the enemy in possession of a portion of the Tennessee Valley. On the 21st instant they were

