
RICHMOND, VA., March 24, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK, Demopolish, Ala.:

The President desires that Twenty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel A. E. Reynolds, and the First Confederate Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Forney, both of Adams' brigade, be transferred to the Army of North Virginia and assigned to Brigadier General Joe Davis' brigade.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 84. Demopolish, Ala., March 2224, 1864.

* * * * *

XI. Major R. C. McCray, Thirty-eight Mississippi Regiment, will operate with his command in the section of country below the Southern Railroad and between Pearl River and the Mississippi, collecting all stragglers and deserters and placing them, when necessary, in jails of the different counties.

* * * * *

XIV. Captain Estelle, commanding detachment Thirty-eight Mississippi Regiment, will report with his command to Major R. C. McCay at Jackson, Miss., for orders.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-Colonel Polk:

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 24, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I append herewith an order or circular issued by Lieutenant General L. Polk, which conflicts with Special Orders, Numbers 247, of October 17, 1863, issued by yourself in regard to Missourians, and attaching all east of the Mississippi River, and not in active service at that time, to the First Missouri Brigade, General Cockrell. Fearing this circular of Lieutenant-General Polk might produce a conflict of interests, and be considered to attach to Missourian who come through by the exchange and are sent on to Cockrell's brigade by me to be temporarily attached, although belonging to organizations in the Trans-Mississippi Department, I therefore respectfully ask that General Polk's circular, as far as it applies to Missourian, may be suspended, as conflicting with the said Special Ordes, Numbers 247.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. BEVIER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Recruiting Officer, Cockrell's Mo. Brigadier

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 28, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Call General Polk's attention to the order respecting Missourians to be attached temporarily to General Cockrell's brigade, and request that this order be os modified as not to conflict with it.

J. A. S.

