
Johnston, and the department of Alabama. Mississippi, and East Louisiana, under Lieutenant General L. Polk, the following will govern, viz: From Gunter's Landing, on the Tennessee River, in a direct line to Gadsonen, on the Coosa River; thence down that river to its junction with the Tallapoosa River; thence in a direct line to intersection of the northern boundary of Florida with the Chattanoochee River, and down that river and bay to the Gulf. All west of said line will be considered in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, and east of the from the northern boundary of Florida at its intersection by the Chattahoochee River in the Department of Tennessee.

* * * * *

XVIII. Colonel A. E. Reynolds, of the Twenty-sixth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Forney, of the First Confederate States Battalion, Adams' brigade, Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, will immediately proceed with their commands to headquarters Army of Northern Virginia and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to Brigadier General J. R. Davis' brigade.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, March 25, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond:

The enemy is rapidly received, re-enforcements at Ringgold. A scout, an officer, reported last night that he saw four trains of troops arrive there night before, and citizens told him they had been arriving so for five days, agreeing with Louisiana papers. For a battle they can also draw troops from Knoxville, so collecting a larger force than that of last campaign. Ours is less. We should be re-enforced immediately. Troops can be spared from Mobile. Those at Demopolis are useless there or in Mississippi. Further delay will be dangerous. I don't know what General Beauregard can spare.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, GA., March 25, 1864.

General WHEELER, Tunnel Hill:

General Johnston desires you to use every means in your power to gain further information in regard to the movements of large bodies of infantry toward Nashville by rail.

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 25, 1864.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Greeneville, East Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of March 15 [16] has been received. Although a discussion of past events was not invited by me, yet as they are introduced by you in connection with future operations I reply in regard to them.

