
small, as well as too remote from Mobile and Charleston, to effort them the requisite assistance in the probable event of attack. Furthermore, General Beauregard has not indicated that the troops in his department can now be withdrawn to any considerable extent. The difficulties of making the junction of your corps with the army of General Johnston are admitted, but if, as you suppose, the enemy cannot be prepared to move before May, he ought not to be able to interfere seriously with the propose movements to unite the two wings of the Army of Tennessee.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

Dalton, Ga., March 25, 1864.

The infantry corps will not be included in the "effective total." Privates will be reported on "extra duty;" musicians as heretofore By command of Lieutenant Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS,

Numbers 44. Dalton, Ga., March 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel Arched Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, having been relieved from duty with this corps, pursuant to orders from the War Department, all communications for the lieutenant-general commanding will be addressed to Major J. P. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hood:

J. H. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 85. Demopolish, Ala., March 25, 1864.

V. Colonel A. E. Reynolds, Twenty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, will proceed with his command to the Army of Northern Virginia for assignment to the brigade of Brigadier General Joe Davis. he will leave an officer behind charged with the duty of collecting and carrying forward the absent of his regiment.

VI. Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Forney will rejoin his command, First Confederate Battalion, at Cahaba, Ala., and proceed with it to the Army on Northern Virginia for assignment to Brigadier General Joe Davis' brigade.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

