
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., FORREST'S CAV. DEPT.,

Numbers 8. Oxford, March 25, 1864.

In obedience to orders from the lieutenant-general commanding department, the undersigned resumes command of this division.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

MOBILE, March 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

News from New Orleans 18th instant. Yankees met with sever reverse near New Iberia. Two regiments reported captured. All gun-boats except eight have left for Red River. This reported that Fort De Russy was taken by assault on 14th instant. Not credited. On 18th instant Colonel Holland, Thirty-seventh Mississippi, attacked the enemy on Chatawhatchie Bay, and entire boat crew, about 25, killed and drowned. No loss on our side. He captured over 500 head of cattle and some 20 horses.

DABNEY H. HAURY,

Major-General.

GREENEVILLE, TENN.,

March 26, 1864.

Major General R. RANSOM, JR.,

Ia there any truth in the report that the enemy is at Morristown?

If he is there the commanding general desires the movement suspended, and wishes you to notify Generals Field and Johnston of it. Please advised us to-night by telegraph, in order that the troops here may be stopped if the report is correct.

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENEVILLE, TENN.,

March 26, 1864.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Commanding District of Western North Carolina:

In reply to your communication of the 16th instant, which has been under consideration by the lieutenant-general commanding, I am directed to say that your views are concurred in by him, and you are authorized to take the that you propose to Judgment the forces for the protection of your district.

I send you inclosed herewith an order* for the object in view. The operations of the man Kirk, of when you write, should be checked. Could you not captured or disperse his party by attacking him simultaneously on both sides? It would be useless to attack only on one side and leave the other open.

The detachment of a large force of our make it necessary for the army to occupy a shorter line. The line of the Holston has

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

