
been selected and the movement will begin of Sunday, as indicated in General Orders, Numbers 33, which I have sent you.

The headquarters of the commanding general will be established at Bristol.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

I would like to be informed of who will remain in command of your district.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Greeneville, Tenn., March 26, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General R. RANSON, JR.,

Commanding Cavalry:

I am directed to say that the movement of the army to the north side of the Holston, as indicated in General Orders, Numbers 33, from these headquarters, is suspended until Monday, the 28th instant. The reported presence of the enemy at Morristown make this necessary. If the reports of the enemy's advance should prove correct we will not be able to move on monday, as now contemplated. Meantime the commanding general desires you to retain Colonel Dibrell until more is known, and he also wishes you to send, os soon as you shall learn that the enemy has advanced toward Morristown, scouts down to the flank and rear of his force, to get between him and the river, and learn by observation and from citizens reliably and accurately what is the enemy's position and force. You had better send these scouts out at night after you find the enemy near Morristown, and endeavor to receive their information as quickly as possible, to enable the commanding general to make his dispositions.

If an opportunity offers we will seize ot to strike the enemy a blow.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GREENEVILLE, March 27, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The main force of the enemy's cavalry is at Mount Sterling, under General Sturgis. It would be better to keep the brigades left by General Martin here. They are under orders to move on Tuesday.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Greenville, Tenn., March 27, 1864.

Major-General RANSOM,

Commanding Cavalry:

I have the honor to inclose you herewith a communication* received this afternoon from Colonel Dibrell. I inclose also a letter* from a

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

