
I don't know as yet the grand strategy, but on arrival at Nashville I will soon catch the points and advise you. Steal a furlough and run to Baltimore incog., but get back and the part in the next move.

Write me fully and frequently of your progress. I have ordered the quartermaster to send as many boats as he can get to facilitate your movements. Mules, wagons, &amp;c., can come up by transient boats.

I am, truly, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN.,

March 14, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Order the Ninth Army Corps to Annapolis, Md., as soon as possible. This will necessarily make your operations defensive, until you can have forces forwarded to you. I have expected 10,000 Indiana troops before this, which will go to your department when they do arrive.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, March 14, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

General Burbridge seems to be doing so well in kentucky that I think he had better be retained permanently in the command of the district. General Ammen can be assigned to the command intended for Burbridge.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Shellmound, Tenn., March 14, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Eleventh Army Corps:

There are three hills running nearly in a north line and nearly parallel to the course of the river some 600 yards above the railroad brigade, the first and third being about 500 yards apart, all of about the same height. The hill nares the brigade has a small earth-work upon it, constructed by Major Hoffmann last fall.

If a redan were placed upon each upon each of the second and third hills, with the gorges open to the first, the position would hold the valley toward Hog-Jaw Ridge and the good road leading to these hills from the north, but to hold would require at least three or four more regiments than are now there.

This I would suggest; but not wishing to work the men more than is necessary,nor knowing the importance which may be attached to the position, I respectfully ask from the major-general commanding the corps whether it would be worth while to construct those works.

