
a member,a nd makes the following divulgement of their proceedings, signs, pass-works, and oaths. They swear not to any aid or comfort to a Confederate soldier, nor give any enrolling officer, or any one engaged in the Conscript Bureau, and satisfaction, aid, or

comfort, nor to write any of the secrets or signs of the society upon paper, earth, or earthenware.

The sign: When you meet a man walking salute him with your right hand closed, the thumb pointing back behind the shoulder.

If he is all right he grasps his own left hand with his right,t he knuckles of the right up, these of the left down. They then look one another in the eye and the right foot with a small strict or other article; after this is done, one party picks up a small stick, breaks it in pieces with his right hand, and throws them over his left arm. This gives the other party to understand that he can speak of any secret matter whatever connected with the order. When in a crowd three carelessly on the right leg will signify to the other party that your are all right. If on horseback, the sign is giving the bridle-reins (holding them in your hand) three slaps toward the right hand.

Pass-would: If in prison or in the guard-house, repeat the word "Washington" four times, and you will be released within twenty four hours. When approaching a Yankee guard-post, after being halted and challenged, you say "Jack;" the sentinel replies, "All right, Jack, pass on with your goose-quills." In line of battle the sign is to place the gun against the right at about an angle of 45 degrees, holding in this position long enough to be distinguished then carry the piece to the left shoulder in position of Scorr's "shoulder arms".

Mr. Meroney reports that the enemy have a secret line of spies from Tennessee to Tallapoosa Country, Ala., through the instrumentality of the secretary of this society.

The following enrolling officers and members of Conscript Bureau are members of this society, viz: Lieutenant John F. Musgrove, conscripting officer, lives 5 miles from Blountsville, Ala. he gives passes to deserters good for twelve months. Lieutenant Wilkerson, commanding rendezvous at Blountsville, gave Meroney three passes at pleasure. Clark Livingston, enrolling officer, lives in Winston Country, Ala.; James Ooten, enrolling officer, who belong to this league in North Alabama whose names are forgotten.

The following citizens and deserters from our army are numbers of the society, viz: Allen Reive (citizen), lives in Walker Country, Ala.; J. Martin (deserter), lives in Blount Country, Ala.; William Chamble (deserter, postmaster at Sapp's Cross-Roads, Walker Country, Ala.; K. Gambol (deserter), Yankee spy, Blount Country Ala., John Gambol (deserter), Yankee spy, Blount Country, Ala. Wesley Prentice (deserter), Yankee spy, Blount Country, Ala., Joe Crutcher (conscript), Blount Country, Ala.; Polk Hillman (deserter) Winston Country, Ala.; George Baker (deserter), Winston Country, Ala.; Mrs. Murphy (Yankee rendezvous), Winston Country, Ala.

Mr. Meroney states that with a regiment of cavalry the entire society could be captured in North Alabama. He knows the country, and would like to accompany the party as a guide.

Respectfully submitted.

B. J. HILL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshall-General.

