
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MONTGOMERY, ALA.,

March 28, 1864.

Colonel HARVIE,

Assistant Inspector-General:

The communications accompanying the dispatch by Lieutenant Safey are received. I have given the names of the enrolling officers mentioned as concerned to Lieutenant-Colonel Lockhart, commandant of conscripts, with the advice to order them to his headquarters, and when they arrive to have them placed in arrest and confinement. I have also given (sent by special courier) copies of the papers to Brigadier-General Clanton, who is at Blue Mountain on the railroad, with instructions secretary and promptly to arrest all the parties whose names are mentioned and have them sent under strict guard to this place. If possible to get the necessary papers prepared in time, courier will leave on boat for Selma to-night for Clanton's headquarters. I have information to-day from the river, and am advised that an officer called Major May has withdrawn the pickets from the river, leaving us without the means of knowing anything that is being done or any movements of the enemy. I through this measure, if ordered General Johnston, must have been done under some misapprehension as to other forces taking their places but I have as yet no command, General polk having failed to give me any command as yet, except a small force, less than two regiments (Clanton's and an unarmed regiment). I now suspect treason in that officer, nd suspect he is one of the "order." If I had a command I could not have the river picketed for the reason that General Johnston's department runs clear across this State, and includes all of the river that lies in Alabama. Under these circumstances I

think nothing can be done except for General Johnston to keep a watchful eve, a vigilant picket force all along on the river, and communicate with General Polk, urging him to increase the force on that front, and grant authority for this force to advance it the river, and renew his application to the Government to change the boundaries of the department so that force which may be ordered to protect the interior of Alabama may be charged with the duty of picketing the river.

I will communicate a copy of these papers and of this order to General Polk.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Russellville, Ala., March 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: On the day following my last report I changed the headquarters of my command from Mount Hope to this point. The enemy is small force occupy Decatur, 45 miles in distance from this place. As yet, on account if their close proximity, I have been unable to do much, but I am satisfied that before the lapse of many days the field will be open. In the mean time I shall work in my

