
rear very industriously and am confident that my labors will inure to the good of the service., There is a circuit of country some 20 miles in extent in my rear in which I propose to labor for the present. It is a poor, hilly section and I have reliable information which induced me to believe that it is filled with disaffected deserters and those liable to conscription. Loyal citizens to furnish me with a sufficient number of horses to mount men enough to hunt down and arrest men of the above description. I have availed myself of this offer to mount a portion of my command for that purpose. If in the opinion of General Polk would be to the interest of the public service to mount whole command I could easily accomplish it in a few days without ex-expenses to the Government.

I assure you that I shall spare no effort to accomplish faithfully the purposes of my mission here.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

S. S. IVES,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth Alabama Regiment.

DALTON, March 29, 1864.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: I respectfully report that Major-General Martin, on reaching Kingston, stated that his division was until for service on account of the condition of the horses Major-General Wheeler, who visited the troops, expressed the same opinion. The division has been ordered, therefore, to the district southwest of Rome, to put the horses in better condition.

Major-General Martin reported his efficient force to be 1,500 instead of 3,000, as you supposed it, and they required 600 arms.

I have seen a copy of a latter from Lieutenant-General Longstreet to the President, proposing an expedition into Kentucky by an army to be formed of his own and General Beauregard's troops. As you have given me permission to express my views in regard to such operations, I take the liberty of suggesting the importance of collecting into one army all the troops to be employed in Tennessee and Kentucky. it is very unlikely that the Federal troops in those States will from more than one. It would therefore put us at great disadvantage to divide ours into two.

Moist respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RICHMOND, March 29, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Having in obedience to instructions visited General Johnston;s army for the purpose of inspecting its artillery, and contributing under confederate with the general all that might lie in my power toward remedying any evils found existing and promoting its efficiency, I have the honor to submit the following report of duty discharged, facts observed,a nd arrangements made:

Leaving Richmond on the morning of March 8, and traveling un-

