
larly situated. The prevalent condition of the forces in nearly, if not quite, up the average seen at this season in most of our artillery animals on the fronts, where hard service and hard fare occur together. With the addition of about 500, soon to be furnished, I was assured by the chief quartermaster, they will be capable at an early day, I am satisfied, of effective service. With the exception of a few instances of ignorance or neglect in their treatment, evidences are decisive that reasonable care for them has been exercised. In good health, as in the main they appear to be, inured to hardship, they may be more confidently relied upon than many better-looking animals not thus seasoned. No serious anxiety need be left, I believe, respecting them. Arrangements are also in progress for keeping up a supply to meet casualties in battle and in marching. The main wants which I observed were a good chief to superintendent the whole artillery service of the army, one two sub-chiefs to direct the several groups of battalion, and on adequate system to maintain the arm in its full power, as well as to bring it thoroughly to bear in battle.

A battalion arrangement, designed to remedy some to the evil long observed as incident to the place of segregating batteries with brigades, had already been introduced, but it needed important additions and the presence of some superior officers to render it fully effective. Such complete system of administration I deemed it incumbent on me, after careful consideration, to recommend to General Johnston in the form of a memorandum of an order, a copy of which (marked B) is herewith furnished. On intimate personal knowledge of their eminent capacity, services, and merit in thais branch, I also recommended to General Johnston Colonel Thomas H. Carter, of the artillery in the Army of Northern Virginia, to be his general chief of artillery, with the rank of brigadier, and Lieutenant Colonel James Dearing to command one of the corps groups, with the rank of colonel., Colonel Beckham having been already appointed to command the other. Brigadier-General Shoup, said to be an excellent officer, was subsequently assigned by the Department, instead of Colonel Carter, to be General Johnston's chief of artillery, and his arrival at Dalton was daily expected when, having completed my work, I left there on the evening of the 21st. Of Colonel Dearing nothing has been heard. His serviced there, in the capacity indicated, would, if not more needed elsewhere, undoubtedly prove of great value.

Besides repeated conferences with the chief officers, and especially with General Johnston, and in addition to the documents (A and B) already referred to, i submitted to him a brief supplementary statement of my views, a copy of which (marked C) is also herewith given. In connection eighth these documents, and which that has been said herein, it leaves little to be added.

It therefore only remains for me to express the decided conviction which I received, that improvements indicated as speedy to be accomplished, the artillery of the Army of Tennessee will prove satisfactorily efficient, and capable of contributing, with due power, to the great results for which, under the Divine blessing, we may justly hope.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier General and Chief of Arty., Army of Northern Virginia.

