
Brigadier-General Geary, commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, came to the First Brigade of this division the other day and told Colonel Robinson, commanding solicitous about the first hill I have named; whereupon Colonel Robinson, without my knowledge, at once commenced the enlargement of the works upon the first hill, and it is now going on. Colonel Robinson did this, of course, for the interest of the service, and the word is an improvement, but I have instructed him to undertake nothing of the kind under either expressed or implied orders from any other than his proper commanding in the future.

The major-general commanding the corps told me that a part of Geary's division might soon occupy that position, in which case would it not be as well for that division to do its own word? Be good enough to instruct me to the above as early as possible, as the redans named would much strengthen the position it is is to be held.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HECTOR TYNDALE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

HUNTSVILLE, March 14, 1864.

Colonel BOWERS:

I have reliable information that all the rebel troops sent in the direction of Sherman and Mobile have returned to Dalton, and all the squads of home guards, &amp;c., except pickets on the river, are the direction of Granby. The enemy are certainly concentrating for some purpose.

JNO. A. LOGAN.

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Wodville, Ala., March 14, 1864.

[Major R. R. TOWNES:]

MAJOR: The extent and nature of the district assigned to me render it almost impossible to guard against a surprise by cavalry without the assistance of some mounted force. I therefore respectfully ask that one or two good companies of cavalry be temporally assigned to this division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WOODVILLE, March 14, 1864.

General MORGAN L. SMITH:

Learning that your mounted infantry is in pursuit of the rebel cavalry, I will say that I sent this morning one regiment of infantry, Thirty-first Iowa Infantry, toward Claysville.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

