
Report of Major M. Smith, commanding artillery, Hardee's corps-Continued.

II. RESPECTING BATTERIES-Continued.

L o s s e s S t r e n g h t .

Batter	 Guns.	 Trans	 Re-	 Armament	 Tota	 Aggr	 Agg

ies. 	 	 porta	 equipment	 .	 l	 egat	 reg

 	 tion.	 s	 	 pres	 e	 ate

 	 	 received.	 	 ent.	 pres	 pre

 	 	 	 	 	 ent.	 sen

 	 	 	 	 	 	 t

 	 	 	 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 	 	 	 abs

 	 	 	 	 	 	 ent

 	 	 	 	 	 	 .

Turner	 Three at	 None.	 Exchanged	 Four 12-	 89	 93	 120

's a..	 Shiloh;	 .	 two 6-	 pounders

 the	 	 pounders	 Napoleon

 teams	 	 for two	 s.

 being	 	 Yankee

 sent	 	 guns at

 after	 	 Perryvill

 Yankee	 	 e, and

 guns by	 	 obtained

 General	 	 other two

 Polk,	 	 Napoleons

 brought	 	 at

 off ten	 	 Murfree-

 guns	 	 sborough.

 from the

 field.

Folwer	 None..	 .do.	 .........	 ..do..	 116	 119	 155

's a.

Sweett	 One	 .do.	 Guns	 Three	 103	 107	 130

's a	 disabled	 	 exchanged	 12-

 at Rocky	 	 for	 pounders

 Ford.	 	 Napoleons	 Napoleon

 	 	 .	 s.

Semple	 One	 Three	 New	 Four 12-	 109	 114	 143

's a..	 captured	 wagon	 harness	 pounder

 at Murf	 s	 receive	 Napoleon

 reesboro	 captu	 ed and	 .

 ugh.	 red	 caissons.

 	 and

 	 lost

 	 on

 	 retre

 	 at.

Key's	 None..	 None.	 At time	 Four 12-	 61	 63	 81

b...	 	 	 parts of	 pounder

 	 	 harness.	 howitzer

 	 	 	 s.

Bledso	 One	 .do.	 Re-	 Four 12-	 80	 84	 111

e's	 abandone	 	 equipped	 pounder

c..	 d at Elk	 	 at	 Napoleon

 Horn.	 	 different	 .

 	 	 times

 	 	 with

 	 	 different

 	 	 articles.

Fergus	 Four	 ...	 Re-	 Re-	 95	 100	 195

on's	 guns and	 	 enquired	 enquired

d..	 three	 	 since	 since

 caissons	 	 Missionar	 Missiona

 .	 	 y Ridge.	 ry

 	 	 	 Ridge.

Howell	 Two 6-	 None.	 Received	 Received	 101	 105	 125

's	 pounders	 	 two	 two

a...	 lost at	 	 howitzers	 howitzer

 Lookout	 	 since	 s since

 Mountain	 	 Missionar	 Missiona

 .	 	 y Ridge.	 ry

 	 	 	 Ridge.

a Equipment and condition good.

b Equipment good, but knapsacks and haversacks need; condition good.

c Equipment incomplete, otherwise good.

d Need same few equipments; condition good.

III. RESPECTING EVILS TO BE REMEDIED.

The only disease at present among the animal is "scratches" and a few case of "scours", and some of the horses have vermin. For scratches, wash clean and apply soft soap and grease; also, blues tone, copperas, white-lead, poke-root, and red-oak bark have been used. For vermin a strong decoction of tobacco has proved efficacious, with sulphur riven in the food. The horses the past winter have been several affected a severe and fatal distemper (now not prevalent) strongly resembling glanders. Various remedies were tried without success. The horses on exhibition of first symptoms were removed from the other horses, as the disease was very contagious. Steps have been taken to procure a veterinary surgeon, the want of whom is much felt. Failure of supplies were at times reported up to February 12 (times about the present organization); since then none have been reported. No officers are reported for neglecting stable-calls, watering, or grooming. No improper use of animals. A stringent order is in force in this regiment that Government, horses are not to be used only on Government business.

