
These are systematically presented in the tabular reported (A) and in the memorandum of an order respectfully suggested (B). Beside these synopses, a few brief statements in addition may also be useful and therefore proper.

I. The transportation of your artillery is, I thinks, in a better then average condition; the wagons for the most part strong, and the animals quite serviceable.

Ii. With arrival of better guns, expected soon, the armament will be much improved and quite efficient, if not all that might be desired.

III. The horses, as is generally the case in our artillery service at the end of winter, owing to several depressing causes are for the most part comparatively thin; but they have been in the main obviously well cared for, are in promisingly good health, and being inured to hard service, may, with the additions indicates and expected at an early day, the Chief Quartermaster now assure me, be relied upon, i think, for efficient performance, however early it may be demanded.

IV. The officers, so far as brief acquaintance and limited inquiry authorize me to judge,a re earnest, capable, experienced, nd generally efficient, and the organization already arranged, with certain additions indicated, may be expected to bring out their best energies and to give the arm its full force. My own preference would have been for battalions of four batteries, authorizing two field officers to each; but as they had been already formed with three batteries, it appears best to retain them in that form and adopt the other elements of organization to that feature.

V. The promotions or assignments needed ought, it appears to me, to be made as soon as practicable. In completeness in provision for command may be a serious hinderance to through efficiency. It has not been practicable for me to acquire the exact personal knowledge to justify and special recommendation. Majors Courtney, Williams, hoxton,a nd Robertson are recommended by their immediate superiors; Captain Cobb should undoubtedly be made major; Captains Stanford, Slocomb, Darden, Dent, Lumsden, Garrity, and Barret are also commended by their commanders; there may besides be others equally deserving. The general chief of artillery will, on arriving, find this a point entitled to his early attention.

VI. In conclusion, my belief is decided that your artillery, thus adjusted and well commanded, will prove greatly efficient and powerfully contribute to the great victory which this army is, by the blessing of Providence, destined, I trust, to achieve at no distant day.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General Artillery, C. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,March 12, 1864.

Colonel HALLONQUIST:

COLONEL: Will you be so good as to furnish me for your command brief replies to the following inquiries:

I. Respecting officers.

