
produce an order from these headquarters directing him to take 3 rebel prisoners of war and turn them over to the rebel authorities within their lines.

I will refer that portion of your letter relating to a map to the engineers, that they may furnish you if able.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Woodville, Ala., March 1, 1864.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Huntsville:

Roddey's command, formerly at Warrenton, near Guntersville, and latterly at Gadsden, has left the latter place in a northerly direction with the intention, as was supposed by the men, of marching to Tunnel Hill, north of Dalton. The citizens on the other side of Tennessee consider the country between that river and Coosa virtually evacuated. There is nobody at Guntersville except two companies of State guards.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Judge Rick's Plantation, near Canton, Miss.,

March 1, 1864 - 11.45 p.m.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Copies of dispatches from Major-General Sherman received Also letter* from Major-General Butterfield station that Sooy Smith was in Memphis on Friday last. My advance division encamped at this place, reaching here after dark, and the remainder of the command about 2 miles farther back on the east side of a swamp. The bottom having fallen out, it became necessary to corduroy a portion of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, March 1, 1864.

Governor T. E. BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

The monorail of the senators and representatives ot the counties of Graves, Hickman, Fulton, McCracken, Ballard, Marshall, and Callway, to have the State of Kentucky placed in one district or department in order to insure greater uniformity in orders throughout the State, so far as they relate to citizens and the elective franchise, with your indorsement thereon, is received.

---------------

*See Part II, p. 478.

---------------

