HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, Tenn., March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he desires you to assume command of your division, and to move with the same to Brownsville, Tenn., via La Grange, keeping in communication with him by courier-line to Saulsbury. You will report to him the time that you will reach La Grange. You will bring only such wagons with you as may be necessary to transport your ammunition and cooking utensils. You will leave the Fifth Mississippi Regiment and Nineteenth Mississippi Battalion to scout the country in the direction of Memphis, and any movement of the enemy will be reported at the earliest moment.

Captain Rodgers will be allowed to proceed with the organization of his company, and when completed will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Crews. Six hundred prisoners are now in transitu for Corinth, and you will keep an eye that no move of the enemy is made to recapture them; and in case of any such movement, you will use every exertion to prevent its accomplishment, and communicate the fact to me at this place, and to officers in command of the guard from this point to Corinth, or from Corinth to Tupelo.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. MERCER OTEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, MISS., March 29, 1864.

Major J. C. DENIS, Provost-Marshal-General:

Information obtained from Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick, of One hundred and fifty-fourth Tennessee, recently commandant of post at Grenada, Miss.:

Blockade-running to and from Memphis and the northwestern and north central counties of Mississippi is carried on extensively and openly, no one, officer or citizen, interfering with it. The route taken generally is through Graysport and Coffeeville, on Mississippi Central Railroad, between Grenada and Oxford, and across to Mississippi River, where cotton is shipped, or by way of Panola and Hernando to Memphis. Colonel Patrick was informed by one person that he saw 250 bales of cotton pass through Panola. Colonel Chalmers was heard to say at Panola that he had no particular orders about the matter. A doctor from Memphis, who was recently in Grenada, told Colonel Patrick that he never before saw so much cotton on the bluffs at Memphis.

Respectfully submitted.

JOS. HANLON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Provost-Marshal Third Dist. of Miss.

OFFICE MISSISSIPPI CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY,

Grenada, March 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK, C. S. Army, Demopolis:

DEAR SIR: I find the engines and other equipments on this road are fastt wearing out, and probably before many months transpire they will become almost, if not entirely, useless, unless I can obtain materials for repairs. The business of this road is now almost

