
IV. During the absence of General McPherson from the District of Vicksburg Major-General Hurlbut will exercise command over all the troops in the Department of the Tennessee from Cairo to Natchez, inclusive, and will receive special instructions from department headquarters.

V. The officers of the quartermaster's department, and all others in authority, are hereby commanded to use dispatch in forwarding troops and supplies, that no unnecessary delay may occur, and boats must not be held one hour, night or day, at any military post or wood station except for a military reason. Commanders of troops en route or on furlough may report direct to department headquarters at Hantsville, Ala., any stoppage of their boats for any cause, and if unexplained it will be noticed and punished.

* * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

PRIVATE.] EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., March 15, 1864-6 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General McPherson having been assigned to the command of a department, could not General Flank Blair, without difficulty or detriment to the service, be assigned to command the corps he commanded awhile autumn?

A. LINCOLN.

CHATTANOOGA, March 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville:

My troops occupy essentially the same position as when I telegraphed last. Information regarding the enemy locates Hardee's corps on the road from Dalton to Cleveland, and Hindman's corps on the railroad between Dalton and Tunnel Hill. His cavalry is at Tunnel Hill and on the La Fayette road. I am still very deficient in the latter arm and artillery horses, notwithstanding all the exertions of myself and Colonel Donaldson. The railroad will be finished to Ringgold by the end of this week.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CLINCH,Cumberland Gap, Tenn., March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff to Major-General Schofield:

GENERAL: I have information which I deem reliable that Longstreet's headquarters are at Greeneville and Buckner's at Bull's Gap, and that their troops are along the line of the railroad. Vaughn is at Rogersville, Hodge near Jonesville, and Jones at Long's Mill, 8 miles west of Jonesville, Va. I understand also that every horse

