
I would also state that great injustice is done to producers by the loose and careless manner in which the tithe is often collected by officers attached to the army. Unauthorized parties, both officers and privates, often exercise this power. I would respectfully ask your attention to the fifth article of General Orders, Numbers 117, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, 3rd September last, as to who are authorized. I would respectfully ask that the lieutenant-general commanding issue and promulgate his order to the effect that no officer attached to the army is authorized to exercise this privilege but those meeting the terms of the order above named, and that parties so collecting the tithe shall leave with the producer duplicate receipts for the same, and shall afterwards furnish to the post quartermaster of the district engaged in the business receipts for the same, with a list of the names of the producers from whom the tax had been collected. This is necessary that the parties may be properly debited and credited, as our instructions require. You cannot realize what disservice has been done to the cause by such irregularities, alienating the affections of the people and destroying the means of subsisting the army. I confidently leave the remedy in the hands of the lieutenant-general. Will you do me the favor to send me, if convenient, a half dozen copies of General Johnston's order, Numbers 248?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES HAMILTON,

Major and Controlling Quartermaster Tax in Kind

for Mississippi and East Louisiana.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 4, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to honorable Secretary of War.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 6, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Refer to Lieutenant-General Polk for consideration and to afford all the protection that can be given.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major General S. D. Lee.

Please see indorsement of the Secretary of War.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

