
I will be much indebted to you if you will afford Mr. McCarrick the necessary facilities for executing his orders from me, which he is directed to show you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK'N BUCHANAN,

Admiral, &amp; c.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

C. S. NAVY DEPARTMENT,

OFFICE OF ORDERS AND DETAILS,

Richmond, Va. March 26, 1864.

Admiral F. BUCHANAN, C. S. N.,

Commanding, & c., Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: Inclosed are copies of letters, dated 22nd instant, from General Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, to Lieutenant General L. Polk and Major General D. H. Maury, directing the former to transfer to C. S. Navy 55 men and the latter 55 men from the respective armies under their commands.*

You will be pleased to send with all possible dispatch one lieutenant to each army, or other suitable officers, and one medical officer, together with such additional officers as you may deem necessary, to the headquarters of the commanding generals of the two armies for the men referred to above.

The officers sent by you charged with this service will accept and ship for the Navy all volunteers who are, in their judgment, fit for the service, and who shall pass the required medical examination, and have them conveyed promptly to Mobile, Ala.

Blank shipping articles are sent herewith, and all men shipped are to be duly returned to this office and the First Auditor, as directed thereon, and you will be pleased to make return of all men whom you actually receive under this order from the Army. Special inquiry should be made for firemen and coal-heavers, if those ratings be needed in your command. The necessary expenses of officers employed in this recruiting service will be allowed. Application should be made to the commanding general for necessary guards to accompany the drafts of men who may be transferred to the Navy, which it is hoped they will be able to furnish. These men will be assigned to duty in the squadron under your command.

By command of the Secretary of the Navy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. K. MITCHELL,

Commander in Charge.

DEMOPOLIS, April 1, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

I desire to co-operate with you in opening the way for the transfer of the State troops under the action of your Legislature. If it is necessary i will leave for Macon to-morrow. The public interest would be consulted by my leaving on Monday next. Please answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

* See Cooper to Johnston, March 22, p. 666.

---------------

