
from the regiments for a force to meet the enemy. It is certain that the forces will work [their] way south and destroy the valuable works in Central Alabama unless an adequate force is sent to that section. Can nothing be done? Enemy have six regiments at Decatur.

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

OKOLONA, April 2, 1864.

Colonel T. M. JACK:

I left General Forrest at Jackson on 29th ultimo. Colonel Neely, with Richardson's brigade, was at Bolivar. Left General Buford, with one brigade, at Mayfield, Ky.; Colonel Bell, with brigade, between Trenton and Dresden; Colonel Wisdom, with regiment, at Hook's Bend, east of Purdy.

I do not know of other dispositions of his forces. The prisoners captured at Union City were at Jackson. Small force of enemy at Purdy as I passed.

FRANK C. WHITTHORNE,

Telegraph Operator, Forrest's Cavalry.

MOBILE, April 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK:

Forty-second,* 169 effective; 244 aggregate present and absent. Forty-sixth and Fifty-fifth* consolidated, 262 effective; 363 aggregate present and absent. Forty-ninth,* 183 effective; 268 aggregate present and absent. Fifty-third,* 222 effective; 339 aggregate present and absent. Artillery regiment at Shubuta has about 250 effective.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA.,

Demopollis, Ala., April 2, 1864.

I. Light batteries will hereafter be known by the names of the captains commanding them, and in no case be otherwise designated.

II. The use of private horses by non-commissioned officers of batteries is forbidden, and will be discontinued forthwith.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Orange Court-House, April 2, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I had a conversation with General Pendleton last evening, who gave me the result of his observations during his late visit to the Army of Tennessee. His report of the condition of that army, the buoyant spirit of the men, and above all the confidence reposed in their leader, gave me unalloyed pleasure. I regret the difficulties in the projected combination and movement of General

---------------

* Tennessee regiments.

---------------

