HEADQUARTERS,Bristol, April 2, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your favor of the 25th ultimo.

I shall be ready to undertake the move that you propose through Maryville as soon as we have accumulated enough provisions to start upon. With this view I have preserved the railroad bridges between this place and Greeneville.

I remain, sir, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1864.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding Department East Tennessee, Greeneville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 20th ultimo, in regard to the appointment and assignment of Major-General Field, has been submitted to the President.

The advice you have asked as to "the distinguished services rendered by this officer and the high recommendations of his commanding generals which have induced the Government to make this unusual promotion and assignment" (I quote your own words) is considered highly insubordinate and demands rebuke. It is also a reflection upon a gallant and meritorious officer, who has been severely wounded in battle in the cause of the Confederate States, and is deemed unbecoming the high position and dignity of the officer who thus makes the reflection. The regulations of the Army, with which you should be familiar, prescribes that appointments of general officers are mady by selection - selection by whom? Of course by the Executive, by whom appointments are made under the Constitution.

The regulations referred to do not require the recommendation of general officers for the procurement of such appointments, and your inquiry is a direct reflection upon the Executive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1864.

General J. E. JOHSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

Special orders of this date direct General Roddey with his command to resume his former position and to report to Lieutenant-General Polk. General Clanton in same order is directed with his command to replace that of General Roddey and to report to you.*

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* On July 15, 1864, General Johnston, upon inquiry from War Department, reported that Clanton's brigade had never reached his army.

---------------

