
gest, in reference to the requirements of your communication, that with the force at my command I doubt the practicability of the directed move; in fact it is extremely doubtful whether it could be made at this time, on account of the difficulty of crossing the streams. Powell's and Clinch Rivers run parallel to each other for some considerable distance above Jonesville, and could not be crossed at this season of the year, except in boats or by wading them at shoals. I am perfectly satisfied from the statement of Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry, who was wounded and captured on the 22nd ultimo, but made his escape and reached here yesterday, that Jones' force is not less than 800, and that Hodge's brigade strength not known, in near Jonesville. Colonel Davis also saw General Ransom, and report his division not far from Jonesville. He represents, furthermore, that forage and subsistence is getting very scarce in the enemy's districts, which accounts for Jones moving up the valley. In consideration of the forgoing information, I deem it my duty mention the available force at my command by respectfully referring to the figures in my last tri-monthly report, which shows that the Ninth-first Indiana Infantry (seven companies) has 387 men for duty; Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry (ten companies) has 207 men for duty. These two regiments (594 effective men) are composed of good material. Two other two regiments, the Second North Carolina Mounted Infantry (seven companies), 220 men for duty, and the Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry (ten companies), 252 men for duty (no horses), 472 men total, are without discipline, especially the latter regiment, and with their organization are of but little value.

The large number of absentees will indicate the state of discipline in the Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry. It will perhaps not be amiss to state that Colonel davis also informs me that the plan of these 500 cavalry of Jones' command, spoken of in my communication to General Potter and who returned the night Colonel Davis made his escape, was actually as stated in the communication mentioned.

If is very difficult for me to keep up daily communication, as there are only two mounted men in my command. In order to enable me to report daily I would respectfully request that a courier-line be established from the mounted force at your disposal, the courier-line that had been established heretofore between here and Knoxville having been discontinued by department headquarters. Another difficulty is that there are no boats this side of Clinton, a distance of 60 miles from here, which I learn from the couriers who brought your dispatches to-day.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. T. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, March 15, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

New York City:

Leave the 20-pounders Parrotts of Benjamin's battery at Knoxville, and the horses and harness of the same; also the horses and harness of all other batteries belonging to the Ninth Corps. They can be replaced at Annapolis.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

