
RICHMOND, April 2, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

The act approved April 17 authorizes the employment of free negroes. General Orders, Numbers 32, in which it is published, directs the Bureau of Conscription to enroll and assign them to duty on fortifications, as teamsters, &amp; c., in the field.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ATLANTA, GA.,

April 2, 1864.

Brigadier General M. J. WRIGHT,

Commanding Post:

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions of the 29th March, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the local troops under my command. At the remustered of these troops in February last nearly one-third of them failed to be remustered, thereby rendering the organization much less effective than before. They are now composed exclusively of detailed soldiers and exempts, all those liable to conscription having been turned over to the enrolling officer under General Orders, Numbers 35, paragraph VIII, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., current series, for assignments to commands in the field. The following statement shows the number and character of the local organizations, and exhibits the strength of each as per muster-rolls, and also the effective strength which can be relied upon at all times:

Command.	 Effective strength	 Muster-roll.

Arsenal battalion,	 150	 176

Major J. K. McCall

Captain J. H.	 99	 105

Hudson's company,

artillery

Captain T. C.	 12	 16

Jackson's company,

infantry

Captain G. G. Hull's	 20	 55

company, infantry

Captain J. H.	 20	 50

Porter's company,

infantry

Captain H. H. Witt's	 20	 32

company, infantry

Captain J. F.	 33	 40

Alexander's company,

cavalry

Captain A. J.	 100	 ---

Baird's company,

infantry

C. S. Naval Works	 80	 ---

company, infantry

Total	 534	 474

Captain Baird's and the C. S. Naval Works companies have never been mustered as the other local troops, but are organized and can be relied upon for the numbers represented, Captain Baird's company being composed of detailed men employed with Major G. W. Cunningham, quartermaster, and the C. S. Naval Works company of detailed men employed with Lieutenant J. P. McCorkle, C. S. Navy. The Arsenal battalion and Captain Hudson's company of artillery are composed of detailed men and employes in the Atlanta arsenal. Captains Hull, Porter, and Witt's companies are composed of employes on Atlanta and West Point Railroad, Georgia Railroad, and in the Southern Express Company, respectively. Captains Jackson and Alexander's companies are composed exclusively of exempt citizens on account of disability, over and under age, & c. These

