
Carolina stationed adjacent to the gaps leading from that State, in order that they may co-operate in case of emergency with the forces of this district. I beg to state that this plan has received the approval in writing of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, and also of Governor Bonham, of South Carolina.

If the foregoing suggestions cannot be carried out, I would suggest that at least a force of not less than 700 mounted men may be furnished in lieu thereof. With an adequate cavalry force to operate through the gap, the enemy could be prevented from running cars on the East Tennessee Railroad.

I likewise respectfully request that, if consistent with the public interest, Lieutenant Collins' section of artillery be ordered back to this district, with an additional detail of men to fill up his detachments and to work two other guns. This request is based upon the presumption that the section could be of more service in the field than in the conscript service.

In this connection I desire to state that there is in the district a battalion of conscripts between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, under Major J. C. McRae, belonging to the Bureau of Conscripts. Would it not be well to transfer this battalion from conscript to field service, in order that it might be available for general operations in this district?

In closing I desire, with great deference, but with equal earnestness, to state that, in my opinion, unless some additional protection is afforded this country it will before long be overrun with tories and deserters, organized and furnished with arms and ammunition by the Federal authorities, and in all probability, sooner or later, serious and most destructive raids will be made into North and South Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding District of Western North Carolina.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,
 Dalton, Ga., April 3, 1864.

Numbers 29.

I. Brigadier General F. A. Shoup, assigned by the President, will take command of the artillery of the army.

II. The organization by battalions will be retained.

III. The following battalions will be temporarily attached to the corps:

1. To Hardee's: Hoxton's, Hotchkiss', Martin's, and Cobb's, senior officer commanding.

2. To Hood's: Courtney's, Eldridge's, and Johnston's, Colonel R. F. Beckham commanding.

3. To Wheeler's cavalry: Captains Huwald's, Ferrell's, and Wiggins' batteries, Major F. H. Robertson commanding.

The battalion of reserve will be commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hallonquist.

IV. The general of artillery is charged with the instruction, drill, and administration of the artillery, whether detached or with the reserve.

V. On the field the reserve will be under the immediate command of the general of artillery.

By command of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

