
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,
 Dalton, Ga., April 3, 1864.

Numbers 30.

I. General Orders, Nos. 14 and 15, from these headquarters, and their modifications, which granted furloughs to the re-enlisted men in the proportion of 1 to 10, are suspended until the season of active operations is over.

II. General Orders, Numbers 227, from these headquarters, dated December 22, 1863, is continued in force and will apply both to the re-enlisted and non-re-enlisted troops. Applications will conform to the order and its different modifications.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CANTON, April 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

From many sources, without positive information, I am convinced that the enemy are concentrating a formidable expedition against Richmond under Grant. The veteran regiments on furlough from the Western army are going to Washington to re-enforce Grant. They think we will not attempt to hold Richmond. This I get from the observation of intelligent officers recently returned from Big Black on flag of truce, and from citizens coming out of their lines, and from the open talk of their officers, and am sure the attempt will be made as early as practicable.

S. D. LEE.

DEMOPOLIS, April 3, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Canton:

Move immediately with Jackson's division into the Western District to aid Forrest. Order Ferguson to Macon, where Waties' battery will meet him. Leave Ross on the river. The Thirty-eighth Mississippi, Major McCay, mounted, now below Jackson, ordered to report to Ross for duty.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 4, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Demopolis, Ala.:

GENERAL: The President desires me to thank you for your letter of February 22,* giving an account of the movements of the enemy in your department and the unsuccessful termination of his campaign.

A reply has been delayed longer than was anticipated in order to obtain the views of the Quartermaster and Commissary Generals

---------------

* See Part I, p. 338.

---------------

