
him, perhaps murder him, and therefore a respectable body of the citizens of the county have determined to seize and hold Lemuel Burnett, a citizen of Marion County, who is known to be a disloyal man and an aider and abettor of the tories, as a hostage for the safety and release of McMinn. The tories also took McMinn's horse, and we will take Burnett's [until] his is returned.

For safe-keeping we send Burnett and his horse to you, hoping that you may approve our action and thus aid us in our endeavor to rescue a good and loyal citizen from a vile captivity and perhaps horrible death. Sufficient evidence can be furnished of the disloyalty of said Burnett and of his complicity with the tories.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

A. J. STEWART,

Captain Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, April 4, 1864.

General JOSEPH E. JOHSTON,

Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your letter of 29th ultimo is received. I regret to learn from it the bad condition of the horses of that part of Major-General Martin's command which had reached you. That command had been reported by Lieutenant-General Longstreet as in fine condition, especially the horses. You say that Major-General Martin reports his effective force at 1,500 instead of 3,000 as supposed. Only half Martin's command was sent by Longstreet on the first order. Upon a renewal of the order the other half has moved; the whole reported before marching to be 3,300 effective men.

The proposal of General Longstreet referred to, for a further division of our forces, has not and will not be entertained. Grant is very active in Virginia, visiting and inspecting all the commands. The Army of the Potomac has been entirely reorganized since his arrival, and an order has been published assembling at Annapolis the Ninth Army Corps (Burnside's) from Knoxville.

I remain, general, very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Dalton, Ga., April 4, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Johnston directs that your order Patterson's brigade, of Roddey's command, to proceed to North Alabama to operate against the enemy in that section.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,
 Dalton, Ga., April 4, 1864.

Numbers 31.

The President of the Confederate States having by proclamation called upon the people of the States to set apart Friday, the 8th day

