HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, the commanding general directs that the troops in the District of Kentucky be reorganized into two division. The troops at Louisville and guarding the line of the Louisiana and Nashville Railroad south through the State of Kentucky and all west of said railroad will constitute one division, and those east of said railroad and of Louisville will constitute the other. The former will be commanded by Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, with his headquarters on the line of said railroad about midway between Louisiana and the southern boundary of the district. The commanding officer of the latter will have his headquarters with his troops. The senior of the troops garrisoning Louisville will be commander of the post of Louisiana, and will be instructed to furnish the requisite number of men to Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Hammond, commanding depot for drafted men to, guard said depot and to provide the necessary details to go forward with the drafted men to their regiments. The commanding officer of the District of Kentucky will make his headquarters at Lexington or Camp Nelson, that he may properly watch our line in the direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Morristown, March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER, Chief of Staff, Knoxville:

Let the cavalry come by Strawberry Plain. The Thirty-fifth Illinois may stay at the brigade at Loudon.

By command, &amp;c.:

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting of Staff in the Field.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Morristown, March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER, Chief of Staff, Knoxville:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of 13th instant, and to say that whilst it is not important that the artillery horses ordered for this department should be forwarded immediately, it is still necessary that they should be procured and kept in readiness awaiting his orders to send them. He desires that Captain Hall should be so instructed, and that a full understanding may be had with Colonel Swords on the subject. There should not be a greater delay than twenty or thirty days in getting the requisite number ready, as the commanding general regards it very important that he should be able to make his calculations upon having the stock at his disposal within that time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff in the Field.

