
have only 500 men. I will leave for Decatur is search of the Blue Bellies this evening. Would that I had a trumpet tongue to tell every man and woman in Alabama the outrages of the Yankees on the other side of the river. They spare neither age, sex, nor condition. Some time since they cursed and abused Governor Chapman's little son, four years old, within the hearing of his aged mother, for (child-like) wandering back to his native home, out of which the family had just been turned to make way for a negro regiment. They threatened to strip Mr. Robert Patton, of Florence, in search of money, and commenced to do so in the presence of her husband, but she drew from her bosom a purse with $2,000 and gave them.

God assist us!

Your friend,

JAS. H. CLANTON.

MACON, April 5, 1864.

General LEE, Canton:

Forrest will be at Jackson as long as he is permitted to remain there; his object is to raise troops.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, April 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that it is of the utmost importance that the bridge across Hatchie, at or near Brownsville, should be built without delay, and you will use every effort to complete it as soon as possible; also the bridge across Forked Deer, near Cherryville. Captain John G. Mann has been ordered to superintend the work, and you will afford him every facility ot push the work forward with dispatch.

The general commanding directs that you will order Colonel Neely with his command (if he is still on the south side of the river) to go in the direction of Memphis as far as Raleigh, for the purpose of making a demonstration against the enemy, and to ascertain their movements and force.

The general commanding directs that should you ascertain that the enemy are moving in the direction of Mississippi as reported, that you will immediately order Colonel McCulloch's brigade to follow and fall in their rear, and keep between them and Memphis until other forces can be ordered to their assistance.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 81. Richmond, April 6, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XV. Brigadier General H. R. Jackson, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby assigned to duty with Major General Howell Cobb, to whom he will report for orders.

* * * * * * *

