
XXIV. Paragraph XXII, Special Orders, Numbers 136, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, June 8, 1863, is hereby revoked, to take effect August 12, 1864. Mobile and its defenses, under the command of Major General D. H. Maury, is hereby designated as the District of the Gulf, in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW LEXINGTON, ALA.,

April 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

SIR: Two of my most reliable officers have just returned from Tennessee; they left Eastport, Miss., Sunday morning, the 3rd instant. They report that about 4,000 (at least calculation) of the enemy's cavalry crossed the Tennessee Rive from Middle Tennessee to West Tennessee on last Thursday, the 31st ultimo, at Crump's Landing, 4 miles above Savannah, Tenn. They west in the direction of Purdy; it is believed their aim is to cut off General Forrest.

On Sunday morning, the 3rd instant, five transports and two gun-boats loaded with troops (Sherman's) came up Tennessee river to Eastport and landed on the north bank of Tennessee River opposite Eastport; this force is estimated at from 4,000 to 5,000 infantry. It is believed they will march up the Huntsville road on the north side of Tennessee River, in the direction of Chattanooga, and it is feared they will cross at Decatur.

General Dodge's headquarters are still at Athens. He has about 2,500 troops in Decatur; they are fortifying and have nine pieces of the citizens out of Decatur, and those who remain are drawing rations. They are raiding out but little.

The Twenty-seventh and Thirty-fifth Alabama are near Mount Hope. All of our cavalry are between Mount Hope and Decatur.

I leave for Mount Hope in the morning and will write you again as soon as I arrive there.

The tories are still very troublesome in the mountains. I will pay due respects to them as soon as I can collect force sufficient.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNO. W. ESTES,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Provost-Marshal, First District.

DALTON, April 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

General Roddey is informed by Major Stewart, in whom he has confidence, who obtained his information from Mr. Stoss, president Central Railroad, that Grierson and Smith are concentrating their force at Decatur to move on Selma by Blue Mountain and Jones' Valley.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

