SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., FORREST'S CAV. DEPT.

No.-. Brownsville, Tenn., April 7, 1864.

Colonel W. L. Duckworth will assume command of all the troops near Brownsville, and will take vigorous measures to assemble his regiment as speedily as possible at that point, except the companies of Captains Russell, Alexander, and Lawler. They will be assembled by Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor near Mason's Depot. Ten days' rations will be collected, and two days' cooked rations will be kept constantly on hand. Scouts will be kept out in the direction of fort Pillow, and a picket at the boat in the pontoon bridge. In case the enemy should move on us or into Mississippi, five days' rations will be prepared at once, and everything be ready to move at a moment's notice.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

L. T. LINDSAY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, April 7, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Richmond:

Scouts report 15,000 troops expected soon at Chattanooga. Hooker still in Lookout Valley. Beull is to take command in Knoxville. A large cavalry raid toward Selma preparing at Decatur.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MACON, MISS., April 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK, Demopolis:

I leave for Columbus this morning; will be there few days.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY DEPARTMENT,Jackson, Tenn., April 7, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will order Colonel Neely to move on Sunday morning next with his entire brigade with five days' cooked rations. He will proceed to Raleigh and make a demonstration of attempting to construct boats and bridges on which to cross Wolf River. He will also send a portion of his command, or a heavy scout, on the Big Creek and on the Macon roads, as if designing to cross a force there also. After maneuvering there for tow or three days you will instruct him to fall back in the direction of Brownsville. He also directs that your order Colonel McCulloch to have five days' coke rations and be ready to move on Monday next (11th instant), at 7 o'clock a. m. Further orders will be sent you as to his destination, &amp;c.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

