
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Jackson, Tenn., April 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

Order Colonel Neely when he falls back to bring with him every man between the ages of eighteen and forty-five; also to take all the horses and mules suitable for artillery and cavalry, leaving the people stock sufficient to raise their crops, giving receipts for same. He will also arrest all officers and men absent without leave (except those furloughed). You will order your command to have 60 rounds of ammunition to the man, 40 rounds in cartridge-boxes, and 20 to be carried outside.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Second indorsement.]

Receipts for stock impressed to beamed in duplicate, one to be given to the parties, and the duplicate to be forwarded to chief quartermaster of the department.

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

MISSISSIPPI CITY, April 7, 1864.

Major J. C. DENIS,

Provost-Marshal-General, Demopolis, Ala.:

MAJOR: In accordance with your orders I have to report that a band of deserters still continue prowling about the county, doing considerable damage to the farmed and molesting travelers. Though dispersed from Perry and Jones Counties, they appear in other parts. Large numbers of these from Jones County have gone down Pearl River to and near Honey Island, where they exist in some force and hold the country in awe, openly boasting of their being in communication with the Yankees.

In fact, it is dangerous to travel in that part of Louisiana. In Marion County, Miss., and the upped part of Washington Parish, La., they are banded together in large numbers, bid defiance to the authorities, and claim to have a government of their own in opposition to the Confederate Government.

Your obedient servant,

DANL. P. LOGAN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 82. Richmond, April 7, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XX. Brigadier General W. N. Pendleton, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed without delay to the headquarters of General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding Army of Tennessee, on inspection duty.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

