
recruits, and will not accomplish a great deal. General Roddey has gone to-day to see General Johnston for the purpose of getting an order for my brigade to be sent. He says if he succeeds in getting the order he will then go himself, and feels confident of being able to defeat Grierson. My command is in fine condition, and reported by the inspector-general of the Army of Tennessee at the best brigade of cavalry in this army according to numbers. He also gives us great credit for discipline, something entirely new in cavalry. We are just moving camp. I will try and write you more at length this evening.

Very respectfully and hastily, yours,

M. W. HANNON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, April 9, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Demopolis, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: I have received from Talladega County, Ala., a petition, of which the inclosed is a copy. I beg leave to call your special attention to it. The meeting was composed of our best citizens, and I have not doubt the representations made in the petition are strictly true. My personal knowledge of that county enables me to say that if relief can be granted it ought to be done. At this season of the year the planting operations ought to be disturbed as little as possible, and especially ought this to be done where large numbers of soldiers' wives are dependent on the charities of the rich for support, whilst their husband and sons are in the field fighting for our righteous cause.

I trust it may be in your power to suspend the call recently made on that county until such time as the necessities of the planters in that country are less pressing.

I have the honor to remain, with great regard, your obedient servant,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

P. S.-Allow me to include herewith a letter from General Lawler and other, of Talladega County, gentleman of the highest character.

T. H. W.,

Governor of Alabama.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

TALLADEGA, April 4, 1864.

At a public meeting, held at the court-house in the town of Talladege, on Monday, the 4th day of April, 1864, by the citizens of said county, Honorable John T. Heflin, was called to the chair, and Captain Joseph Hardie appointed secretary. Honorable Lewis E. Parsons explained the object of the meeting, and on his motion a committee of seven was appointed to draught a memorial to His Excellency Thomas H. Watts, Governor of the State of Alabama, on the subject of the late call for slave labor, or impressment of the negroes to work on the fortifications at Mobile.

