
of March, 1863, 150 more and 5 wagons and teams. In the fall of 1863, 150 to 160 more. In February, 1864, 160 more, who are now at Mobile. In August, 1863, about-wagons and teams were impressed and sent to Montevallo to haul coal and iron. In August, 1863, under an order, it was said, from General Wheeler, about 175 horses were impressed. Within a few days past Captain Graham, under an order from Lieutenant-General Polk, it is said, has been here and impressed about-horses and about-mules, claiming and exercising the right to take every seventh mule, whether the same was actually necessary "to carry on the agricultural employments of the owner" or not. Moreover, a large proportion of the work oxen in this county have been obtained for the use of the Government by persons who informed the owners they were empowered by it to buy, and if they would not sell at such prices as they offered to give them they would impress them.

Large bodies of cavalry are now recruiting their horses at various points in this county, and thus consuming the tax in kind, which but for this might be purchase for the consumption of these poor people. These bodies of cavalry have been here for some time past.. The season thus far has been very backward, and what corn has been plated will probably have to be planted over again.

As before stated, 160 of these negroes are now in Mobile at work on the public defenses, and on the 2nd instant a new order arrived calling on the impressing agent for this county to impress 160 more, and have them ready to leave by the 17th of this month.

The premises considered, the undersigned respectfully request Your Excellency to aid them in procuring an order from Lieutenant-General Polk exempting this county from further impressment this season, if possible, or at least from this recent order.

L. E. PARSONS,

Chairman.

ALEX WHITE.

TAUL BRADFORD.

W. R. STONE.

C. G. CUNNINGHAM.

I. L. ELSTON.

JNO. SAWYER.

On motion by Mr. White, Captain Joseph Hardie was appointed special messenger to convey the within proceedings to His Excellency Governor Watts and, if necessary, to Lieutenant-General Polk.

On motion by Mr. Stone, the chairman and secretary were requested to sign a copy of the proceedings of this meeting to be conveyed to Governor Watts, and that the newspapers, of the county be requested to publish the same.

JOHN T HEFLIN,

Chairman.

JOS. HARDIE,

Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

ALPINE, TALLADEGE COUNTY,

April 6, 1864.

His Excellency T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: The undersigned have been informed that another requisition for negroes has been made upon this county by General Maury,

