
The enrollment of men between the ages of seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and fifty years of age is in my opinion of doubtful policy (at least for the present) in this section, as according to law, they are held to duty only in the State and could only be removed temporarily from the State. Will carry out, however, as far as practicable, any orders the lieutenant-general may give in regard to this or other measures deemed necessary to secure the enrollment or conscription in West Tennessee or North Mississippi.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, Tenn., April 10, 1864.

Major-General LEE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 6th instant is this moment received. I have heard nothing from General Polk since leaving Columbus. I requested General Polk to allow you to move with your command to this place for the purpose of operating against the enemy and conscripting this portion of the State. I would advise that you move immediately from Holly Springs to Brownsville, as that portion of the country is more abundantly supplied with forage, and also because I have a pontoon bridge at Brownsville. I will order that rations be procured for your division at that point. I move to-morrow on Fort Pillow with two brigades, the force at that point being 300 whites and 600 negroes. Grierson is reported moving being 300 whites and 600 negroes. Grierson is reported moving up the State line road from Memphis, and I would suggest that you look well to that quarter. Colonel Neely, commanding Richardson's brigade, is near raleigh and east of Wolf River. I will return to this point by the 15th.

I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbus, Miss., April 10, 1864.

Major-General Lee will move Jackson's division and Ferguson's brigade of his command into Alabama and take a position near Tuscaloosa. He will throw a part of his command up Jones' Valley, in the neighborhood of Elyton, and advance his scouts well up toward the Tennessee River so as to be informed of the enemy's situation, strength, and purposes. He will establish a line of couriers from his headquarters to some convenient point on the railroad, so as to keep department headquarters constantly informed, and will report frequently. He will constantly advise Major-General Loring of condition of things in his front. Major-General Loring of condition of things in his front. Major-General Lee will also organize expedition against the deserters and tories of North Alabama. He will arrest them and will deal with all such as may be banded together for resistance in the most summary manner.*

[T. M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Published also in Special Orders, Numbers 110, April 19.

---------------

