
RICHMOND, April 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Numerous and, I fear, well-founded complaints reach me in relation to military affairs in Adams Wilkinson, and Franklin. I have watched long for improvement and have been disappointed. I suggest that you send Brigadier-General Ferguson to collect, organize, and command your scattered forces in that region.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MOBILE, April 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

The following dispatch just received from Cooper's Station, date April 10, 1864:

Could not draw enemy out. Farragut arrived to-day in flag-ship Pensacola. Eleven steam-ships in bay, other supply ships, and mortar-boats. General Thomas there; destination said to be Mobile. Other ships daily expected.

HENRY MAURY,

Colonel.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., April 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Demopolis, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have just received reports by an intelligent agent from New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Port Hudson, which confirm the statements of Banks' defeat. They repeat the statements of great reductions of the garrisons along the Mississippi River. In Pensacola an increase of the shipping has been observed recently. The land forces there are not considerable. I am much in need of reliable cavalry to replace the pickets about the Perdido.

I am just now in receipt of a dispatch which informs me that Farragut is at Pensacola with twelve ships of war. General Thomas also is there. More war ships are expected; the destination in Mobile. If Tomas is in Pensacola, some important movement is probably contemplated.

I sent you to Selma of the Mississippi troops except Holland's (Thirty-seventh) regiment, detached in West Florida. Holland having been recommended to command the Mississippi brigade, and another having been appointed its brigadier, together with the attendant facts, have caused so much feeling amongst the offices that it would be best for the service, I think, that he should not return to the brigade. Colonel Coleman, the former acting brigade of the Arkansas brigade, stands somewhat in the same position. I think it will be advisable to transfer Coleman's (North Carolina) regiment to Sears' brigade, and to put Holland's regiment into the Arkansas brigade.

I am much embarrassed by the arrangements of the quartermaster's department here. I can get nothing from the depot until the requisition on the depot quartermaster goes to Richmond and is

