
approved by the Quartermaster-General. To-day I sent you a report on the subject made by me to the War Department; please enforce it as far as you consider proper.

On learning that 550 prisoners would be here to-day, the quartermaster made requisitions on Major Barnewall for cooking utensils for them. He will not issue them, I believe. If he refuses I shall have to take them, as I cannot otherwise procure them.

I hope the Quartermaster-General will relieve Major Barnewall from duty here, and instruct all of his affairs to one of the other officers of the Department who have been sent to report to me. I think it would be better for him to use Major McGivern, my chief quartermaster, and to repose some amount of discretion in him; any other course will be inevitably attended by embarrassments and in harmony. I do not believe it possible for any commander to conduct his affairs satisfactorily to himself or the country unless he can control the officers on whom he must call daily to supply his troops.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Bristol, April 11, 1864.

Major General C. W. FIELD,

Commanding Division:

The commanding general desires that you will make your preparations to move your division by rail to Charlottesville, Va. Your transportation should be started for that point as soon as possible by the dirt road, under charge of a competent and reliable officer. Your heaviest baggage will be taken by rail, and for this purpose it ought to be deposited near the railroad, to permit its shipment without unnecessary hauling.

Arrangements will be made to enable your troops to take that cars at the point most accessible and convenient to your present camp. The transportation of the troops and stores is instructed to Major E. Taylor, chief quartermaster, to whom your quartermaster should refer for information as to when the transportation will be ready for your division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, GAL, April 11, 1864.

Major GIBBONS,

Chief Inspector-General Transportation, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: Your letters and telegrams from 28th March down to 9th instant just received, for which accept my thanks.

This army to move, owing to the distance it will have to travel before reaching a country furnishing supplies, will have to start with twenty days' supplies. This will involve extra supply reserve trains, over and above that now on hand, 900 wagons and teams, and for which the chief quartermaster has never estimated; all he has called on Major Smith for is 600 artillery horses and wagons and teams for a pontoon train consisting of 135 wagons and teams-540 mules.

