
do so, have to remain here and make myself entirely acquainted with his whole status. I find every day I am furnishing him information concerning his transportation he never had before.

I return General Alexander's letter. He is a good fellow and I like him, but have very little confidence in his judgment about horses, and see nothing in his suggestions to justify the carrying out of his propositions, though I have not read it carefully and really have not the time. I wish you would look into it and act as you think best; say I am absent and will not be back for some time, if you think proper, but at any rate dispose of the matter.

I can't now see when I can get off from these quarters, as I cannot well leave here unless this army is fixed up. I shall leave for Montgomery in about ten days, but will return here after seeing Paxton. Whenever I am wanted let me know, as I shall remain out this way as long as I feel I am doing good.

General Bragg had better get out the forage order as suggested by me, as all these armies allow great abuse of forage in feeding officers' horses. Send word by all means to General Longstreet. You have no idea how much good our officers are with these armies.

Remember me to all friends and accept for yourself my kindest regards.

A. H. COLE.

They give me a grand review of all the transportation in the army to-morrow. The quartermaster here I find generally practical, good officers. Smith ought to have a million of new issue this month, and Paxton same; we cannot equip armies without it. Urge Green's promotion. He has well earned it. No better officer to be found.

A. H. C.

BRANDON, April 11, 1864.

Colonel A. H. COLE,

(Care of General Johnston):

Impressing mules for Trans-Mississippi ordnance train, horses for Lee's artillery in West Mississippi, in Alabama for General Polk's artillery and mules for his transportation. Some small horses, 20 to 50, were issued to order General Polk's chief quartermaster, which were used in mounting Buford's (Kentucky) brigade, now in West Tennessee. All other issues were made upon requisition of same officer. Always prepare to show all official transactions, and that of General Polk's army as far as it has been possible to obtain it. Much embarrassment for want of new currency.

A. M. PAXTON,

Major, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 1. Bristol, Va., April 12, 1864.

In consequence of the withdrawal of Lieutenant-General Longstreet from this department, the undersigned hereby assumes command.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

