
commanding officers that unless they will regard with favor our attempts they will rarely meet with success; and as one much interested in the engineer troops, and feeling confident that when organized they will be of the greatest assistance to you, I would ask your support and aid for the officers who are engaged in the formation of these troops in the Department of East Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief Engineer Bureau.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 103. Demopolis, Ala., April 12, 1864.

* * * * * * *

X. Colonel John S. Scott, commanding First Louisiana Cavalry, will proceed with his regiment to the District of South Mississippi and East Louisiana and relieve Colonel Thomas H. Taylor of the command of that district, and will report for purposes of organization and administration to these headquarters.

XI. Colonel Thomas H. Taylor, when relieved by Colonel Scott, will report in person to these headquarters for orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Montevallo, April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that a courier from a scouting party of General Ferguson's from Elyton, Ala., reached my headquarters to-day. When this party left the general the 9th instant he was 25 or 30 miles the other side of Macon, Miss., and marching in the direction of Jones' Valley, some 80 miles in advance of him and about 30 miles above this. He will probably reach there about the 15th or 16th. I have directed me officer in command of the party of the scouts to send parties in the direction of Decatur, and any other point he may learn of the approach of an enemy, and keeping me advised.

I have directed a competent officer to go in that direction to examine the county and map it; also to take steps to furnish information in anticipation of the arrival of the cavalry.

With respect, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEARS' BRIGADE,Selma, April 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I had the honor of reporting this morning by telegraph my arrival at this point. I received marching orders last Sunday

