
at Pollard for a portion of my brigade, the Thirty-seventh Mississippi Regiment having been retained, as it was on detached service. Through a fault in the transportation agent ordering transportation for only 1,200 when we had an aggregate of 1,800, we have been a good deal delayed in reaching this point. Upwards of 600 will arrive to-morrow morning with our baggage and field transportation. We have about twelve wagons and six ambulances. We await instructions as to sending wagons and ambulances by land.

I find and Forty-third Mississippi Regiment (Colonel Harrison) at this point under orders to report to Brigadier-General Featherston. The Forty-third is supposed to belong to my brigade, as I have to request that it be returned to my command. Am assured that such is the very general wish of its officers.

The absence of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Mississippi Regiments and the number yet remaining under parole makes my command small, much smaller than General Featherston's.

Am awaiting orders from you as to my further movements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. SEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,In the Field, April 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHARLMERS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he will move to Brownsville to-day and on to Jackson to-morrow. He directs that your order a regiment to report to him at Jackson to-morrow evening; will send Wisdom on to McNairy County. It is reported that the enemy are preparing to move from Middle Tennessee and from Memphis, also, after us, and it is therefore important to be prepared and concentrate as early as practicable in order to meet them.

He directs that you send out and impress ox teams, and haul all the artillery, &c., as far as Brownsville, at which place you will send forward and have other ox teams gotten up to carry them on to Jackson. The general says have the sail rolled out so that it will be safe, and then burn up all the houses at the fort, except the one used as a hospital; leave the Federal sergeant and such of the wounded as cannot travel or be moved and parole them; also parole and leave with them a nurse or two of slightly wounded men, sufficient to wait on them, sending forward all other prisoners and negroes to Jackson immediately. No negroes will be delivered to their owners on the march; they must all go to Jackson.

Leave with the wounded five or six days' supply of provisions and any medicines they may need; the balance of provisions issue to your command.

The major-general directs that you have brought out all ammunition and all other supplies that you can get transportation for; if you can haul them, bring also a few best tents; destroy the balance with every building at Fort Pillow; also destroy and tear the works to pieces as much as you can and move back with your entire command between the Hatchie and Forked Deer, so as to sweep the country, bringing in every man between the ages of eighteen and forty-five

