
to Jackson. Order your officers to take no excuse, neither allow conscripts to go home for clothes or anything else; their friends can send them to Jackson. When you reach Brownsville send a courier on to let the general know what time you will reach that place. He also directs that you will endeavor to get teams beyond Brownsville and have forage hauled for your command to the neighborhood of Jackson, camping your command south of the Forked Dee River. If you find you cannot bring them off burn the light artillery, preserving and bringing out all the ammunition and accouterments belonging to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

DURHAMVILLE, TENN.,

April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. R. CHALMERS:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Polk to move with my command to Alabama, to join General Lee to meet a Federal raid upon that State. You will collect McCulloch's and Bell's brigades together as rapidly as possible, and move to Brownsville and prepare to move to Tupelo with these two brigades, the artillery, wagons, and prisoners. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Forrest, with all of Bell's men at Trenton, to join you at Brownsville. I wish you to come on to Brownsville at once to see me before I go to Jackson. Bring Colonel Bell with you if no damage threatens your command. I will remain at Brownsville until 12 m. to-morrow.

Respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, ALA.,

April 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from the Adjutant and Inspector General, bearing date March 17, 1864, I have inspected the District of Mobile, Major General Dabney H. Maury commanding,and lay before the Department the following remakes, as the result of my observations:

TROOPS.

The troops in this district number-, organized into five brigades. The active available force which composes the garrison, and is located in the vicinity of Mobile, is 9,334.

I found them well equipped and clad, and evincing in the precision of their drill and maneuvers a marked and most creditable efficiency. Their arms were in good, indeed excellent, condition, and indicated conclusively the attentive care of battalion and company officers. The entire force compares favorably with any of similar number I have seen in the armies of the Confederacy.

