
ders from the War Department turned over to Major Barnewall, assistant quartermaster-general, all supplies. As Major Barnewall informed me he reported direct to the Quartermaster-General at Richmond, I did not deem it within the scope of my instructions to inspect his stores or accounts. It would seem to be a most anomalous condition of affairs herein that, although abundant supplies may be in Mobile, a requisition for the most trifling supplies must pass through official form in this district, be forwarded to the Quartermaster-General at Richmond, and from him be returned to be filled by the assistant quartermaster-general within 100 yards of the point the requisition emanated from, after performing a journey of nearly 2,000 miles; and in addition is the erection of a department of supply within a military command, yet over which the responsible commander has no control. As the most conclusive elucidation of the practical operation of the system, I inclose a requisition with the various endorsements thereon, * this being handed me by Major-General Maury. I deem it my duty only to state the facts, for the information of the Department.

The general commanding has efficiently organized a laboring force, composed of persons sentenced by courts-martial to hard labor, and in so doing has not only provided a valuable available laboring force, but by organizing them into companies has given employment to a number of meritorious officers whose original commands had been expended in service. The system works well and is highly creditable in its details to Major Harris, the senior officer in charge. I append a report of the force.+

All which I saw afforded gratifying evidence of the wisdom which had committed the interests of the Confederacy in this district to the charge of the distinguished soldier in command. To him, Lieutenant-Colonel Sheliha, chief engineer, to Major Flowerree, assistant adjutant-general, and the officers of his staff, I am greatly indebted for the promptness and zeal with which they facilitated and aided my efforts in the inspection. I append a consolidated a report of the forces here, with a roster of field and staff officers for each battalion, and various exhibits, affording in small compass information desired by the Adjutant and Inspector General. * I shall proceed from here immediately to the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Polk, and commence the inspection of his department and army.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. HODGE,

Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 86. Richmond, April 13, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXVII. Major General S. D. Lee is restored to the command of the whole cavalry force under the control of Lieutenant-General Polk.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+Omitted.

---------------

