HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI STATE TROOPS,Tupelo, Miss., April 14, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11th instant, inquiring when and where the State troops can be inspected, &c., was brought to these headquarters during my absence, or it would have received an earlier reply. At this time my command is so scattered under orders that it cannot be collected without special orders from the Governor before 26th instant, at which time all my troops are to be at this place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. GHOLSON,

Major-General, &c.

GRENADA, April 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Expedition to Sunflower a failure, owing to recent orders issued by commandant of post at Helena prohibiting any merchandise passing below that point. Troops continue to pass up river.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

C. S. REDDELL,

C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, April 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has ordered Colonel Neely to move with his brigade to La Grange and report to you, with the exception of Colonel Duckworth and Lieutenant-Colonel Crews, who will move to this place, as previously ordered, so as to arrive here by Monday next if possible. The general commanding has also ordered about 200 men of Colonel Wilson's regiment, now here, to move and join you at La Grange; and should you find either commands or squads moving in this direction you will take them with you, except those mentioned (Duckworth and Crews).

The general directs that you will move to Okolona, and on your arrival report to Lieutenant-General Polk for further instructions.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Since writing the above the general commanding has directed Colonel Neely to carry out your orders, "to concentrate all his command, &c., at Somerville," except Colonel Duckworth and Lieutenant-Colonel Crews.

Respectfully,

J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

