
Giving to one effective men 83 1/3 rounds. By monthly consolidated statement of ordnance stores in the corps is reported 19, 4717 sets of infantry accouterments, 12,610 knapsacks, 18,001 haversacks, 16,888 canteens. By issuing the amount required there would be in the corps surplus 2,784 accouterments, 761 knapsacks, 3,144 haversacks, and 1,388 canteens.

From the above number can be seen that the requisition submitted for approval of lieutenant-general commanding corps or the reports forwarded to this office is erroneous.

The last requisition from the corps was approved on the 30th ultimo. The articles, except 138 rifles and 680 bayonets for smoothbore muskets, were issued. To issue more arms than effective strengths only to lose them. Before the engagement on 25th February last, 356 arms were collected, besides those turned in by brigade officers of ordnance.

The stores required in the requisition can be supplies immediately, excepting knapsacks, bayonets, small-arms implements, navy-pistol obtained, being under fabrication. The leather is supplies by the quartermaster's department.

As to the certificate upon requisition "to supply the place of arms regularly condemned," I have to report that no certificate of board of survey was transmitted to this office.

I have sixty pistols at Clahoun, and if permitted to issue them to other commands than General Wheeler's I will order them.

The requisition is herewith returned for your approval.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. OLADOWSKI,

On Ordnance Duty.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Dalton, Ga., April 16, 1864.

I. In obedience to instructions from the honorable Secretary of War, Lieutenant William W. Carnes, C. S. Navy, is authorized to select 170 men of this army to be transferred to the naval service. Commanding offices are hereby directed to afford him the necessary aid for the discharge of this duty. In making these selections no organization must be destroyed, and as far as practicable seamen will be taken.

II. Lieutenant Carnes will furnish this office with a return of the men selected, when orders for their discharge from the army will be given.

By command of General Johnston:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, April 17, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

Scouts from Middle Tennessee report that on the 10th part of McPherson's corps, under Major-General Veatch, landed at Waterloo, on Tennessee River, and marched to Huntsville. More expected to

