HEADQUARTERS,&amp;C.,Montevallo, Ala., April 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: A communication received to-day from General Lee tells me he has arrived at Tuscaloosa; that General Ferguson has been ordered to Jones' Valley, taking position at Elyton; that General Jackson would reach Tuscaloosa on the 18th and take position near that place till more definite information is obtained relative to the enemy, and will scout on all roads leading to the Tennessee River. He says he would move nearer the Tennessee River, but is informed that it will be impossible to subsist his command; says he if of opinion, from information in the last few days, that the movement from Decatur is exaggerated.

A soldiers of this command, of good reputation, has reached here to-day from the Tennessee River, near Larkin's Ferry, leaving there a week ago; he was absent upon leave, but came back before his time expired. He says the enemy, about 5,000 strong, had crossed the ferry before he left, and this was the occasion of his returning. His farther, who resides there and is an intelligent man, tells him that the tories are informed that the Yankees intend moving a force of about 12,000 in the direction of Rome, Ga.

I have not had time to receive anything from the officers sent to the front.

With respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA.,Numbers 109. Demopolis, Ala., April 18, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XX. Brigadier General P. D. Roddey will report with his command to Major General S. D. Lee, Tuscaloosa, Ala.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, April 18, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: General Bragg requests that you cause the following order to be issued, viz: To General Maury, at Mobile, to send 2,000 infantry (an organized brigade) to report to General Johnston at Dalton. Let First South Carolina [Regulars], Colonel Butler, and Twentieth South Carolina, Colonel Keitt, be sent from Charleston, S. C., to General Johnston, at Dalton, Ga., to be replaced (after they reach Dalton) by the Tenth and Nineteenth South Carolina, now in Army of Tennessee.

Please let the orders be sent by telegraph in cipher.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. SALE,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

