
emy, my command is much scattered, and it will take time to get them together.

This morning I received a letter from the lieutenant-general commanding, in which he expresses disappointment at not hearing from me oftener, also indicating requirements of my command against the forces of General Sherman.

I have written and forwarded by couriers letters to the lieutenant-general commanding as frequently as I was able to do so; also sent telegraphic dispatches to Tupelo to be forwaded, and am at a loss to know why they have not reached department headquarters. It is true that for more than a week at a time, during my trips to Union City, Paducah, and Fort Pillow, it was impossible to write or dispatch you, being in the saddle myself and commanding my troops unperson; results, however, of all my operations as soon as they had transpired have been promptly forwarded.

It will require until the 1st of May to get all my troops together and move out, and my orders to brigade commanders sent out this morning direct that all be gather up and concentrated at this place on that day, and expect to reach Tupelo with my entire command by the 5th of May, with all conscripts and deserters we catch. Have also ordered Brigadier-General Chalmers to leave one regiment of McCulloch's brigade on the Tallahatchie and to move back with the balance within the lines of my department and gather up all squads, detached companies, and conscripts found in the county and meet me at Tupelo on the 5th proximo, with his entire wagon and ordnance train.

I have also directed all my wagons and artillery to be moved up to Tupelo; have also ordered my commissary to get up 20,000 ration for my troops and all the forage possible by the 5th, using my teams to haul it to the depots and get the trains, if possible, to bring it up to Tupelo or this side of there, provided it meats with the approval of the lieutenant-general commanding.

I would like to have everything there in order to fully organize the command and shoe up the horses, most of which are in bad condition for want of shoes.

I would be glad also, if the lieutenant-general commanding could spare the time, that he would come up on the train and meet me at Tupelo on the 6th or 7th proximo. His presence would facilitate me in disposing of conscripts and organizing commands. As preparatory to the move indicated in his letter, it will require me to be all the time with my command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Jackson, April 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you will leave one regiment, the wagon train belonging to the same, and 60 rounds of ammunition to the man, to scout from Waterford to Memphis, and watch the movements of the enemy.

The general directs that you will order two companies to proceed

