
The Department of the Tennessee was established by order of the War Department, and the limits prescribed by the great natural boundaries of the Tennessee, Ohio, and Mississippi Rivers, with special regard to the best interest of the public service, There are no reasons stated in said memorial which should induce a change in these boundaries so as to attach that part of the State of Kentucky west of the Tennessee River to the department in which the remainder of the State is comprised.

The placing of territory belonging to different department into one district, even were it admissible under "regulations" and "orders," would necessarily beget confusion in the commander of such district having to obey the orders of, and report to, several department commanders. The uniformity of the exercise of the elective franchise throughout the State of Kentucky will not hereafter be interfered with by military orders while the state remains in my command. It is a matter purely civil and with which the military authorities have nothing to do, except when called on to protect the citizens from violence in the exercise of it under the laws prescribed by the State.

Instructions in accordance herewith will be given to commanders of troops and districts in the State of Kentucky.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 2, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

(Received 2.30 a. m., 3rd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

New from the south shows that Sherman divided Polk's force and followed south 25 or 30 miles, then went east to Demopolis. Eight days ago he was back at Meridian, no doubt having destroyed railroad connection with the State of Mississippi completely.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 2, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

An association for the relief of those citizens of East Tennessee who have been reduced to destitution by the events of the war has been formed in Philadelphia, and a considerable fund has been raised to procure supplies. The association has appointed as its committee for the distribution of these supplies Messrs. Frederick Collins, Colonel N. G. Taylor, and Lloyd P. Smith. I beg to commend them to your kidneys, and to request that you will render them any assistance which may be in your power. The should have free transportation for themselves, their agents, and the articles which they desire to distribute, upon all Government railroads and chartered vessels.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

