
early to General Breckinridge? If the latter, what disposition must I make of these troops? They consist of Wharton's brigade of infantry, and the greater part of Jones' brigade of cavalry, and part of King's battalion of artillery. While there can be no want of harmonious co-operation between General Breckinridge and myself, whether this department remains separate or not, it is very desirable that I know what I ma to rely upon as my appropriate command.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEMOPOLIS, April 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Abbeville, en route for Okolona:

I have ordered General Forrest to send a brigade to Grenada, and fearing that Forrest may not be enabled to inform you in time, I desire that you will send a brigade at once, informing General Forrest. A movement is now being made from Vicksburg up Yazoo River, about 1,500 strong, infantry, 250 cavalry, and a few pieces of artillery. Adams' brigade is moving to oppose it. Move the brigade ordered to co-operate with Adams; send a battery with the brigade, or a section at least. Answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

CHIEF PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, FIRST DIST. ALA., Mount Hope, Ala., April 21, 1864.

[Major J. C. DENIS:]

MAJOR: I beg leave through you to make the following statement to the lieutenant-general commanding:

In a word, this district is almost destitute of subsistence for man or beast. There is not corn enough in this valley to support the citizens if there were no troops here, and cannot support the troops which are now here over one month and not that length of time without causing extreme suffering to the people.

Many families are compelled to suffer or leave here if some means of transporting subsistence is not provide, for there are no teams to do it. This great scarcity was caused by yankee raids carrying off a large portion of negroes need teams of nearly all the large farms, and the country being compelled to subsist a large number of our own cavalry who have been regularly stationed here. The enemy must be force d to fall back so we can get subsistence for the north side of the Tennessee, or this district will finally have to be give up if subsistence cannot be brought form some other place.

With a view to the relief of the citizens who are now subsisting the troops which are or may be sent here, and of finally forcing the enemy to give up North alabama, I wold respectfully suggest to the general commanding the great necessity, propriety,a nd practicability of speedily repairing the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Corinth and the Memphis and Charleston Railroad from Corinth to Cherokee, in Franklin County, Ala., 36 miles east of Corinth and within 18 miles of Tuscumbia, and the cars be placed on the same at the earliest day. If this can be done it will enable the citizens to

