
[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Demopolis, April 30, 1864.

I recommend that the suggestions of Lieutenant-Colonel Estes be adopted and the road promptly and speedily repaired, for the reasons stated by him.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. PETERS,

Quartermaster, &c.

[Inclosure.]

MOUNT HOPE, ALA., April 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN W. ESTERS,

Chief Provost-Marshal, District of North Alabama:

COLONEL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 1, office chief provost-marshal First district North Alabama, I proceeded to Corinth, Miss., and inspected the Memphis and Charleston Railroad from that point to Cherokee Station.

The road from Corinth to Burnsville, a distance of 15 miles, is in good repair. The bridge over Yellow Creek, 1 mile east of Burnsville, has been burnt; one-half of the timers destroyed. Said bridge is about 80 feet in length and 10 feet high; could be repaired easily, as good green timber could be procured within 200 yards of the place. Three and one-half miles east of Burnsville there is a one side cut; the remainder in good repair. One mile east of this place a bridge of some length; two trestles and 6 cross-ties burst. Two miles west of Iuka, a bridge has been slightly damaged by fire; could be repaired in two hours. Three miles east of Iuka, the timbers of a cattle-pit, 6 feet in length, have been burnt. From Iuka to bear Creek, 40 feet long, 20 feet long, totally burnt; bridge over Clear Creek, 40 feet long, 20 feet high, partially destroyed; 19 crossties burst and 3 rails torn up. Road in good order from that point to Buzzard Roost Creek, 1 mile east of Dickson; said bridge is supported by three trestles, one of which is gone; remaining timbers good. From Buzzard Roost to Cherokee the road is in good repair.

Timber adequate to repair the damage above mentioned is contiguous to the road. A large number of cross-ties ready for use are at different points on the road. An adequate supply of water-tanks, in good repair, are on the road. A large number of cross-ties ready for use are at different points on the road. An adequate supply of water-tanks, in good repair, are on the road. General Sherman, in October last, repaired the road to Cherokee, since which time no damage has been done to the road except the bridges and trestles mentioned. The rails need cross-ties generally are in good condition. The citizens have repaired the road for hand-cars to Iuka.

Respectfully submitted.

F. L. B. GOODWIN,

Captain.

MOUNT HOPE, ALA., April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just received the order from you, through Major Jones, to forward a report at once, and that you had not received a

