
OKOLONA, April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Dispatch received. Will send as directed. There are 37 negroes.

J. GOODWIN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY, Tuscallosa, Ala., April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis, Ala.:

COLONEL: I received the orders relative to General Roddey's command this morning. Have sent instructions for as large a portion of this command to remain in the Tennessee Valley as can be subsisted; rest to come to this point.

The last reports represents the enemy as 4,000 strong at Decatur, fortifying.

Have received no reports as yet from my own scouts. Ferguson reports he cannot stay in Jones' Valley, and i have ordered him to the railroad to get supplies, keeping his scouts, &amp;c., well up Jones' valley. Ferguson reports from above Elyton. Have directed that the supplies should not be exhausted in the valley.

There is nothing further of interest to report.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Bristol, April 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. E. JACKSON:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a raid is threatened in the direction of Saltville. He will go up in that direction to-morrow, and wishes you to assume command for the present of the cavalry in your front. If the raid should be an extensive one, it may descend the railroad, coming from direction of Pound Gap. In case it takes place, you should have scouts on this side as well as on the other side of your position. If the raid should occur, the bridges must be destroyed by all means, rather than to permit the enemy to hold them. The general will keep you advised as well as possible of the progress of the raid. You should communicate with General Vaughn, Ash County, N. C., advising him of what is transpiring, and in case of necessity cooperate with him.

Very respectfully,S. F. CHIPLEY,

Aide-de-Camp.

DEMOPOLIS, April 22, 1864.

General CHALMERS,

Panola, Miss.:

I telegraphed you yesterday to move one brigade down to unite with General Adams in opposing a movement of the enemy up Yazoo

