
from Vicksburg. I now order you to add another brigade to that sent. You will take command of the division yourself. If the battery captured is in condition to be used, take it with you. I will send another* from Aberdeen. Communicate this to General Forrest and move rapidly. Answer.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

Mr. HART: Send this dispatch to Okolona also, and instruct the commander of the post to send it forward to General Chalmers, who may be coming that way form the direction of Abbeville. Send it also to General Forrest.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

JACKSON, TENN., April 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I respectfully acknowledge receipt of orders last night which places McCulloch's brigade at Grenada to co-operate in protecting the country east of Yazoo River, &amp;c., which orders have been promptly given to Brigadier-General Chalmers. I had hoped, however, to collect my entire command at Tupello (expect one regiment), and before it moved again to have it thoroughly inspected, organized, and full and satisfactory reports made as to its numbers, condition, &c.: need if at all consistent with the good of the service I trust the lieutenant-general commanding will order back McCulloch's brigade, except the regiment deemed absolutely necessary ot remain on the Tallahatchie, to report at Tupelo for the purpose above stated, and place on duty at Grenada some command whose duties have not been so aeries, and whose animals are in suitable condition for service.

A review of the operations of my command since December last will, I think, justify me in saying that time and opportunity should, if possible, be given me to shoe up and rest my horses, and;ac my troops in the best possible condition for future service,a nd to render to the department proper field returns and inspection reports, and to thoroughly organize it at the earlier moment practicable.

I am making arrangements to have all my troops, conscripts, and deserters at Tupelo by the 5th or 6th proximo, and to prepare them for any service required.

There has been no movement of the enemy of any importance since I last wrote you.

Grierson came out with about

------

men as far as Mount Pleasant and within 12 miles of Holly Springs, but has returned. He dare not venture across the Wolf or Tallahatchie, consequently his scouts are confined ot he State Line road and the country between those rivers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

---------------

*Morton battery was designated to join Chalmers.

---------------

