HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY, Tuscaloosa, Ala., April 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis, Ala.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to invite the attention of the lieutenant-general to the dismounted men in my command. Many of them are unable to mount themselves, and they are of no use to my command or to the service as they are; it is impossible for them to keep up on marches, and many of the depredations committed are by those man in rear of the column. I recommend that such of them as cannot mount themselves and the Government will not mount be transferred to the infantry, and an equal number be transferred from the infantry who can mount themselves. I prefer the dismounted men being transferred without an equivalent rather than they should remain as they are.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

ENGINEERS OFFICE, Mobile, April 22, 1864.

Captain L. J. FREMAUX,

Engineer in charge Lower Bay Line, Fort Gaines:

CAPTAIN: The Natchez, having been thoroughly overhauled, leaves here at 4 o'clock this evening with orders to report to you for the placing of the main ship-channel obstructions.

Please inform Captain Gallimard that I fully coincide with his views regarding Sughee Point as the key position to the western part of the lower bay line. Unfortunately want of hands and transportation will render it necessary to abandon that work for the present, and turn our attention to more important points. The redoubt east of Fort Morgan once finished we may reassume operations at Sughee Point. Fort Gained does not require our attention for the present. Please stop all operations at that point until the completion of the new redoubts at Fort Morgan, Fort Powell, and Sughee Point justify us in reassuming operations there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief of Engineers, dept. of the Gulf.

DALTON, April 22, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Information of the enemy's position near Ringgold and Graysville would be valuable; I mean as to whether they have fortified there,a nd, if so, where and in what manner. If you can get such information please do so; if not, be so good as to inform me.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

DALTON, April 22, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

General Johnston has examined your letter going giving your picket-line as proposed.

He says cavalry posted as close to us as Varnell's Station could

