
Selma. They are not prepared to move tat present, but have large reserves at the different depots on the railroad at Nashville and are said to be collecting and forwarding extensive supplies of commissary and quartermaster's stores; there is also a force at Florence with numerous flat-boats, though General Clanton thinks this is to prevent our own forces from crossing.

There are but two cavalry regiments at Decatur, but others are said to be on the way from Nashville. Both the generals here express situation of affairs, be useless, and it could not be subsisted without the greatest difficulty need leaving the people entirely destitute, but that a reserve force at Tuscaloosa and Elyton could be brought up at any time soon enough to meet the enemy int eh mountains. Clanton is leaving this morning with his brigade to report to General Wheeler. Patterson's Brigade, of Roddey's command, takes his place.

The tories in the mountains are very quiet; I saw none of them. I will camp in this neighborhood and rest my horses while awaiting your orders, unless something unexpected turns up, in which event I will advise you.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. B. COFFEY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

P. S.-General Roddey thinks if there is no rain the river will be forded in two days, and that a force of cavalry then thrown into the country west of Pulaski could do effective service.

Respectfully,

A. B. C.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY, Tuscaloosa, April 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a scout report form vicinity of Decatur; it is the only reliable information received since my last. Every one speaks of the country above this as exhausted, and I fear all the cavalry in the Tennessee Valley will have to be moved to this vicinity. Have ordered Jackson's division about 12 miles below this point, to be convenient for forage. Ferguson is ordered ot the railroad within 25 miles of Montevallo, as the forage will not support him in Jones' Valley, he keeps his scouts well up the valley.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

APRIL 20, 1864.

General LEE:

SIR: The force at Decatur and vicinity, including Athens and Huntsville, is between 6,000 and 8,000. At Decatur and railroad junction opposite Decatur are three brigades of infantry and two regiments of cavalry; artillery train not large, but wagon train is

