
DEMOPOLIS, April 25, 1864.

General FORREST, Jackson, Tenn. (via Holly Springs):

Enemy returned ot Vicksburg. Chalmers ordered to leave one regiment at Waterford and move with the rest of his command ot Tupelo. Brigade ordered to join chalmers from Tupelo ordered can ot Tupelo, also battery of Morton ordered to return to Aberdeen. An officer from Richmond here on his way to Tupelo to inspect your command; you will leave such of it as you may desire in Tennessee and Kentucky and proceed yourself immediately to Tupelo to meet him.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, Ala., April 25, 1864.

Colonel DUMONTEIL,Commanding Fourteenth Confederate Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will order the companies of Gonzales and Mills, of your regiment, to report to Colonel John s. Scott for temporary River and picket all the crossings from the head of Hney Island past Forsville, Columbia, nd Monticello, and as much farther as your command will allow. The object of this movement is to prevent all persons between the ages of seventeen and fifty from passing across the river from West to East Louisiana until further John S. Scott for orders. you are expected to require of your command the utmost fidelity and vigilance in the performance of the duty assigned them.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Demopolis, Ala., April 25, 1864.

Colonel J. S. SCOTT:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding instruct me you will find inclosed in a copy of a letter instructions to Colonel Lowry for the Sixth Mississippi Infantry, indicating a campaign with which you are expected and hereby directed to co-operate against deserters and conscripts. Colonel Dumonteil will brew posted by orders direct form these headquarters as indicated, and will be instructed to report ot you for this temporary service. You will order three picked companies of the Ninth Louisiana Battalion, under a suitable officer, to be posted as indicated to cross Pearl River; also the companies of Mills, gonzales, and Bryan,a nd the company from he Third Louisiana, to take position as indicated under Lieutenant-Colonel Hill. Order Colonel Powers to take position with his regiment on the line indicated. You will then post position with regiment on the line indicated. You will then post your own regiment upon Powers' left, extending to river below Bayou Sara. If there be other troops in East Louisiana or Mississippi, south of

