HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., March 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. W. ELET:

Commanding Marine Brigade, Mississippi River:

GENERAL: As soon at the service of your brigade can be spared from the Red River expedition you will return to this point with you boats and cruise between this place and Greenville, assisting to keep the river clear from guerrillas, and extend what protection you can to plantations which are being worked by loyal citizens along its banks. You will report often to the commanding officer of the district and not go beyond the limits assigned without special orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAB. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

PADUCAH, KY.,

March 16, 1864.

General REID:

A gentleman who left Jackson, Tenn., on Monday, says the advance of Fulkner's and Forrest's commands reached that place on that morning.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 7. Morristown, Tenn., March 16, 1864.

I. In obedience to orders from the lieutenant-general commanding the Army, the Ninth Corps, Major-General Parke commanding relieved from duty in this department, and will proceed to Annapolis, Md., and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

II. Their transportation will all be turned over to the acting chief quartermaster in the field, except may be necessary to subsist them to Loudon, at which place the remainder will be transferred to the transportation quartermaster at Knoxville, who will make his arrangements to receive the train at the point named. The ambulances will be turned over at Knoxville.

III. The battalion of Sixth Indiana Mounted Infantry (serving dismounted) now with the Ninth Corps will report for duty to Major-General Stoneman, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps. Batteries L and, Third U. S. Artillery, will turn over their guns, horses, transportation, and material to Captain Shields, Nineteenth Ohio Battery, and the company will be transported by railroad upon being relieved by Captain Shields' company.

The remainder of the Ninth Corps present will march on Thursday morning, taking the road running along north side of Bay's Mountain, parallel to the Morristown and Knoxville road, and commanding into the main road at or near Mossy Creek. Their reserved transportation may be sent by the main road. The officers of the command are enjoined to allow as little as possible to be known of the direction or purpose of their moment.

IV. Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, is ordered to relieve Colonel Morrison's brigade, Ninth Corps, on the Chucky Bend road, this (Wednesday) evening, with

