
ing and arresting deserters. They are scattered in all directions, but are moving toward this place; will have all concentrated here by the 30th, and will reach Tupelo by the 5th or 6th proximo. I shall move myself via Bolivar and Ripley, and nay dispatches for me will meet me on the road.

I would be glad if the cars would run as far above Tupelo as possible, as I have about 30,000 pounds of bacon which I shall carry in wagons to Corinth,a nd send it down for my command on hand-cars until it meas a train.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Jackson, April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,Commanding Department:

GENERAL: A reliable man named Griswell, who used to be a scout of mine in Middle Tennessee, has just arrived. He reports that the enemy are evacuating the Northwestern Railroad, and that they are and Tennessee and Alabama Railroads to Chattanooga, and I am satisfied that the enemy's move will be on Dalton. He represents everything as being moved in that direction.

Much having been said in the Northern press in regard ot the massacre at Fort Pillow, I shall forward you by next courier copies of all the correspondence in regard ot the demand for surrender and a statement of all material facts; an extra copy of same will also be sent you, with a request to forward ot the President. Captain Young, the provost-marshal at Fort Pillow, now a prisoner, can corroborate all the facts, as he was the bearer of the enemy's flag of truce, and it would be well to have him taken care of on that account.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY, Tuscaloosa, Ala., April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis:

COLONEL: I received to-day the order from Richmond restoring me to the command of all cavalry in General Polk's department. I have not yet assumed the command, as I desire the views of the lieutenant-general. So soon as I hear from him I propose establishing my headquarters at Columbus, Miss., ast he most central point. If the command is to be a permanent one I shall relinquish the appointed in my place. The command is large enough for two major-generals if I am to have all the cavalry, as this contemplated by the order. Brigadier-General Jackson was recommended for pro-

