
motion by General J. E. Johnston and myself. This promotion will still meet my views.

Should the Department not deem it proper to promote General Jackson, I would suggest the names of Brigadier General F. C. Armstrong and J. R. chalmers as competent ones for the position. I would like the command divided into two divisions, under two major-generals, and styled "Cavalry Corps, Department Mississippi, Alabama, East Louisiana, and Southwest Tennessee," or "Cavalry Corps, Lieutenant-General Polk's Department. I will take this occasion to cause the order to be issued.

My desire is for active service in the field; this I prefer with a smaller command rather than I should not be actively employed, to which I have been assigned. I ask if it is consistent with the views of the lieutenant-general that my recommendation for a move into Middle Tennessee and Kentucky (made while at Starkville) be again considered. I think a cavalry force of 8,000 or 10,000 sent a powerful diversion for our armies, both in Virginia and Georgia, and will weaken the force of the enemy in Georgia to such an extent that our arms will certainly be successful there. I propose moving Alabama. I do not think all the force now her is needed.

I ask the views of the lieutenant-general on the above points if he deems it proper to give them. I will soon have a large pontoon train ready except the wagons.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 116. Demopolis, Ala., April 25, 1864.

* * * * *

XIII. Brigadier General G. J. Pillow will report to Major General S. D. Lee for assignment.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, CLERK'S OFFICE, Richmond, April 25, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I inclose herewith a letter just received from the Honorable R. W. Walker, C. S. Senator from Alabama. As the letter contains some important statements relative to movements of the enemy's troops, I have thought it proper to place it at your disposal for what it amy be worth.

Very respectfully,

D. LOUIS DALTON,

Assistant Clerk, House Representatives.

