
in the brigade he is forming, Roddey, I hear, has four regiments and four battalions. I note what you say of sending Ferguson's brigade in pursuit of stragglers and deserters. I have ordered Major-General French to send an infantry command through all the counties of North Alabama to co-operate with General Ferguson, and I now desire you to give orders to General Roddey to deploy enough of his command along the line of the Tennessee River, as near as he may think proper, to intercept such tories and deserters as may attempt to escape into the enemy's lines that way. The movement of Ferguson and the infantry will drive such of them on to Roddey's troops as are not caught. I desire these movements should be made with vigor, and that they should cover the infected districts thoroughly.

The best results are following upon like operations in the southern counties of Mississippi, and under other commands at work under Forrest, &amp;c., in the north, west, and east of that State. Over 1,000 men have been moved out.

Since writhing the above your dispatch, asking that dismounted men should be assigned to the infantry, has been received. You will receive orders tot hat effect. I hope this assignment will be temporary,a nd these men may be informed that they shall be remounted so soon as horses can be had for them-that is, such as are good soldiers. I note, also, what is said in Jones's report as to the movements of the enemy.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-You have no doubt heard of the success of Colonel Griffith in the brilliant affair of the gun-boat on the Yazoo. He captured the guns, then burnt it. The Yankee movement of about 3,000 men then retreated and returned to Vicksburg.

P. S.-Your quartermaster, under the authority form Paxtion, should act promptly in pressing horses for your artillery, as orders are out to make impressments for General Johnston's army.

L. P.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, AND EAST LA., Demopolis, Ala., April 26, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that he approves the suggestion contained in your favor of the 22nd instant, and authorizes the transfer to infantry commands of the dismounted men of your command. As far as practicable they should be transferred to commands of their respective States, Mississippians ot Mississippi troops, Alabamians to Alabama troops, &c. Let the transfer be made as soon as may be, and with proper precautions to avoid desertion. Send forward to these headquarters lists of the names of the men and their commands; also the command to which each is transferred, in order that formal orders may issue in the premises.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

