
DEMOPOLIS, April 26, 1864.

Colonel J. S. SCOTT:

COLONEL: I have explained my views of the manner in which the orders with regard to the campaign against deserters and conscripts should be executed to Surgeon Hill. In all cases where there is a doubt as to exemptions of any party, let that party have the benefit of the doubt, and note the case for future examination. You will, while you are courteous, take good care to be firm and unyielding, having eh same mode of proceeding for all parties, high and low. The time at which the privilege accorded to persons from seventeen to eighteen and from forty-five to fifty to enroll themselves expires on the 1st of May; they must then e required by force to come to the aid of their country in its trial.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Macon, Miss. April 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Commanding Department, Demopolis, Ala.:

GENERAL: In obedience to the mandate of the Legislature, I herewith transmit to you a series of resolution adopted by that body in relation to the troops of Mississippi. Be ;leased to communicate them to the Mississippi troops in your command in such manner as may best accomplish the object of the Legislature.

I have the honor to be, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

[Inclosure.]

Resolve, That the thanks of this legislature are due, and are hereby tendered, to the officers and soldiers of the Mississippi regiments in the several departments of the Confederate Army for their noble and patriotic conduct in re-enlisting for the war.

Resolved, That nothing has occurred since the commencement of this war which has so thrilled our hearts with pleasure as the news that has reached us that out brave soldiers, after having endured all determined that they will fight to the last, and gain our liberties or perish in the attempt, and we hereby renew the pledge which has been made before, that so long as we have nay means to prevent it, the families of out brave soldiers shall never suffer in their absence.

Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to Generals Lee, Longstreet, Johnston, and Polk, with a request that they cause them to be read to each regiment of Mississippi troops in their departments.

Approved April 5, 1864.

