HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION, Tuscallosa, Ala., April 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS M. JACK,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR; I arrived here this morning with my command and am encamped on the river above the town on the left bank. All well.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY, Tuscaloosa, April 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis, Ala.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of the scout report* of Lieutenant coffee, of Ferguson's brigade; I regard the report as reliable. The Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, as is know to the general, has been almost impracticable for over a year form being in bad repair.

From all information I can gather the forces of the enemy have not been increased in North Alabama, Dodge's division having occupied that country since the evacuation of Corinth.

The enemy are carefully watching all the crossings in the vicinity of Muscle Shoals. I directed General Roddey to interfere with the railroads by sending small parties to destroy bridges, &amp;c. I have not received a report since the one I sent you form General roddey.

I would suggest that a part of the cavalry now here be sent ot the prairie country near columbus, where they are in good position of a move and forage. I think Ferguson and Roddey will be sufficient here, unless it is the intention of the general to move into North Alabama. The supplies on the Tennessee are represented as nearly exhausted.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS RODDEY'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Hillsborough, Ala., april 26, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

GENERAL; Your letter of the 22nd instant, with accompanying orders, are at hand, in relation to subsisting my command, foraging, &c. Forage is scarce, but by grazing and reducing corn rations I think it can be made to do; a larger force here I think is not necessary, and in fact could not be subsisted.

I inclose herewith the latest report we have of the forces of the enemy on the north side of the Tennessee River, and west side of Elk River. The river is strongly picketed an datively patrolled from above Decatur to Eastport, and for some distance below. From the latest reports the enemy have four regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry at Athens, Ala. Three brigades reported at

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

