
two regiments of his command. He will move one brigade to-morrow morning, 17th instant, into the line now occupied by the Ninth Corps, keeping the remaining brigade in reserve in vicinity of the present camp.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., U. S. Colonel TROOPS,Numbers 10. Vicksburg, Miss., March 16, 1864.

I. The First Mississippi Infantry, A. D.; Fourth Mississippi, A. D., and one battalion of the First Mississippi Cavalry, A. D., will hold themselves in readiness to proceed with their transportation, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., to Goodrich's Landing, La., where they will be assigned, under the direction of Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, for the protection of the plantation interests of Milliken's Bend Goodrich's Landing, La., Laje Providence, and Skipwith's Landing.

The commanding officers of the Fourth Mississippi Infantry, A. D., and the battalion of the First Mississippi Cavalry, A. D., will report to Colonel A. W. Webber, First Mississippi Infantry, A. D., for orders.

* * * * *

By orders of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

S. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, NASHVILLE,

Numbers 1. March 17, 1864.

In pursuance of the following order of the President-

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., March, 1864.

Under the authority of an act Congress to revive the grade of lieutenant-general in the United States Army, approved February 29, 1864. Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, is assigned to the command of the armies of the United States.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

I assume command of the armies of the United States, headquarters in the field, and until further orders will be with the Army of the Potomac. The will be an office, headquarters in Washington, to which all communications will be sent except those from the army where headquarters are the date their address.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, March 17, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I have had an inspection made of Camp Nelson and Mount Streling. It shows a wasteful extravagance there and also that the points are badly selected. It seems to me that Camp Nelson should be broken up entirely and the public property issued where it will

