
The courier-line indicated by you is not the nearest route, but as I am not familiar with the character of the country by the nearest route, and do not know the chances of foraging, I will, until something more definite is ascertained, connect with your line at Blountsville.

I forward to you, in charge of couriers, Philip Henson, who has been represented to me for the last twelve months as a spy for the service, and who never failed to give me correct information-who are undoubted. They have reported to me constantly during that time that valuable information has been given by Henson to the Federals. He has papers, bury I do not deem them sufficiently satisfactory to permit him to pass through my lines. This is another instance that justified the suggestions I have above made in relation to accrediting scouts, &amp;c. I believe firmly that the said Henson is a spy, and has been in the service of and the pay of the Federals all that time, and that all his symphaties are with them.

My information all summed up induces the belief that no attempt will be made by the enemy to raid south from Decatur with the force in sight. I will keep myself thoroughly advised as to their movements, and forward the information to you rapidly.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDERY,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I would suggest that you send this or a copy to General Polk.

[Inclosure.]

APRIL 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General RODDEY:

Two regiments now in Lauderdale County, viz, Ninth Ohio and seventh Illinois. The Ninety Ohio has one company at mount of Elk River, one company at Ben. Taylor's, and one at David Williams', and one at Bainbridge; the remainder of the regiment is at Cheatham's Ferry. The Seventh Illinois has two or three companies at Bailey's Springs; report says this evening that they are moving to Wright and Rice's and Florence; one company at Waterloo, remainder in lower part of the county. General Sweeny's brigade is at piece of artillery. My scout has just arrived and brings the foregoing, which may be relied on.

Respectfully,

JAMES JACKSON,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Abingdon, April 26, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department of Western Virginia, Dublin, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your note transmitting that of Colonel W. P. Johnston. I have received accurate information from Central Kentucky to-day. Nearly all of the Federal cavalry recently near

