
Lexington has gone southward; but a small force is now in front of us. A single brigade moved up against Colonel clay and afterward retreated. Giltner is now covering Saltville. Jones' brigade is also near that place. I cannot throw them out far, as yet, for want of forage. General Jones is now at Salatville, and will be directed to give you such information as he may receive. The enemy were pressing my advance at Carter's Depot, on the Watauga, yesterday. They retired this morning, perhaps only temporarily.

I am sending my strongest brigade (Gracie's) to Richmond.

Respectfully and truly,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

P. S.-I submitted the question the other day for decision, whether I was to regard Wharton, Jones, and King as belonging to this department or to yours.

S. B. B.

ABINGDON, April 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Most of the Federal cavalry recently near Lexington, Ky., have gone southward, their demonstration in this direction has retired. The Federal are sending a great deal of artillery southward through Lexington, the enemy, apparently a strong reconnaissance, were skirmishing with General Jackson at Carter's Depot yesterday evening. Gracie's brigade is moving in obedience ot your order; part of it may be expected in Lynchburg to-night.

S. S. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, April 26, 1864.

Colonel GILTNER, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your command toward Saltville at daylight to-morrows, crossing to the south side of the Holston, moving up Rich Valkley, and camping 6 or 8 miles form Saltville to-morrow night. You will order up the regiments which went forward to-day so that they will be very near you to-morrow night. The major-general commanding desires that you recognize the importance of having your brigade well in hand, as it may bendeede for quick and hard service in a very few days.

As soon as you shall determine your camps you will report the location of your troops and your own headquarters. Hereafter report any changes your troops may make. Take measures at once to have a supply of corn to-morrow night.

Your obedient servant,J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C., Abingdon, April 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON, Zollicoffer:

it is not expedient ot meet the enemy on the Watauta. If he advances in force and it shall become necessary, let Jackson fall back on you at Zollicoffer. Of this you will be the judge. The cavalry

