
has been ordered from above to move on Blountsville. Cannot reach there before the day after to-morrow. Will order one or more batteries to join you to-morrow. If you are satisfied the enemy is advancing in force, and you think it necessary, will send you another brigade.

S. BU. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST TENNESSEE, Abingdon, April 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General JONES, Saltville, Va.:

Move your brigade to this place, leaving pickets sufficient to observe the sat-works. Start to-night and come as far on the way as you conveniently can. To save time orders have been sent ot Giltner to move at daylight to-morrow toward Blountsville. Send him the order also yourself to assure its reaching him.

S. B. BUCKNER,Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 10. Dalton, Ga., April 26, 1864.

Liut. Richard J. Manning is appointed aide-de-camp to General Johnston, vice Lieutenant J. B. Washington, transferred, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, April 27, 1864.

His Excellency Preside DAVIS, Richmond:

I have been applied to by a large number of officers, who are supernumeraries, to be permitted ot resign and form themselves into cavalry regiments. The number of such officers I have no means of knowing accurately, but am satisfied I can find enough to make up two disposition to make of them. A large number of them are out of service by no fault of theirs, and form their fidelity have won a claim on the consideration of the Government. I respectfully ask permission for the officers to be gratified in their wish. If the permission is granted, will you please, to save time, answer by telegraph.

I have just seen Governor Harris, who is direct for West Tennessee. He gives a very favorable account of things there, and is himself highly gratified with the state of grated part of his campaign, and was in every county in the district except three. The necessity of placing Forrest's command at a point in Northern Mississippi Alabama interfered somewhat with his completing the work of clearing out all the military material within its borders. He leaves a detachment, nevertheless, to accomplish this. General Forrest is in Tupelo at present. I am pressing the completion of the

