
serters in Mississippi. I desire re to call your attention to them and to ask you, in your correspondence, call attention of the President to them, with a request from me that he will read them. I shall continue my operations in the same style until I shall have swept over the whole department and cleared it of absentees of all sorts. I am re-establishing the ascendancy of the civil power in its courts, &amp;c., as I go, and am, through the agency of commands for local defense, which I am organizing everywhere, providing the means of maintaining its ascendancy in the future. These commands will also make it impossible for deserters to return and remain away from the army hereafter. You will find inclosed a letter* from a correspondent of the President, asking my attention and remarks. Please see that my indorsement is forwarded. The reports of my officers transmitted are my reply. May I ask you to see that the President receives my letter.

I hope to see you before you leave, and shall write the President more fully of such operations as those of Maury and Lowery and send him a copy of the map I have had made of the department with its sub-divisions into military districts. I think Colonel Lowry, whom I have long known, is one of the most gallant men in the army and one of the best officers; has entitled himself to the thanks of the Government, and should be promoted. I should find him of eminent service to me if he were made brigadier-general and ordered to report ot me for special duty. I wish him to take charge of all such work as that pertaining ot order in the department, and could work him into the command of the force raising for local defense.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERED FORREST'S CAVALRY, Jackson, April 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Meridian:

Dispatch of 25th received. Will be at Tupelo on 4th May. My command will be there on the 6th. Desire it thoroughly inspected. Dispatch General Gholson to detain officer from Richmond until I arrive. Hope to meet you there also before organizing my command. All quiet.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Demopolis, April 28, 1864.

I. Brigadier-General Sears will move with his command across the country to Tuscaloosa, Ala., reporting on his arrival to Major-General French.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

P. ELLIS, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

