
be of service. I would suggest that Brigadier-General Cox or some other intelligent officer be sent into that part of Kentucky, with authority to make such changes as the public good may seem to demand. The troops should watch closely an advance of the enemy from Western Virginia. As soon as I return from the East I will try to get up an expedition from Western Virginia to move onto the railroad to the rear of Breckinridge. I have order the new cavalry to mount Sterling, as you request. Cannot Cumberland Gep be supplied from Knoxville better than as now supplied?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MORRISTOWN, March 17, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I will send General Cox to Camp Nelson to attend to affairs in that part of Kentucky as you suggest. While compelled to remain on the defensive, I will distribute my force north of the Holston so as to hold the valleys between that river and Cumberland Gap, so as to guard as far as possible against any movement into East Tennessee. I will be able to meet any movement into that State from Western Virginia. Cumberland Gap can, I think, be better supplied from Knoxville, for a time at least. I will so order.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MORRISTOWN, March 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Chief of Staff, Knoxville:

General Grant has ordered the Ninth Corps away; they are moving to-day. We send back our surplus wagons to the Plains Direct Barriger and Ransom to send only such stores as we can at all times issue or carry in one wagon to the regiment.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff in the Field.

NASHVILLE, March 17, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Commence moving the surplus troops you have on the line of the Nashville and Chattanooga road to the Columbia and Decatur road, so as to relieve the troops now there to be moved to the front.

There is now on the road a regiment of cavalry, well mounted and over 1,100 strong, and two regiments of colored troops that will be left.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

