
Fifth. That the infantry in Mississippi and the garrison at Mobile do not seem to be needed there at present, and might be advantageously employed in re-enforcing the Army of Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

To this letter I receive no reply. I left Richmond the evening of the day on which I delivered it, and neither saw nor heard from General Bragg again on the subject with which I was charged.

While with the Army of Northern Virginia I saw General Lee for a short time; explained to him briefly the condition of affairs in Georgia. He said he had no doubt but that the Eleventh and Twelfth, consolidated into a single army corps, and the Ninth Army Corps, form the Army of the West, had reached Annapolis and were intended to constitute Burnside's command, to move into the northern part of North Carolina on the coast, or the suffolk line, or on the Peninsula co-operating with Meade in the advance on Richmond; that Meade's army had been largely re-enforced to 75,000 or 100,000 men by the withdrawal of the garrisons along the coast and the line of the Potomac, their places being supplied by negro troops.

He concurred with me in the opinion I expressed to him that there was not much probability of your obtaining re-enforcements, at least until the plans of the enemy were fully developed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS, Dalton, Ga., April 29, 1864.

Division commanders will send all their heavy baggage at once to Dalton, to be sent to the rear on the cars. One disabled officer and 3 disabled men from each brigade will be sent with it.

By command of Lieutenant General J. B. Hood, commanding.

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] BRISTOL, April 29, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

GENERAL: In transmitting my report upon so much of the cavalry of this department as I have seen, I beg leave to inclose to you confidentially some rough notes handed me by Major-General Ransom. They will perhaps convey a better idea of the condition of these people than anything I could say.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Report of inspection of cavalry.

The cavalry of this army consists of Jones', giltner's, and Vaughn's brigades, and a small number of mounted men belonging to General Morgan's force. Vaughn's brigade and Morgan's mounted men are in North Carolina recruiting their horses, and were not inspected.

Jones' brigade (April 24), Lieutenant-Colonel Cook commanding,

