
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES, May 6, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

A copy of this report will be sent to Brigadier General William E. Jones, commanding department, that a rigid scrutiny may be made and all offenders brought to justice. It is confidently hoped he will not allow a continuance of the lawless and disgraceful transactions.

BRAXTON BRAGG,General.

[Second inforsement.]

MAY 6, 1864.

It is painful to know that such outrages as those described have been committed by any portion of our Army, the justice and humanity of which has generally been scarcely less conspicuous than their gallantry. It is due tot he citizen, tot he good soldier, and the fair fame of the Government that these abuses should be visited with such correction as will serve for future warning to evildoers.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred tot he Adjutant-General.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Fourth indorsement.]

All that is requisite seems to have been done at General Bragg's headquarters.

CLAY.

[Inclosures.]

A.

Memorandum of affidavits in the possession of J. R. Anderson, of Bristol:

Conrad Shirrett declares that 4 milch cows belonging to him were impressed, against his consent and in violation of law, by Major John Hockenhull, commissary of subsistence. In an indorsement ont eh papers appears an order from Major Latrobe, of General Longstreet's staff, to return the cows, but they were never returned.

On the night of April 1, 5 soldiers forcibly took form James Torbit 125 pounds of bacon, 12 pounds of flour, and 6 gallons of molasses. From the same man 2 bay mares were taken by soldier of Peters' regiment of cavalry (Twenty-first virginia) on the 18th October, 1863.

On the 11th April, 1864, Lieutenant C. T. Whitehead, Company G, Sixteenth georgia Battalion of Cavalry, took 12 bushels of corn from Jame Morton (all he had), during his absence and against his family's cries and protestations, leaving the following receipt: "Rec's April 11, 1864, of James Morton, 12 bushels of corn for the use of public animals, Co. G, 16th Ga. Batt'n Cavalry.--Lt. C. T. Whitehead, Comdg. Co. G, 16th Ga. Batt'n Cav'y."

