
NASHVILLE, March 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Major-General Sherman has been assigned to the command of this military division, and having arrived at Nashville this evening, hereafter all official communications will be addressed to him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to Generals Schofield and Logan.)

CHATTANOOGA, March 17, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Tullahoma:

Arrange to a brigade, in numbers if not in organization, to the defense of the Columbia and Decatur road. The troops on that line are to be sent elsewhere. Do this without reference to Coburn's brigade, which must soon come to the front. Report to-morrow what troops you can send. The troops of the Twelfth Corps will be returned to you eventually, but at present must be used to guard the roads.

WM. D. WHIPPLA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Woodsville, Ala., March 17, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KAERCHER,

Twelfth Missouri:

COLONEL: The general has received information that the enemy is crossing the river at Port Deposit. You will use all endeavors to ascertain the truth of the rumor and report fats in the case as soon as possible, using all proper precautions against surprise.

By order of Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus:

W. A. GIRDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE POST,Cumberland, Ky., March 17, 1864.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cairo, Ill.:

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that information has been given me to-day by Lieutenant-Colonel Dobozy, of the Second Tennessee Heavy Artillery, as follows:

A contraband reported to him to-day, having just come from Paris, Tenn., that at that town he saw and counted 500 guerrillas; that on the road leading from Paris to this place he counted 216, about 10 miles from Paris, and about 25 miles from there 130 more, making an aggregate of 846; and that as far as he could hear they were making for may field and Paducah. i would again respectfully urge that I be allowed to employed a scout.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUDSON LAWRENCE,

Colonel Thirty-fourth New Jersey Vols., Commanding Post.

