
General Ransom's order. I communicated with General Vaughn fully as to Kedd's breach of arrest and escape. I also sent two men in pursuit of him, but I have little thought of capturing him very soon. He rode an uncommonly fine horse, and is a very shrewd villain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. HUMES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment Second Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 7, 1864.

This officer should be dropped from rolls as a deserter.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

COUNTY COURT, April Term, 1864.

On motion, the chairman of court appointed L. M. King, F. W. Earnest, and Joseph R. Anderson a committee to memorialize Lieutenant-General Longstreet, through this court, to grant relief ot the citizens of this county form depredations form soldiers, and report immediately to this court.

BLOUNTSVILLE, April 4, 1864.

STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Sullivan County:

SIR: We, the undersigned citizens of said county, being a committee appointed by the worshipful county court of this county to draft a suitable memorial to you in behalf of the citizens of the county, do most respectfully submit the following:

This county has furnished in all about 2,000 troops for the defense of the South and Southern institutions, a large number of whom have left poor families dependent upon the citizens for support, and owing to the present system of impressments and the daily violations of the laws governing the impressment of supplies we are utterly unable conservator of our rights, and in the name of humanity and the cause of Southern independence we appeal to you for protecting and relief. Families are being daily robbed of the supplies absolutely necessary for their support, by officers of the army, claiming to be authorized by you, while a well-organized system of robbery is carried on all over the country day and night, the only authority claimed for which is the terror of the bayonet. If this state of things continues it will not only demoralize an ruin the army, btu will force good men to quit the ranks and return tot heir homes to defend their families against the excesses and outrages of unprincipled men soldiers, who plunder and rob with impunity when we are already reduced to a bare subsistence. Many of the impressments, we think, made by officers are in positive violation of the law of Congress and the orders of General Cooper on the subject. We are willing, as we ever have been, to contribute tot he utmost of our ability to a cause so vital to our social and political existence. In considera-

