
tion of these things we therefore most respectfully ask you to protect us against further aggressions of the kind, and prevent the further impressment of supplies so necessary to the support of families of soldiers in the field. the exigencies of our situation, should we fail to get that relief which we pray at your hands, will compel us to appeal to the authorities at Richmond.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

L. M. KING,

F. W. EARNEST,

JOS. R. ANDERSON,

Committee.

The foregoing resolutions or memorials being submitted by the committee to the court, the same was unanimously adopted by the court, and it is ordered by the court that David S. Lyon, L. M. King, Joel L. Barker, esq., and Joseph R. Anderson and L. F. Johnson be appointed a committee to present this memorial to Lieutenant-General Longstreet and await his answer, and report the same to the court instanter, together with these proceedings.

A true copy of the proceedings of the court, this 4th day of April, 1864.

Attest:

JOHN C. RUTLEDGE,

Clerk.

TUESDAY, April 5, 1864.

The court had the following proceedings on the report of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

Returned into court the report of the committee, whereupon the court refers this matter to His Excellency Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of American, and appoints L. M. King and F. W. earnest, gentlemen and citizens of Sullivan County, to bear these proceedings to Richmond, that His Excellency may grant such relief as the exigencies of the case demand.

STATE OF TENNESSEE,

Sullivan County:

I, John C. rutledge, clerk of the country court for said county, hereby certify the foregoing to be a true copy of the record as will appear in my office.

Given under my hand and private seal (having no office seal) at office in Bountsville, this 5th day of April, 1864.

[SEAL.] JOHN C. RUTLEDGE,

Clerk.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,April 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The orders in this department require the strictest enforcement of the impressment authority. This is rendered absolutely necessary in order that our troops and animals may be partially fed. If we cannot get supplies from the East we must soon be forced to take more than the law allows to avoid starvation.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

