
[Second indorsement.]

General Bragg, for attention.

the indorsement of General Longstreet does no touch the complaint of the citizens against illegal seizures, robbery, &amp;c.

J. D.

BLOUNTSVILLE, TENN.

April 6, 1864.

The comminute to whom the worshipful court referred the foregoing memorial would state further (without any intention of boasting) that the citizens of this county on the whole are as loyal as any within the Southern Confederacy, and as such have a right to claim and expect protection from wanton abuses on the part of our own army. They have contributed all their surplus to the use of the C. S. Army, even to a deprivation of their common pursuits in agricultural interests. This county has already paid into the C. S. treasury as war tax upward of $100,000, as will appear from the files in said office. Notwithstanding all this, and much more that could be said in our behalf, the citizens of this county are willing to abide the acts of Congress and General Cooper's instructions on impressments; yet when within the last few days the whole county has been stripped by forage and commissary wagons (in many cases without even a receipt being given), one universal wail of lamentation has to beborne with this memorial in behalf of many families to you for relief. They are to-day dependent upon the C. S. Government for supplies, and it is believed and hoped you will grant them. This county has to-day quarter upon it the whole of General Longstreet's army from its length and breadth, which will of necessity make it a dependency upon the Government before any relief can reach us for the supplies of soldiers and other families. We trust you will not turn a deaf ear to the complaints of a people who still struggle to maintain their loyalty to the C. S. Government.

F. W. EARNEST,

JOS. R. ANDERSON,

L. M. KING.

ABINGDON, April 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON, Zollicoffer:

You will move with your infantry and the battery of artillery now with you, by easy marches, back to this place. You will leave with General Jackson the cavalry which now reports to you, and give to that officer such general instructions as you may think fit. Start to-day or to-morrow, as you wish.

J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABINGDON, April 29, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE:

Whartons' brigade, by written orders from Adjutant-General's Office, is ordered to report to you at Dublin Depot. I am to-day sending it to Glade Spring. Shall I direct it to continue its mach by rail to Dublin? Please answer at once.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

