
APRIL 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Commanding Department of Mississippi:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have finished inspecting Loring, French, and Lee, and am not only pleased greatly with the appearance of the troops, who in discipline and drill are superb, but am glad to find that all the subordinate general officers cordially approve the plan of the campaign. I will be glad to have Major West join me at Montgomery on the 5th May, and hope as I pass to see you.

I am, general, with high respect, your friend and obedient servant,

GEO. B. HODGE.

JACKSON, TENN., April 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Enemy reported pressing horses and shops to prepare for a move against me from Memphis. Have the regiment on Tallahatchie left by General Chalmers, and will send Colonel Duckworth, of Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, to watch their movements; also will keep you advised.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, April 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Johnson has just informed me that he has received in- structions from General Bragg to throw his cavalry forward. This cannot be done at present, because the cavalry destined for that part of my line has not yet returned from North Carolina, and all the rest of my cavalry is concentrating at different points for a necessary purpose. I will explain more fully by mail.

Please inform General Bragg that his orders, if given direct to me instead of to my subordinates, will be executed with the utmost promptness whenever practicable.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully submitted to General B. Bragg.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF CONFEDERATE STATES,May 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Adjutant and Inspector General.

Please inform General Buckner he had been relieved of his command and it had devolved on General Johnson before General Bragg's order was given.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MAY 2, 1864.

See telegram to General Buckner.

J. W. R.

