
and energy and courage, and I believe we shall have no difficulty in getting up the proper combination. The funds to secure the transport will, of course, be needed. If the Department, therefore, is giving commissions to parties to raise commands to attack the enemy's boats on the river, to operate in my department, I respectfully ask that they may be directed to report to me and be placed under my orders.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-I find upon the examination of the resources of the department that I have very nearly field guns enough to equip the battalions with the batteries proposed, and shall get a large number of the mules and horses required for them from the plantations on the river in the hands of the enemy. I ask funds necessary to procure the transport, which I can manage through the use of cotton.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY,Tuscaloosa, Ala., April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Commanding Brigade Cavalry:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter from Demopolis, General Lee directs me to say that he wishes you to return to Montgomery and to complete as rapidly as possible the organization of the brigade which you are now forming.

As soon as the organization is completed the general request that you will notify him of the fact, and that you will also report as soon as possible its present condition and prospects.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY,Tuscaloosa, Ala., April 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Demopolis, Ala.:

COLONEL: I have nothing special to report as regards the enemy in North Alabama, not having received any reliable reports for several days. I am still of opinion no offensive move is intended against Middle Alabama, and that Decatur is re-enforced, as it is threatened, by Roddey. Roddey and Clanton have arranged to cross a large part of their commands, and before this I should have had the result of their operations and more definite information as to intentions of the enemy.

Jackson's division is about Carthage, and Ferguson near the railroad opposite Contreville. While in Jones' Valley he had to move daily and exhausted the supplies where he went. He was compelled to move to his present position to get supplies by rail and draw a small supply from the country. The railroad (branch) northeast of Montevallo could not supply him, and owing to deficiency of transportation on the railroad he says now that he will not be able to

