
simple to state that so far as I am charged with official misconduct, or the reception of bribes in any form, the charge is absolutely false, the coinage of a disappointed traitor.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 62. Memphis, Tenn., March 17, 1864.

* * * * *

IX. The citizens of the country of Tipton, Tenn., having by a large majority enrolled themselves to preserve life and property and to keep the peace within said country, and pledged themselves in writing so to do against all persons except organized forces of the United States or of the Confederate States, it is ordered that no troops of this command shall enter said country, except under written orders from the commanding officer at Memphis, and that no property of kind shall be taken by military seizures within said country. This privilege will continue so long as the said citizens shall in good faith perform the said agreement,a nd the same privilege will be extended to other counties which shall in good faith adopt and carry out this course.

* * * * *

By ordered of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 1. Nashville, Tenn., March 18, 1864.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Military Division of the Mississippi, embracing the Department of the Ohio, Cumberland, Tennessee, and Arkansas; headquarters in the field with an office at Nashville, Tenn., where all return and reports will be addressed.

II. Major R. M. Sawyer, assistant adjutant-general, is announced as adjutant-general of the military division, to whom reports will be addressed. The staff for the division will be selected and duly announced in orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, March 18, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Knoxville:

GENERAL: I am just arrived and assumed command. General Grant leaves for the East to-morrow. I have had a full conversation with him, and to enable him to fulfill his plans I can merely foreshadow coming events. You will put Longstreet from up the

