SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,Numbers 61. Greeneville, March 9, 1864.

* * * *

Major W. M. Owen, artillery, Provisional Army Confederate States, is assigned to duty with King's battalion, and will report to Lieutenant Colonel J. Floyd King.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TEXAS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Benton, Miss., March 15, 1864.

Captain MOORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant Taylor, commanding scouts of this brigade, reports the enemy's cavalry (three regiments) came out from Vicksburg yesterday and camped at their old position on Clear Creek. My scouts have been within 3 miles of Vicksburg, and from the best information they could learn General Sherman's army left on the 10th. Seventeenth transports went up the river. The Yazoo expedition made no stop at Vicksburg, but continued on down the river. They admit a loss of 80 wits and 200 blacks at Yazoo City. The enemy is trying to form ont he ball ground, Prairie Place. have about 100 men their armed, some whites. There is also a force of negro troops at Haynes' Bluff, 2 miles distant. I have no report from my scouts on the Mississippi River of any boats passing up. If the above is true about the seventeenth transports leaving Vicksburg on the 10th going up the river, they have not yet had time to report it.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV.

Numbers 6. Benton, Miss., March 18, 1864.

I. No officer nor soldier of this command is authorized to appropriate any species of captured property whatever without permission from these headquarters, and if any one shall be known to sell or otherwise dispose of such property, or shall fail to make prompt reports of any and all captures he may make, he will be arrested and tried for embezzling public property. Mules and horses captured, under whatever circumstances, belong to the Government, and the brigadier-general claims the right to say when such property shall be given to the parties who captured it, as a reward for their services.

II. All officers and men of this command are earnestly enjoined and requested to arrest and bring or send to these headquarters all stragglers, deserters, paroled prisoners, and conscripts with whom they may meet. It is expected that each officer and soldier will make it his special duty to question every man he sees, whose age appears to be within the limits prescribed by the conscript act; to find out his reasons for not being in the ranks, and if his case is not sufficient to entitle him to exemption under the law, or if he can show no*

* * * *

---------------

*Rest of order missing.

---------------

