
regiment, but had been intimidated by demonstrations from the men of his command and had left camp and gone to a private house to spend the first night, and left for my headquarters the next morning. When I arrived at camp I inquired of Major Ross the truth of the matter. He could give me no information, further than that soon after Colonel Wharton arrived a note was handed him (Colonel Wharton), and afterward he and Captain Rosamond, of Company D, had several private conferences. Neither the contents of the note nor the matter of discussion between Colonel Wharton and Captain Rosamond was know, I think, to Major Ross, but he was satisfied that it related to the opposition in the command to Colonel Wharton. Colonel Wharton then went to a private house, spent the night; came back next morning, and I think asked Major Ross for advice and what demonstrations had been made by the men. He was informed by Major Ross that about 150 men came after dark to Colonel Wharton's headquarters and inquired for him. Being informed that Colonel Wharton was not there, they retired. Colonel Wharton then came to my headquarters, and when I met him he said he could not remain in the regiment. I again told him he might rely upon my assistance, but he was of the impression that his life would certainly be taken if he attempted to establish himself, even for a short time, in command of the regiment. I then advised him to resign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS.

P. S.-It would not be improper to state that Colonel Wharton will do Major Ross the justice to say that he was willing to discharge his duty by sustaining his superior officer, without fear or favor.

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV.,

Numbers 8. Pritchett's Cross-Roads, Miss., March 27, 1864.

The brigadier-general is aware that there exists among the men and officers of this command an erroneous idea that by mutinous conduct and threats of desertion they can establish their ideas of military discipline and rid themselves of officers with whom they happen to be displeased, and save themselves from deserved punishment by threats of breaking up the regiment by cowardly sneaking to their homes or other fields, bearing with them the lasting stigma of deserters. Such a cowardly course only injures themselves and causes no regrets to their officers or loss to their country. Before such an unmilitary and demoralizing precedent should be allowed in the brigade it would be far better to our cause that such men were out of the service. They do their country service only when they make good soldiers, and when they cease to be such and disregard military law and discipline it is the determination of their officers to enforce it or break up the command in the attempt. The disgraceful and unmilitary conduct of some members of the Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry has brought upon the command a lasting disgrace and a stain that will forever darken the heretofore fair fame of this truly noble and gallant regiment. No one can regret the fact more than the general commanding the brigade, as his reputation

