
and feelings are so closely and strongly identified with them. But it [is] his determination to sacrifice personal interest and attachments in the enforcement of discipline and crush this mutinous and rebellious spirit that has manifested itself in the brigade. Company officers are remiss in the discharge of duty and stand quietly by and suffer those whom it is their duty to command to ignore military authority without an effort to advise or check them, though it is as much their duty to lose their lives, if necessary, in upholding military authority and discipline in their commands as it is upon the battle-field. The Texans have won a name for glorious achievements, gallant deeds, and soldierly qualities unequaled by any troops in this department. yet this unruly spirit is known to exist among them and greatly detracts from their reputation, and the major-general commanding has been forced to confess that notwithstanding the enviable reputation this brigade enjoys he regards them as being very uncertain on account of this spirit. This was extremely mortifying to the brigade commander to hear this reproach cast upon command in which he has ever felt the greatest pride, and he hopes that the brigade may henceforth merit the unqualified approbation and entire confidence of its superior officers by their soldierly deportment as well as gallantry ont he field of action.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

[D. R. GURLEY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF E. TENN.,Numbers 10. Bristol, April 12, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel J. Floyd King will report with his battalion to Major-General Buckner, commanding division.

II. Major A. Leyden will report with his battalion to Major-General Buckner, commanding division.

III. Major W. M. Owen is hereby relieved from duty with King's battalion, and assigned to duty with the Washington Artillery, Petersburg, Va.

By command of Brigadier-General Alexander:

JAS. C. HASKELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV.,Numbers 5. Five-Mile Creek, Ala., April 25, 1864.

The organization known as Evans' Scouts is hereby dissolved, and the officers and men composing it will at once return to duty with their respective companies.

By order of Brigadier General L. S. Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

