
valley as far as you can, and prepare to break up the railroad back toward Knoxville. Hold Knoxville and the gap. Also arrange to have a force of cavalry, infantry, and light artillery on the waters of the Big Sandy in the direction of Prestonburg, which must secession on the country, and not locate, but act so as to threaten or attack any force coming from the northeast. Your main army should at once be organized for offense, ready at the proper time to drop down to the Hiwassee, to move in concern with the main army. I am aware of the of the difficulties you have in maintaining g your army. Appoint good officers to take charge of this branch of your business, and accumulate stores rather at the Hiwassee than at Knoxville. You route of advance will be most probably by Spring. Keep your own counsel; discourage the presence of all strangers; make the citizens feed themselves,a nd if they are likely to consume the reserve of the country facilities their removal to the rear. The necessities of war must have precedence of civilians. Write me fully and frankly always. I will see you in person as soon as I can.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, March 18, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

Colonel Flank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, has this day been ordered to report to you in person in arrest. You will cause your judge-advocate or some other staff officer to prepare charges against him based on his recent speech in Kentucky, nd cause, as soon as practicable, a general court-martial to be convened for his trial.

By ordered of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 18, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

SIR: The commanding general directs that your command remain oft the present at Mossy Creek and hold the position unless threatened by a superior force of the enemy, in which case you will fall back to Strawberry Plains. Two brigades of General Wood;'s division are ordered to Rutledge, and both portions of the command will make use of all available means to keep constantly informed of the movements of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Klein will remain, with his cavalry, attacked to your command until further orders, and Colonel Garrard will cross the Holston with the remainder of the cavalry at Troglan's (a little below mouth of mossy Creek) and will report to General Wood. The remaining brigade of Wood's division will be at Strawberry Plains. Colonel Crawford, chief of scouts, with his employes, will remain at Mossy Creek, and telegraph operator will be ordered to report to you there.

