
The commanding general desires that Crawford's scouts be kept actively at work, and test as toughly as possible the truth of the removed intention of the enemy to make a raid into Kentucky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,New Market, March 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps:

SIR: Your command will march in the morning to Strawberry Plains. From that place you will immediately furlough and send home all veteran regiments re-enlisting. You will then leave the smallest brigade at Strawberry Plains and march with the other two to Rutledge. At that place Colonel Gerrard, with his cavalry, will report to you, and you will open communications with General Garrard at Cumberland Gap, and co-operate with him in watching the movements of the enemy on the north side of the Holston, and preventing any movement into Middle Tennessee or Kentucky. You will so dispose your force as best to accomplish this design, taking care to preserve the ability to concentrate you command in time to meet any movement in force on the part of the rebels.

You will communicate promptly to these headquarters all information you may receive, sending a courier at least once a day. Information which ought to be quickly know to General Stoneman at Mossy Creek, you will communicate also to him by courier by way of the fords of Holston,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff:

KNOXVILLE, March 18, 1864.

Major-General GRANGER,

Loudon:

The company of heavy artillery is wanted here. The 3-inch guns, it seems, were sent for Henshaw's battery, and will also be required. General Tillson will send a section of a battery to Loudon with men. Cannot the section which you send to Hiwassee be returned? I am told there are two batteries now there.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tenn., March 18, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Mil. Div. of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report for your information the following as the position of the troops of the Army of the Cumberland:

The Twelfth Corps (Scolum's) at Fort Donelson, Clarksville, Gal

