
latin, Nashville, and on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad as far south as Bridgeport.

Two regiments of negro infantry and a regiment of Tennessee cavalry on the Northwestern Railroad.

Stokes' Fifth Tennessee Cavalry at Sparta, operating against the guerrillas, who, under Hamilton, Ferguson, Carter, Murray, and Hughs, have infested that country since the war commenced.

The Eleventh Corps (Howard's) on the railroad, between Bridgeport and this place.

This place is garrison by eight regiments of infantry, one regiment of negro troops (Fourteenth U. S. Colored), one company of siege artillery, and six batteries of field artillery, dismounted. The post is commanded by Brigadier General James B. Steedman.

Two divisions of the Fourth Corps, under Gordon Granger, and the Tennessee brigade of infantry, are on detached service with the Army of the Ohio in East Tennessee.

One division (Stanley's), Fourth Corps, is stationed at Blue Springs (5 miles in advance of Cleveland, on the railroad between that the place and Dalton) and at Ooltewah.

The Fourteenth Corps (Palmer's) is posted as follows: One division (Johnston's) at Graysville, with a strong outpost at Parker's Gap; one division (Baird's) at Ringgold, and one division (Davis') at McAfee's Church, about 8 miles in advance of this place, on the Ringgold wagon road, with a brigade advanced to Gordon's Mills on Chickamauga Creek, at the crossing of the road from this place to La Fayette.

Two brigade of cavalry are at Cleveland, one at Ringgold, and one division at Huntsville, when the regiments taken away by Brigadier-General Smith for the Mississippi expedition return from Memphis.

The troops occupy strong positions, and are favorably placed to guard the railroad to East Tennessee and the Charleston railroad, so far as occupied.

Signal stations are established in the most favorable position for observing the roads and the country for 6 or 8 miles in advance of the camps, and the officers on duty have instructions to report immediately all movements of the enemy which they observe. I have telegraph and signal communications with every camp, as well as by courier. I also get information from Dalton every two or three days by two different routes, brought by persons who are unacquainted with each other; so far their reports have been confirmatory. They reports the following troops at Dalton: Hardee's corps, composed of Cheatham's, Cleburne's, Walker's, and Bate's division; Hood's corps (late Polk's), composed of Stevenson's, Stewart's, and Hindman's divisions; Roddey's cavalry, and two brigades of Wheeler's cavalry.

Johnston commands the army in person. He has about 40,000 infantry, three batteries to each division, and between 10,000 and 11,000 cavalry, with two batteries of artillery. There are very few troops in Rome; about 10,000 State troops at Kingston and Etowah bridge; a small force at Resaca.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

