
BRIDGEPORT, March 18, 1864.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major-General SLOCUM:

I have just returned from reconnaissance to Trenton and southward. Did not ascertain location of any large bodies of the enemy.

Some squads are reported in Will's Valley.

I captured 6 rebel soldier belonging to Cleburne's division.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WOODSVILLE, ALA.,

March 18, 1864.

Major R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, huntsville, Ala.:

The commanding officer of the Twelfth Missouri Infantry just returned from the river with his regiment and some eighty wagons of forage. He saw the rebel pickets on the south bank of the river, and had information from different parties that they would come across to attack him, but he was not molested in any way. The officer could not find out positively that any rebs had crossed within the last four days. Colonel Dage, with a portion of his regiment, mounted on mules, will be at the rived, near, and scout the whole country thoroughly.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

March 18, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Forrest has mounted his whole command ; was at Tupelo night before last, bound, I think, for Columbus and Paducah. General Dodge, should, I think, be order on his flank. My cavalry have not horses enough to mount one-third, but I will have them moving.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., March 18, 1864.

Brigadier General R. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

SIR: It is reported that Forrest with about 7,000 men was at Tupelo last night or night before, bound for West Tennessee. Bring your cavalry at once into the best state of efficiency and watch him closely. I think be means Columbus or Paducah. Inform General Buckland fully of all matters you learn. Hire scouts at any price and if he swings north hang on his rear with such infantry as can

be spared. I will see to his reception at Columbus.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

