
PADUCH, KY.,

March 18, 1864.

Brigadier General H. T. REID,

Commanding District of Columbus:

I have received the arms called for; am quietly distributing them, and have everything in readiness if the contemplated attack should be made. You will hear from me again. I am fully and reliably posted as to their intention and manner of doing it. I am now fully prepared to see them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

Much 18, 1864-10.55 a. m.

Governor JOHN BROUGHT,

Columbus, Ohio:

The Twelfth Regiment Ohio Cavalry will be ordered to Nashville, Tenn., unless otherwise directed by General Grant. Colonel Ratliff will be relieved from court-martial.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 19, 1864.

General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Nashville, Tenn.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I sent you herewith your commissions as brigadier-general in the Regular Army. My only regret is that it is not for a higher grade, but that I think will not be very long delated. I have strong hopes that you will be appointed in the vacancy made by General Grant's proportion.

I congratulate you on your new command. It certainly is an important one, and your troops are good. There, however, are some elements in the higher grades that may give you trouble unless you are continually on your guard against their intrigues. Be very cautious in what you say and do, for they will be ever ready to take all possible advantage.

Write to me freely about all your affairs.

Yours, truly.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, March 19, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Permit me to urge that the troops intended for this command be forwarded as soon as practicable. Longstreet is making preparations as if for raid into Kentucky or Middle Tennessee. If this is is design it can be prevented by a successful advance here before he is ready, and I believe in no other way.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

