
KNOXVILLE, March 19, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

The Ninth Army Corps is now here waiting for transportation. On account of the difficulty in obtaining transportation by railroad, I propose to send the greater part of the corps via Camp Burnside to Lexington, while the sick and baggage are sent by rail. They can march across in less time they can go by rail, and the effect on Kentucky may have a beneficial effect, it there is any truth in the reports of impending triable there. Please inform me whether you approve of the suggestion.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Strawberry Plains, March 19, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Twenty-thirty Army Corps:

SIR: Your dispatch of this morning is received. The commanding general has supposed that Captain Fry and Treat would provide regularly for the wants of the corps, in addition to the duty required of them here temporarily, and does not desire them relieved of the corps duty. Officers in those department are few, and he wishes to continue the present arrangement unless the necessities of your command demand their continued personal presence at corps headquarters. In that case he would endeavor in some manner to relieve them here and supply their place. The medical director, as well as Colonel Crawford and the scouts, are ordered to report to you and will be with you to-morrow at furthest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 19, 1864.

General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send herewith your commission as brigadier-general in the Regular Army, an appointment long delayed, but most fully earned. In this statement not only the Government and the Army but the whole country will concur.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

ATHENS, March 19, 1864.

Major-General LOGAN, Huntsville:

Phillips has been to Tuscumbia and into Russell Valley up to Mount Hope. No forces only at latter point, where two regiments of re-enlisted infantry and Tenth Alabama Cavalry are stationed. It is understood infantry went there to be furloughed.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

