
near Rutledge. He is directed to open communication with you and to co-operate with you in observing the movements of the enemy north of the Holston, and in meeting any attempt he may make at a raid into Kentucky or Middle Tennessee. Communicate with General Wood frequently and keep him advised so far as you may learn of the strength, possession, and movements of the enemy.

I have received your letter of the 15th to General Potter. Your information agrees nearly with that I have from other sources. No doubt the enemy may attempt a raid into Kentucky of Middle Tennessee, in what force it is difficult to conjecture. We must anticipate and prevent it if possible, and if not, them be prepared to meet it as well as we can. Write me fully frequently, giving the strength, position, and character of the enemy in your front and vicinity.

I observe in your return of the 10th of March, although you have a regiments of cavalry and one of mount ted infantry, you report your entire forces as infantry and artillery and report no horses. Is it true that your entire force is dismounted? I notice also a large number of the Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry "absent without authority." Do you know where they are? Have any steps been taken to bring them back to duty?

Your force should not remain on the defensive except when compelled to by the strength of the enemy or other unavoidable circumstances.

Omit no opportunity to strike the enemy when you can do so to advantage. I will increase your force soon if it shall appear to be necessary.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MOSSY CREEK, March 20, 1864.

General j. D. COX,

Acting Chief of Staff;

The parties that were at Dandridge, McFarland's Cross-Roads, and Morristown return last night. No enemy at Dandridge. A small scout had been at McFarlan's Cross-Roads. A party of thirty came down yesterday to our outer pickets, but were not afterward seen.

The party picked up 13 citizens on the way back,killing one of the citizens. Vaughn's cavalry reported as having gone toward Jonesborough or north. Enemy's force still in Bull's Gap. Armstrong himself gone to Georgia and Buckner to West Virginia. Lieutenant-General Hood gone to D. H. Hill's corps, Field, Johnston, and McLaws each in command of his own division. Great destitution Longstreet's army and much dissatisfaction.

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

CLEVELAND, March 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent a strong scout on the Dalton road, drove in the enemy's outposts, and found a brigade about 6 miles below Red Clay. The only movement in the rebel lines is that caused by change of camps.

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

