THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1863.
New Seiues.....No. 58.
ever the officers and men who are in the field with |
their arms in their hands will surrender the flag
or the independence and integrity of these United
States to any power whatever. We shall go
through all our difficulties, and the Republic will
survive us; and it will be through the energy and
the courage and the endu-rance of the men who are
willing to fight where fighting is to bedone. Any
other mode in which an attempt shall be made to
save this country but by arms will be a failure,
and will, if attempted, sink us into a pool of degra-
dation and disgrace. It is by the swords,the rifles,
and the cannon, and by the stout arms of our men
who are in the field, that the country is to be saved.
Let us encourage them. Let us, instead of en-
deavoring to provide as suggested by brevet rank
and ail that, which confers nothiqg substantial—
though as an acknowledgment of a gallant act in
the field a brevet may be well—give them their
commissions and their promotions.
I know that many gentlemen talk about the
officers being here in the city. I have no doubt
that there are among our officers some who have
been nominated under a mistaken opinion of their
capacity and theirfitness for their places. It is the
duty of the Executive to strike them from the
rolls. Thoy ate a discredit to the great number of
gallant men who are to be found at theii posts. If
1 had the power, I would do it before the sun rose
in the morning; I would dischaige them, and put
better men in their places. The Executive has the
power to do it. He should do it. But we should
not refuse to £ive commissions and command to
good men. For myself, my whole heart is with
our volunteers who are in the field, whether they
are offireis or men, and I shall vote for this bill.
Mr. POWELL. I will say one word in favor of
the motion that 1 have submitted. I have taken no
pai t in tins discussion. 1 believe that two bundled
brigadier generals are enough to command all the
armies we have m the field. They are enough, if
you estimate four thousand to a brigade, to com-
mand eight hundred thousand men in the field.
That matter, however, has been discussed, and 1
shall not go into it. The reason why I desire to
have the bill recommitted to the Committeeon M'l-
itary Affairs is that i find a great variety of opin-
ion among the members of that committee. They
are not agreed. We have heard as many as three
opinions to-nightfrom thai.committee. Now, 1 de-
sire this bill to go back to the Committeeon Mili-
taiy Affairs; they will have all the suggestions
that have been made by Senators who have dis-
cussed it, and let themairree on a bill and send it
back,and the Senate can pass it m ten minutes, I
have no doubt, ifthey comehereunited. Letthem
consider this matter of brevet rank. If they think
that will serve, let them give us that. Let them
considei how many men you want m the field; and
if you want more than eight hundred thousand
men, provide for more than two hundred brigad icr
generals; if you do not want more than eight hun-
dred thousand men, do not provide for any more,
for that number is enough The pay of these
generals is a vast amount of money, very many
thousand dollats, and m these times you ought to
be careful upon that matter, i hope the bill will
be recommitted, and that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs will give it their attention, and will
agree on a bill among themselves, and when they
report such a bill here they may expect the Sen-
ate to agree upon it.
The motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
timer"
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading, and was read the third time.
Mr.lciNG and Mr. POWELL called for the
yens and nays on the passage of the bill, and they
wore ordered: and being taken, tesulted—yeas 22,
nays 14; as follows:
YE W—Alexis. Anthony,Clark. Collamcr, Cowan. Dix-
on. Doulitlle. I'Vssemlen, Foot, Fo<tei, Iliirri*. ttentler^oiu
Hicks, Howard. Howe, King. Lane of Induim, fv.ineot*
Kruwis Morrill, Sumner, Ten Kyck, Trumbull, and Wilson
of Massachusetts—22.
58
NAYS—Messrs. Carhle, Chandler. Grimes, Harding,
Harlan, Powell, Rice, Richardson, Sautebury, Sherman,
Wade, Wall, WjJkm&on, and Wilson of Mi&houri—14.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KING. The title ought to be changed.
These officers are not exclusively for the volun-
teer service; they are to be for the drafted men as
well as the volunteers. It should be "A bill to
authorize an increase in the number of major gen-
erals and brigadier generals for the forces in the
setvice of the United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title will
be so amended.
ORDEK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 467, to preventand punish frauds upon the
Government of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall make no objection
to taking up the Senator's bill. I think it ought
to be taken up and acted on; but it has got so late
in the session that I shall feel it my duty to-mor-
row at one o'clock to move to take up the finance
bill; not to antagonize it with this, however.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall have no objection to
that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 12, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repie-
sentatives of the 12th ultimo, respecting: the out-
standing liabilities of the Agricultural Bureau of
the Patent Office.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. TRAIN asked consent to make a per-
sonal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. TRAIN. I wish to state that on Monday
last, when the vote was taken on the canal bill, I
wasconfincd to my room by illness and was paired
with my colleague, Mr. Rice. I notice that the
fact was not announced m the proceedings of the
House. If 1 had been present, I should have voted
for the hill, and he would have voted against it.
TENNESSEE ELECTIONS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a matter personal
to myself—a favor I have not before asked since
I have been a member of the House. I have a
bill which I have been endeavoring to introduce
for many days. It relates to my immediate con-
stituents, and I now ask the consent of the House
to introduce it.
There being no objection,
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill to provide
for the election of Representatives to Congress in
the State of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Elections.
NEW yOItlv AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. FENTON. I ask theconsentof the House
to report a bill to provide for the construction of
a national military and postal railroad from New
York to Washington.
Mr. NIXON, and Mr. STEELE of New Jer-
sey, objected.
YELLOW STONE EXPLORATION.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the present
House five thousand copies of Captain Reynolds's explora-
tion of tho Yellow Stone river in I860, to be printed in
pamphlet form.
SABBATH SERVICE PROGRAMMES.
Mr. CLARK, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the Sabbath services
of the llou^e of Representative* five hundred copies of the
progiainme of such services for each week.
' Mr. HOLMAN. Is this the report of a-com-
miuee ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amountappropriatedia
very small; the expense is very trifling; but it does
seem to mc that there are many reasons why we
should not commence this mode of increasing the
expenses of that department. It is generally be-
lieved that we are going to diminish the expenses
of the legislative department of the Government;
but if we are to print these programmes of the cler-
gymen about the city, or of our Chaplain, from
-Sabbath to Sabbath, it must be seen that it opens
the door for a very largely increased expenditure.
I do not wish to consume the time of the House,
but I do wish to protest against this extravagance
which this resolution is to inaugurate.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. 1 am sorry that my
friend from Indiana should object to the printing
that is proposed by the 'resolution of the Com-
mittee on Printing. For one, I can say thatinat*
tending public worship in this Hall on the Sab-
bath Ihave found great convenience—as I have
no doubt the gentleman from Indiana has, for I
have seen him occasionally here—in having these
programmes printed and placed upon ourdesks. I
trust we will not begin reform in this way, but
that we shall permit gentlemen who are in the habit
of worshiping from Sabbath to Sabbath here to
have this convenience extended to them.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will under-
stand that it is not a reform that 1 propose. It is
an objection to an invasion that the resolution in-
augurates. It is something that, in my judgment,
should not be done under the authority of the
House.
Itistrue that I do see thegentleman from Maine
here occasionally on the Sabbath, though not
often of late; but I do not think we are authorized
to print, from Sabbath to Sabbath, for the ben-
efit of the few gentlemen of the House who may
be here with their constituents that may be visit-
ing with them, the programme of proceedings, with
the hymns that are to be sung.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until order has been restored.
Mr. HOLMAN, (after a considerable pause.)
Is it in order to move that gentlemen be requested
to take their seats >
The SPEAKER. The Chaii has repeatedly
called on them to take their seats.
Mr. HOLMAN, (after another pause.) I rise
to a question of order. It will be in' the power of
a single member to interrupt the proceedings of
the House for twenty hours, if 1 am to wait until
every gentleman takes his seat.
The SPEAKER. Unless gentlemen resume
their seats, the Chair will direct the Sergeant-at-
Arms to seat them. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 will not detain the House.
I simply wished to call the attention of the House
to the extraordinary character of this proposition,
and to protest, for one, at the very outset, against
such an innovation as is pioposed.
Mr. CLARK. The amount involved is very
small, and I hope the House will have regard
enough for those who attend these Sabbath ser-
vices to pay for the printing these programmes. I
demand the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; ajd the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ELIOT called for tellers on th^ adoption
of the resolution.
Tellers were ordered.
