1863.
T£E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the
assignment of any day for the consideration of
these hills.
Mr. AeSHLEY. Will any other day suit gen-
tlemen upon the other side?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No/sir; I think we
had better get back the States which are absent
before we make provision for any new States.
Mr. ASHLRY. Then I withdraw the report.
Mr. BLAKE. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Teiritories.
Mr. WJCK.LIFFE. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the gentleman from Ohio has no right
to withdraw his i eports after they are once made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not re-
port the bills, but only proposed to report them,
m order that the House might set apart a day for
their consideration.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. He reported them, and
they were read twice.
The SPEAKER. They were not read twice.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. a hey were reported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
state the facts correctly. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
TERRITORY OF LANAWA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Territories,reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No.
492) to provide a temporary government for the
Territoiy of Lanawa.
The bill was laid on the table.
LAND TITLES IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 624) to facili-
tate the settlement of land titles in the Territories
of the United States which are or may hereafter
be organized.
The bill was laid on the table.
Mr. ASHLEY. I wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which my reports in refer-
ence to the formation of new States were recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER. They were not recommitted,
because the gentleman did not report them. The
Chair stated to the House that the gentleman de-
sired the House to set apart a day for the consid-
eration of two or three bills which he desired to
report.
t Mr. ASHLEY. Then I will report them now,
and have them recommitted.
The SPEAKER. That will be in order if re-
ported one at a time.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR NEBRASKA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill to enable the people of Nebraska
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of said State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States; winch
was read, and recommitted to the Committee on
Territories. ^
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill to enable the people of Nevada to form
a constitution and State government, and for the
admission of said State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States; which was read,
and recommitted to the Committee on Territories.
STATE GOVERNMENT FOR COLORADO.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill to enable the people of Colorado to
form a constitution and State government, and for
the admission of said State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States; which was
read, and recommitted to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
PENSION ACT.
Mr. HARRISON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill to amend an act en-
titled 44 An act to grant pensions, "approved July
14, 1862: which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
POST ItOAD BILL.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill, supplemental to the
act approved July 14, 1862, entitled " An actto
establish certain post roads, and for other pur-
poses.5'
The bill was read.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to have this bill put
upon its passage; but before that is done, f wish
to state that an act, to which this is proposed to be
supplementary, was passed at the last session, giv-
ing authority to certain railroad companies whose
roads terminate on the Ohio riverabove the mouth
of the Big Sandy, to construct bridges across the
Ohio. That act is particular in its provisions, and
guards the rights of those who navigate the Ohio,
as carefully as it can possibly be done; but the
omission of that bill was that the privileges which
were extended to those companies whose roads
terminate on the Ohio above the mouth of the Big
Sandy were not extended to those whose roads
terminate below the Big Sandy. By this supple-
mental bill I propose to enable certain companies
below to enjoy the same privileges as are extended
by the original act to those above the mouth of the
Big Sandy. I suppose there can be no objection
to tins bill from any side of the House. I presume
this' thing of partial legislation for the benefit of
one section of the country to the exclusion of an-
other from the enjoyment of the same privileges
will not be persevered in by this House.
Mr. McIiNIGHT. 1 would ask the gentleman
whether he proposes to press this bill to a vote
now, or simply to fix a future day for its consid-
eration ?
Mr. MALLORY. I intend to press the bill to
a vote now.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Then I hope the gentle-
man wiil allow me to be heard.
Mr. MALLORY. This matter is perfectly well
understood by the House. It was discussed dur-
ing the last session of Congress, when the original
bii! was under consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move that the House
proceed to business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. MALLORY. it request the House to al-
low the bill to be printed.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be punted.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that the order
to print the bill does not alter its condition at ali ?
The SPEAKER, it does not, and the gentle-
man will be entitled to the floor when the bill
com^s up again.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The motion of Mr. STEVENS was agreed to,
and the House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the business upon the Speaker's ta-
ble, when the following communication and bills
were taken up, and disposed of as indicated below:
GENERALS NOT ASSIGNED TO COMMANDS.
A communication from the Secretary of War,
in answer to the second and third brandies of the
resolution of December 10, 1862, as to the num-
ber and names of major and brigadier geneials not
assigned to actual commands; also the names and
ranks of their respective staffs; which was laid on
the table,and ordered to be printed.
INDEMNITY FOR INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
An act (H. R. No. 582) for the relief of per-
sons for damages sustained by reason of depreda-
tions and injuries by certain bands of Sioux In-
dians, with'the amendmentof the Senate theteto.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Whereas the United States heretofoio became hound by
trentv stipulation* to the Sis?<'toi\VVahpaton. M^dau akan-
t<>n. and Wahp.ikoota bands of tne Dakota oi Sioux Indi-
ans to pay huge Mim-sof moriev and annuities the greater
poition of whicn lomams unpaid according to tile teuns of
siid tr>'aiv snpnlarmns and whei ea> during the past yeai
the aioiesaid band'5 of Indians marie an unpiovoked, ag-
gressive, and moat savage win upon the United States. and
massacred a large number of men. women, and children
. within the State of Mmne-oia, and destroyed and damaged
I a large amount of propertj. and theieb\ have forfeited ali
! jiMcidim to tin* s.ud money- ami annuities to the United
1 States,; and whereas it is just ami equitable that thr persons
I whose property has been destroyed or damaged bv the said
Indians, or deployed or damaged by the troops ot the Uni-
' ted States in *aid war, should be indemnified m whole or
in part out of the indebtedness and annuities so forfeited
as. aforesaid : Therefore,
Be it enacted, $c.t That ail treaties heretofore made and
entered into by the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton,
and Wahpakoota bands ofSioux or Dakota Indians, or any
of them, with the United States, are hereby declared to be
abrogated and annulled, so far as said treaties or any of
them purport to impose any future obligation on the Uni-
ted States, and all lands, rights of occupancy; annuities,
and claims heretofore accorded to said Indians, or any of
them, to be forfeited to the United States.
Sec- 2. wjnrf be it further enactcd. That two-thirds of the
balance remaining unexpended of annuities due and payable
to said Indians for the present fiscal year, not exceeding
$100,000, and the further sum of $100,000, being two thirds
of the annuities, becoming due and payable to said Indians
during the next fiscal year, is hereby appropriated and shall
be paid from the Treasury of the United States, out of any
moneys not otherwise appropriated, to the commissioners
hereinafter provided for, to be apportioned by them among
the heads of families, or, in ease of their decease, among the
surviving members of families of the State of Minnesota
who suffered damage by the depredations of the Sisseton,
Wahpaton, and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota In-
dians, or by the troops defending in behalf of the United.
States in the late Indian warm the State of Minnesota, not
exceeding the sum of $500 to any one family, nor the actual
damages aforesaid, and no moneys shall be paid under this
section except upon those claims which shall be presented
to said commissioner* on or before the 1ft day of June next,
for the paymentof which the said commissioners shall take
and return to the Secretary of the Interior and to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury duplicate vouchers therefor, certified
by them.
Sec 3. And beitfuither enacted, That, for the purpose Of
making the proper distribution of the moneys hereby appro-
priated for the present relief of such families, and lor the
purpose of ascertaining the whole amount of said damages,
and the persons who have snffeied the same, it shall be law-
ful for the President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint three commissioners, not more than
one of whom shall he a lesident of Minnesota, who shall
take an oath m the manner prescribed by the laws of the
Untied States tof.uthlully dischaigetheii duties.; they shall
entertain and hear the complaints? (m writing, duly verified
on oath.1 of all andeveiv person aggrieved by thedepieda-
tions ot said Indian*, and by the troops ot the United States
in said war; they shall have pmvt,r to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses, and to administer the propel oaths to
them to testily the truth; they shall have power to compel
the claimants to be examined and ctoss-examined on oath,
to be administered by them, as to their said claim; they
shall hold their serious at such times and places as will
give the persons complaining the fairest opportunity of ven-
ding their claim with the least expense: they shall take
care that no unjust or fictitious claim shall be established,
and if they have any reason to suppose that any such claim
is presented, they -hall have power, and it shall be their
duty, to procure any countervailing proof, to their knowl-
edge, that tlie same may be finallv rejected. The testimony
of the witnesses, and the examination of the complainant,
shall be reduced to wilting, signed and ccrtifit d by them,
respectively, and shall, with the petition and ail the papers
relating to each case, with the finding of the commlvstou,
be transmitted to the Secretary of the lnterioi for his ap-
proval, rejection, or modification, to be by him laid before
the next Oongtess. A majority of the commission may se-
lect their presiding officer, and shall be competent to decide
alt questions ausmg before them.
Sec. 4. And be xt further enacted, That said commission-
ers shall hold their fii-ases-ion at St Peteis in the State of
Minnesota, on oi before the 1st day of April next, for the
hearing of claimants, and that all claims must be presented
to said commissioner on or before the 1st day of September
next, or the same ^hatl not be heard by them; and the said
commissioners shall make and return their finding, and all
the papers relating thereto, on or before the 1st day ot De-
cember next.
Sac. 5. Andbc it further enacted. That said commission-
ers shall receive tor their services «md expenses the sum of
$2,500 each. And they are authorized to depute a pi oper per-
son to summon witnesses, vvho shall be entitled to receive
his actual evpen-es, to be allowed by said commissioneis,
and (he sum of tlneo dollars per day for his services. Wit-
nesses feubpeuaed in behalf of the United States shall re-
ceive pay not to exceed the fees allowed by the laws of
Minnesota for witnesses attending justices'' coiuk And
foi paying the expenses of said eoimm«ion the further sum
of $10;000 is heieby appiopnated outof the said annuities
in the Trea?uiy of the United Slates, or so much thereof
as may be neeessniv to paj the same.
Sec*. G. Jiml be U further ena> ted. That the Secretary of
the Interior, immediately after the passage of this act, shall
cause the same to be published in torn of the newpapeiu
of the State of Minnesota which, in his opinion, will give
the most publicity to the same among the people who have
suffered by "aid depredations, and give notice of the first
meeting of t-aid commissioners, the expense', to be paid out
of the sum appropiiated in the next pieceding section.
Sec. 7. And he it fui ther enacted, Thatifthe complainant
or an\ witness testifying before said commissioners shall
be guilty of perjury, upon conviction thereof in thp proper
couit of the United States, he shall suffer the pains and
penalties prescribed by the laws of the United States for
that offense.
Sec. 8 And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized to set apart of the public
lands, not otherwise appiopriated, efghtv aeies m severalty
to each individual of the before-nam.'d bands who exerted
himself in leseuing the whites from the late massacre of
said Indians. The land so set apart shall not be subject to
any tax, forfeiture, or sale, by process of law, and shall not
be aliened or devised, except by ihe consent of the Presi-
dent of the United States, but -hall be an inheritance t< 
said Indians and their heirs forever.
Sec. 9. And be il jurikec enacted. That the said commis-
sioners may make rules not inconsistent with this act pre-
8cubing theoidti and mode ofpieaentmg, prosecuting, and
