sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
proving said claims before them, whicb rules shaH be pub-
lished in one newspaper in the city of St. Paul and one in
St. Peters for at least two weeks prior %o the first session of
said commission, to be held at St. Peters, as directed in the
fourth section of this act, and the expense of such .publi-
cation shall be paid out of the fund appropriated in the fifth
section of this act.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said com-
missioners, "before .entering upon the discharge of their du-
ties as such, shall give bonds in the usual form to the United
States in t#c sura of $30,000 each, with good and sufficient
security-,"to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
faithfully to discharge their duties as such, and to accouut
for any moony which may coiae into their hands.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate; and on that
motion i demand the previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, I rise for the pur-
pose of moving that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on (he Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota was entitled to be recognized.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to make a
single remark, if the gentleman from Minnesota
wiiif withdraw the previous question.
Mr. ALDRICH. I cannot do it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senate, and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered;and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The later motion was agreed to.
INDEMNIFICATION BILL.
Bill of the House (No. 591) to indemnify the
President and other persons-for suspending the
privilege of the writ of habeas co?7>u-s,and acts done
in pursuance thereof, returned from the Senate
witn an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
was then taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope we shall non-concur
and refer the mutter to a committee of conference.
Mr. COX. I move to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. No motion is in order until
the amendment has been /ead, and then the gen-
tleman who originally introduced the bill will be
entitled to be recognized.
The amendment of the Senate was then rend.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a motion to which
I think the gentleman will agree, and that is to
refer this matter to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, This is a very important bill, and the amend-
ment ought to be printed. We do notknow what
it is. I ask the gentleman to allow that motion
to be made.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I do not yield. As
I understand there is some desire to have this
matter discussed, I move to postpone its further
consideration until Tuesday next, after the morn-
ing hour, and on that motion I ask the previous
question.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow debate at that time?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to everything
out of o der.
Mr, VOORHEES. I hope I shall be allowed
to ask the question. It will obviate a great deal
of trouble if the gentleman will answer if.
[Cries of41 Object."]
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order at this
tune.
Mr. VOORHEES. Can I not ask a question?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
from Pennsylvania withdraws the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the previous question to enable me
to ask him a question.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to get on with some
business to-day and I therefore insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, Can I withdraw my motion
The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. COX. I presume that motion will be with-
drawn if the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
answer the question whether he intends to allow
debate or not.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
gentlemen must conform to the rujes.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask to be excused from
voting on this question. ^
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot receive a %
request of that kind upon a motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on Mr. Voorhees's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
29, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.William Allen, Ancona, Biddte, Calvert,
Cox, Grider, Hall, Harding, Kerrigan,'Knapp, Mallory,
Menzies, Morns, Noble, Norton, Nugen, PendJeton, Rob-
inson, Shiel, John G. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Vallandigham, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Chilton A.
White, Wickllffe, and Yeaman—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Daily, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamoerlain,
Clark, Clements, Coll'ux, Frederick A. Conkhng, Covode,
Ciavens, Davis, Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Pessenden,Thomas A. D. Fessen-
den, Fisher, Francliot, Frank, Gooch, Granger, Guriey,
Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Hiuchins, Julian, Keiley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kiilinger, Lansing, Leary, Lehman,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mclndoe, McKean, MeKnight,
McPherson, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Ohn,
Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins,
James S. Rollins, 8aigent, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shella-
baraer, Sherman. Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Walker, Wallace, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Wirjdom, Worcester, and Wright—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll call,
Mr. FRANCHOT stated that Mr. Roscoe
Conkling was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Crittenden
was detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr, Lazear had
gone home sick.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that there
be a call of the House; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it be in order for me
now to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. STEVENS. I make that motion, for the
purpose of going on with the naval appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask to be excused from voting
on ih'- motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 demand the yeas and
nays on excusing the gentleman.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I rise to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. There is a privileged ques-
tion now pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. VALLANDlGrHAM. Do allow us to get
out of this difficulty.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the consent of the
House to make a statement. [Cries of" Agreed."]
I understand that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has moved to postpone the consideration
of this bill until next Tuesday for the purpose &f
having it considered. I do not understand that
he proposes to cut off debate at that time.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask consent of the House
to make a statement.
No objection was made.
- Mr. VOORHEES. Ifthegcntlcman from Penn-
sylvania will state that it is his purpose to post-
pone this bill till Tuesday next at a fixed hour,
and then to allow debate for a reasonable length of
time, this difficulty will end at once. That is all
we want.
Mr. STEVENS. If I am permitted, I will say
that when I made the motion to postpone, I said
I understood that certain gentlemen wished to de-
bate the question, and that I therefore moved to
postpone it until Tuesday.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is enough.
Mr. COX. 1 hope, now, that ail these motions
will be withdrawn.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. With that under-
standing, that the gentleman made the motion to
postpone for the purpose of allowing debate, I
withdraw the motion for a call of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. And 1 withdraw the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. *
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Tuesday next, after the morning
hour; and the amendment of the Senate*was or-
dered to be printed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the bill to provide
a national currency, &c., received from the Sen-
ate this morning, be taken up and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I object.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION SIUNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled ajoint resolution
(H. R. No. 144) to compensate the sailors on the
gunboat Cairo for loss of clothing; when the
Speaker signed the same.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the stateof the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burne in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the naval appropriation bill.
The pending question was on the following
amendment offered last evening by Mr. Roscoe
Conkling.
Provided, That no midshipmen shall be dismissed, ex-
cept for misconduct, from the Naval School until the ex-
piration of the u^uiil term, anything to the contrary in this
act notwithstanding.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of or-
der; but before submitting it, I would like to sub-
mit a remark or two.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that debate upon this bill has been closed by order
of the House. By unanimous consent the gentle-
man can be heard.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I make a point, and I have
a right to say something upon that. I know it is
not m order to discuss an appeal, but it is to dis-
cuss a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the rule or 0
practice of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky raises a point of order;
otherwise I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Will the Chair have the
rule read that prohibits discussion on questions
of order when they are first raised ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan- will state to
the gentleman from Kentucky that all debate of
whatever nature has been cloyed by order of the
House i
Mr.'WICKLIFFE. The question of order is
raised on an amendment, and 1 am^ot aware thai
the previous question was moved on that amend-
ment. If it was, I will yield, of course. But I
presume that a question of order is a subject of
reasonable discussion, although an appeal from
the decision of the Chair is not debatable. The
point of order which I make is that this amend-
ment is out of order, it being inconsistent with the
provision of the bill to which it is attached. The
House cannot do indirectly that which it cannot
do directly. The Committee of the Whole has
decided that these midshipmen shall be dismissed,
and this amendment declares that they shall not be.
The CHAIRMAN. The present occupant of
the Chair raised the same point of order yester-
day, and it was overruled by the then Chairman.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I kn ow that. But tho
Chairman yesterday decided wrong; and therefore
I tried the present Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN. Ifthepointof order were
presented as an original question, the Chair would
sustain it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The amendment ia Nearly
out of order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I believe the opinion of the
present occupant of the Chair is correct; and
therefore I appeal from the decision.
