1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91T
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that this same point on this amendment, having
been already overruled, cannot be now enter-
tained.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair cannot enter-
tain mor#1 than one point of order at a time.
Mr. SARGENT. But my- point of order is
that the pther is nut a point of order at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffe] raises the point of
order that the amendment olfered by the gentle-
man from NewYoik [Mr. Roscoe Cockling]
is not in order on the ground that it is original
legislation on nn appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. And that it is inconsistent
with what has been already inserted in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The rule as laid down in
the Manual is, that if an amendment be proposed
which is inconsistent with one already agreed to,
it is a fit ground for its rejection by the House;
but it is not within the competency of the Speaker
to suppress it. In conformity with the decision
yesterday, the Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would seem from the read-
ing of this rule that the decision of the Chair yes-
terday was correct. I therefore withdraw the ap- I
peal.
The question being on Mr. Roscoe Conkling's
amendment,
Mr. SHEFFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment waa rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out" $25,880" from the last paragraph and insert-
ing " $3,000:" no that it will read, for preparing
for publication the American Nautical Almanac,
§3,000." It is a well-known fact that the statis-
tical portion of this Almanac is prepared by those
who I ready receive salaries from the General
Government, and therefore no portion of the ap-
propriation goes to their benefit. But so far as
the printing of the Almanac is concerned, I un-
derstand that $3,000 is amply sufficient for that
purpose, and that the work can be done mjustas
good style at the public printing: establishment
here. I refer the. House to the fact that at last
session evidence was laid befoie the House by
Mr. Defrees, the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, that the printing can be done as well here as
at Cambridge and at a cost of £3,000.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN called for tellers on
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, S, C. Fes-
senden* and Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes Is, noes 76.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in as an additional section:
k?Ec. 3. Jlnd be U further enacted. That the Secretaiy of
the Navy be, ami he li'^teby is. autliou2"d to purchase, in
t-ueh uuuini'r he deem most advantageous to theGov-
cnmit-nt, tlic flour lequiicd lor naval u-e. the same to be
of the irn^t appiovnd bi.uuK Vnd that le1 is fuithej author-
ized to have the br^aii tortile Xa\\\ baked tiom tins flour,
either bv * preml contract under naval inspection, or m one
or nioic hakeues, to he lured by Imn tor any term not ex-
ceeding thiee ycajs. And to employ proper superintendents
and worknvn, .puichasp fuel, and' do all oth^r necessary
acts to .-eeme a -uflici^nt supply of th" best bread for the
u-e onheNavy; the expanses incurred under this section
to he defrayed fiotu the appropriation for provisions herein
made
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that that
amendment is not in order.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It refers to the disposition
of an appropriation already made, and does not
ask any additional appropriation. I offer it at the
request of the ISuteau of Provisions and Clothing,
on this statement of facts. The contractors for
flour for the present year have, on account of the
depreciation in the currency or the rise in the
puce of llonr, a!! foiled; and the very ihing now
asked to be legalized by this amendment had, of
necessity, to be done withoutthe sanction of law.
The flour furnished for bread for the Navy is not
of a suitable chcuocter. mid grows sour on long
voyages or fbieign stations. Probably ten per
cent."of the quantity furnished has become spoiled,
for the reason that the flour, after being made up
into bread, cannot possibly be inspected so as to
deteinvne whether it is of suitable quality. The
D-'paitment has heen imposed upon by old flour
that had soured, and that had been chemically
treated.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point of order that
the amendment proposes to change the law—a
very wholesome law—that these contracts shall
be given out on advertisement to the lowest bid-
der. This amendment proposes to open up the
old system, giving these things to friends. The
amendment proposes to alter the law, and is there-
fore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of older. This is independent legislation in
an appropriation bill, and is therefore in violation
of the rule of the House.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move the following
amendment as an additional section:
Sec. 3. And be it fuither enacted, That there shall be paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopri-
ated,thrj several certificates issued by the accounting officers
of tlieTren>ury Department to the officers, sailors, marines,
and crews ot the Congress and Cumberland, or other per-
sons, provided for by the act of April 1862, entitled "An
act to provide for the equitable settlement of the accounts
of officers and crews ot the irigate Congress and other ves-
sels."
Under the law referred to, the accounting offi-
cers of the Tieasury have settled the accounts of
these crews, and have issued certificates of the
amounts found due; but the Treasury Department
declines to pay these certificates without further
direction of Congress. It is to authorize their pay-
ment that thi>  ptovision is necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. What amount does this ap-
propriate?
Mr. SEDGWICK. A very small sum.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 707, making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending June 30, 1864.
The bill having been read through, the Clerk
proceeded to read it by clauscs for amendments.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Chan man, I understand that
the appropriation of $200,000 recommended for
fortifications at New London was recommended
on the condition that that point should be ulti-
mately selected as a naval station; and 1 suggest
that a proviso to that (fleetshould be attached to
the appropriation. There is another thing to
which I wish to call the attention of the committee.
There is now before the Committee on Military
Affairs a recommendation of the Secretary of War
for an appropriation of $200,000 for the comple-
tion of the defenses of Washington. That appro-
priation is not contained in the present bill. I
think it is not in the annual estimates which were
j sent to the Committee of Ways and Means, but
: in tile report of engineers who were directed to
: make an examination of these defenses, and re-
; poi t to the Government what their condition was,
: and the amount of money, if anything, required
i to put them in a condition for the defense of the
j capital. Extracts from the report were sent to the
| Committee on Militaiy Allans, with the rccom-
' mendation of the Secretaiy of War and of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, that an appro-
priation of $200,000 be made for that purpose. If
I had known that tins bill would come up at this
time, I would have been prepared to lay before
the House this report of these engineers with the
recommendation of the Secretary of War m refer-
ence to that measure. If it be the wish of the
Jiouse, 1 suggest that it would save the neces-
sity of bringing in an additional bill if the appio-
prtafioii were to be attached to this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. We have reported these ap-
piopnations just as the estimates were sent to us,
but I have no doubt the statement the gentleman
makes is correct; and m order to accomplish both
purposes the gentleman mentions, I suggest that
the appropriation of $'200,000 for the defense ot
New London harbor be stiicken out, and that in^
its place there be inserted an appropriation of
$300.000 for completing the defenses of the city
of Washington.
Mr. OLIN. I have no special objection to that,
though I think it would be still better to add the
piovlso I have suggested to disappropriation for
the defenses of New London harbor, and that
the impropriation of £200,000 for completing the
defenses of Washington be inserted as an inde-
pendent paiaaranh.
Mr. STEVENS.
I have no objection to that
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that the bill
has been read for amendment? I understood it
was only read for information.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. McKnight in the
chair.) The bill has not yet been read for amend-
ment. The gentleman from New York(Mr.OLiN]
obtained the floor and is entitled to it for an hour,
the debate not having been limited on the bill.
Mr. COX. I wish the gentleman from New
York would speak loud enough to be heard on
this side of the House.
Mr. OLIN. It is very difficult to halloo louder
than everybody else in the House, or to be heard
when all are talking. I was saying that in the bill
which has been read an appropriation is made of
$200,000 for the defenses of the harbor of New
London. Thatappropriation, I am authorized by
the War Department to say, is only desired ia
case that point is selected as a naval station. If,
for instance, the proper authorities of the Govern-
ment determine to select some point on the Dela-
ware—at League Island, perhaps, insteadpf New
London—no apppropnation is desired for the de-
fenseofNew London. I suggest, therefore, that a.
proviso be attached, under which the appropria-
tion shall not be expended unless New London is
selected as a naval station.
I also stated that, upon the report of a board of
engineers, appointed oy the War Department, to
examine the defenses of Washington and ascer-
tain their condition, and whatamount, if any, will
be required to complete them, the Secretary of
War has transmitted to the Commitee on Military
Affairs such extracts from that report as he deemed
proper to be disclosed to the public, recommend-
ing nn appropriation of $200,000 for the comple-
tion of these defenses to defend the capital against
our domestic enemies, and against our foreign
enemies, if we have any such.
I proposed, therefore, in order to prevent the
necessity of the introduction of a separate bill for
that purpose, an item of appropriation of $200,000
for the completion of the fortifications around
Washington, should be inserted in this bill.
Now, if the committee has understood the ex-
planation I have endeavored to make, they are as
well prepared to vote upon this bill now as they
will be at any future period.
The following clause of the bill was read:
For Fort Scannnel, Portland harbor, Maine, $150,000.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if this appropriation is estimated as sufficient to
complete this work of defensor
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot judge of that. I
will, however, say to the gentleman that I have
never found the original appropi iation for a fort
to be sufficient to complete it. Although we have
often seen attached to such appropriations pro-
visions that no more shall hereafter be appropri-
ated for that purpose, I never yet knew any atten-
tion to be paid to such a provision. I remember
that there was such a provision attached to the
first appropriation of §200,000 for erecting a cus-
tom-house at Charleston, and yet they went on
until they got $1,500,000 before they stopped. I
therefore take it for granted that this appropria-
tion will not be sufficient to complete this work of
defense. The appropriation here made, however,
is all that is estimated for by the head of the War
Department.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out the appropriation of
"$150 000," and inserting in place thereof
" $200,000."
Now, Mr. Chairman, a few days since we had
before us a bill for the enlargement of the Mich-
igan and Illinois canal, for the improvement of the
1II mo is river, and for the enlargement of the locks
of the Erie and Oswego canals. The ground upon
which this measuie was urged was that it was a
military necessity, that it was for our military
defense. Now, sir, I wish to suggest to the House
some reasons for enlarging this appropriation for
the defense of the sea-boaid of Muine.
The first reason I present is the geographical
position of Maine in its relation to the provinces
of Great Britain, and in its relation to the Union.
If you will look upon the map you will find that
the State of Maine stands as a wedge'driven up
to the but between the provinces of New Bruns-
wick and Canada. You will find that so f&r as
Maine is concerned, she is, as it were, in the
middle of a foreign Power. In case there should
