918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
be a war with Great Britain or with France, the
first attack would be upon the State of Maine.
The British North American colonies extend
across the continent from ocean to ocean, with an
extent of territory larger than that possessed by
the United States. Now look, 1 say, at the geo-
graphical position of the State of Maine. It is
such as will show conclusively, to any one who
will glance at it, that she needs imperatively that
her fortifications shall be placed in the most effect-
ive position, looking only to her location in rela-
tion to Great Britain alone.
But what is her position in respect to the Union?
She stands as a frontier State; she stands as one
of the outposts of the Union. We very well know
that in the war of 1812 she was without military
defense; her harbors were unprotected; and what
was the result? From Castine to St. Croix Gieat
Britain had possession of her harbors. And we
have practically no more defenses in point of fact
to-day than we had then. Great Britain has al-
ready authorized measures, understood as war
measures, in her great lines of railroad to provide
for the contingency of a future war.
As to our defenses to-day, we have some four
or five forts, but none of them are completed.
There is a fort at Eastport. There is one at the
mouth of the Penobscot, FortKnox. There are
forts in the harbor of Portland. Surely with these
forts uncompleted the harbor of Portland cannot
be defended. We come here, therefore, and ask
that there shall be an enlargement of the appro-
priations for the defense of the State of Maine.
We ask to have that enlargement upon the ground
that she has done everything in her power to show
that she is a loyal State. She has furnished, to
put down this rebellion, more than her quota of
men for the Army; she has given more than thirty
thousand men for the defense of thecountry. She
has furnished more men, in proportion to her pop-
ulation, to the regular and volunteer Navy of the
United States than any other State. Wc feel,
when provision is being made for the construction
of forts of defense in other parts of the country,
that a large appropriation should be made to de-
fend the harbors of Maine. That State has an
extent of three hundred miles upon the ocean to
be defended, and a coast-line of some three thou-
sand miles. On that sea-board of three hundred
miles we have more than one hundred towns at
which ships can be built and manned. General
Totten, in the report that he makes in regard to
the defenses of Maine says that every town of con-
siderable importance should be protected. And
Secretary Seward, in a lengthy communication
which he made on this subject calling the attention
of the executive of Maine to the importance of de-
fending that State, said that it was of the highest
importance that measures should be taken, and
directly taken, for the purpose of defending all of
her hat bora.
In 1851 and 1852,Mr. Conrad, Secretary ofthe
Navy, recommended that some ten places should
be defended on the coast of Maine, As I have
stated, we have four or live forts on that coast,
but they arc incomplete, even at this day. Now, if
there be any ground for the danger, as portrayed
the other day by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Olin,] of a collision of this nation with for-
eign Powers, we ought at once to look to the de-
fense of our sea-ports.
Mr. PORTER. Will the gentleman from Maine
state to the House what is the amount appropri-
ated by this bill for fortifications for the State of
Maine? Is it not $700,000? I had thought that,
since the invention of iron-clads, the expense for
land fortifications was to be lessened; but, instead
of that, an unprecedented amount is now asked for.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. The gentleman in-
quires what amount is appropriated in this bill for
Maine. I put the question to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, whether it was
a sufficient amount to complete the fortifications.
Mr. PORTER. Dors not this bill appropriate
$700,000 for the forts on the coast of the State of
Maine?
Mr. S, C. FESSENDEN. I think it does.
Mr. OLIN. task the gentleman from Maine
to yield to me for a moment to make a single sug-
gestion. In"reference to the coast defense of the
United States, the engineer department of the
Government has furnished this House with the
results of its experience and investigation on this
•very subject. The appropriations of this bill are
what that Department has recommended to us. I
therefore ask the House whether it is not, under
all of the circumstances, the best policy to accept
these appropriations as the best thing for the coun-
try in our present exigency. If any gentleman
thinks that he knows more about engineering and
about the necessity for these forts, if he knows
more than the skillful engineers in the service of
the United States, then let him submit his plan.
For one, I think that we ought to abide by the
judgment of those whose special business it is to
understand the question of these fortifications.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
it is said that we should yield to the judgment and
experience of these engineers, and I suppose that
it is proper that we should do so. 1, for one, am
willing to do that. I wish to call the attention of
the House to one fact—that while this bill pro-
vides for fortifications for the Pacific and Atlan-
tic sea-boards, for the Gulf coast, and for the de
fense of the entire Northeast, not one dollar is
provided to be appropriated for any part of the
border of the North and Northwest; that our en-
tire lake coast is ignored, and not at all" consid-
ered in this matter. Yet, it is said that we should
subniit quietly to these recommendations of our
engineers, when they have not proposed an ap-
propriation of one dollar for the West. I want
to call the attention of the House and the coun-
try to the fact that when we proposed to defend
the lakes by the improvement of the Illinois and
Michigan canal so that gunboats could get into
the lakes to defend them, and that when it was
proposed to return to the Treasury every dollar
that might be expended, the measure was defeated
in this House. That is where the interests of
the Northwest are left and proposed to be left by
this Congress. I have said all that I desire to
say in bringing this fact to the attention of the
House. *
Mr. OLIN. *Let me suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois that his speech is out of place, and
ill-timed. The Departments of the Government
have not neglected, or proposed to neglect, the
Northwest. On the contrary, every Department
of the Government has recommended its protec-
tion. We have done all that we could to secure
that protection. I did as well as I could to secure
that protection. We have been voted down, and
the best way is to acquiesce peaceably.
Mr. COa. I would like to know of {he chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, why
it is that appropriations of $6,500,000 for the'New
England and other States are put in an omnibus
bill, and the Northwest is left out in the cold?
Why did he not include appropriations forall the
States in one bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman him'self
is one of those who voted against the great meas-
ure for the protection of the Northwest.
Mr. OLIN. It was supposed that the policy
of protecting this northwest frontier could only
be accomplished by the means suggested by the
Administration and acquiesced in by every de-
partment of the Government. It was submitted
to the judgment ofthe House. Nobody in or out
of the Administration supposed that you could
construct forts along the chain of the great lakes
that could protect anybody against a fleet of gun-
boats upon the lakes. Nobody supposed it; and
therefore the Government has not been guilty of
the folly oferecting forts along the lake coast of four
thousand miles in extent. This is the only policy,
that can secure the supremacy of the United States
on these lakes. The Government recommended
it to the House, and the House voted it down.
Yrt we are asked by some gentlemen, querulously,
why does not the Government do something to
defend the great Northwest? They are the gen-
tlemen who have voted down the only measure
that any man out of a lunatic asylum ever sug-
gested for the defense of those great lakes. I do
not complain of it. I am content with the record.
Mr. COX. I do not know to whom the gentle-
man refers when he talks about querulous com-
plaints. He is the last man to talk about queru-
lous. We all know that. The remark is suggestive
that I voted the other day against a project that
was brought in here. This is another matter. If
fortifications are good in one place they are good
in another. I would rather trust the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means on that sub-
ject than any of the engineers. I want to know why ;
it is that fortifications to the extent of §700,000 I
are needed in the State of Maine, and that not a
dollar is needed for Lake Erie and Lake Ontario?
To be sure, in the West, in the late war, when
Great Britain attacked the State where I live, a son
of New England improvised a Navy.
A Member. A son of Rhode Island.
Mr. COX. I like that better. We had no for-
tifications then; but if fortifications are good now
in the State of Maine, why not in the Northwest
as well? This bill, 1 suppose, is got up upon the
theory of Secretary Seward, that there is danger
of a collision with Great Britain. And this enor-
mous appropriation, much larger than is usually
appropriated for that purpose, has been urged for
the express purpose, as is avowed here, to get up
a large system of defenses in case of a war with
Great Britain. Now, I would like to know, of
some gentlemen who are in the secrets of the Ad-
ministration, and who understand diplomacy,
whether there is any such imminent danger just
now of a war with Great Britain that we should
raise about seven million dollars, one half of which
will have to be paid by the ten million people of
the West, for the purpose of paying out money
by the thousands and millions to fix up the ports
of the State of Maine—a State which may, some
day orother, slide over into Canada. For all we
know, Canada may be willing to receive Maine,
and Maine, in the various schemes of disruption
which are going on now, may be willing to go.
We cannot tell what a day or an hour may bring
forth. Our people do not want to pay so large a
price for defending these harbors wheu we do not
get anything in return in the proper shape—not
the shape proposed by the bills of the gentlemen
from New York and Illinois the other day.
In conclusion I desire to say that this bill is en-
tirely local in its character, and it does not appeal
to the general interest in such a way as to com-
mand the general support of this House. There-
fore, I say to gentlemen when they vote upon it,
to scrutinize it carefully, item by item. To me,
the most surprising thing is that the gentleman
from Maine, who has#800,000in this bilf,should
come forward here and move an amendment for
$50,000 more. That is utterly astounding. I am
surprised that he should have called the attention
of the House to the enormous amount which his
State gets under this bill, and especially by his
motion to increase the same.
Mr.PIKE. Will the gentleman yield tome?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. For a moment.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to know from the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] whatauthority
he has for saying that the State of Maine may go
off to Canada? I wonder if he thinks the speech
he makes here, like the one he made to the mob
in New York, will have any influence in the State
of Maine? I tell him, as I told him the other day,
that when he butts his head against any part or
New England, th$re is very much more danger to
his head than there is to any even the softest part
of New England. The State of Maine is an in*
tregal part of this Union, and is fighting in good
faith to maintain the entire integrity of our bor-
ders.
But I take this to be a matter of mere jest and
joke. I say, as to these appropriations which hav#
been talked about, that the State of Maine, very
properly by her situation, is to ho defended as th«
key of the defenses of the Northwest. Gentlemen
who have looked upon the map, and who under-
stand the geography of that section, know this,
that the St. Lawrence is navigable but between
five and six months outof the twelve. England.
Great Britain, that bloody old bruiser that we all
look to for foreign war,must come through the St.
Lawrence to the lakes,and is, of coui&e, confined
to the time when that river is navigable. Shq
has just now guarantied a loan of $15,000,000 in
order that she may have a system of railroads ex-
tending from Halifax to the extreme portion of
Canada. This is avowedly a military railroad, by
the aid of which, in conjunction with her system
of canals and the river St. Lawrence, Great Britain
may be prepared, in case of necessity, for hoi
chance upon the Northwest and the North.
If the gentleman asks me my opinion of tin
danger of an attack, I say I do not fear it. The
events of the last year have demonstrated that we
are impervious to an attack from abroad.
This system of appropriation is no new thing,
but it has been going on through a series of years,
made by Administrations of all political complex-
