THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. February 1%
MAYNARp. Suppose that motion p<*e-
Vailed in committee, and the bill were reported to
tiie House, does not the House then act upon the
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question, before the
Jjousse would be simply on concurring in the re-
port of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. la not this motion in com-
mittee of the same effect as the previous question
in the House, cutting off all debate?
The CH.41RM,AN. It is not for the Chair to
^nswer that question, even if the Chair knew how
to answer it. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Illinois, and Steele, of New York, were ap-
pointed.
TChe committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 5, noes 88.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAYENS. 1 move that the committee
dp now rise.
' The moiion was not agreed to.
Mr. BABBITT. I move to amend by ins.ert-
ijig, at the end of line seventy-nine, " for defens-
ive works at the harbor of Erie, on Lake Erie,
$100,000." I am unable to leai n, Mr. Chairman,
from anything that I have heard on this floor,why,
if these lortifications are such excellent things on
our Atlantic coast fordefenses, they are not equal-
ly good on the great lake coast where we are equal-
ly exposed to an attack from the enemy. The only
reason that I have heard is.that our lake coast is
so large. Why, sir, looking at this bill, 1 find that
these fortifications begin at the very northeast
goint of Maine and extend all around the Atlan-
tic coast, around the peninsula of Florida, along
the Gulf of Mexico, and up the Mississippi river
to Fort Jackson, a line nearly as long, I presume,
as our lake coast line. Now, I do not understand
why it is that the Atlantic coast should be forti-
fied at the expense of seven or eight millions,
while not one dollar is to be expended for fortifi-
cations on the lake frontier.
The point for which I propose this appropria-
tion, is the point which in the war of 1812 was se-
lected in preference to any other point on the lake;
and it is the best point on the lake. In fact, as
has been frequently shown by the reports of en-
gineers, it is the only point on the lake suitable
for the budding of a fleet for the defense of the
lake. If the lakes are to be defended by fleets, we
want defensive works to defend the licet while it
is being constructed. If they are to be defended
by fleets, the place to build them is not on the At-
lantic coast whence they are to be transferred on
an enlarged canal three hundred and sixty-five
miles long, nor on the Mississippi river whence
they are to be carried on a canal three hundred
miles long;, and to be enlarged at an expense of
$13,000,000. No, sir; the point at which to con-
struct aileet for the lakes is where they are wanted,
where are the materials to build them,and where
they can be built at twenty-five per cent, cheaper
than they can be on the Atlantic.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend by inserting
u for defensive works at Mackinaw, §1,000,000."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will state where his amendment comes in.
Mr. SEDGWICK. And intimate where he
desires his fortification to come in. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to make an inquiry.
Is there a fort there now?
Mr. ARNOLD. There has been for many
years. If the judgment of the House is that the
lakes shall be defended by land fortifications, then
by far the most important point is Mackinaw. It
is the key of Lake Michigan, commanding the
entrance through the Straits of Mackinaw. Forti-
fications there will render unnecessary the build-
ing of defensive works at the various towns on
the shore of that lake. That lake is entirely within
our own territory, surrounded by the greatStates
of Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Porter] op-
posed very strongly, the other day, an appropri-
ation for the enlargement of the canals, which
would be, in my judgment, far the cheapest way
of defending the lakes. Yet if it is the determin-
ation of the" House not to defend the lakes in that
manner, then we must ask that they shall be de-
fended in a different manner. If it is the judg-
ment of the House that the best mode of defend-
ing the vast commerce of the lakes is by building
fortifications, then it is time we should commence
to buil l them. While you appropriate $7,000,000
on the Atlantic, it is quite time you*give attention
to the lakes.
This Government has expended $8,000,000 in
works to defend the approaches to the Delaware.
New York has had expended on her fortifications
017,000,000, besides the appropriations asked for
m this bill, to defend the approaches to that grea,t
city; and Massachusetts has had expended on her
fortifications $12,000,000. It is in this way that
the heavy drafts have been made upon the Treas-
uiy. My judgment is, that the cheapest and best
way of defending the lakes is by these canals; but
if it be the judgment of the House to defend them
in the other mode, then I submit to the fairness
and candor of the House that the northern fron-
tier should be taken care of, and that it is time
that appropriations for that purpose should be
made.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Chairman, the coolness
of the gentleman from Illinois is remarkable. He
assumes that every person who voted against the
canal project must be opposed to defending our
lake frontier, when he knows perfectly well that
gunboats can be built on the lakes more cheaply
than on the Atlantic coast, and that if the lakes
are to be defended by gunboats they must be by
boats built on the lakes. He is not serious—no
man is serious—who talks about constructing gun-
boats on the sea-coast and taking them through
canals to the lakes, when they can be constructed
more cheaply on the lakes than anywhere else.
What sane man believes that if we were involved
in a war with Great Britain every gunboat that
we have on the sea-coast would not be necessarily
employed in defending our sea-coast frontier?
Therefore, if the lakes are to be defended by
gunboats, it must be by gunboats constructed on
the lakes.
The gentleman from Illinois says we must vote
now for land fortifications to protect the lakes.
We must vote for no such thing. But when a
proposition comes here to build gunboats on our
lakes for the protection of the lakes, then the true
voice of the Northwest will be heard.
Mr. ARNOLD. For the purpose of reply, I
move to amend the amendmentby adding $200,000
to the amount. I ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana if lie dons not know perfectly well that we are
prohibited by treaty from building gunboats on
the lakes ? He knows perfectly well that we are.
Mr. PORTER. Does not the gentleman from
Illinois know that we have a right to abrogate that
provision of the treaty by giving six months no-
tice ? And I ask him, can we build this canal
within six months? If we are contemplating a
war with Great Britain, abrogate that provision of
the treaty. That is the answer to the gentleman's
argument.
Mr. ARNOLD. Thegentleman does not pro-
pose to abrogate that.treaty. He does not pro-
pose to disturb the relations now existing between
this country and Great Britain. He proposes to
wait till war shall have been declared, and until,
through the Canadian canals, which tha sagacity
of Great Britain has provided, she shall send her
hundred gunboats to the lakes to batter down our
cities and destroy our commerce. Then, and not
til! then, does the gentleman from Indiana propose
to provide for the building of gunboats on the
lakes. Meanwhile we are to vote millions for the
Atlantic coast, and leave to Great Britain the ex-
clusive advantage of canals to bring her gunboats
to the lakes.
Sir, in calling the attention of the committee to
the amount expended for appropriations in New
York, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts, 1 did so
in no invidious spirit. I intend to vote for all the
appropriations for the Atlantic coast, so far as
necessary, and shall not be prevented from doing
so by any vote which any Representative from
that section may have given against the bill for
enlarging the canals. I" merely call the attention
of the House to the fact in order that they may see
how entirely thus far the great commercial cities
and the defenses of the lakes have been neglected.
I hope that a sense of justice will prevail, and that
this Congress will sull, before it shall adjourn,
make such provisions as our exposed condition
and the interests of that section require for our
lake defenses.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I oppose
the amendment merely to afford me an opportu-
nity of saying a word upon the subject upon which
my friend from Illinois has been speaking. 1 think
there was a strong disposition upon the part of
nearly all quarters of the House to vote for the
proposition which was before us some days since,
in reference to the Illinois canal, and for the en-
largement of the Erie canal, if there had been any
satisfactory evidence before us that, as a military
measure, it could be sustained for a moment. ^ I
think the judgment of the House upon the entire
discussion of that measure was clear that there
was no ground upon which the vote of members
co.uld be given for the appropriation proposed other
than upon stiictly commercial reasons. And 1
believed,and the House believed, that in this pe-
riod of ombarrassment and affliction in the Gov-
ernment it was not wise or just to appropriate the
amount of money which was asked for simply for
commercial purposes. 1 venture to say that after
all the discussion and examination of the reports
made upon the subject it was demonstrated to the
House as conclusively as any material fact could
be demonstrated that, as a matter of military de-:
fense, the project would be an entire failure.
Mr. ARNOLD withdrew the amendment, and
; also the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. OUN. I renew the amendment proposed
and withdrawn by the gentleman from Illinois, for
the purpose of enabling me to say a word upon
the subject of this canal bill, which has been
brought forward again in the consideration of this
measure. I was, for one, willing to let the " dead
past bury its dead;" but I have felt too much
interest in that measure, which is again dragged
into this discussion, to listen to suggestions such
as my friend from Massachusetts has just made,
without an attempt to reply.
The gentleman asserts that it was the deliberate
judgment of the House that that measure, recom-
mended as a military measure, was wholly des-
titute of that character, but simply a commercial
measure. Now, let me state a few plain facts that,
to my mind, do justify fully the opinion of the
friends of the measure that it was a military meas-
ure, and one imperatively demanded by the inter-
ests of the country.
Is there a man in thi3 country whose opinion,
iy entitled to any more consideration upon a ques-
tion of this kind, as to whether a vessel could be
so constructed as to be carried through thifs canal
and be serviceable as a vessel of war upon the
lakes, than Ericsson?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That is not
my point. Ltft me say 
Mr. OLIN. I do not yield just now. I assert,
then, that we had the opinion of Ericsson, and
that of itself was an overwhelming reason for the
conclusion .that it was possible, as a question of
naval architecture—and I undertake to say that
there is not a man skilled in naval architecture
who will say it is not possible—by the means sug-
gested in tnat canal bill, to successfully defend
our lake coasts. I repeat that Ericsson asserts
that vessels may be constructed so as to be taken
through that canal which will be as serviceable on
the lakes as vessels of war as any vessels can be.
Now, where is the man in this House who will
undertake to assert that his information upon the
subject of naval architecture is sufficient to enable
him successfully to controvert the opinions delib-
erately made up of such a man as Ericsson? No,
sir, you have got to rely in a matter of this kind
upon the opinions of men whose education and
ability will enable them to judge correctly.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is not answering my argument. I stated
no such proposition at all.
Mr. OLIN. Then of what importance is it to
say that in the judgment of this House as a mili-
tary measure it had no foundation in fact, unless
that judgment was based upon some opinion or
some information from men who are skilled in
questions of this kind, and who are competent to
determine them ? I hesitate not to assert that the
opinion of no man skilled in these questions can
be obtained tn opposition to the one expressed by
Mr. Ericsson. And the friends of this measure
have relied mainly upon the opinions expressed
oy such men in their support of the bill as a mili-
tary measure. It is a fact well known that men
skilled in naval architecture can ascertain beyond
a doubt by calculation what draught of watei a
