m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 13,
-$tas referred the bili (H. R. No* 675) to raise ad-
ditional soldiers for the service of the Government,
have instructed me to report it back  with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, because the au-
thority intended to be given by it*s sufficiently
granted in the twelfth and fifteenth sections of the
act approved July 17,1862, chapter two hundred
and two.
Mr. KING-. 1 desire simply to state that I dis-
sented from thns report, though it is the report of
a large majority of the committee,
BILL BBCOJiMmHD.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, it was
Ordered, That the 11. No. 523) to promote the
efficiency of the corps of engineers, and of the ordnance
aivd quartermaster's departments, and for other purposes,
be recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
($. No. 525) to create the Yellow Stone Indian
agency, and making appropriations for agency,
buildings; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Allaire.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 528) to reorganize the corps of en-
gineers; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 529) for the re-
lief of the Wea, Peoria, Kaskaskia, and Piarik-
ashaw Indians; which was read twice by its title,
und referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
MESSAGE moM THIS XIOCISK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A hill ^No. 707) makingapproprtations for the
construction*, preservation,and repairs of certain
fortifications ami other works of defense ff-r the
year ending 30ih of June, 1864; and
A bill (No. 738) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Montana.
HOUSE BILLS REFBKRBl).
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 707) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending 30th of June, 1864—to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
A hill (No. 738) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Montana—to the
Committee on Territories.
ALMOND D FISK.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 4^2, for the relief of the heirs of Almond D.
Fisk, deceased.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Coumiittc<;of the Whole. J t pro-
poses to authorize Phcbe Ann Fisk, as executrix
of Almond D. I<Vk, deceased, who obtained a
patent for a "new and useful improvement in
coffins," dated November 14, J848, for fourteen
years, which has now expired, to apply to the
Commissioner of Patents for an extension of the
patent for seven years, under the rules and regu-
lations now in force for the extension of patents,
as if she had made application previous to itsex-
piration, as required bylaw; and the Commis-
sioner is to investigate and decide the application
for extension on the same evidence and in the
same manner as other applications for extension
are decided; but the application is to be made
within tliiity days from the approval of the act,
and the decision of the Commissioner to be ren-
dered within ninety days from the filing of the
application in the Patent Office. Nothing in the
act is to be so construed as to hold responsible in
damages any persons who may have manufac-
tured coffins containing the improvement Between
the expiration of the patent and the approval of
the act.
* The Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice proposed an amendment, to insert in line four-
teen, after the word " decided,*' the words " not-
withstanding the surrender and reissue of March
6, I860;" so that the clause will read:
The Commissioner is directed to investigate and decide
the application for extension on the same evidence and in
the same manner as other applications for extension are
decided, notwithstanding the surrender and reissue of
March 6,1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY". I do not understand from
the bill the reason why this is taken out of the
ordinary class of patent cases.
Mr. KING. Is there a report?
Mr. HOWE. There is a report.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the nature of the
case? If the Senator will make a brief explana-
tion, I will not call for the reading ofjhe report.
Mr. KING. I ask for the reaaing of the re-
port.
The Secretary read the following report, which
was made by Mr. Saulsbury:
The Committee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of Phebe Ann Fisk, executrix of Almond I). Fisk,
praying for relief, and the bill accompanying the same, re-
poit:
That it appears from the evidence in the case that the
husband of the petitioner received a potent on the 14th of
November, 1848, a* the inventor of a metallic coffin, or
burial ease; that after the issue of said patent, and to en-
able lnm to commence the manufacture of said cases, lie
erected building*, and provided machinery at an expense of
over ten thousand dollars; that in the fall of 1849 the said
buildings were in the mghl time destioycd by fire, together
with nearly all hi-* machinery, toots, and tiie ca«es in pro-
cess of finishing; that by this calamity the said Almond D.
Fisk lost his yntiie capital, and that by exposure at the time
of the tii e ho took a severe cold, from the effects of winch
he died in the month of October, 1850, leaving a widow,
thi-s petitioner, and four infant children.
That after the said fiie, and before the death of the said
Almond ]>. Pi-k, ho borrowed about the sum of fifteen thou-
sand dollars to enable him to erect other buildings and pro-
cure othei niacinneiy, stock, See., to secure the payment of
which sum he uiougnged bis patent and buildings m course
of erection, machine y, and stock; that in September,
i850, he put the mortgagors into possesion of the mort-
gaged piopeity; thaf the assignee* of the otiginal mortga-
gor surrendered the patent and obtained a reissue on the
tifh day of March, 18(50, tor the remainder of the term it had
to run ; that, hefoie the expiration of the said term, the pe
titioner applied to the Commissioner of Patents tor an ex
tension of the patent for seven years, as it htood upon the
iceord; that the Commissioner decided that he could not
extend the reissued patent of i860, but this decision was
made only a few days beiote the expiuitiou of the original
patent, so that sufficient time was not left to give the re-
quiied notice ot application for the extension of said ori-
ginal patent. And ihe committee turther repoit that it ap
peais fiom the evidence in the ca^e that the said invention
has been valuable to the public and profitable to the said
assigne* s, but that the widow and children of the said Al-
mond 1)- Fi-k have never received any benefit therefrom,
with the exception of a small sum as a gratuity from said
assignees.
The committee therofoie report hack the bill referred to
them in this ease with an amendment, and recomincnd Us
passage.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill does not fully pro-
tect the interests of those who may have com-
menced the manufacture after the patent expired.
Suppose a man has constructed works and ma-
chinery, nnd is making this article now, his whole
capital that has been invested is lost by the pas-
sage of this bill. His rights are not protected merely
by protecting him from any prosecution for in-
fringement of the patent between the expiration
and the renewal of the patent. Any person who
has commenced the manufactuie of these articles
should be protected in the capital he has invested;
and unless there be some such provision in the bill
I shall oppose it, nnd I hope that it will not pass.
Mr. I10WE. 1 really hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will not oppose the passage of this
bill. Here was an invention patented m 1848, from
which neither the patentee nor his family has ever
-derived any advantage whatever, but in the prog-
ress of his efforts to got something out of it, he
sacrificed his life and sacrificed the whole benefits
of the discovery. This patent expired on the 14th
of November last. There has been no delay, no
laches. The very first session of Congress which
assembles is applied to to give the right, not to
have the patent extended, but to have the Com-
missioner hear an application for the extension of
it, and if it shall be made to appear before the Com-
missioner that the extension of this patent will do
great injustice to anybody, the Commissioner will
have it in his power to reject it; but we have no
evidence that it will do injustice to anybody. There
is a very strong presumption that there has been
no amount of capital invested by anybody. We
have no evidence that there has been a dollar in-
vested by anybody. The time is so recent in
which any experiments of the kind could be ven-
tured upon, that that of itself affords a strong
ground to believe that there has been nothing of
the kind; and in- the absence of any proof of that
kind, is there the slightest danger in authorizing
the Commissioner to hear this application? It
seems to me it is a most equitable case.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why did not the parties ap-
ply to the Commissioner within the time?
Mr. HOWE. They did apply to the Commis-
sioner within the time; but there was a defect in
the form of the application. They applied for an
extension of the patent on the principle of the re-
issue which was had in 1860; but the Commis-
sioner decided, just before the 14th of November,
that he could not grant that, but he could have
heard (he did not say he would have allowed) an
application for the extension of th-c original patent;
but this decision was mad« at so late a day that
there was not time to give notice of a new appli-
cation. The 14th of November passed, and thus
the representatives of this patentee, the discoverer,
had no alternative in the world but to apply to this
tribunal to authorize the Commissioner to hear the
application after the time had expired.
J cannot conceive a case that appeals more
strongly to the equity of Congress than this does.
Within a year after this patent was granted to the
discoverer, his whole investment—his buildings,
machinery, everything—was destroyed by fire;
and he, in his efforts to extinguish the flames, so
exposed himself thathis own life was sacrificed in
a short time after that. During the time between
the fire and his death he effected a loan for the pur-
pose of reerccting his buildings; and under the
mortgage made to secure that loan his whole prop-
erty passed into the hands of his mortgagees, and
they have derived the whole benefit. If there is a
case which appeals to the equity of Congress, the
sense of justice, the sense of humanity, which
ought to actuate Congress, it seems to me that
this is the one; and 1 hope the Senate will not op-
pose this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it appeals very
strongly to the humanity and sympathy of Con-
gress; but I do not see how it appeals to the jus-
tice of Congress. I think the renewal of patents
at best is of very doubtful expediency. A man
who has for fourteen years the exclusive use of
an invention which probably some one would
have invented in the course of fourteen years if
he had not, has had as long an opportunity as h3
should have.
Mr. HOWE. He has not had a year's use
of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. That has been his own
fault.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there has been no invest-
ment made between the expiration of the patent
and the present time, have there not been invest-
ments made previous to the expiration of the
patent, but in contemplation of the expiration? I
know these articles are made in my neighbor-
hood.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from Wis-
consin has stated the merits of this case. I only
wish to say that 1 had occasion, as a member of
the Committee on Patents, to examine fully all the
papers and evidence connected with it, and I am
perfectly satisfied in my own mind that since I
have been a member of that committee, there has
been no case before it that presented stronger
claims for the favorable action of Congress. No
harm can result practically from granting the
prayer of the petitioner. It only gives her the
right to go before the Commissioner of Patents,
and be heard. It will be for the Commissioner of
Patents to decide whether a renewal of the patent
shall be awarded. This application is made to
Congress simply from the fact that time was not
allowed between the decision heretofore made by
the Commissioner of Patents and the expiraffthn
of the original patent, to give notice of an intended
application for the renewal of the original patent.
I know nothing about the parties; but of one thing
I am satisfied, thatif there has been any case since
I have been a member of the Committee on Pat-
ents, of merit, which commended itself to the
11 favorable consideration ofCongress, it is this case.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to sav one word in/
reply to the Senator from Rhode island. He saytf
