1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one who has had the benefit of a patent fourteen
years should be content with it. it is the very
trouble of these petitioners that they have ^iot
had the benefit of it a year. Thfc discoverer sac-
rificed everything, his whole estate, his life, and
has had no advantage; and now this bill does not
direct the Commissioner to extend the patent, but
allows him to hear the application. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks the Senate to reject the
bill, to deny the Commissioner the authority to
hear this application, upon the possibility that
some equity may exist in somebody, that some
investment may have been made which may make
it unjust. Should we act on such an assumption,
when by referring it to the Commissioner lie may
have the proof before him? It seems to me we
should not.
Mr. ANTHONY. It subjects the parties to
the expense of coming here and defending their
rights.
Mr. HOWE. Should they not if they have
rights, and should we foreclose such an applica-
tion as this because possibly somebody may have
an investment which will make it necessary for
him to come before the Commissioner? Cannot
he as well aftbrd to go there and attend to the ap-
plication as to come here and attend to it?
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was road the third time, and passed.
PEUKY E. BROCCHUS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up forcon-
sideration Senate joint resolution No. 114, which
is of a private character, and will take but a mo-
ment, I think. The report is not longer than your
finger, and the whole case will be understood by
reading it.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 114) authoring the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Perry E. Brpcchus his
salary as judge of the supreme court of the Uni-
ted States for the Territory of New Mexico, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Tieasury to pay to Perry E.
Brocchus $664 foi salui y due him as United States
judge for the Territory of New Mcxieo from Jan-
uary 24 to April 31, 1861, out of an appropriation
aheady made in part for that purpose, and still
existing, for the payment of judicial salaries for
the Territory of New Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
tune, and passed.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH REBELS.
Mr. SUMNER, t now move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 451, reported from
the Judiciary Committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
451) to prevent correspondence with lebels, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that if any peison, being a resident of the
United States, or being a citizen theieof, and re-
hiding in any foreign country, shall, without the
permission orauthority of the Government of the
United States, and wuh the intent to defeat its
measures, or to weaken in any way their efficacy,
hold or commence, directly or indirectly, any cor-
respondence or intercourse, wntten or verbal,
with the present pretended rebel government, or
with any officer or agent theieof, or with any
other individual acting or sy m pr- th izi ngiheivw it h;
or if any such person not duly authorized shall
counsel or assist in any such corre^pond-nce or
intercourse with such intent, he shall be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and, on conviction
nefore any court of the United St a tef having juris-
diction, shall be punished by a fine not exceedm
§10,000, and by imprisonment not less than si:
months nor exceeding five years. Where th
offense is committed m any foreign country, the
district court of the United States for the district
where the offender shall be first arrested is to have
juiisdiction.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and oidercd to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the thud time, and
passed<
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr DAVIS. I mine to dispense with all pre-
vious orih'is and take up Senate bill No. 452, reg-
ulating the appointment of midshipmen to the
Naval Academy
x;
the
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
452) regulating the appointment of midshipmen
to the Naval Academy, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the appoint-
ment of two midshipmen for each Senator and
two for each Representative and Delegate in Con-
gress, to be nominated by the several Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates, to the Secretary
of the Navy, as there are now or may hereafter
be vacancies in the Naval Academy for each State
I or Territory according to the number of the Sen-
ators and Representatives of each State and the
Delegate of each Territory.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed the
following amendment as an additional section:
Pec. 2. Jlnd he it fmther enactcd, That the appointments
heretofore made of midshipmen to tlio Nsivnl Academy by
the President and Secretary of the Navy be, and the bame
aic heteby, ratified ami confirmed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, while I am in favor of the original bill. The
amendment proposes to ratify what I believe to
have been an illegal act,so grossly illegal that no
one can defend it. The Secretary of the Navy
undertook, in the absence of law, to appoint some
sixty or seventy cadets to the Naval Academy,
without any authority whatever. The law, I think,
is very plain. These young men are now in the
Academy; but I think we ought not to sanction
this proceeding. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs were satisfied that the appointments were
illegal, and they introduced a resolution to that
effect, which was passed by the Senate and sent
to the Secretary of the Navy, and we have had
his reply. The subject was before the House of
Representatives the other day, and from the vote
tlieie I take it that House is of the same opin-
ion. An amendment was adopted there to the
naval appropriation bill declaring that no part of
the money appropriated m that bill should be used
to pay the expenses incurred for these young ca-
dets. What was the final action of the House I
do not know; the bill has not come to us; I have
not seen it.
Now, I do not think we ought to sanction this
proceeding. Let these young men take their
chances. They have been theie but a short time.
I do not know when their term commenced, but
iet them go out and take their chances for another
appointment. To show the inequality of this
matter, 1 may state that from Ohio two weie ap-
pointed, and neither of them on the recommend-
ation of any one living in Ohio, and from the
State of Massachusetts twelve or thi i teen were ap-
pointed, and from the State of Iowa sixor seven.
Mr. SUMNER, and Mr. WILSON, of Mas-
sachusetts. We had nothing to do with the ap-
pointments from Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand the Senators
from that State had nothing to do with the ap-
pointments made from Massachusetts. I am told
that neither Kentucky nor Indiana has any of
;; these appointments. Thatmodeofappohitingca-
I' dets, who ought to be spiead all over the country
•i in orderto give every part ofthe country an equal
!j share m it, is in express violation of the spirit of
!| the law, and I do not think we ought to sanction
i; it. Thise youngmen have been appointed with-
out authority of law. If wo sanction this pro-
;! reeding, as a matter of course the Secretary will
jj on the first occasion violate the law again, and
j then we shall .sanction that. We have by the^
! action of both Houses declared that the act of
j the Secretary was illegal, m violation of law.
! Now w" piopose to rectify and make good what
| he did in violation or" law. I do not wish to set
/ that example
l! Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask the Senator whether,
in that icpott, or in the resolution to which he
has alluded, it was not suggested that the cadets
aheady nominated should be confirmed in their
places ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly; and the com-
mittee reported this amendment for that purpose;
but [ do not agree to the amendment. I think the
committee were clearly right in holding that there
was no law to authorize these appointments, and
i do nor think \vr to ratify the proceeding
it is-a great deal better that the^c young men
should stand aside and take their chances.®
Mr. DAVIS. 1 agree fully with the justice and
tiuth of the remarks made by the Senator from
Ohio. I do not believe that the illegal acts of the
Secretary of the Navy ought to be ratified. On
the contrary, I believe that, as a matter of prin-
ciple, and in vindication of the rights of the Sen-
ate, they ought to be rejected. But sooner than
that the bill should fail 1 would be willing to take
it with that defect. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio that I will offer this as &n
amendment, that may in some degree remove his
objection to the amendment which is reported by
the committee:
Add after the word "Territory," in line ten of section
one of the bill, the words, "and the States which have a
its? number of midshipmen <U the Naval School than they
would be entitled to under this act, shall be entitled to the
fir^t nominations until they have their proper number, or
until they are made equal in that respect with the other
States."
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that all prior or-
ders be postponed with a view to take up House
bill No. 659, which is the bill which I gave notice
yesterday that I should call up at one o'clock to-
day.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. Itisnow one o'clock,
and the morning hour has expired. The bill (S.
No. 467) to prevent and punish fraud upon the
United Statesnowcomes upas theunfinished busi-
ness of yesterday. That bill the Senator from
Maine proposes to postpone for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. HOWARD. I agreed to that last night,
and will give way.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the bill which has been un-
der consideration relative to midshipmen come up
as the unfinished business to-morrow morning?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will come upas
the unfinished business of the moining hour.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well, sir.
The motion of Mr. FESSENDEN was agreed
to; and the bill (H. R. No. 659) to provide ways
and means for the support of the Government was
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall be authorized to borrow on the credit of the
United States a sum not exceeding $300,000,000
for the current fiscal year, and $.600,000,000 for
the next fiscal year, and to issue theiefor coupon
or registered bonds, payable at the pleasure of the
Government after twenty years from date in coin,
and of such denominations, not less than fifty dol-
lars, as he may deem expedient, bearing interest
at a rate not exceeding six per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in com; and he may, in
his discretion, dispose of such bonds at any time
upon such terms as he may deem most advisable
for lawful money of the United States, or for any
of the certificates of indebtedness that may at any
time be unpaid, or for any of the Treasury notes
heretofore issued or which may be issued under
the provisions of this act. All the bonds and
Treasury notes issued under the provisions of
this act are to be exempt from taxation by State
authority. The outstanding bonds, Treasury
notes,and United States notes at ap.y time issued
under the provisions of this act are not to be of
greater amount than $900,000,000. 4
The Secretary of the Ticasury is also to be au-
thorized to issue, on the credit of the United States,
$400,000,000 of Treasury notes, bearing interest
at a rate not exceeding six per cent, per annum,
payable semi-annually in coin, and the principal
payable at any time after three years from date,
at the Treasury of the United States, and of such
denominations as he may deem expedient, not
less than ten dollars each; and such notes are to
he receivable for internal duties, and all debts and
demands due to the United States, except duties
on imports; and the holder of any such notes may
have the right at any time, before or after they
become due, and under such rules as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, to ex-
change them, with the accrued interest thereon,
at the Treasury of the United States, or at the
office of any Assistant Treasurer or depositary
designated for the purpose, for an equal amount
of legal tender notes; but this section is not to be
construed to authorize any additional issue of le-
gal tender notes. These Treasury notes may be
used by the Secretary of the Treasury, at their
par value, in the payment of the lawful creditors
of the United States who may be willing to receive
the same, and they are to be received at their par
value in payment forany bonds that may be here-
after negotiated by the Secretary of the Treasury,
who is also to allow, Ju any such negotiations,
