1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The next amendment was to strike out, in lines
seven, eight, and nine, the words 44 payable semi-
annuallyincoin,and the principal payable at any
time after three years from date, at the Treasury
of the United States, and/' and in lieu thereof to
insert, " which interest on all notes for a less
amoun t than $100 shall be payable at the maturity
thereof, and on all notes for $100 and upwards at
times expressed on their face; and the interest on
• all of said notes, and on certificates of indebted-
ness and deposits hereafter issued, shall be paid
in lawful money. Said notes shall be."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of sec-
tion two, to strike out the word " he,"andinsert
the words " the Secretary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after the word " im-
ports," in line nineteen of section two, to strike
out the following words:
And the holder of any such notes shall have the right,
at any time, before or after they become due, and under
such rules as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, to exchange the same, with the accrued interest
thereon, at the Treasury of the United States, or at the of-
fice of any Assistant Treasurer or depositary designated for
the purpose, for an equal amount of legal tender notes; but
nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize any
additional issue of legal tender notes.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And t-l'all be a legal tender at theirface value,excluding
interest, to the same extent as United States notes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words, in lines thirty-four, thirty-five, and thirty-
six, of section two, " who shall also allow in any
such negotiations, and pay in coin, any interest
which may have accumulated thereon," and in
lieu thereof to insert, "and any interest accrued
on said notes shall be computed in such receipts
and payments as part of the par value thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
•The next amendment was to strike out, after
the word " require," in line forty of section two,
the following words:
Reissue any amount of Treasury notes herein author-
ized, equal to the amount redeemed. There shall be piintcd
on the back of the Treasury notes which may be issued un-
der the provisions of this act the amount of interest which
will have accumulated at the end of each threo months from
the date thereof, and words importing that said notes are a
legal tender in payment of internal duties and all debts and
demands due to the United States, except duties on imports,
and are receivable for all loans made to the United States.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And in lieu of any Treasury notes received in payment,
or otherwise redeemed and canceled or destroyed, issue an
equal amount of other Treasury notes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second section, as amended, is as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to issue, on the
creditof the United States,$400,000,000 of Treasury notes,
pajable at such time or times, not exceeding three years
fiom dare, as the Socret.uy may determine, and hearing
interest at a late not exceeding six per cent, per annum,
which interest on all notes lor a less amount than §100 shall
be payable at the maturity thereof, and on all notes for $100
and upwaids at times expressed on their face. And the
interest on all of said notes, and on certificates of indebt-
edness and deposits hereafter issued, shall be paid in law-
ful money. Said notes shall be of such denominations as
the Secietaiy may deem expedient, not less than ten dol-
lars each; and such notes shall be receivable for internal
duties, and all debts and demands due to the United States,
except duties on imports, and shall be a legal tender at their
face value, excluding interest, to the same extent as Uni-
ted States notes. Arid such Treasury notes may be used
by the Secretary of the Treasury, at their par value, in the
payment of the lawful creditors of the United States who
may be wilting to icceive the same, and shall be received
at their par value in payment for any bonds that may be
hereafter negotiated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
any interest accrued on said notes shall be computed in
such receipts and payments ns part of the par value there-
of. And the Secretary of the Treasury may, from time to
time, a  the exigencies of the public service may require,
and in lieu of any Treasuty notes received in payment, or
otherwise redeemed and canceled or destroyed, issue an
equal amount of other Treasury notes.
The next amendment was in lines five and six
of section three, to strike out "three hundred"
and insert "one hundred and fifty;" so as to read,
"$150,000,000 of United States notes," and after
the word "notes" to insert "including the amount
of such notes heretofore authorized by the joint
resolution approved January 17, 1863;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec. 3. And be it finther enacted, That the Secretary of
the ^Treasuty be, and ho is hereby, authorized, if icquiied
by the exigencies of the public uerviee. for the pajment of
the Army and Navy, and other creditors of the Government,
to issue on the credit of the United States the sum of
$*150,000,000 of United States notes, including the amount
of such notes heretofore authorized by the joint resolution
approved January 17, 1863, iu such form as he may deem
expedient, not bearing interest, payable to bearer, and of
such denominations, not less than one dollar, as he may
prescribe, which notes so issued shall be lawful money and
a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and private,
within the United States, except for duties on imports and
interest on the public debt; and any of the said notes, when
returned to the Treasury, may be reissued from time to
time as the exigencies of the public service may require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section three:
And in lieu of any of said notes, or any other United
States notes, returned to the Treasury, and canceled or de-
stroyed, there may be issued equal amounts of United States
notes, such as are authorized by this act. And so much of
the act to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for other purposes, approved February 25, 1862, and of the
act to authorize an additional issue of United Stales notes,
and for other purposes, approved July 11,1852, as restricts
the negotiation of bonds to market value, is hereby repealed.
And the holders of United States notes, issued under and
by vii tue of said acts, shall present the same for the purpose
of exchanging the same for bond's, as therein provided, on
or before the 1st day of July, 1863, and thereafter the right
so to exchange the same shall cease and determine.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not care about making
any motion in reference to this amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance; but I desire
to enter my protest against any construction that
shall arise from the incorporation into it of the
clause which reads that the "act to authorize an
additional issue of UniteAlStates notes and for
other purposes, approved July 11, 1862," did
" restrict the negotiation of oonds to market
value." When we came here at the commence-
mentofthis session, we found that the Army had
not been paid, and especially the western army.
It has not been paid yet, so far as I know. Steps
were taken to ascertain why it had not been paid,
and a report was made to the public that it was
because we had put in some restriction which pre-
vented the Secretary of the Treasury from selling
the bonds as he desired to do, thus throwing the
responsibility on Congress for not making ade-
quate provision for paying the Army.
Now, sir, all I have to say in that regard is, that
I do not intend to shoulder any of that responsi-
bility. I undertake to say that we have passed
just such legislation as the administration of the
Treasury Department desired on all these sub-
jects; and I do not think there is any such re-
striction in that act. I do not think that any
other person connected with the Governmentgi ves
that construction to it. If the Secretary deems it
necessary that such a clause should be contained
in this bill, I am willing that it shall go; but I
want the public to understand that if there is dis-
organization, distrust, or dissatisfaction in the
army of the West in consequence of non-pay-
ment, none of the responsibility rests on my
shoulders.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
nine, after the word " depositaries," to strike out
" for postage and revenue stamps," and to insert
" for United States notes;" and in line eleven, after
the word " and," to insert " shall be;" and after
" receivable," in line eleven, to insert " for post-
age and revenue stamps, and also;" so as to make
the section read: *
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of postage
and icvenue stamps for fractional currency, and of frac-
tional notes, commonly called postage currency, issued or
to be issued, the Secretary of the Treasury may issue frac-
tional notes of like amounts in such form as he may deem
expedient, and may provide for the engraving, preparation,
and issue thereof m the Treasury Department building. And
all such notes issued shall be exchangeable by the Treas-
urer, Assistant Treasurers, and designated depositaries, for
United States notes, in sums not less than three dollars, and
shall he receivable for postage and revenue stamps, and also
in payment of any dues to the United States less than five
dollars, exceptduties on unpoits, and shall be redeemed on
presentation at the Treasury of the United States in such
sums and under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before proceeding fur-
ther, I move to strike out the word " Treasurer,"
at the end of line eight of the fourth section, so as
to read "exchangeable by the Assistant Treas-
urers and designated depositaries." It is a matter
that escaped the notice of the committee. We
do not wish to impose the redemption of the frac-
tional currency on the Treasurer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, the-word " Treasurer" will bestricken;
out. That amendment is agreed to. ■ v ,; i
The next amendment was in line sixteen -of
section four, after the word "prescribe,"to strfke
out the following words: 1 ; • >
And shall be exchangeable at the office of the Treasurer
of the United States, or of any Assistant'Treasurer or desig-
nated depositary, for UnitedStates notes of an equivalent
amount: Provided, That the whole amount of fraetioaal
currency issued, including postage and revenue stamps is-
sued as currency, shall not exceed $50,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six* line
four, after the word ""direct," to iiasert:
And shall have printed upon them such statements
showing the amount of accrued or accruing interest, the
character of the notes, and the penalties or punishment for
altering or counterfeiting them, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
seven in the following words:
And be it further enacted, That on and after the 1st day of
March, 186ft, the coupons on all bonds and Treasury notes
of the United States heretofore issued, and which may be
issued under and by virtue of this act, shall, at any time
within thirty days before they become respectively due, and
at any time after they become due, be receivable for cus-
toms as coin, under such regulationsasthe Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, section
eight, line six, after the word "of" to strike out
"circulation of," and after the word " bills"to
strike out the following words:
As currency issued beyond the amount hereinafter name#
—that is to say, banks, associations, corporations, or indi-
viduals having a capital of not over $100,000, ninety percent,
thereof; over $100,000, and not over $200,000, eighty per
cent, thereof; over $200,000 and not over $300,000, seventy
per cent, thereof; over $300,000 and not over $500,000, sixty
per cent, thereof; over $500,000 and not over §1,000,000, fifty
percent thereof; over $1,000,000 and not over$1,500,000,
forty per cent, thereof; over $1,500,000, and not over
$2,000,000, thirty percent, thereot; over$£,'000,000, twenty-
five per cent, thereof. In the case of banks with branches,
the duty herein provided tor shall be imposed upon the cir-
culation of notes or bills of such branches severally,-and not
upon the aggregate circulation of all; and the amount ot
capital of each branch shall be considered to be the amount
allotted to or used by such branch.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Issued and outstanding during the six months next pre-
ceding the return hereinafter provided for.
So that the clause would read:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all banks, asso-
ciations, corporations, or individuals issuing notes orbill3
for circulation as cunency, shall be subject to and pay a
duty of one per cent, each half year from and after April 1,
1863, upon the average amount of notes or bills issued and
outstanding during the six months next preceding the re-
turn hereinafter provided for.
Mr. CARLILE. Is it not in order to move to
amend the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER It is.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to strike out the word
" average" in the fifth line, and if that is stricken
out I shall follow it up by a motion to strike out
the same word in 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not now in order. The Senator's propo-
sition is not an amendment to the amendment re-
ported by the committee. The Senator proposes
an amendment to the text of the bill, not to the
amendment moved by the committee.
Mr. CARLILE. Can I submit it after we get
through this section ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be open to further amendment after the amend-
ments reported by the committee shall have been
gone through with. The question now is on this
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. CLARK. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by striking out all after the
third line of the eighth section, commencing with
the words "one per cent.," to the end of the
twenty-sixth line of the section, ending with the
word " branch;" and then to insert in lieu of what
is proposed by the committee to be inserted:
One half of one per cent, eacli half year from and after
April 1,1803, until the 1st day of April, 1865, upon the aver-
age amount of notes or bills issued as currency and out-
standing during the six months next preceding the return
hereinafter provided for; and on and aftei the said 1st day
of April, 1865, said tax or duty uhall be one per cent, each
half year thereafter on said average amount.
The effectof this amendment will be to fix a tax
of one per cent, instead of two per cent, a year on
the average circulation of the banks for two years
next after the 1st day of April next, that is, until
