1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
lie dues will you not have it? If you take it in pay-
ment of the taxes levied on the people will you
not have it? How does the Senator expect to get
money? If you go to the people through the in-
strumentality of the tax gatherer, whatever you
allow him to receive in payment of taxes will go
into your coffers. If you receive bank paper in
the collection of the customs, it will go into your
vaults. If you go into the market to Sorrow, and
borrow bank paper, can you not pay it out ? Why,
Mr, you can get it just as you get coin or any other
species of money, except that which you issue
without any basis.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What the Senator finds
fault with is {hat we issue our own paper. That
is the point. Sir, everybody knows that no na-
tion, in modern times,evercarried on along war,
and an expensive one like this, or anything like
this, on com, or without a resort to a paper cur-
rency in some form. What the Senator complains
of is that we put our own credit into the market
instead of leaving ourselves at the mercy of any-
bod y who choose to prey upon us. Now, I say it
comes back to precisely the proposition with which
I started: that the Senator would have us do what
is impossible; get along without paper in a time
when gold cannot be found, and when credit can-
not be found upon any other supposition than that,
and when we are bound to relieve the people of
the country so far as we may, and to save what
may he saved by making the people themselves
the creditors of Government, without other inter-
vention.
Sir, I opposed one particular branch of the first
bill that was passed by Congress upon this sub-
ject. I opposed the legal tender clause, as it was
called. I remain of opinion to this day that our
paper would have been as good without it. I may
bo in a very great error; I probably am; because
public opinion is against me on that point. But
I was always convinced that we must issue our
own paper if we would not be at ihe mercy of
every person having money who desired to prey
upon our necessities, and be left at the end of this
contest in a condition from which, perhaps, it
would be almost impossible for the country to re-
cover*. and yet that is precisely what the Senator
would have this country do. What I said was,
that his mode of raising a credit to defend us is
just like his mode of carrying on war: expose our-
selves to the enemy who is in arms against us,
and to the money speculators who would prey
upon our necessities; because in such cases there
are always such men to be found. It is very
probable, however,that in stating the proposition
that the Senator said we should pay in coin, I
stated him too broadly. I did not mean to be un-
derstood precisely to that extent; but, simply, to
develop the idea I entertained with reference to
lij's position.
Let me say to Senators, we arc obliged to do
in times like these what we would not do m times
of a different character. Ithas been the case from
the beginning of this contest. Every wise man
suw—nay, every man who could not pretend to
a very 2reat degree of wisdom, must have seen
that wo must meet the necessities of the occasion
by extraordinary measures. We were in a most
anomalous condition. We were placed where the
country was obliged to struggle for life; and one of
its struggles wasYor the means of carrying on the
war. That is our position. We are obliged, there-
fore, to resort to precisely the expedients to which
all other countries have resorted underthe same or
similar circumstances. We are obliged to use our
credit. That it has not always been done in the
most wise manner, in the most prudent manner,
in the manner best calculated to accomplish the
purpose, may he true. Sir, we were new on that
subject. Senators wiil remember—the country
understands—that we had had no experience. We
had been eminently prosperous for a long series of
years. We were notin debt. We werenotobliged,
as a people, to understand finance to any great ex-
tent. It had not been a study among us, except
by men in their closets. There was no necessity
that it should be a study except by men in their
closets; for this talk about finance and financial
wisdom, as connected merely with the arrange-
ments of banking institutions, lending money,
and negotiating bills of exchange, and matters of
that description, which any man of a reasonable
modicum of sense can accomplish, proves nothing,
with regard to these measures. We wore launched
upon a sea of experiment, and we did our best.
I am happy to say that up to this time this coun-
try, under the administration of the Secretary of
the Treasury, has appeared before the world in
a financial condition that few countries could have
exhibited undersimilar circumstances. Our credit
has always remained above that of any other
people thus situated; and it is so at this day, in
spite of all the efforts that are made to drag it down.
But, sir, this war has endured now nearly two
years, and where are we? With our credit yet
apparently good, but ourexpendituresenormous.
The Secretary of the Treasury has won the con-
fidence of the country in his financial ability. He
comes to us, sustained by the President, at the
present time, and tells us, I am in this condi-
tion: I am exposed in my operations to what may
be done by the moneyed institutions of the coun-
try. I find no fault with them; they have come
forward patriotically, thus far, to the support of
the Govern men t." He does not complain of them.
I do not complain of them. But he finds himself
precisely in a position where, in his judgment,
the country must avail itself of its power to reg-
ulate the currency and take it into its own hands;
and on consultation, with much study, he has ar-
rived at a conclusion,and he puts thatconclusion
before us. It affects the local institutions of the
country to a considerable degree. It must neces-
sarily do so in the process of time. But he tells
you that, in his judgment, this measure is abso-
lutely essential in 01 der to carry on the operations
which this Government is obliged to carry on.
I know that the inquiry has been made some-
times by gentlemen, what right has the Secretary
or the President to say anything to us on this sub-
ject? I answer, every right in the world. If the
Secretary does not know, he ought to know more
than any one man here, on this subject; for he has
had wonderfully more experience. Iiis has been
the hand that has guided these chariot wheels as
they have rolled on. He tells us that,in his judg-
ment, these measures must go together. If they
go together they will accomplish the purpose.
Separate them and he will not be responsible for
the effect that will follow. I am riot wise enough
to say that it shall not be so, when, at the same
time, I am not able to propose something better,
and something that I am reasonably certain will
accomplish the purpose. In there any Senator
within the sound of my voice who has that con-
fidence—is there one who can say, "I give you
a better scheme, and not only better, but one that
will accomplish the great object which we all wish
to at tain ? ** Will the Senator from New York
attempt to do it? 1 know he will not. TheSen-
ator from Kentucky has; but I believe he is the
only Senator present who undertakes to say what
will do nil that is necessary. I certainly cannot.
Under these circumstances, I am not wilhngto set
up my own preconceived opinions against an ap-
parently urgent necessity. I am willing to yield
my prejudices, if any such I have; and, thank
God, 1 can say for the people of Maine, bank
men and all, th >y will not hesitate to say to me,
" do that which you judge to be best for the whole
country, under the circumstances of the case, and
we are ready to sustain your action."
Then,sir, I return to the practical question: can
these two measures be separated? If it is a great
object to furnish a uniform cuirency to the coun-
try, and if it is necessary to the accomplishment
of that great object that the Secretary should say
to these local banks, " you must not stand m the
way of what is essential to the defense of the coun-
try, or to furnish the means to defend the coun-
try,'' is it for the banks to say we will r Is it for
the friends of the banks to say they shall? Is it
for any class of men in this country to oppose
themselves and their private interests to that which
the great good of the country demands? Sir, I
should despise myself if I hesitated a moment
between a comparatively private interest and that
which I had concluded, whether on sufficient evi-
dence or not, was best to be done with regard to
the whole.
It is useless toelaborate this matter. Every Sen-
ator sees it. If we arc to rely on the bill which
we passed yesterday, we must take away from
any institutions in the country the power to inter-
fere with the operation of that bill—not roughly,
not harshly,not without a due regard to their in-
terests, not by taking their property; but by sim-
ply telling them, " you must turn your capital in
due time, as you are able to do without essential
injury, into another channel; you must,sustain
these great objects of the country, and thus sus-
tain the Government itself and the country." It
is nothing more than that. Sir, I do not pretend-
to assert that the result will be what we desire. I
do not know. I am no pmpheL I am not suffi-
ciently confident in my own judgment upon these
subjects to say what the result will be; but I am
willing to try anything and eveiything in order
to accomplish the purpose; and until I can devise
a better scheme, until I can say to the Govern-
ment " follow the road which 1 mark out to-you,
for that road leads to safety,'' the responsibility
shall not rest upon me that I have refused the only
aid which it deems to be effective.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I wish to make
a very brief reply to the Senator from Maine. The
speech just delivered by the Senator is unusual
for him in one respect. It is the first time 1 have
known the Senator from Maine to make a speech
about loyalty on a financial bill, in reply to the
arguments which were used against it. Others,
have done it very often in this Chamber. I had
thought that the Senator from Maine had capa-
city sufficient to meet all the arguments of Sena-
tors against his financial policy without trying to
weaken the force of what Senators might say by
intimations abouttheir ioyalty. The Senator will
allow me to say that such remarks are unbecom-
ing one who has the power to meetand overthrow
the arguments of his opponents if their positions
are not sound and well taken. We all accord to the
Senator the ability to sustain his positions when
well taken. I understand very well the very
delicate allusions of the Senator about loyalty.
He would make no charge. He came " to bury
Caesar, not to praise him." He talked as skill-
fully as Mark Antony on that celebrated funeral
occasion; all the while leaving the impression that
I was opposed to this measure because I was not
quite as loyal as I ought to be; and yet he said
no doubt I was loyal.
. Mr. FESSENDEX. The Senator will allow
me to say—I do not know whether he will take
it well or ill—that 1 was only contrasting his
practice with his professions.
Mr. POWELL. What were my professions
about this bill? I declared that 1 wanted the
people to have the very best possible currency;
and I believe that thcie is not a sincere or candid
Senator here who will not admit that the notes
issued by the local banks of the State of New
York, of Kentucky, and of New England, are
better, and better secured, than will be the notes
issued under the bank bill passed yesterday,
should it become a law. My colleague has given
an exhibit of the condition of the banks of Ken-
tucky. If the Senator wished to meet the argu-
ment fairly, he ought to have taken up and laid
before the Senate the exact condition of the banks
that he wishes to overthrow, and contrasted their
condition, their ability to redeem their issues,
with the securities that he proposes to give by
virtue of the bank bill passed yesterday, to re-
deem and make good the issue of the banking
associations formed under it. That would have
been proper and legitimate. The Senator is too
good a logician to enter into that controversy. The
Senator from Now York [Mr. Harris] stands pre-
pared, I dare say, to state the exact condition of
his banks, their liabilities, their responsibilities,
and theirability to meet their issues. The learned
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamcr] can also
make the same exhibit of the banks of his State;
and so, I dare say, can the Senators from Massa-
chusetts, and every other Senator on this floor.
If the Senator really wishes to give the people a
better currency, let him meet the argument; let
him show to the Senate by facts that, the bank
issues proposed by the associations that will or-
ganize under the bank bill passed yesterday are
more secure and better than those we now have.
That would be legitimate; that would be proper;
but that is a task which none of ihe gentlemen
who voted for the bank bill, and who desire to
destroy, by taxation, the State banks, have at-
tempted. Why? Because they know they can-
not meet the argument. The facts are too strong,
too stubborn to be overthrown; and hence, when
I speak against the amendment, the Senator tries
to weaken the force of my argument by saying I
have not sustained the war. When die Senator
from New York pnd the Senator from Vermont
