932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB,
speak against it in order to weaken the argument
on that side, it is said they wish to sustain the
local institutions of their States, and they are not
quite as expansive in their patriotism as some
other Senators claim to be. That is the kind of
logic with which we are feasted.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to enter
into any detailed argument on this proposition.
The Senator says I object to the Government put-
ling its credit into the market. The Senator is
very much mistaken when he imputes any such
motive to me. The Senator must know 1 have
stated in this Chamber before that the policy I
would have suggested—and I suggested it to the
honorable Senator himself as chairman of the
Committee on Finance at the last session in con-
versations I held with him—would be the repeal
of the sub-Treasury law to the extent 1 have in-
dicated, receive the notes of good solvent State
banks, and then to put your Government bonds
in the market and borrow money. The policy
that I indicated was to use the credit of the coun-
try; not to use it after you had by a blundering
system of finance destroyed it; but to use it at a
time when your bonds could have commanded a
price in the market which they will not do now,
because of the blundering system of finance that
those in power have inflicted on the country. At
the time you issued the first greenbacks, as they
are callecf, if you had adopted that system you
might have put your bonds m the market and sold
them some thirty per cent, better than you can
to-day. I was for using the credit of the country
when that credit was of much more value than it
is now.
But, sir, in my judgment, this whole schema
will be an utter failure; and 1 shall adhere to the
opinions,,! have expressed until I shall be con-
vinced by argument of their unsoundness. If the
Senator from Maine, the very able chairman of
theFinanceCommittee,or theSenator from Mich-
igan, who is a skillful merchant, will prove to me
by solid arguments that the paper to be issued by
thebauking associations that will be formed under
the law that passed yesterday will be butter se-
cured and will have a greater value than the paper
that is now issued by the local banks, I will with-
draw my opposition, but not until then.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to say a few
words on this subject of loyalty. I am' getting
tired of having that charge continually thrust in
here in lieu of answers to arguments. I will way
11 the honorable Senator from Maine, that when
ihe whole history through which this country has
passed for the last two years shall be impartially
written, 1 have no fears tlmtmy loyalty will sufter
when contrasted with his. It is true I have opposed
the war. Ho has advocated the war. I dun-1 say
that he thought he could reconstruct this Union
hy forco of arms. I thought otherwise. Lovnig
the Union, I opposed the war, because 1 believed
war would be eternal dissolution. I believe it is
now a demonstrated fact that you cannot reunite
these States by force of arms. 1 advocated every
peaceable measure of adjustment that was pro-
posed; and I shall continue to advocatethem. The
Senator stood in favor of the war; 1 against it. I
dare say lie honestly believed he could bring the
seceded States back, and restore the Union by
arms. I honestly thought otherwise.
But there are some other matteis to which I
will invite the Senator's attention. The Senator
lias sat in his seat in this Mali and seen the Presi-
dent of the United States overthrow the Constitu-
uon in every vital point. lie has seen him assum-
ing the war power, adding men to the Aimy and
Navy without warrant of law. He has seen him
arrest citizens in violation of the Constitution and
laws of the land. He has seen him drag citizens
irom distant States m violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the States and of the United States,
which latter Constitution and laws the President
has sworn to see faithfully executed, and incarce-
rate in loathsome dungeons, many of them for as
long as seventeen months, and then turn them out
without a trial. He has seen the President and
those in peweroverthrow the freedom of the press.
He has seen them overthrow the liberty of speech.
He has seen them strike down the rights of the
States, and vote large sums of money for purposes
wholly without the Constitution. He has seen 1
the President suspend the writ of habeas corpus, [
and declare martial law throughout all the loyal ;
States «f the Union; directing- that citizens shall ;
be tried by drum-head courts-martial, when the
Constitution of his country says they shall be
tried by the courts and juries of the country. I,
in my place, have objected to these usurpations
of power. The Senator from Maine has sat still
and has never, never objected to one ofthese usurp-
ations. I am willing to leave it to the impartial
historian who may come after us whether he is
more loyal to the Government of our fathers, to
constitational and civil liberty, than I—he who
sat in the Senate Chamber and saw the Constitu-
tion of his country overthrown, the rights of the
! people cloven down, and they deprived of their
\ dearest liberties, and sustained the power that did
it, and uttered no word of complaint against it;
or I, who, in my place, protested against it and
opposed it with all the power I could command.
The Senator may think, and others may think,
that I am disloyal because I oppose the war. I
will not say that others are disloyal to the Con-
stitution and laws of their country because they
tamely submit to these outrageous usurpations of
power; but I will say they are notfaithful or true
friends of constitutional and civil liberty. T am
willing to let my countrymen of the present day,
and those who are to comc after us, form their
judgments upon that subject. But let me remind
the honorable Senator" that the chief whom he
now supports opposed the war with Mexico, and
made philippics m the other end of the Capitol
against Mr. Polk. Did anybody doubt the loyalty
of Representative Lincoln in that day? I never
heard it doubted. Others did the same thing. But,
sir, because I choose to act in obedience to the con-
victions of my judgment that tins war never, never
can restore the Union, but, if peisistcd in, must
destroy it, and advocate a line of policy that 1 be-
lieve will restore it, 1 am twitted every day with
this charge of disloyalty. 1 trust that m the fu-
ture Senators will meet (he arguments that I pre-
sent on those financial bills, or at least meet a plain
statement of facts; for that is about all I attempted
to make.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, if I understand him, has given his pledge
that if the friends of this measure will prove that
the proposed circulation is more valuable than
that now in use he will vote for the bill. Am I
right >
Mr. POWELL. 1 made no pledge about vot-
ing for the bill. 1 said 1 would yield my oppo-
sition. The bill may have other objectionable
features m it. If 1 shall be convinced that it is
the best financial policy that can be originated I
shall vote for it.
Mi. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Chandler.) I
guess we shall not get Ins vote.
Mr. CI CANDLE R. We shall have to do with-
out it, then.
Sir, I claim that this measure does give a better
and safer circulating medium than this country
has ever before enjoyed; for every single dollar
that is put in circulation under it is secured by
51 10 United States Government stocks. If this
Government is preserved, beyond all peradven-
ture those, stocks arc good in any event. There
is no better security on the face of the earth than
the securities of thu Government. They arc an
absolute mortgage upon every acre of land, upon
every house, upon every iota of property owned
by any individual throughout the length and
breadth of this land; and if that mortgage is not
good, nothing #n earth is or can be a safe invest-
ment.
Now what is the value of the present hank cir-
culation? The Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Cr.\rk,] stated the other day that the banks
were examined, and their assets were examined
by bank commissioners. Why, sir, those bank
commissioners know nothing about the value of
the assets which they examine. They do not
know whether the paper in the vaults of the bank
is good, bad, or indifferent. They do not know
whether the basis upon which the banks are con-
ducted is sound or unsound. They cannot know.
The people do not know, nor can they know. But
when a man looks upon a dollar which he knows
is sccured by a pledge of this gtcat Government,
he knows that he looks upon something that is
valuable for a dollar in any event. This proposed
scheme will gradually—1 wish I could say rap-
idly—withdraw this doubtful currency and sub-
stitute in its place, the money, virtually, of the
Government
The Senator from Kentucky has seen fit to an-
imadvert very severely on the financial skill and
ability of the piesent Secretary of the Tieasury.
He talks of his blundering schemcs and of his
ruinous policy, and of the groat depreciation of
our securities. Sir, two years ago to-day we had
a Secretary of the'Treasury, a friend of that Sen-
ator; I believe a personal as well as a political
friend. The United States was in profound peace.
We had no extraordinary expenditures. We
were sailing upon a smooth sea, comparatively.
When that friend of the Senator's took his seat in
the chair of the Secretary of the Treasury your
Government securities were worth 118. They
were worth eighteen per cent, premium in gold.
In four years, under his financial management, in
time of profound peace, you run the credit of your
Government from 118 down, down, down to 84.
While the Senator's friends were stealing your
arms and robbing your Treasury,while his friends
were conducting your financial affairs, the credit
of your Government was so low that you were
actually compelled to borrow money to pay for
your legislation at the enormous sum of one per
cent, a month—yes, sir, you paid twelve percent^,
for money to pay your civil expenses in time of
profound peace, under the policy of that distin-
guished patriot. Since thattimewehaveexpended
God only knows how many millions, six, seven,
or eight hundred millions; no matter how many;
and where is the credit of your Government now?
Why, sir, it is higher to-day than it was then;
for then you could not borrow money at all, and
to-day you can at some price.
That Senator is liberal with his denunciations
of the President and his Cabinet and the Congress
for having violated the Constitution. That Sen-
ator has been consistent, to say the least. He and
his late distinguished colleague, who is now a gen-
eral in the rebel army, were consistent, while his
colleague remained here, in opposing every meas-
ure that would tend to save this great Government
from destruction. His colleague is consistently
now in the rebel army fighting us. The Senator
is consistent in remaining here and opposing every
measure that tends in the slightest degree to put
down this rebellion. There is, to say the least,
consistency in both.
Mr. DAVIS. When the Senator from Michi-
gan was last up, he made a remaik which I am
not quite sure I rightly understood. I want to
know whether I understood from him that the ad-
vance of three per cent, upon the notes of Ken-
tucky banks over greenbacks was an evidence of
disloyalty in the State of Kentucky.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no, sir. I will state
to the Senator that throughout the Noith we have
a class of patriots who are not very notorious for
their liberality in subscribing money for aiding
the Government in the prosecution of the war.
They are men who rarely send their sons into the
Army to fight for the preservation of the country.
They are men who occupy, to say the least, a po-
sition of doubtful loyalty. From the first, and all
the time, these patriots have been m the hahit of
trying to depreciate the value of our national cur-
rency. They have been in the habit of stating
everywhere that your greenbacks m one year or
two years will not be worth the paper on which
they are printed. That class of men throughout
the North, throughout the South, and throughout
the State of Kentucky, have been laboring to pro-
duce that result to make their predictions true;
and 1 believe that traitors in New York and trai-
tors in Kentucky are cooperating for the same
object.
Mr. DAVIS. I had intended to explain that
matter, if it was necessary: but 1 find that I mis-
understood the Senator's argument. The banks
of Kentucky loaned that State $1,000,000 for the
purpose of enabling that State to give what as-
sistance it could to the United States authorities
in the prosecution of the war. There are not in
the United States more loyal moneyed institutions
to the Government than are all the banks of Ken-
tucky, except one. The two banks whose con-
dition I presented to the Senate a few days ago—
the Bank of Kentucky and the Northern Bank of
Kentucky—are just as loyal to the Government
as any banks in America, and all their officers are.
1 stated as a fact then—and 1 reiterate the state-
ment now—that the paper of those banks is at an
advance, and has been for the last five or six
months, of about three per cent, on greenbacks
