1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
in the State of Kentucky, and in the city of Cin-
cinnati also. All that is easily explained. Any
man who wj 11 look at the condition of those banks
can understand why it is so. The specie, the
gold and silver on hand in the Bank ofKentucky
is within one or two hundred thousand dollars of
the'amount of circulation. If you take the legal
tender notes that aie on deposit in that bank, and
add them to the gold and silver on hand, you will
have an excess of two or three hundred thousand
dollars over the circulation of that bank.
In relation to the Northern Bank of Kentucky,
I did not have the statement of that bank when
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] asked me for it a few nights ago. I re-
marked to him then that it was at my lodgings,
and 1 have appended it to the few remarks I made
on that occasion, and 1 will read two or three
items from it:
The notes in circulation of the Northern Bank
amount to $1,139,642. The gold and silver on
hand is #1,290,280 22, the gold and silver being
in excess of the circulation about one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars. The notes on other
banks in Kentucky and Treasury notes amount
to $470,226; so that the excess of the avails of that
bank in gold and silver, and in legal tender notes
and notes upon the other banks of Kentucky, is
about six hundred thousand dollars over its cir-
culation. Is it strange, when that is the condition
of those banks that they should have a better credit
than the legal tender notes of the United States ?
Those banks arc anxious to get in all of their cir-
culation. 1 have received communications from
their officers to that effect. Their circulation is
hoarded. It is not returned to the counters of the
banks for the purpose of being exchanged for
greenbacks. That is exactly what the directors
and officers of those banks wish to effect, and what
they are unable to effect. This bank of Kentucky
loaned to the State government for the use of the
United States, £500,000. The Northern Bank of
Kentucky loaned, for the same use, $300,000, and
the other banks in the State loaned a sum suffi-
cient to make out the million.
Mr. President,gentlemen have been challenged
here again and again to produce a better system
 ffinance than the one which the Secretary of the
Treasury has tendered to the consideration of Con-
gress. 1 tlunk a better one is to be found in our
history. What was the state of the credit and of
the bonds of the Government that were put in the
maiket in the war of 1812? According to my rec-
ollection, and my recollection is sustained by that
of the able Senator from Vermont, the average
loss upon the bonds of the United States that were
then put into the market was about thirty percent,
discount, and I believe the extreme maximum loss
\n the war of 1812, when we were coping with the
first Power of the world, did not reach the point
jf forty percent, discount. 1 believe the average
was even something less than thirty per cent.
Sir, what was the condition and what were the re-
sources of the country in 3832 compared with its
condition and resources at present? I do not rec-
•lleet the exact amount of the increase of our pop-
ulation since that time,"but 1 think it is neaily
threefold. The increase of wealth and resources
is at least fivefold, and probably more than five-
fold.
Sir, Great Britain, with all of her power, with
all uf hei military and financial resources, was
then engaged in a war against the Government of
ihe United States, and the United States were mak-
ing a defensive war, strictly so, for the freedom
of the seas. In that time of peril and of conflict
with the first Power of the earth, our Government
did not then resort to this doubtful and, by so
many of our ablest men, condemned system of is-
suing Government notes. What did the Govern-
mentdo * It issued its bonds like an honest deb tor;
it put those bonds into the maiket for sale; and
the amount of loss that was sustained by the Gov-
ernment on those bonds did not exceed about thii fy
per cent, average discount. Now, T ask the hon-
orable Senator from Maine if that would not be a
better system of finance, and if less loss would not
acciue to the Government and the country by a
resort to the same system of finance and raising
the wtiys and means at the present time that was
resnrted to in tiie war of 1812?
Mr. Piesident, 1 did not get up to discuss this
niattei; 1 do not intend to do so; bat I protest
against the position ofgentlemen here that no man
who will not blindly sustain all the measures that
are introduced into Congress under the sanction,
and approbation, and recommendation, if you
please, of the Administration, is loyal to the Gov-
ernment. A more unsound position, one more
false in fact, could not be assumed. Sir, I want
our Government to prevail in this conflict; I will
vote for every constitutional and legitimate meas-
ure to give success to the arms of the United States;
but I will not be driven by the clamor and the de-
nunciation of gentlemen to give up my just objec-
tions to any measure whatever. No, sir, come
weal or come woe, come victory or come defeat,
I will adhere to my principles of the Constitution
according to my feeble reason in every vote whioh
I give, and no denunciation of disloyalty or in any
other form will ever drive me from that position
to which I am moored as to a rock.
I think, Mr. Piesident, if the success of the
arms of the Government was looked to singly, we
should not have been troubled with some meas-
ures that have been enforced upon the considera-
tion of Congress with such extreme pertinacity.
If the principle of patriotism, broad, pure, un-
adulterated; if the triumph of the arms of the
Government; if the preservation of the Constitu-
tion in all its guarantees of right and liberty to the
people, were the sole objects of gentle-men, I be-
lieve that we should progress much more harmo-
niously in consulting upon the measures of policy
in this body; and I believe that the success of our
arms would have been indefinitely beyond what
it is at present. Mr. President, I do not get up
to criminate or to recriminate, but I protest earn-
estly and truthfully against the position that any
men here, especially men from the border slave
States, aie to be denounced and are to have their
loyalty impugned because they will notsluu ihoir
eyes and blindly follow the lead of Secretary Chase,
or President Lincoln, or anybody else. When-
ever the Administration or its friends desire to
make that the standard of loyalty, they will find
me for one protesting against H, and not coming
up to it. i believe that my measure and my test
of loyalty is quite as good as, I will say better
than their own, and it would bring more success
to our arms, and a speedier conclusion to this
war, if they would just adopt it by recurring to
the principles of loyalty which they themselves
laid down at the extra session of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have listened
with a great deal of interest to the remarks of the
Senator from Kentucky. I am delighted to hear
that he, for one, if it should prove to be he alone,
is determined to stand by the Constitution, to de-
fend ft, and every part of it, m spite of all clamors
and denunciations against his loyalty for so doing.
If any word of mine could encourage him to ad-
here to that to the end, I would utter that word.
If any promise of mine could give him strength to
adhere to it, I would make that promise. I tell
him now I will stand by him in just that policy.
Let him stand by the Constitution, defend it, de-
fend the whole of it; yes, defend all its powers and
ail its limitations. So will t. I, with him, rcco®-
! nize thatas the true test of loyalty, the true stand-
ard of it. I do not want any other; and if every
man in the United States, if every citizen who lias
heretofore enjoyed the protection of that Consti-
tution will adopt the same, we shall neither have
any rebellion to put down nor any danger of re-
bellion.
But we must hear in mind one or Two little things
to make this work exactly right. We must re-
member, in the first place, that the Senator from
> Kentucky may sometimes think that the Consti-
i tution of the United States grants a power which
i 1 think it denies, and I may at some times think
the Constitution of the United States grants a power
which he, on the other hand, may think it denies;
and so I may defend a measure at one time here
in the Senate as strictly warranted by the Consti-
tution, which he may oppose because, in his judg-
ment, it is without the line of the authority granted
to the Legislature by the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin allow me, then, in the state of case
which he presents, to ask if it is not his right
and his duty and my right and my duty to act
upon the convictions of our own reason?
Mr. HOWE. Pieciscly that here. So when
we come to vote upon a measure, he owes it to
his sense of obligation to the Constitution and to
his oath which he has taken to support it to vote
according to the dictates of his judgment, as I owe
it to the same considerations to vote according to
the dictates of my judgment; and it will happen
sometimes that a majority, of the law-making
power may agree with him, and sometimes that
a majority of the law-making power may agree
with me. , *
Mr. DAVIS. Always with you; never with
me.
Mr. HOWE. 1 should be very glad to believe,
Mr. President, as an individual, that a majority
of the law-making power would always agree
with me. * I am afraid sometimes it will not. I
will tell the Senator that when it does not agree
with me, I will agree to yield, not my convictions
but my obedience—implicit, unqualified, uncon-
ditional obedience to what the majority may say,
reserving my own convictions upon the point,
with the right to carry them for a final determin-
ation to another tribunal than this.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him one question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainty.
Mr. DAVIS. If the legislation of that major-
ity should wrest from the State of Wisconsin one
fourth or one third of its property, would the gen-
tleman yield to that legislation the implicit obe-
dience which he has indicated in his last few re-
marks?
Mr. HOWE. Or the whole of its property ?
Mr. DAVIS. Or the whole.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, when that case
arises I will take it into consideration, and I will
give a very explicit answer to it. But our theory,
if I understand the theory of the Constitution, de-
nies the possibility of any such thing. You may,
indeed, enact a law, or put a bill in the form of a
law, which, according to the letter, would have
the operation to take property from one man and
give it to another. It is within or without the line
of authority which the Constitution confers upon
the legislative body. It is not for the Senator from
Kentucky to pass upon that definitively; butwhen
he goes to the polls lie can pass upon the men who
voted for that law. It is not for me to pass on it
definitively. If it is within the line of authority
conferred upon the Legislature by the Constitu-
tion, then it will be a valid law, and then it will
have the effect which the letter seems to give it,
to take his property from his possession ai.d give
it to me; but if it is without the line of authoiity
which the Constitution confers upon the legisla-
tive tribunal, it will not have that effect, nor any
effect whatever; and I want to say here, as a gen-
eral proposition,thatin spite of all the clamor and
of all the appeals and of all the efforts made to
alarm the country about unconstitutional legisla-
tion here in this land, where the measure of au-
thority is so precisely adjusted by a written com-
pact, and where there are other tribunals than
this, and more divorced from political considera-
tions than this can ever be, to determine whether
a law is or is not constitutional, I know of noth-
ing more harmless scarcely than an unconstitu-
tional act of Congress. There is no occasion for
any effort to alarm the country that their liberties
are to be taken away, or that their property is to
be taken from them, by an unconstitutional act of
Congress. It is the last thing that will over hap-
pen. When any right of person or property is
infringed upon, take this as a prophecy, it will be
by a constitutional and not by an unconstitutional
act of Congress. There is, then, no danger what-
ever from that quarter.
1 want to say one thing more just here. I heard
it remarked by a distinguished Senator from the
State of Kentucky, not now representing! hat State,
and whose politics, let me say, according to my
poor judgment, never bore any sort of affinity to
the politics of my fi lend here, [Mr. Davis,] and it
was but a very few weeks before he unshrntlwd his
sword to strike at the heart of this Government—-
that he believed, when rightly administered, this
Government was the best form of government in
the woild. Mr. President, I think he was mis-
taken about it. When rightly administcied, [flunk
any other form of government is just as good as
thi*. I think there is a great deal more truth in
that other axiom that that form of government is
best after all which is best administered; mul the
reason why 1 love this form of government is not
because it is always sure of being rightly admin-
istered, but as I know it will notahvays be rightly
administered, because it provides by itself, within
