986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
could have had my way when treason was pro-
claimed on the floor of the Senate, the traitor
would never have gone free from this Capitol.
[Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no responsibility,
sir, nor has the party with which I afct. You may
go through all the ranks of rebeldom ay, sir, you
may take all the officers of your regular Army
who have deserted by hundreds and vioiated their
oaths and gone into the ranks of the enemy and
are fighting to overturn this Government—go
and poll the whole of them, and you cannot find
one man that ever cooperated with me politically.
They are all Democrats, every man. Yes, sir,
and go among ihe officers of the Navy who have
deserted and gone over to the enemy and are now
fighting against their flag and attempting to over-
turn this Government, poll them, and among all
the hundreds of them you cannot find a single Re-
publican; not one. No, sir, they were all Demo-
crats, every man. You may go and poll the whole
four or five hundred thousand men the rebels have
now in arms against this Government, and you
cannot find a man who 'was ever a Republican or
who ever sympathized fetfth Republicans. Thoy
are all Democrats^ men," such as we
had here two years.a^o—men who professed to
be for the Union when their hearts were with the
enemies of the Government. Sir, go among the
northern sympathizers with rebellion, the men
who are proclaiming to-day that this Government
is overturned, mid that it will never be restored;
who are to-day denouncing your currency, and
saying that your money is not worth the paper
upon which it is written; search through all the
sympathizers with this rebellion, and you cannot
find a man who ever cooperated with me polit-
ically, not one. They are Democrats; but yet,
forsooth, 1 am responsible for this war.
You hear Senators on the other side denouncing
this Government for its unconstitutional acts, for
its arrests. Sir, at some future day I hope to have
time to go a little into the matter of arrests. I
think the fault of this Government has been that
it did not hang some of those follows after it ar-
rested them. Why, sir, you arrested a man in
Baltimore by the name of Kane, I think George
P. Kane, an acknowledged, open bridge-burner,
a man whom Jeff Davis would have strung up with
as little compunction as lie would have shot a wild
beast, and you put him in Fort La Fayette. Sir,
you did wrong, I confess, for you should have pun-
ished besides arresting. Ross Winans was cap-
tured, and five thousand pikes were found m his
foundery, manufactured expressly to murder our
soldiers with as they were passing through the city
of Baltimore. You arrested him with the pioof of
Ins guilt upon htm, and then you let him go; and
to-day he is in England, using his vast wealth,
as I am informed, m aid of this accursed rebel-
lion.
Sir, this rebellion commenced long before the
4th of March, 1861. ft commenced in the Charles-
ton convention, where the Senator Aom Illinois
had a seat. Those men there and then weieplot-
tingfor the overthrow of this Government; and,
if J remember rightly, the Senator was one of tne
loudest in his denunciation of them at that time,
for attempting to withdraw and weaken the Dem-
ocratic party.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And am now.
Mi. CHANDLER. Sir, they deliberately dis-
membered the Democratic party. They delib-
erately did it to bring about this very rebellion,
which we are to-day trying to crush. I have no
responsibility for this rebellion, nor has the party
with which I act. We have with perfect una-
nimity in every instance come up to the support
of the Government. When the Government de-
manded four hundred thousand men, every single
individual on this side of the House voted to
give them five hundred thousand men; and when
they demanded $400,000,000 to support the Gov-
ernment, every man on this side of the House
voted to give them #500,000,OOOto savethc nation.
Sir, we have been ready, under all circumstances,
to make any and every sacrifice so that this nation
might be saved; and! tell you the nation will be
saved. There is no such thing as " fail"in saving
this nation, and never were we in so good a con-
dition as we are to-day. Our armies are m large
force and ably commanded; they are ready to ad-
vance and crush this hydra-headed monster of
rebellion. Ay, sir, but we have an enemy insid-
ious and dangerous. The seat of the rebellion is
to-day not in Richmond, it is among the copper-
headed traitors of the North; and if this Govern-
mcntisoverturned, if we should fail in saving the
Government, it will be not from the forces of the
rebels in our front, but becausc of the accursed
traitors in our rear.
Mr. RICHA RDSON. Mr. President, we have
had a very refreshing speech from theSpnator from
Michigan, certainly. I am very much delighted
with it. The Senator says that while rebellion
was spreading its impious way here on this floor
unrebuked by the party to which I belonged, he,
bold and fearless as he is, wrote a private and con-
fidential letter to the Governor of his State, say-
ing that there must be some blood-letting! That
was meeting it with great boldness, with great cour-
age! When treason wasstalkingin our very midst,
the Senator from Michigan wrote a private ami
confidential letter to the Governor of his State, that
was never to s'ee daylight, rebuking the rebellion!
1 commend his course to my countrymen for their
admiration ! That is all he has to offer; that is all
he did.
Mr. CHANDLER. I advise the Senator to
study the Globe a little, and peihaps he will be
better informed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not time to read
that now, Mi. President. Thegentlenmn has made
his own case; I have stated it as he has made it;
and it is buta poorshowing of his courage to meet
rebellion when it first showed its head here. Rut,
sir, he says that the party with which 1 acted, to
which I belonged, said no word in reply to the
exhibition of a desire to break up the country, to
destroy the Union, to plot treason, to overthrow
the Government. Will the Senator be kind enough
to tell me how many of the party to which 1 be-
longed were upon this floor at that time?
Mr. CHANDLER. A large majority.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There was but one.
Judge Douglas alone stood here the representative
of the party to which I belonged; and he met it
promptly here when the Senator wrote a private
and confidential letter to his Governor rebuking
it, asking foi war and not for settlement. The
Senator says that the rebellion began at Charleston
and that 1 was there, and that I am now sympa-
thizing with those whom I met and resisted when
he and his friends cooperated with them and en-
couraged them. You [addiessing the Republic-
ans] said in the canvass, "if 1 was a Democrat
I would vote for Breckinridge;" you said that
was the tniu Democratic doctrine, and that Mr.
Douglas did not represent it. Now you turn
around upon me here to-day and say that I am re-
sponsible for what I resisted and you encouraged.
That is the light in which you will stand in his-
tory. That is the light m which you will stand
when you come to pass the river Jordan, with its
waters on your locks, when you appear before
that God before whom you can make no such ex-
cuses as you can make before a popular assembly.
Mr. Piesident, the Senator says that I am co-
operating with those men who have sympathized
with rebellion. I expect to make an assault dur-
ing the next week upon one of Buchanan's Cab-
inet, and the Senator from Michigan will defend
him. Who is your Secretary of War to-day?
He was one of those men who stood arrayed
against me in the fight of two years ago; the pri-
vate, confidential friend of that Administration
which you say was hostile to the Government,
seeking to destroy it and to overthrow it. You
talk to me ahoutstanding by and sustaining Buch-
anan and his Cabinet! I tell you you are doing
it; you have been doing it from the first; you are
doingitnow. Where did Mr.Stanton come from?
Fresh from Buchanan's Cabinet, concerting and
advising the acts of his Administration of which
you complain.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does not the Senator
from Illinois know that Mr. Stanton was anxious
to relieve Fort Sumter and to send forces to hold
the forts of Charleston harbor?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not expect that the
Senator from Kansas knows it,
Mr. RICE. Nobody knows it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 have no idea that he
was. This Administration stands as the suc-
cessor to Buchanan's administration by taking all
.his Cabinet except those in rebellion into their
support and confidence,and indorsing every act of
Buchanan's administration during the last ninety
days of that administration. Now, let me run
over that.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to say one word?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I interrupt the Senator, sir,
to do justice to a member of Mr. Buchanan's Cab-
inet in the person of a gentleman of distinction of
my own State, and who for long years cooperated
with the party to which the Senator from Illinois
belongs. I refer, sir, to General Cass; and I feel
it to be a duty upon'this occasion, due from me
to him, and due to the country, to say that it is
within my knowledge that General Cass, during
that troublesome period to which allusion has
been made, did all in his power,and made every
effort,sofaras dependedupon him,to inducePres-
ident Buchanan to relieve Fort Sumter and to
take measures to protect the Government property-
there, and to prevent the rebellion from breaking
out. It is due, sir, to General Cass that I should
make this observation
Mr. RICE. He showed his honesty by resign-
ing; the others did not.
'Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me a moment to make a sugges-
tion. The debate has taken a range that is so far
from finance [laughter] that we are losing sight
of it; we are spending money lather than making
it rapidly, and wasting health and strength too.
I did hope that we might be able to close this de-
bate by five o'clock at furthest, as we seemed to
run out of everything that was in the bill except
one single question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 hope the Senate will
give me permission to reply to the Senator from
Michigan.
Seveial Senators. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to propose
to i he Si nate—of course not without the assent of
the Senator from Illinois—that if this debate is to
go on. and I reallv see no end to it, we now take
a recess until half past six o'clock. The hour has
arrived at which we took a recess last evening. I
move that the Senate take a recess from half past
four to half past six. Then the Senator can take
his own time in the evening.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the motion.
Mr. HOWARD and others. Oh, no; let us
go on now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish our friends on this
side to understand me. If we are to have any sys-
tem about it, let us adopt it unanimously, ami not
divide about, it. 1 made the motion in accordance
with what J supposed to be the understanding
and agreement in view of the probability of a long
debate. If gentlemen oppose it, I shall abdicate
all idea of representing Senators on this side and
withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly am not aware of
any such agreement having been made. J think,
however, we shall not gain anything by making
such an arrangement. Thatismy opinion. I think
it will be for the convenience of Senators to con-
tinue the session until a late hour of the evening,
if you please, and then break up and go home, in
preference to taking a recess. I think we shall do
more work and do it better by continuing the ses-
sion than by taking a rcccss.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was understood by me
that it was to be done, and I am only acting in ac-
cordance with what was understood to be the di-
rection of gentlemen in relation to the subject.
Therefore, perhaps, I am not at liberty to with-
draw the motion, although I would prefer myself
to stay.
Mr. SUMNER. I entirely agree with what is
said by the Senator from Michigan. I think that
all experience in this body is against taking a
recess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The experience last night
was not that way.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon,
1 think we lost two hours last night by taking a
recess; and I believe that is just the effect of it.
If the Senate now takes a recess, it is to abandon
two hours of good time. I am against such an
abandonment. I think the Senate had better stay
here in their seats and proceed with the discus-
sion.
Mr. POWELL. I am opposed to taking any
