186;
o.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recess. My experience accords with that of others,
that we do not gain anything by it. I hope we
shall not do it. I wish, however, to suggest to
the Senator from Maine, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who made some remark about
this debate being wide from finance, that he was
the very person who commenced it. But for his
speech and the speeches of other Senators on his
side talking about loyalty, I do not think there
would have been a word said on such subjects,
and the bill could have been disposed of by this
time. He brought on this debate himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may be very open to
that charge. I have no defense to make of my-
self. I am not complaining; I only stated the fact
that the debate has run wide of the question of
finance. If it is my fault, i must bear it. I have
nothing to retract or explain or ask anybody's
pardon for. I said what I thought to be advisable.
1 made this motion, as Senators on this side of
the Chamber will understand, in accordance with
what was supposed to be an arrangement. It is
against my own original judgment, and as Sena-
tors object to the motion, I withdraw it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator from Mich-
igan who was last up need not have made the ex-
planation which he has made.
Mr. HOWARD. I made it simply becausc the
Senator from Illinois, in his remarks, seemed to
include in the category of Mr. Buchanan's Cabi-
net General Cass as having acquiesced in those
measures of which he so much complains. That
was the sole reason.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly I am glad to
have afforded the Senator from Michigan a chance
for his explanation. The Senator, however, will
remember that General Cass retired from the Cab-
inet prior to the expiration of the term of Mr.
Buchanan. I was speaking in reference to those
who succeeded General Cass.
Mr. HOWARD. You did not say so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I spoke of those who
were the Cabinet ministers of Mr. Buchanan dur-
ing the last ninety days of his Administration.
The Senator cannot forget that. Take the Cabi-
net ministers of Mr. Buchanan during the last part
of his Administration, and they are all in power
under this Administration, except those who aie
m power in the government of Jeff Davis. Take
Stanton, the worst of all of them: take Dix; take
Holt; I will not stop there; take ihe coming man
for the War Department, as public rumor has it—
General Butler, of Massachusetts. He has had
during the entire term of the Presidency of Mr.
Lincoln important position. He was the sworn,
the suppliant friend of the Admimstiation of
Buchanan. He stood in the Charleston conven-
tion and voted fifty-seven times for Jeff Davis foi
Piesident. Take Dickinson, of New Yoik; take
all the leaders of the Buchanan party who were in
power and now are in power, and you have passed
one Administration over to the other. You talk
to me about sympathizing with copper-heads at
the North, and those who helped to bung about
the rebellion ! You have not looked at ihe history
of your country; you have not studied the facts;
you do not know your own history; you do not
know theinfluenc.esto-day controlhngtheAdmin-
istration of Abiaham Lincoln, or you would not
make the charges which you make. I stand here
to defend myself and to defend those with whom
I have acted. When the time comes that we have
to contemplate the terrible consequences that, have
fallen upon the country, I say you have beet) re-
sponsible for them. My colleague, who sits before
me to-day, [Mr. Trumbull.] at Springfield, in the
State of Illinois, said, in his speech of congratula-
tion after the election of Mr. Lincoln, that those
men who had voted for Breckinridge were true
and loyal Deiuociats. We were the men, against
whom you fought, whom you resisted, who stood
up as a breakwater in this country against rebel-
lion, secession, and all of that. You have passed
over and carried with you the Administration of
Buchanan into power, and you turn around and
talk to us about not being loyal to the country
and to the Constitution! Sir, when you were
standing by, when you were aiding, when you
were advising, when you were patting upon the
back Buchanan and his party, m a foilorn hope,
we were insisting them throughout the North and
in the Soulh.
Now, I want to say another thing to you, gen-
tlemen. We might as well understand this mat-
ter; it must go into history. We must stand re-
deemed from the consequences that are now upon
the country. When Judge Douglas went South
to make the canvass of 1860, it was after an in-
terview between him and me at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel, in the city of New York. I had met the
Senator from Maine in the city of Boston a day
or two before. When there I told him, " it is im-
possible for us to carry the election." He said,
" I have a great and high duty to perform to the
country; I must go to the South; I must urge
upon those people there to submit to the admin-
istration of whatever President may be elected."
I said, " your motives will be misconstrued and
misconceived." With that true patriotism which
always sprang to his heart he said, " I care not
what charges they make against me; I love my
country more than my own ambition; I ^Pill trav-
erse that whole southern country; I will present
the question to them, that if Abraham Lincoln
is elected, he must administer the Government
for the four years for which he may be constitu-
tionally elected." Now, turn back and look at
your papers and your public speakers. You her-
alded every insult offered to him there as a reason
why he should not be voted for. You helped to
heap contumely upon him because he was insulted
in that country. Now you turn around upon us
to-day and tell us, " why, gentlemen, you are a
sort of copper-heads; you are not exactly for this
country. We have stood for the country. We
were foi* compromise, for settlement, for adjust-
ment; and when you, gentlemen, all defeated that,
when the Senator from Michigan, not for the pur-
pose of saving the Government, not for the pur-
pose of preserving the Union, but, as he says in
Uiat private, confidential letter, for the purpose of
saving the Republican party, must have some
blood-letting; when war came, our great leader
of the day rose with the emergency, and asked
his countrymen to come forward. He told them,
" you must put down the opposition to the Gov-
ernment," that administration of the Government
against which he had made speeches. Through-
out the entire southern country he advocated sub-
mission to the will of the people, while you were
assailing him and abusing him in the North.
Sir, 1 am responsible for nothing cxcept my
own actions. I stand before the country to-day,
and the party with which I acted, free from any
responsibility for these troubles. I am able to de-
fend them before any tribunal on earth and court
of heaven above. 1 shall stand justified in all
history, m all time, and at the final day, for the
part that I have borne in this controversy. Sir,
the Senator from Michigan may place his hand
upon his breast, if not upon his heait, and say,
"no condemnation rests here." But there is a tri-
bunal that searches all hearts that will determine
that question. There is a popular opinion that
will decide it before that tribunal adjudges it; and
that great tribunal at last, when he appealed to his
Governor to sustain a party, will condemn him
that he forgot country; all ages will condemn him
when they look and see that it was for the preser-
vation of party and not for the preservation of
country that lie appealed to the passion for blood.
Mr. President, 1 agree that probably, in pursu-
ing the debate winch has sprung up here, I am
not exactly in order. I apologize to the Presiding
Officer, and to the Senate, for transgressing any
of its rules of debate. Sir, I hope an opportunity
will be open for the discussion of all these ques-
tions; and at an early day 1 propose alone to enter
the lists with these gentlemen. I propose to ap-
peal to our countrymen; I propose to appeal to
them now; I propose to appeal to history for the
justification of our action, not always wise, not
always proper. We are but human, and have
committed wrongs and faults. No doubt about
that; but ours, in comparison with yours, stand
as a mole-hill by the side of a mountain. Sir, I
will not trespass longer upon the attention of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not sure
that it is in order, but perhaps I may be indulged
in saying a few words upon the question now
pending. During the short peiiod that I have
had the honor of a seat in the Senate, I have had
frequent occasion to admire the boldness, the
directness with which the Senator from Maine,
who very properly occupies the important posi-
tion of guardian of the exchequer, meets all prop-
ositions that he puts forth; and upon this occa-
sion he very frankly avows that" his object, the
object of his committee in framing the proposition
which is now before the Senate, is to destroy- the
State banks, to compel them to surrender their
charters, close their business, and, if they engage
in the business of banking at all, to come into
the measure that was adopted by the Senate
yesterday.
Mr. FESSEND'EN. I beg that the Senator
will not misquote me. Will he please quote what
I said, not give his own construction of it? I
said no such thing.
Mr. HARRIS. I am sure the Senator, to
whom I have already accorded so much direct-
nessand frankness, will not disavow his purpose
to be to exterminate the State banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ That is the Senator's
construction. 1 do not like his strong language.
If he will allow me to put my idea m my own
language, I will stand by it. 1 say that in order
to m%ke the national bank system effectual, it
must cease to be rivaled by the currency of the
local banks; and the idea of making a uniform
currency for the country is inconsistent with the
control of the State banks. The systems will
come in collision; and in order to carry ours out,
it must be understood that in process of rime the
capital invested in State banks shall, if the stock-
holders choose to engage in this system of bank-
ing, be transferred to it. The object is not to
destroy the banks or to exterminate the banks,
but to induce them, by the privileges they have
by the bill we passed yesterday, to change their
basis and form of circulation. The State banks,
by the proposition which the Senator himself has
made, come into the system as part of it, and re-
tain their corporate charters. Tney only bank on
other principles; change their basis; that is all.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator has undoubtedly
stated his views in better terms than I could re-
peat; but, after all, it seems to me that now he
does not disavow the fact that the State banks
cannot be rivals with the banking institutions to
be organized under the act adopted yesterday;
that they must yield if this scheme succeeds at
all; that they must come in and take their cur-
rency from the national Government, and become
banking ir..-uitutions under the law of the national
Government, or else they must be exterminated.
There is no alternative for them that I can see,
according to his own explanation now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find it useless to ex-
plain, because the Senator will have it his own
way.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to do all justice to the
Senator from Maine. I admire the tact and the
boldness with which he advances his measures
here and defends them; but it seems to me that it
comes to that. I desire that the Senate should
consider, before they adopt the proposition of the
Senator from Maine, what it is they undertake
to do.
Now I shall allude to the banks of my own State;
and while I admit that I feel as proud as any Sen-
ator upon this floor of the State that I represent—
of her patriotism, of her imperial resources—I do
not intend to draw any invidious comparison with
other States. I only speak of the institutions of
my own State because I am familiar with them,
and because I am less familiar with the institu-
tions of otherStates. Sir, the banks of New York
deserve the countenance, the support, the favor of
the Government. 1 alluded this morning to the
great financial crisis in which we weie placed at
the commencement of this war. In the summer
of 1863, when the Government itself was at its
wit's end, when our financial affairs seemed to be
turning upon the question whether or not we could
avdft ourselves of the resources of the country,
the Secretary of the Treasury went to New York,
and then made an arrangement with the city
banks of New York by which they invested an
amount equal to the whole banking* capital of
the State at once in the funds of the country—
§105,000,000—and the whole banking capital of
the State of New York is but $108,000,000.
Now, sir, it is proposed that these banks shall
wind up their business. What will be the conse-
quence? To-day they hold $133,000,000 of the
stocks ofthis Government. These must be thrown
into the market; these must be disposed of; and
