938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
how lone; will it be before a corresponding amount
of the stocks of the Government will be invested
in this new svstem of banking? It cannot be ex-
pected to be done very soon. Not only this, but
think of the derangement, the commercial distress
which will be the consequence of the winding up
of these banks, ft cannot be contemplated com-
placently.
Again, sir: the banks of the State of New York
have a circulation of about thirty-seven million
dollars. One third of that amount is based already
upon United States stocks; more, I apprehend,
than during the two years that are contemplated by
this amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, can be invested in these stocks for the pur-
pose of the new system of banking,
Again, sir: during the last year the present sys-
tem of banking in New York has issued circu-
lation to the amount of about seven million dol-
lars more than it had before on the stocks of tiie
Government. All that, again, will have to be
disposed of.
But, sir, I will not proceed to argue this. I
merely wish Senators to contemplate the%magni-
tudc of the change they propose by the proposi-
tion now before the Senate,
One word I will say in reference to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. If the Senator from New Hampshire will
modify his amendment so as to make the tax upon
banks one percent. perannum,and leave out Lhat
provision which contemplates a tax of two per
cent, at the end of two years, thus indicating a
determination on the part of Congress to destroy
the banks, I will go for it. What will be the ef-
fect? In the State of New York alone, the rev-
enue to be derived from this tax on banks would
be nearly four hundred thousand dollars a year.
Can the Government secure that amount of rev-
enue in any other way so favorably as this, without
deranging the banking system of that State, with-
out injuring the banks, perhaps reducing, as (lie
Senator from Michigan says, their dividends, it
will be ft severe tax upon them; but I believe they
can stand it. It would give a revenue to this Gov-
ernment of about four hundred thousand dollars.
That is worth considering; and is it not much
better, is it not a much more practical way of rais-
ing a revenue than by destroying these banks and
introducing in their place this untried experiment?
I would bo glad to vote for the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire if jt could be mod-
eled in the way I have indicated; but, sir, if it is
to < outrun this proposition for the destruction of
the banks, 1 will go for no such thing.
$h\ SHERMAJN. 1 desire to say but a woid
in explanation of the vote I shall give on (his
amendment, i have heretofore defended the tax
of two percent, on hank circulation; 1 behove it
defensible; but upon (he statements made by the
Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator
fiom Vermont, lhat a ux of two per cent, is too
oneious to commence with, 1 have concluded,
against my better judgment, to vote for the amend-
ment, in older to give them a trial, a! least, of tie1
lowei tax. I hope that within the two yeais, and
before they will have to pay any two percent.
iax,they \uil .ill come in under the national sys-
tem. i shall therefore vote for the amendment,
although it seems to be a contradiction of the
course I have heietofore pointed out for myaHf;
but 1 vvhIi to give the banks a fair trial, and im-
pose on ill* m a very moderate tax for a year or
two, within which time 1 Inue no doubt their in-
teiestwill lead them to adopt the national system:
and 1 am ralhei suipnsed that the Simatoi ftom
N>w York, who seeks to avoid taxing the banks,
d.'es not take the Maine view of if. Two prop-
ositions are now tn antagonism. The only ques-
tion for us to decide is, whether those banks shall
be taxed one per cent, or two per cent. If the
Senator fiom JNew York votes n^auist the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire lie
votes to tax the banks two per cent, from the
beginning.
The question being taken on Mr. Ci.auk's
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 15: as follows:
Yll Amhom. Cailile, Cl;u k. Cow ,u\, T);\on,
l)oi>|n;je, Fe—endei). l-'oot. Hauling. Hick-. HowhwI,
L.ui'1 of J ml.ana. Lane ot Kan-a-;. Moi i ill, Powell.
Rn i,,u(i-iut. S.iiiMuii), Sherman, rfunniei, Wade, 1Vali,
;mil Wii-on of Ala—:irini.-etfs—-?.3
NAVS—Me—i.-. Arnold, Chandler, CoMamer, Davis,
Hatri'f, Ui'iKleisou, McOougalJ, Nesimth, Pomeroy, Kiee,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Turpie, Wilkinson, and Wilson of
Missouri—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment as amended; thatis, to strike
out all of the eighth section from the third line to
the twenty-seventh line, and to insert the words
just adopted in lieu of those proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be re-
ported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment as amended, which is
affirming the precise vote the Senate has already
taken. 'The amendment, if required, will be again
read.
.Mr. SUMNER. I do not ask it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand that
that is the only effect of the vote to be now taken;
or will not the adoption of the amendment as
amended exclude that portion of the section which
has been stricken out by the Committee on Fi-
nance ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to occupy much time on this question.
The House have presented us a bill. They did
not entertain this project of the bank system; but
still they have presented us a bill, the section of
which now under consideration was drawn with
a view to prevent any unusual inflation of the bank
currency. The Secretary of the Treasury in his
annual report had complained that the banks had
increased their circulation. He had complained
that the bank issues had within the year past been
incieased from something over ^130,000,000 to
$167,000,000; and that if there was any depreci-
ation m paper currency if was owing to that in-
crease of bank circulation. He had himself issued
at that time $12:20,000,000 or $^30,000,000 of Treas-
ury notes as a circulation; and though he insists
then; had been no depreciation, m which i think
he is right, yet he says if there was any it was
owing to the $30,000,000 issued by the banks in-
stead of the ^50,000,000 issued'by him. How
that could be i do not know; but that is the amount
of his statement, it was said the difficulty in that
matter was that, the banks had increased their cir-
culation beyond what they ordmaniy circulate,
from the fact that specie redemptions had ceased,
ond as they had not to redeem in com they made
artificial issues of currency. If it is true, and it
may be in .some degree fiom the statement made,
that the banks did increase their circulation arti-
ficially in this way, taking advantage of that cir-
cumstance of there being no redemption by the
banks or by the Government, itis right and proper
that some measure should be taken to prevent
such an nidation.
in order that there should be no such inflation,
and foi the purpose of .securing the public against
it, the House have adopted this section of the bill,
wherein they have made a provision that if the
banks issue beyond a certain poition of their cap-
ital they shall be taxed; the least of them shall be
taxed if they issue within ten per cent, of their
capital, and the excess shall be subject to a tax
of two per cent, per annum: and so arranging it
according to the magnitude of the banks them-
selves, taxing their currency beyond their natural
and ordinary issue as near as they could approx-
imate to it by observation and experience. That
is the measure of the House calculated to effect
this purpose and prevent any unnatural inflation
of the bank cuncncy.
The honoiable Senator from Maine says that
he has seen a calculation m figures by which if
was made out that the banks evni under that ar-
rangement might have a much larger issue than
they even have now, if I understand him. it is
said that that appears m figures. Sir, figures can
be made to lie as bad as anything else it you will
only make the tenns on which the figures are east,
if the basis of the, calculation is vviong. It' you
take ail the banks in New York—and that is the
way it is said to have been calculated—take the
whole of the city banks with millions of capital
that have no circulation, and let them issue ac-
cording to the terms of this bill, when they really
do not mean to issue any, you may indeed get a
larger circulation even than they have out now;
but you are thereby including in the calculation
the capital of banks of circulation which never do
issue in fact any circulation at all, or none of any
account. Some of the city banks, with a capital of
five or six million dollars, are without any circu-
lation at all. If you calculate it on such a hypoth-
esis you may make the figures prove your theory.
If the plan in the House bill for preventing the
banks from making over issues is wrong, correct
it. The House bill was made for that purpose,
and Was believed to be effective'for that purpose;
and if it is not, a different order and arrangement
may be made.
Now, what is the proposition in lieu of it? As
I understand it, as it is now amended by the Sen-
ate, it is in this form: that instead of having that
arrangement to prevent over issues, you will have
a tax of one per cent, per annum for two years,
and after that two per cent, per annum on the
amount of the circulation of the banks. I wish
it could be possible, in arguing a point like this
among gentlemen, meaning to be conducted, I
take it, upon the principles of frankness and hon-
esty, that they would either blow hot or blow
cold. I have been trying for some time to get it
in that shape. I would that they would say, this
tax is to ruin the banks, or it is not, one or the
other; but there is a playing around about it all
the time. The honorable Senator from Maine
comes directly to the point, and says that the
whole plan is to be frustrated unless these banks
are broken down. That is frank; that is right.
Other gentlemen say, I will vote for this thing or
that thing; but I do not mean any war on the
banks. By war on the banks, I mean that :^rt
of legislation, the administering that sort of med-
icine to them as shall make them wind up; make
them, if you please, find it for their interest to do
so. That is the persuader; and it is to be done
by persuading them to wind up. It reminds me
of the witness who said one man enticed another
man off his lot. He insisted upon it in his testi-
mony that he was there and saw the man entice
the other off his lot. He was a very unwilling
witness, and after a great deal of pressing, when
asked how he did it, he replied, ** with a pitch-
fork over his head and shoulders." [Laughter.]
The banks are to be enticed into this system with
a pitchfork over the head and slumldeis; but we
are not to do it at once. You are to do it upon
the principle upon which the black fellow acted
when directed to cut off the dog's tail. He did
not cut off the whole tail at once, but cut it off an
inch at a time, so that the dog could bear it.
[Laughter.] it is a process of dismemberment, if
you please, which is to result in making the banks
wind up; and we tell them so now. But gentle-
men say, we do not mean to hurt the banks. In
one sense you do not hurt them, if you mean by
lhat that winding up the bunks does not hurt them;
you only want to persuade them into the other
system. We had better talk plainly about it as
it is. Let us not be blowing hot and cold about
it. Let us have one thing or the other, and say
that tins is to wind up the banks; but if you please
do not call that not hurting them, if ceasing their
existence as banks does not hurt them, th< n you
are right.
Mr. President, I have no desire to go over again
the arguments that have heretofore been m ido by
me, whether listened to or not; but a f -w words
have been dropped to-day, in reply to wlrch I
desire to occupy a few minutes, k is said that
this system, as a general system, cannot go into
operation without the discontinuance of this cir-
culation of the banks. 1 do not see why. I know
ii will not be a uniform cunenry; nor will h be
if you have that, for your Inu-ks will be situated
a «rreat ways npan, and the notes of each will be
payable at the place of its existence, lot ctiion, and
issue, and it is impossible to make, them uniform.
Hut, sir, why is it that these banks cannot go on ?
What is the magnitude of tins system that small
things cannot stand in its way ? 'I t is $300,000,000
of issue, and we have >250,000,000 out now. It
is said that some of that will be taken up in this
scheme. It may be, and it may not. Tin y may
choo.se to make these banks, if they mak" them
at all, upon the bonds that are already our, and
really relieve nothing at all. How that may be
I do not know.
But, sir, bow is this? It involves ^300,000,000
and $250,000,000; and what is the trouble? How
