1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
much have these State banksgotout? They have
got $167,000,000 in all, against seven or eight hun-
dred million dollars by you; and it is expected
that under the operations of the bill, if adopted,
they will decrease that$167,000,000 down to about
$130,000,000 at most. Howean that stand in the
way of this banking scheme? It seems to me
nothing more nor less than saying, " 1 cannot
endure, in the currency I am going to make, the
rivalship of these few State banks; and however
patriotic they may have been; however important
they are to their neighborhoods and their differ-
ent States; however much confidence their people
have in them; however much they benefit the
business of the country,I cannot endure that they
should exist." Whynot? If they are not good,
certainly the people will not keep them up; but
they are good, and we are to say we cannot en-
dure their rivalship. In short, it comes to this,
" I cannot get along, nor do I mean to getalong,
as long as Mordecai sits at the king's gate; the
gallows must be erected; he must he hung." I
am opposed to it altogether, and for the reasons
that 1 have heretofore given. I think they ought
to be supported, especially when they do not stand
in the way of the Government.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I trust I
may be allowed to make my objections to this
amendment and to the general principles involved
in it from a different stand-point from that occupied
by the Senator from Vermont. I have always
been opposed to the bank paper system. As my
attention has been particularly called to this sub-
ject from my relations to the Committee on Pi-
nance, I desire to state my objections to this whole
 j$cy: and first, that my present opposition to
the system of taxing bank circulation may turn
out to be consistent with my long opposition to
bank circulation. This is a revolutionary period,
a time when the Republic is greatly disturbed,
and in which the relations of men to money should
not be disturbed. At some period in our Govern-
ment, when careful counsel and careful consid-
eration might govern, it might Jbe well to reform
ourgeneral monetary arrangements, and establish
some system, well and carefully devised, whereby
we might secure to the Government a uniform
currency.
But permit me to say that, with some observa-
tion and some experience, I profess to understand
the relations of men to money and business in this
country. I understand the relation of the small
mechanic in a New England town to the bank
that furnishes him the means to carry on his small
business; the relation of that same bank to the
small trader, enabling him to have facilities to
carry on his small trade; and from that to the first
merchant in the village; and from that to the men
of the most enterprise in the circle of the immedi-
ate banking operations. These relations have con-
tinued for many years, and have become the estab-
lished system of New England, or, if you please,
of New York, as I know, and of other central
States of the Union.
I know that at the present time and for the last
fifteen years, out of the old New England States
and the northern and central States of the coun-
try, have come the means whereby the products
of theWest have been brought by commerce in re-
lation to the business of the East and sentabroad.
The business of the country has been carried on
for many years through these facilities. A young
man from any town in New England, whose credit
had been established by his good conduct and his
quality for integrity, had a credit, and used the
money of New England or New York or Penn-
sylvania to buy the products ofthe West and bring
them to the proper market. In this way the busi-
ness of the East and the West has been conducted,
and it is now being conducted. I know very well
when I was a resident of what is now the great
city of Chicago many years since, that the money
that purchased the grain of our western fields was
furnished by eastern banks, and I know that it
is furnished in the same way now. Men have won
their credits at homo by the proper application of
their industry, by known enterprise, and by es-
tablished credit. Our country is moving now upon
bases established for a quarter of a century.
Men have their reputations now, their ciedits in
their various localities, perhaps where they were
born, that are as old as twenty-five or fifty years.
While I am opposed to the system of paper
currency in every form, and while I represent a
State where we use gold and silver, I understand
how mischiovous it will be at this time of our
country's trouble to disturb the foundation of
local credit and break down the institutions that
have the relations of half a century to inaugurate
the adventurers who are to turn in and occupy
place and authority under the organizations to be
established now.
Mr. President, these are no crude opinions of
mine. They are the result of observations made
—I will say myself—through a quarter of a cen-
tury of the relations of men in business, and now
these bank institutions radiate out through their
influences from the old populations of the Republic
to the extremest borders. I say these attempts
now, when we should busy ourselves about our
present necessities, to make radical changes, are
elements of disturbance and not elements of order.
I have been opposed to this taxation as an entire
system, not because I favored banks in Connecti-
cut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York,
or Pennsylvania, but because they were a present
featureof our business system, nottobe disturbed
or changed at this time by radical changes, by
mere theorists, who are not masters of any depart-
ment of finance. No one will undertake to say
that those who have adopted either system, bank
or taxation, understand even the elements of a
system of finance such as should obtain now in
the Republic. No one will undertake to say it.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance will
not undertake to say that he is; nor will he under-
take to say that the Secretary of the Treasury is;
and these radical changes are not the things that
should be done at this time.
This war upon the circulation of our banks
might be a proper matter of reform at some time
when in the full possession of our strength and
in a state of peace. We might then, upon full
consultation, determine upon a fixed policy. We
have no time for that now; and I do say, and I
think I am well advised in saying, that these as-
saults upon the organized moneyed institutions of
thecountry will disturb commercial relations;and
when 1 say commercial relations, I mean.the re-
lations between all men who engage in exchanges,
from the smallest man who produces to the small-
est man who purchases and who engages in the
enterprises of "business that tend toward partic-
ular and general national progress and develop-
ment, and'toward national wealth. 1 trust that ill
the progress ofthe action of Congress the whole
of this thing of assault upon organized moneyed
institutions will be abandoned, and that we shall
leave to the future to make such regulations as
may be deemed expedient for the public good.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to say one word
in reply to the Senator from Vermont. As to my
friend the Senator from California, I shall not at-
tempt to reply to him, because he always assumes
in argument on these questions that nobody
knows anything; and therefore it is not worttl
while to say anything in reply to him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will certainly concede
to the Senator from Maine that he knows infinitely
more than I ever began to learn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not accept any
such admission from the Senator.
But my idea about this matter is simply this:
we have passed the bank bill, and we have passed
it with two objects: one is to furnish a uniform
currency to the country; the other—and that is
good to a certain extent—is to furnish us with
the means of disposing of our bonds, and thus sup-
porting the Government. Now, if it is to accom-
plish either of these purposes, itmust have some-
thing like unrestricted action. I do not assume,
as the Senator from Vermont seems to repeatafter
the Senator from New York, that it is to break
down and destroy the banking institutions as they
at present exist; but it is to induce them, " entice '
them, if the Senator prefers that word, into issu-
ing the circulation that we furnish instead of issu-
ing their own bills in competition with it. They
continue banking institutions; they are not de-
stroyed; they are notinjured; a time is set within
which it is hoped they may be enabled to arrange
their business, and they want some time for that,
so as to withdraw their circulation and obtain this
capital in lieu of the capital they now have, and
that is all there is of it. The idea that they are
to be swept out of existence, to be broken down,
or anything of that description is mere talk; It is
a catch-word. It has its effect upon m«u who do
not stop to think. It may have an effect out' of
this Chamber. It cannot have much effect in
it when men look at the question in issue as it
really is.
Whether this scheme is to be successful or not
I do not undertake to say. I do not pretend to
be much of a financier. My habits of life have
not made me so; and I assume but very little
upon that subject; but I can understand a plain
proposition when it is before me, I think; and
what is that? It is simply that the Government
will furnish a currency based upon their own
bonds, to be issued by banking institutions, or
banking corporations, whether made in one form
or another; and the bill is so arranged as to en-
able existing banking institutions to come into
it.- It is notaquestion whether they shall cease
banking, shall cease issuing bills, but whether
they shall issue bills which the Government fur-
nishes, based on the Government securities. With
them it is simply a question of time, and a ques-
tion of expediency, also. If they do not believe
it is profitable they will not do it. If they find
they can do it profitably, they will do it. But
the system proposes to accomplish two great na-
tional objects. The question, then, is, whether the
idea of the bank interest, as it at present stands,
shall be put directly in the way, and prevent these
great objects from being accomplished at this
period of time and in the present condition of the
country? That is the question; and when 1 say the
design is that they shall gradually be led by their
own interest to adopt this system for the good of
the country, I do not mean that those institutions
shall be destroyed; and that use of language on
the part of Senators is what I object to. That
being a plain proposition, everybody can under-
stand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I do not
mean to charge the honorable Senator with any
perversion of my argument; but it seems to me
if tliese banks are to be offered the chance of
coming in under this system, as the gentleman
understands the bill to be, they should be left to
consult their own interests about coming in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And at the same time, if
the Senator will allow me, retain the power hi
their own hands to prevent the operation of the
very thing we desire to accomplish. That is what
he desires; I do not.
Mr. COLLAMER. To my view, Mr. Presi-
dent, those two propositions are utterly incom-
patible. To leave them as banks to go on and
consult their own interests, whether they will
come into this scheme is one thing; to say.thnt
you cannot go on with it unless you compel or
make it their interest to come in is another thing.
Leave the banks to settle that question. If they
can find it for their interests to come into it, if
such inducements are held out to them that it is
for the public interest and their own that they
should come into it, nobody has any objection to
it. But there is a tax put upon them of om tier
cent., if you please, upon their circulation. Gen-
tlemen well know as 1 do that a bank-—I mean in
the country partofNew England, New\oilt, or
Pennsylvania—a country bank is entirely deoensl-
eut on its circulation for profits, as its capital can
make nothing. Then you put a tax of say one
per cent, per annum on them, and a common, ei th-
nary country bank, with a circulation of J100,000,
besides paying three percent, on its income, oke
other business of the country, is to pay $1,000 a
year besides. What for? If it is to help our
finances, and is a reasonable tax on them, very
well. But compare it with other taxes, and re-
member at the same time that the city banks
which have not any circulation are not to pay
anything at all. They have a much laiger capi-
tal, much more invested in banking, and the lax
does not reach them in any way whatever. It is
much more of an object to the country to 'rive
that capital invested in these newly created banks
of the country, if there is any object in it; and
yet there is no tax on them. The amount or all
that is nothing more nor less than to lay Mich a
tax, beginning with one per cent., it you plee.se,
then two per cent., and then three per -'en:., as
that they shall find it for their interest to come into
this scheme. What is that but. coercion ? It is
doing that by which they are gradually, it' you
please, deprived of the possibility of keeping out
of it. It is coercion. _ .
We then come to the other point. Is it advis-
