THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1862.
New Semes....".No. 1.
This is the first number of the Congufrsionat, Gi.obe
for this session—the third of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
It Is stereotyped, and therefore the back numbers can he
supplied at any time. Missing numbers, containing six-
teen pages, will be sent to subscribers at three cents a
number.
The price for the Congressional Globe and Appendix
for this session is $3.
These woiks go free by mail to any post office in the
United States, by act of Congress.
THIRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS,
THIRD SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 1, 1862.
The Senate commenced the third session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress this day, pursuant to
the Constitution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore (Hon. Solo-
mon Foot) called the Senate to order at twelve
o'clock, m.
Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate, opened the proceedings of the session
by prayer in the following language:
Almighty and everlasting God, who art in
heaven, while we,Thy creatures, are upon earth,
be merciful to us in our prayer, and direct it aright
this day before Thee. We thank Thee thatThy
servants are met again in the Capitol undisturbed.
We thank Thee that Thou hast graciously pre-
served them during the period of their separation,
and hast brought them together in the high con-
clave of the nation to deliberate upon the affairs
of a people greatly afflicted and yet not wholly
destroyed. And while we remember w^th the
deepest reverence and humiliation that it has not
pleased Thee fully to answer all our former sup-
Elications from this place, we yet implore Thy
lessing upon the Congress now conveued in their
coming counsels, cares, and labors. May they
stand in more than Jewish reverence and in more
than Roman virtue before the people. Remove far
away from the body and membersof the American
Senate all levity of mind and of manners, all pro-
fanity and volubility of speech, and all unworthy
motives and desires, and give to them all wisdom
and gravity and propriety and influence with the
people in their high function of conscript fathers
nnd elders of the Republic. We rejoice that the
machinations of foreign intervention have been
thus far defeated and postponed. We rejoice in
that proclamation which we hope has begun to in-
spire some salutary fear in the rebels of the South,
as well also as to outreach the false and lying
prophets o.f the North. We rejoice in that terri-
ble fiery furnace through which we arc passing to
test tiie true spirit of the people, and the real senti-
ment of those who so long and so loudly cricd out
for the extinction of human bondage. We pray
that Thou wilt continue to uncover, on the one
hand, the cruelties of mankind's oppressions, and
on the other, the insincerity of their philanthropy;
and when our wounds and our wretchedness shall
have been full}'' probed, we pray, 0 gracious God,
for Thy cleansing and healing and sanctifying
power, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.
SENATORS PRESENT.
The following Senators were present. Prom
the State of
Maine—Hon. William Pitt Pessenden and Hon.
Lot M. Morrill.
JVSio Hampshire—Hon. Daniel Clark.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot and Hon. Jacob
Cnhamer.
•Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and Hon.
Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry 13. Anthony.
Connecticut—Hon. La Fayette S. Foster and
Hon. James Dixon.
►Vctc York—Hon. Preston King and Hon. Ira
Harris.
Jersey—Hon. John C. Ten Eyck.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Edgar Cowan.
Delaware—Hon. James A. Bayard and Hon.
Willard Saulsbury.
J
Virginia—Hon. John S. Carlile and Hon.
Waitman T. Willey.
Kentucky—Hon. Lazarus W. Powell and Hon.
Garrett Davis.
Missouri—Hon. John B. Henderson.
Ohio—Hon. Benjamin F. Wade and Hon. John
Sherman.
Indiana—Hon. Joseph A. Wright and Hon.
Henry S. Lane.
Illinois—Hon. Orville H. Browning and Hon.
Lyman Trumbull.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler.
Wisconsin—Hon. Timothy O. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes and Hon. James
Hnrlan.
Minnesota—Hon. Henry M. Rice and Hon.
Morton S. Wilkinson.
California—Hon. Milton S. Latham and Hon.
James A. McDougall.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesmith.
Kansas—Hon. S. W. Pomeroy and Hon* James
H. Lane.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented the credentials of
Hon. Richard S. Field, appointed a Senator of
the United States, by the Governor of the State
of New Jersey, to fill, until the next session of the
Legislature of that State, the vacancy occasioned
by the death of Hon. John R. Thomson. The
credentmls were read, and the oath prescribed by
law was administered to Mr. Field, and he took
his seat in the Senate.
Mr. NESMITH presented the credentials of
Hon. Benjamin F. Harding, elected a Senator
of the United States by the Legislature of Ore-
gon to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Hon. Edward D. Baker. The credentials were
read, and the oath prescribed by law was admin-
istered to Mr. Harding, and he took his sent in
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the credentials of
Hon. Samuel Greene Arnold, elected a Senator
of the United States by the Legislature of Rhode
Island to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resig-
nation of Hon. James F. Simmons. The creden-
tials were read, and the oath prescribed by law'
was administered to Mr. Arnold, and he took
his seat ,n the Senate.
NOTIFICATION TO THR HOUSE.
On motion of Mr. FES3ENDEN, it was
Ordeied* That the Secretary inform the House of Repre-
sentative^ that a quorum of the senate has assembled, and
that the Senate is ready to proceed to business.
NOTIFICATION TO TlXfi PRESIDENT.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Resolved* That a committor, consisting of three mem-
ber--, be appointed to join such committed as may be ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives, to wait on the
President of the United vStates and inform him that a quorum
of ea< h rfe>u-o assembled, and that Congress is ready
to receive any communication he may be pleased to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Collasier, Grimes, andSaulsbury such
committee.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion of Mr. BROWNING, it was
O, dcred, That the hour of the daily meeting of the Senate
be twelve o'clock, until otherwi.-e ordered.
ORGANIZATION Oh" THE HOUSE. -
At twenty-five minutes to one o'clock, Emer-
son Etih;iud<.'.e, Esq., Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentative s, appeared below the bar, and deliv-
ered the following message:
Mr. : I have bnen directed to inform the Sen-
ate that a quorum of the House of Representatives has
assembled, a ad that the House i.-' now ready to pioccea to
bti'-ipes* .
The H/>ue ■* has passed a resolution directing the appoint-
ment o«'a coiinnut^e on the part of the House, to join such
committee as may be appointed on the pan of the Senate,
i to wait on t:ie Tresidri.t or* the United States, and nifoim
him that a quoimn of the two Houses has assembler, and
that Con<ri e.-:- is ready to receive any communication he
niav be pleaded to make; and has appointed Mt. H asii-
bi'rne, of Illinois, Mr. Oiusfxej.o, of Mainland. and Sir.
VibbarDj of New York, the committee on the part at the
House-.
RECESS.
Mr. ANTHONY., I move that the Senate take
a recess until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
the president's message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resume# the-
chair at twenty minutes past one o'clock, and
called the Senate to order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, the com-
mittee appointed to inform the President of the
organization of the two Houses have performed
that service, and were informed by him that. His
message would be immediately communicated.
After a pause of a few minutes, John G. Nico-
lay« Esq., Private Secretary of the President of
the United States, appeared below the bar* and
said: Mr. President, I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to deliver to the Senate
a message in writing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being made, the Secrelary of the Senate will pro-
ceed to read the annual executive message.
The Secretary, John W. Forney, Esq.,there-
upon read the message. [It will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr, ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the Presi-
dent'* message and accompanying documents be printed,
omitting the statistical matter, and one thousand copies
with the statistical matter for the u«e of the Senate.
Resolved futtker, That uierc be printed, in addition, for
the use of the heads of the Departments, one thousand
eight hundred copies of the message of the President and
accompanying documents, with the statistics and maps,
one thousand copies of which for distribution to pablic
hbraues in the States and Territories by the Secretary of
the Interior. Also, two thousand additional copies of the
repoit of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the use
of his office; one thousand copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, for the use of'his of-
fice ; five hundred copies ofthe repoit of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, for the use of that office; five hun-
dred copies of the reports of the officers in charge of tba
Government Hospital for the Insane, for the use of said of-
ficcis ; five hundied copies of the reports ot the Columbian
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, for the
use of said officers; and five hundred copies of the reports
of the officers in charge ofthe Penitentiary for the District
®f Columbia, for their use.
In order that the views of the Secretary of the Interior
1 upon the vauous subjects treated of m these reports may
be the more full} uuder>tood,
Be it further resolved, That so much of his report w
printed therewith as relates to the same subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This resolu-
tion v.'ili go to the Committee on Printing, under
the rule of the Senate, so soon as that committee
shall be organized. In the meanwhile the resolu-
tion will lie upon the table.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; ana the Senata
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Deoember-1, 1862.
In pursuance of constitutional provision the
House of Representatives of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress assembled in its third session this day;
and, at twelve o'clock, m., was called to order by
the Speaker, Hon. Galusha A. Grow, a Repre-
sentative from the State of Pennsylvania.
Praver by the Chaplain of the House, Rev. T.
H. Stockton.
The roll having been called, the following mem-
bers and delegates answered to their names. From
the State of
MAINE.
John N. Goodwin, John H. Rica.
S&nisel C. Fcssenden,
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Edwaid H. Rollins, - Tnotoaa M. Edwards.
VERMONT.
E. P. Walton, Eaxtet.
Justin S. Morrill,
MASSACHUSETTS.
Thomas D. Eliot, Daniel W. Gooch,
James Buffinton, Charles K. Train,
Benjamin F. Thomas. Henry L. Dawas.
&amu«I Hooper,
