1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
they have come up at all times to the support of
the Government there in putting down rebellion.
I do not think they have ever shrunk from it. In
fact, it is but a short time ago that a considerable
amonnt of money was advanced by the banks to
the Governor of theJState and used by him in
enrolling the militia Tor the purpose of putting
down the rebellion in the State. I do not know
whether it will ever be paid back. Perhaps it
may be when our financial condition in the State
is improved and better than it now is; but there
is but little hope at piesent.
Under all the circumstanccs, therefore, would
it not be better, as that seems to be so desirable,
to tax the redundant circulation merely? As I
understand the proposition, it is simply this: the
Secretary complains that there is too much circu-
lation by the local banks; that it interferes with
the circulation of the Government; it interferes
with the Treasury notes; it depreciates the value
of the Treasury notes; that because of the fact of
the suspension of specie payments the local banks
all over the country are issuing without limit a
very large circulation. Now, suppose that be-
yond a certain amount of circulation we tax them
even more heavily than is proposed by the House
bill. I will consent to that. "Why not let the banks
stand, then, with a reasonable circulation, such as
we may suppose was contemplated by the differ-
ent States at the time of the organization of the
banks? I think it would be better than to attempt
to force capital into a channel which, perhaps,
wiil be repugnant not only to the people but to
the State Legislatures also.
As to organizing the banking capital of the dif-
ferent States under this law, ] have no idea that
it #ftn be done. I think the Senator from Vermont
is perfectly correct on that subject. I have exam-
ined our laws on this subject and the bill that has
been passed, and I am sure that no bank now or-
ganized in the State can, without winding up its
affairs, enter into the bank system under the bill
passed yesterday. Itcannotbe done; itisimprac-
ticable; and unless the amendment of the Senator
from New Yoik is adopted, I think it will be found
perfectly inoperative. It is? true, the visitorial
power under this bill, and under the law of my
State, might, perhaps, be exercised by both au-
thorities; butthere are provisions of the State law
requiring a certain amount of coin on hand; this
other law docs not require that. Thcie are various
provisions that would thoroughly preclude the
idea of organizing under both the local law and
the law of Congiess.
Then, if this redundant circulation of the banks
is in the way, owing to the condition of affairs m
our country, when specie payments are suspended,
and when we cannot control otherwise this sur-
plus circulation, .why is it not proposed to tax
more heavily than proposed by the House of Rep-
resentatives the surplus circulation, and let a lea-
sonable circulation by the State banks remain as
it has heretofore15 If the banks are not properly
taxed I am willing to tax them; but I do not want
to put a prohibitive tax on them. I do not desire
to say that it is necessary to break down one sys-
tem in order to build up another that is yet untried ;
and therefore I think the system, if adopted, will
work injuriously.
It is not worth while for me to enter into this
question of loyalty or disloyalty. I exceedingly
regret that discussions m rcgaid to the loyalty of
Senators arise here upon almost every question
presented. It is a great deal better to consider meas-
uies before us and to take counsel of each other,
and in this condition of the country to do the best
we can, to look to the txue interests of the country,
and to look to them alone. [ am willing to take
whatever course is best calculated to promote that
interest, and let the consequences take care of
themselves. Senators can differ here about meas-
ures to sustain I in3 Govei nment without being dis-
loyal, and without one being more loyal than an-
other. Hence, sir, I think discussions of this
character do a gieat ueal of harm.
I have said ail I wish to say on this subject. I
have said it in explanation ot the course I intend
to pursue. I want to support this bill. I would
rather that this proposition were out of it; for I
do not wish to support the bill with this proposi-
tion in it. The balance of the bill I wish to sup-
port. I do not say that if this proposition be adopt-
ed, I cannot support the bill; but I would prefer
that it were left oeit of the bill. I do not desire to
interfere with vested capital. I do not desire to
say that it shall take another channel. I do not
desire to say that it is not beneficial to the coun-
try where it is, and that therefore we will seize
upon it and convert it to other purposes, purposes
not originally designed by the stockholders nor by
the States incorporating them at the time of their
incorporation. I do not desire any coercion what-
ever. If they adopt this system, let them do it
voluntarily.
Now, in regard to the resources of this country,
it strikes me, as I said the other day, that if it
should become necessary at any time to appeal to
the capital of the country, it will be forthcoming
in any shape whatever in which it may be re-
quired in order to uphold the Government. I
have no doubt of it. I cannot doubt it. I can-
not doubt that the people themselves, the share-
holders in banks, the shareholders in insurance
companies, and of other incorporated companies,
as well as the masses of the people themselves,
will come up and support the Government, either
in the purchase of its bonds, or in circulating its
paper whenever it may be necessary so to do.
But, sir, I do doubt, and I have always doubted,
the expediency of issuing large amounts of Treas-
ury notes. I never thought we should makeany-
thing by it. I know it must be resorted to to a
certain extent; butl have always thought, and I
still think, that as good a policy as any would be
to put our bonds in the market, and to borrow
the large amount of money necessary to carry on
this war. I know it may be answered that the
bonds will sell under par. Suppose they do.
What do we get by issuing a large circulation of
Treasury notes ? They only become depreciated.
You may say they are legal tenders; but what
does that amount to ? The difference between
them and gold becomes apparent in spite of all we
can do; pnccs enhance; and in the end the Gov-
ernment makes nothing, and we corrupt the cur-
rency of the country.
But, sir, I will submit the question without
further remark to the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
VISAS—Mos-r*. Chandler, Clark. Doolittle, F^ssenden,
Hicks, Howe. Knur, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Moirill, NeMmtli, I'omeroy, llice, Richardson, Sherman,
Bumnei, Tnrpic, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson ot Massa-
chusetts—^.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Carlile, Collamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Grimes, flairis, Henderson,
Howard, Powell, SauUbury, Ten TCyok, Wall, and Wilson
of Missouu—17.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in section eight, lines twenty-seven
and twenty-eight, to strike out the words "pro-
vided that," and to insert the word " and."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a mere
verbal amendment and will be made without a
vote of the Senate if theie be no objection.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. On page 10, section eight,
line thirty-five, 1 move to strike out "October,"
and insert " April." It was agieed to in commit-
tee, but I accidentally omitted it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eight, line forty-one, after the word " pre-
ceding" to strike out the words "as aforesaid,
duiingthe time when such duties remain unac-
counted for."
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
stnke out section nine, in the following words:
Ptc.9. Jlndhc if furthci enuded. Tiiat the ptovisions- of
the act entitled An act to piovide tor the bettei organiza-
tion ot the Treasury, and foi tint cdiecnou, t-afe-keemng,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue*-," ap-
proved August G, 1S46, be, and the i-ame aie hereby, so tar
modified as to authoiue the Secietaiy of the Trea%tuy, at
his. discretion, to allow any money obtained from loans or
internal revenue to be deposited ni >olvcut banks, to the
credit or the Treasutei ot the United States upon d-'posit
tnir. by t-aid bankf, with the Tieavurer an amount or United
Starch bonds oi Tica>uiy note* not le^ than Mich deposits,
respectively, a« security for the payment theieof; and from
tune to tune the Secretaiy ot the Treasuiy may u-se such
deposit*, by draft oi cheek, to pay any os the ci editors ot
the Government, or foi transier to tlie Treasury or au-
thorized dppoMtorles.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, line
fourteen, after the word "apply," to insert:
To all persons who shall imitate, counteileit, make, or
sell any paper as that used, or provided to be used, for the ,
fractional notes prepared or to bo prepared In the Treasury
Department building, and.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the Committee on Finance have now all been
acted upon.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to strike out, in the
fifth line of the eighth section,4he word "aver-
age." I merely wish to make a statement to show
the connection, and call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to it, and state
the object I have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By an amendment
already adopted all that portion of the section ha®
been stricken out.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not so understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such is the fact.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Secretary read the
amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, however, will
find the same word in the substitute.
Mr. CARLILE, And you cannot make sense
out of the amendment adopted, unless it is in it;
and therefore I take it for granted that it is in it.
The object I have in view is not to tax the circu-
lation of the banks that has been heretofore put
out, but to confine the tax to the circulation that
shall be issued after the passage of this act.
Mr. DAVIS. I intended to offer the same
amendment myself, I suggest to the Senatorfrom
Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator from Kentucky
is much more competent to propose it than I am.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all; but I was just only
going to suggest where he should insert it.
Mr. CARLILE. The Senator will allow me
to make my suggestion and then I will yield the
floor. By striking out the word "average," and
the words "circulation of," and inserting after
the words ** notes or bills," the words " issued
for circulation as currency after the passage of this
act," and then after the word " i.ssued," in the
amendment, insert "after the passage of this act,M
the object will be accomplished.
Mr. CLARK. I submit that the portion the
Senator proposes to strike out is already out of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is so in-
formed.
Mr. SUMNER. The w«id "average" is in.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the amendment having
been adopted cannot be amended now.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that the amend-
ment, as adopted, is confined in its operation to
circulation hereafter issued?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator must
answerfor himself; the Chair does notunderstana
for him.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that the understanding of the
Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the words in the printed bill to which
the Senator from Virginia has invited the atteii'
tion of the Senate have been stricken out. Whal
were the words inserted by the amendmentadopt
ed the Chair does not recollect; but they are no-'
now amendable, the Senate having agreed to them
in that form. They will be amendable hereafter,
when the bill shall be reported to the Senate, be-
fore the Senate shall concur in that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand that the
first four or five lines of the eighth section were
stricken out.
Mr. CARLILE. It does not so appear in the
printed bill.
Mr. CLARK. Senators will allow me to say
that I made the motion myself, and have the hill
marked to coirespond with it. All after the third
line of this section was stricken out down to the
twenty-seventh line.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment that I would
propose cuUils in in the second line, and there-
fore it is not opciated upon by the Senator's
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. It is a different amendment,
then, fiom that proposed by tne Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. But it proposes the same end.
After the word "individuals," in the second line
of the eighth seet.on, I move to insert the word
"hereafter;" so as to read, "that ail banks, as-
sociations, corporations, or individuals, hereafter
issuing notes or bills for circulation as currency,"
&c.
