THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON; D. C.
Tiiirtv-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1C, 1863.
New Series No. 60.
Mr. KING. I hope the*question will be lecon-
sidered. I voted differently from my colleague;
but I hope it may be reconsidered, that he may
have the direct question put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered upon reconsidering.
Mr. CLARK. I think we shall save time by
letting it be reconsidered by common consent,
and then let us come directly to a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be taken
to he the sense of the Senate, if there is 110 objec-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators wish it to be
so, I will not object; but J deny the right. There
never was such a right in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring; in the amendment matle in
Committee of the Whole to the eighth section.
Mr. HARRIS. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will it be in order to
offer an amendment to the bili after this?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To thisamend-
roent?
Mr. HENDERSON. To the eighth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
now.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer a pro-
viso to the eighth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vote on this
other question first.
Mr FESSENDEN. I object to that until the
vote is taken on the question which is now pend-
ing on the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To this amend-
ment the Senator from Missouri proposes an
amendment, the Chair understands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. His is not an amend-
ment to the amendment, but to the eighth section.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to be out
of order, and do not desire to offer any amend-
ment to consume the time of the Senate. I simply
desire, in good faith—I hope the Senator from
Maine will understand that I am acting in good
faith 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Senator
■wants to offer an amendment ill another place.
Mr. HENDERSON. To the eighth section of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatisnotnow
in order. It will be in order afterwards.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the question I
asked the Chair.
wMr. HOWARD. I wish that the amendment
may be reported, so that we may all understand
what it is. I do not think it is well understood
on this side of the Chamber.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out of section eight all after the third kne
to and including the twenty-seventh line, and to
insert in lieu of the words stricken out the follow-
ing:
One half of one
April 1, 1863, until
average amount on notes or bills outstanding currency
duun; the six months next jnecedmg the return hereinafter
provided lot; and on and atrei said 1st day of April, J865,
&aid tax or duty shall be one per cent, each half year there-
after on said average amount.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—M^si*. Clark, Dixon, Doolutle, Fe^seudcn,
IJicka, flow.ud. Howe. Kuij;, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Moiull, Nes-nuth, Pomeroy, liiee, Richardson,
Sherman, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson ol Mas-
saohu^i-uV—-20.
NAYS—.Mu&srs. Anthony, Arnold, Carhle, Coilamer,
Cowan, Davn, Foot, Fos-tei, Gurnet, ilatlan. Hairi^, lien-
deit=on, Powell, tfa.ulr.buiy, Ten Eyck, and Wall—115.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I renew the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont, in relation
to taxing deposits, and ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
60
u> per cent, each half year, fiom and after
intil the 1st day of Apul, ISGo, upon the
to insert at the end of the eighth section the fol-
lowing:
And all banks, associations, corporations, or individuals
doing business of banking or making loans or discounts or
negotiating bills, upon deposits of moneys or securities,
shall be subject to pay a duly of one half of one per cent,
each half year, and fiom and attei April 1, 1863, upon the
avetage amounts of such deposit* during the six months
next pre,ceding the returns, and one per cent, each six
months alter the 1st of April, 1863, which returns shall be
made at the same times and in thesamemannerand under
the same penalty a-s provided for the returns of bank cir-
culation « this or any other act of Congress.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays28; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Caihle, Coilamer,Davis, Foot,Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Richardson, and Ten Eyck—(J.
NAYtf—Mevr*. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Dof>little. Fessendon, Foster, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hicks, Ilotfe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kan-a«, Morrill, Nesmiih, Tomeroy, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
buiy, Sherman, Sumner. Wade, Wall,Wilkinson, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment now, to come in at the end of the eighth sec-
tion :
Provided, That the duty referred to in this section shall
only be levied upon such amount of circulation issaed by
any association or b.uiking eomp.my as may excced ®ne
haif the amount of its capital stock.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been already voted
down in the Senate, but I will state that the in-
equality of it would be so gross that it would be
impracticable. All the banks founded upon State
stocks would under this proposition pay twice as
much tax as the other banks. Where banks are
based upon stocks, the amount of the capital stock
is about equal to their circulation, and they invest
their capital stock in bonds, while other banks
founded on other systems generally have three
times the amount of their capital in circulation. It
would operate very unequally and unjustly.
Mr. CARLILE. The banks based on stocks
draw their interests on the stocks, which other
hanks do not. They draw double—twelve per
cent, interest—while the banks not based upon
stocks draw six percent.
Mr. SHERMAN. In other words, it would be
discrimination against a bank whose notes are se-
cured; a discrimination against the best hanks in
favor of the poorest banks. That would be the
effect ofit.
Mr. HENDERSON. I differ with the Senator
from Ohio in his idea that this proposition has
been voted down. There has been no distinct vote
on this proposition. It is a mere limitation of the
amount to be taxed; in other woids, it is a reduc-
tion of the amount of the tax. But I differ with
him very greatly in another view that he takes of
this matter. 1 think when we are talking of pro-
viding a circulating medium, we ought to look to
the ciiaracter of that medium. In the West we
have had experience enough on this subject to
teach usavery importantlesson. My idea is that
when a bank issues not exceeding one half of its
capital stock, its circulation is better than that of
a bank which issues double as much as its capital
stock. I think we ought to look somewhat to the
character of the paper we arc putting in the hands
of the people.
I do not see any necessity whatever for con-
founding all the rules of fmancu, and all the rules
of bank ciiculation, in orderto accomplish a pur-
pose at this time. As I said before, the capital
or the country is amply sufficient for us to get the
means to sustain the Government and yet keep
a good circulating medium in the hands of the
people. This amendment I think accomplishes,
partially at least, both these objects. I hope n
will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish an amend-
ment of this kind to be adopted under a misap-
prehension. The effect of this is to make a dis-
crimination in favor of the city banks. In the
city the capital is usually twice the circulation,
sometimes three or four times the circulation.
Neaily all the city banks would escape taxation
under this provision. I think every city bank in
New York would escape taxation, with one or
two exceptions, because their circulation^ is riot
more than half their capital, while the country
banks have in circulation twice ilie amount <>f.
their capital. It would make a discrimination;
against the country banks, who are least able-to
bear taxation. I think it is better to let the,bill
stand as it was framed by the committee, because^
there everything has been considered, and has had
the benefit at least of quiet examination.- ' '
Mr. HENDERSON. Permit me to ask the
Senator why a city hank keeps out less circula-
tion than a country bank?
Mr. SHERMAN. There are many reasons.
The city banks iely very much on their deposits.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is simply because
their circulation is better, is convertible, and they
cannot keep it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a great mistake.
The city banks rely on deposits and the country
banks rely on circulation.
Mr. HENDERSON. The difficulty is simply
this: if a bank keeps out a small circulation,
only argues that its paper is convertible and is
converted, and therefore it is a better circulating
medium. That is all.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let me suggest to the
Senator that the heaviest banks in the city of New
York, having the largest capital, have no circu-
lation at all, not a single dollar.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the Senator from
Indiana just voted against the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, who proposed to induce
other capital into this arrangement. We have
under the titl^of saving institutions, in St. Louis,
to-day, more capital than is invested in banks of
circulation, and yet the proposition to tax them
has been voted down.
Mr. COLL AM ER. Allow me to remark that
my proposition did not touch savings banks.
Mr. HENDERSON. It would include them,
because they engage in every department of bank-
ing except simply issuing circulating notes. I
went to the desk and examined the Senator's
amendment particularly, and in my opinion it
would include what are called savings institutions
m my State, because they do discount bills of ex-
change; they do loan money upon securities, upon
pledges of stock, upon mortgages, and upon per-
sonal security.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments weic ordered to be engrossed,
' and the bill to be read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler,Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Huvw, Dixon, Doohttle, Fe^emlen, Foot,
Fo-ter, Giimcs, Marian, Harris, Henderson, Hick*, IJow-
aul, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
i ill, \csmith, Ponieroyjlice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Caihle, Powell, Richardson, and Wall
—1.
So the bill was passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Kansas this evening, in some remarks
that he made here, to cast reflections on * ome that
I had made myself. It is probable, sir, from an
interchange of opinions between him and myself
that there was some misunderstanding between
I him and me in reference to what he had said and
I the positions we respectively occupied. Itisvcry
! probable that I may have been mistaken, and that
| what I have said before the Senate this evening
j was not warranted by the positions occupied by
| him. 1 ask of him that he state exactly what
; position he intended to occupy.
! Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I stated that while the
' Senator from Illinois was speaking on the subject
' of Mr. Buchanan Ss Cabinet, I asked him if he did
i not know that Mr. Stanton advocated the reifl-
; forcemcnt of the forts in Charleston harbor, and
1 the Senator fiom Illinois did not ar.swer; but the
Senator from Minnesota did, and that Senator
said that if Mr. Stanton did advocate the reinforce-
ment of the forts in Charleston harbor, it wa&not
