8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
ten later by a month—four weeks before his death
—he concludes as follows: " My heart bleeds for
my country." That was the feeling of a patriotic
heart! That was a noble sentiment for a dying
man to utter! It is a legacy to those who love
his memory and who bear his name!
Mr. President, in ordinary times, in times of
peace, we widely differ as to public policy. In
the heat of party strifes, we sometimes tear and
rend and pull each other down—the scandal of
the thing chiefly affects ourselves; but in times
of war and fierce rebellion, the question is our
country; and the man who loves his country best
challenges respect and wins our high regard.
Shall we, at such a time, madly divide and seek
each other's ruin—a time when God, in his dark ,
providence, daily sweeps us down in winrowsr
Shall we, in party feuds, dissolve our wasting
strength, whilst foul rebellion stalks abroad tri-
umphant? Shall it prove true, to wage apart;/
war, that—
''I and you and all of us fell down,
Wlulit Moody treason flourished over us?''
Nay,rather let us stop such wretchcd brawls, and
haste, with one accord, to save the country's life.
Let party struggles for a time give way, and let
the Union claim our undivided efforts.
Mr. President, I offer the folio wing resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sincere
desire of showing every mark of respect due to thememory
r.f Hon. John li. Thomson, deceased, late a Senatoi irom
the State ot New Jep><*y, will go into mourning by wear-
ing crape on tlte left ami foi thiitydays.
Resolved^That, a* an additional niaik of respect for tile
memory of Hon. John It. Thomson, the Senate do now
adjourn. !
Resolve/I, That the Secreuiv communicate these re^olu- j
tlons to the House of j
i
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I rise to see- 1
ond the motion of the honorable Senator from j
New Jersey. In so doing, sir, Set our sympathy j
and condolence be given to the living.relatives of :
©ur deceased associate; for while rhc land is filled 1
with unknown sorrow,and to the hearth-stone of
many an anxious heart there comes no voice to
tell of the lost father, son, or brother; while death
holds his carnival throughout the land, and thou-
sands of manly, brave hearts give to the spongy
earth their best living blood,
"And lie full low, grav'il in the hollow ground,"
it was permitted our departed friend to d[e sur-
rounded by the assuaging comforts of home, full
of years, and covered with honors. How often
during this Congress, Mr. President, has the
dark shadow " passed across our little number!
Alas! how many nave closed the doors of breath,
u And with ih-un Time
Slept, ac he sleeps upon the silent face
Of n dark dmi in a xuiiI<k->> place.*'
My first acquaintance with Mr. Thomson com-
menced nearly twelve years ago. During that
period 1 have known him well, although not inti-
mately. Entertaining the same views upon all
public questions, our association enabled me to
nave a knowledge of his leading traits of cluu-
acter.
In public life, Mr. President, there are gener-
ally two classes of men. Doth are necessary to
all useful legislation, and equally influential m
their respective spheres. The one class, by their
4* three pil'd hyperboles" and powers of oratory
sway and convince 'heir auditors-, the other class
exercise an influence, quiet but none the less potent,
by their hard common sense, said to be, after all,
the "genius of humanity." To the latter, as a
public man, Mr. Thomson belonged. With no
pretension, no member of this body exercised a
greater personal influence in the practical view of
ail public questions upon which he spoke. To this
traithe added a kind, conciliatory spirit, which at- .
tracted and won the affectionate esteem of all who
knew him. During our long acquaintance I never
heard him speak unkmdiy of any one.
To his political foes he was ever just and gen-
erous, and the record of his acts and sayings in our
midst has left no page marred by acerbities or
passion. When the present cruel rebellion first j
commenced, notwithstanding his associations and ;
friendships with many of its leaders were perhaps j
the strongest, Mr. Thomson did not hesitate to !
take side with the Governmentof the country and !
condemn their acuon \u the most emphatic man- !
tier As he was loyal in private life, so was he I
loyal to the country and Government in which he
lived.
Let others speak of his private qualities and
virtues who knew him better. I respected him
living; I honor his memory dead. And though
he has entered the " blind cave of eternal night"
yet his genial humor, kind smile, and affectionate
nature has woven a garland around the hearts of
many of the living which will be fresh even while
the seasons come and go, the years wane, and our
own shadows pass on bo the never-ending future.
Mr. FIELD. Mr. President, I cannot suffer
this opportunity to pass, of saying a few words
in reference to the character of the late Senator
Thomson, who, for so many years, filled the seat
which I now occupy; although, indeed, my col-
league has left me little to add to what he has so
weft said.
Mr. Thomson was not a native of New Jersey,
but he had lived so long among us, and had so
identified himself with all the interests of our
State, that \ve had ceased to remember that he was
only an adopted son. lie was born, as we have
been told, in the city of Philadelphia, on the 25th
of September, 1800. At an early age he entered
the College of New Jersey, but before he was
graduated, he engaged in mercantile pursuits,
spent some years in China, where he was the
consular agent of the United States, returned from
there in 1625, and married in Princeton, New Jer-
sey, where he continued to reside up to the time
of his death.
It was about that period that New Jersey en-
tered upon that system of internal improvement
which has done so much to develop her resources
and to augment her population and wealth; and
among those who were the most zealous and the
j most efficient in the prosecution of that great
. work, Mr. Thomson stood conspicuous. He was
i for more than thirty years a director and secre-
j tary of the Delaware and Raritau Canal Compauy,
and after the union of that company with the Cam-
| den and Amboy Railroad Company, he was a
j member of the executive committee of the joint
! board. He was also the loan agent of the united
; companies. He was connected, too, with the
| Philadelphia and Trenton Railroad Company,
! first as president and then as treasurer. The fact
! that he filled for so many years these important
j and responsible posts, is the best evidence of the
I integrity and the fidelity with wluch he discharged
j their duties.
| It was not until about the year 1844 that Mr.
Thomson became prominent in New Jersey as a
' public man. The old constitution of New Jer- i
i sey wan adopted prior to the Declaration of Inde- !
' pendence, and it was one of (he very first written ;
; constitutions, the deliberate choice of a free peo- '
i pie, that the world has ever witnessed. Now,
' we are familiar with them, but then they were al-
' most unexampled. It was intended, however,
j| oniyas a temporary and provisional form of gov-
|] ernment. It contemplated a reconciliation be-
'! tween the colonies and the crown, and made ex-
! press provision for thatevent. Ii was a rude diaft,
j! hastily sketched, full of imperfections; and yet,
sir, the people of New Jersey, for nearly seventy
,, years, continued to live under it and to enjoy a
' very large measure of prosperity, thus; furnishing,
perhaps, another illustration of the truth of the
sentiment contained m those well-known lines:
'• Foi IbjiiiN of government let fools contest ;
That which hi best adnmiiiteicd is best.''
But, sir, about the period to which I refer, the
attention of the people of New Jersey began to be
awakened to the necessity of a new constitution
hotter adapted to then wants and more symmetri-
cally constructed, and no one contnbuted more to
that end than Mr. Thomson, in a series of well
written essays, pointing out with great force and
clearness the defects of the existing constitution,
which he read in various portions of the State.
The result was that a convention was called for
the purpose of framinga new constitution. 1 had
the honor, as well as my colleague, of being a
member of that convention, Mr. President, it
was an honor, for an abler body of men never
convent d in the State of New Jersey, Of that
convention, Air. Thomson was an active and an
influential member. lie had read and thought
much upon the subject, and we were indebted to
his suggestions f'->r many valuable features incor-
porated into the constitution. ■ But,sir, he did not
take a prominent part in debate. He had never
been trained tor public speaking; he had not the
faculty of ''thinking upon his legs"—a faculty
which indeed seems to be born with some men,
but which in most cases is the result only of cul-
tivation and of practice.
When the constitution was ratified by the peo-
ple, Mr. Thomson was chosen by his political
friends as a candidate for the oflice of Governor
of New Jersey. He was not elected, but he bore
hisdefeat with a good grace, and patiently bided
his time. That time came in 1853. He was then
chosen by the Legislature of New Jersey to fill a
vacancy in this body, occasioned by the resigna-
tion of Commodore Stockton, and in 1857 he was
reelected for the full term of six years, which
would have-expired on the 4th of March, 1863.
Mr. Piesident, of his career in the Senate, there
are gentlemen here who are much better qualified
to speak than I am; but there is one portion of
that career to which I cannot on this occasion re-
frain from alluding. From his first entrance into
this body, his associations were with Senators
from the South. lie was a man to be won by
those captivating manners which so often distin-
guish gentlemen from that section of our country;
and he was, too, a personal, a warm personal and
political friend t>f the late President. But the mo-
ment he perceived that these men, with whom he
had been connected by the closest ties of friend-
ship and companionship, were engaged in a con-
spiracy for the destruction of the Government and
the disruption of the Union, bis stand was taken,
and from that position he never receded. Seces-
sion ! The doctrine of secession ! He repudiated
and abhorred it; and for its wickedness and its
folly he had no language too strong. In its efforts
to quell this rebellion, he gave to the Administra-
tion his warm and earnest support. He was ill
favor of their making use of all the power that
was necessary for that purpose. "Whatever means
were the most effectual, those means he believed to
be the most constitutional. He loved the Union;
but he had the sagacity to see that in that Union
was wrapped up the life of this natron, and that
those who ventured to assail the one nlenaced
the other. He revered the Constitution; but he
could not but remember that the very object of
that Constitution was " to form a more perfect
Union," and, therefore, whatever was necessary
to secure that object, that the Constitution en-
joined. For the purpose of securing that great
end for which the Constitution was designed, Mr.
Thomson, if it had been necessary, would have
been willing to put in abcyance the very Consti-
tution itself; because the Constitution was but the
means to an end, and that end was union.
Mr. President, if I may be allowed on this oc-
casion to obtrude my personal feelings upon the
attention of the Senate, I will say that Mr. Thom-
son was my friend, a friend of long standing; he
was for many years my next-door neighbor; every
day I looked out upon the beautiful grounds which
I had been embellished by his taste *,and yet,sir,dur-
I ingthe whole period of my intercourse with him,
| and up to the very time when these unhappy trou-
1 blcs began, we differed in our political views and
i sentiments toto ccelo. Mr. Thomson always be-
longed to what was called the Democratic party:
I never did belong to the Democratic party. Mr.
Thomson always voted what was called theDem-
ocratic ticket: I never voted the Democratic ticket.
I It gives me pleasure, however, to say that not-
j withstanding this difference in our political senti-
I rnents, never for one moment was our friendly in-
i tercourse interrupted.
j Mr. Thomson died without children, and yet,
; Mr. Piesident, he cannot be said to have been un-
i blessed in his domestic relations. In reference to
| his first wife, it is difficult for me even now to speak
i without emotion. She was the friend and com-
| pamon of my early years. She was indeed a most
j superior woman. The loveliness of her person
| was equaled only by the loftiness of her mind.
: She was the daughter of Richard Stockton, who
I was for many years confessedly at the head of the
New Jersey bar, who when quite a young man
was a member of the Senate during the adminis-
tration of John Adams, who was at a subsequent
period a membcrof the House of Representatives
during the administration of Mr. Madison. She
was the grand-daughter of that Richard Stockton
who was one of the signers of the Declaration of
Independence, and she was the niece of Dr. Ben-
