1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
94*
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affii motive—yeas 97, nays 25; as follows:
YHAS—Muis-rs. William Alien, Alley, Arnold, Ashley,
Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Baxter. Beamati, Diddle, ttinglmm,
Jacob B. iilan. Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Campbell, Oasev,
Cliambeilam, Cobb, Colfax, Conway, Cox, Cusfield, Cut-
ler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Edwards, Ely, fenton,
Fisher, Franchot, Gooeli, Goodwin, Granger, Gnder, Gar- (
ley, Hale, Hall, Hooper, Hutchins. Julian, Kellcy,Ftancis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lanping, Law,
Leary, Loomic, Loveioy, Mcindoe, McKean, MeKtucht,
McPherson, Maiston, Maynard, Moorlicad, A «on P. Moi-
rill, Noell, Norton,Olin, Patton,Timotbv G. Phelps, Pike,
Pomoioy, X'orter, Potter, Alexander II. Rico, John [I.Rice,
Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Suel-
labarger, Sherman, Smith, John B. Steele, Stevens, Tiain,
Trimble, Trowbudge, Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgli, Vim
Wyek, Verree, Voorlipfs, Wallace. Walton, Wheeler,
- Whaley, Wilson, Windoni. Woodruff, Wright, and Yea-
man 1)7.
NAYS Messrs. Ancona, Buffinton, Calvert, Clements,
Fiedenek A. Conkling, Crittenden, Eliot, Thomas A. D.
Fessenden, Harding, Harrison, flolman, Johnson, Low,
Mallory, Noble, Safgunl, ShicI, Sloan, ritiles, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Wadswoith, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wick-
liffe, and Woicebter—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, as amended,
was then adopted.
Twelfth and last amendment:
Add at tile end of the bin the following as an additional
section:
Sec. 3. Jtnd be it further enacted, That there shall be paid,
cut of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the several certificates issued by the accounting offi
cers of the Treasury Department to the officers, sailors,
niaiines, and crews of the Congress and Cumberland, and
other persons provided for by the act of April 2,1862, en-
titled " Ail act to provide for the equitable settlement of
the accounts of the officers and crews of the frigate Con-
gress and othei vessels."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question then rceurred on agreeing to the
fourth and fifth amendments reported from the
Committee oftheWhole on the state of the Union,
which had been passed over informally, and which
are as follows:
In line one hundred and fifty-one, paee7, under the head
of u lt.ivy-yaid, New Yotk," insert, after the vvouls " dry-
dock," the word-*, " for building a floating or sectional
dock of sufficient size and capacity for laising any vessels
now building."
In line* one hundred and fifty-five ami one hundred and
fifty-six, stiike out the sum of'v-463,003,'' andinseit in lieu
thereof "$1,213,003."
Mr. STEVENS. As that amendment adds
§700,000 to the estimates for the bill, I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was tnken; and it was decided in
the afiiimative—yeas 78, nays 43; as follows:
VISAS—Mussis. Aldnch, Alley, Ashley, Baker, Baxter,
Beam.in, lilake, liuffintou, Chamberlain, Clark, Cobb. Col-
fax, Frederick A. Colliding, Dawes, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot,
r,|v, Fenhm, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessen-
den, Fisher, Fianchot. Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gi.inner,
Gurley, ll.uglu, Harrison, Iloopei, Horton, William Kel-
Jo"2, Knapp, Ionising, Luvejoy. Low, Mcindoe, McKe.m,
IVIcKuight, Maymud, Anson I' Momll, Noel!, Ode!!, Olin,
Patten, Tnnotliv G. Phelps-, J'ike, Pomeioy, Potter, Alex- 1
andei 11. liiee, John 11. Rice, Riddle, Kdwairt II. Rollins, 1
Salient, .Seduwiek, Se^ai, Sheffield, Sllelbibai;iei, Slier- '
limn, Sloan. Smith, Spauldmg, Joln^B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Benjamin F. Thomas,Tram,Van Iloin,Van Wyck, i
Vooiliecs. W'aikei, Wallace, Walton, Wheeler, Wiialey, j
Wihon, VVindo'ii, and Woodruff—78. j
NAYS—Messrs William Allen, Ancona, Baily, liidiile, ,
Jacob II. lilaii, Samuel S. Blair, Calvert,Campbe,I,Ca«ey, ,
Clements, Co\, Ciavens, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Edgei-
ton, Gridei, Hall, llaidina, flolman, Johlism-, Julian, Kel-
Icy, Law, Leaiy, Mcl'heisoa, Malloiy, May, Munzies, .
Mitchell, Nixon, Norton, Pendleton, Porter, James Rol- j
lins, Stevens, Stiles, Trowhudfte, Wadsworiii, Webster, I
Chilton A. White, Wieklifl'e, Woiccster, and Yeaman—43.
.So the amendments were agreed to. !
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and j
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the tabic. j
The latter motion was agreed to. I
Mr. FENTON demanded the regular order of .
business. _!
The SPEAKER staled that the regular order of 1
business was the call of committees for reports of |
a private nature. jj
NATIONAL CURRENCY. (|
Mr. IIOOPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have taken from the Speaker's ,j
table Senate bill No. 486, in relation to the cur- j
miry, for the purpose of having it printed. :i
Mr. COX. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports of a private nature; beginning with
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I have no reports to make, but
I want to know if this regular order would prevent
the Committee of Elections from calling up some
reports now upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. They are questions of priv-
ilege, and may bo called up at any time.
Mr. DAWES. 1 am very desirous of dispos-
ing of several adverse reports, which will not give
rise to much debate.
Mr. FENTON. 1 want the House to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
to-day.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will give me
an hour by and by, I will not call up the reports
now.
Mr. FENTON. I desire that the call of com-
mittees shall proceed; and after the committees
have been called, 1 shali move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar. I think the gentleman from Massachusetts
can accomplish his purpose by waiting till a later
hour of the day. 1 hope he will not insist on his
question of privilege now.
Mr. DAWES. If I can have an hour this after-
noon or to-morrow, 1 will not press the question
of privilege at this time.
Mr. FENTON. The gentleman can get an
hour at any time. lie can call up a question of
privilege at any time.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware that I can press
these matters as questions of privilege; but I do
not want to do so if the House will give me an
hour immediately after the morning hour to-mor-
row.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands
the gentleman to give notice that after the morn-
ing hour to-morrow he will call up certain elec-
tion cases.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; two or three adverse
reports.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message fioin the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that it had
passed bills of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 506) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue; to provide for the more cer-
tain and speedy eollection of claims in favor of
the United States, and for other purposes;
An act (No. 514) for the relief of Elizabeth M.
Baxter, widow of the late Robert Baxter, second
lieutenant of the tenth regiment Minnesota vol-
unteers; and
An act (No. 515) to authorize an increase m
the number of major generals and brigadier gen-
erals for forces in the service of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the act (S. No. 407) to fix
the terms of the circuit courts in the districts of
Wisconsin and Iowa.
Also,.that the Senate had passed the following
bills of the House:
An act (No. 737) to issue an American register
to the steamship Karnak;
Joint resolution (No. 118) to revive an act to
secure to the officers and men actually employed
in the Western department, or department of Mis-
souii, their pay, pension, and bounty, and for
other purposes; and
An act (No. 634) giving aid to the Slate of Mis-
souri for the purpose of securing the abolishment
of slavery in said State, with an amendment, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House. .
Also, that the Senate had postponed indefinitely
an act (H. It. No, 5(12) for the relief of the estate
of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton, deceased.
enrolled bill.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Hills, reported as truly enrolled an aet(H.
R. No. 582) for the relief of persons for damages
sustained by leason of depredations and injuries
by certain bands of Sioux Indians; when the
Speaker signed the same.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 ask leave to have Senate bill
No. 486—the national currency bill—ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. COX. That order does not have the effect
of taking the bill from the Speaker's table? - - i -
The SPEAKER. No; it is only to have the
bill printed.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call committees for reports of
a private nature.
ALBERT BROWN.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 475) for the relief of Albert
Brown; and asked that it be putupon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of War to cause to be paid to Albert Brown, of
Kingston, New Hampshire, $14,100, in full pay-
ment for one hundred army wagons manufactured
by him under contract with Major Miller, of the
quartermaster's department, July, 1861, and de-
livered to the order of the Quartermaster General
in August, 1861.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report of the Senate Committee on Claims
was read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wove that the bill
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The bill was so referred.
THE BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee of Claimp,
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of the
brig General Armstrong; which received its sev-
eral readings, and was passed.
ASSIGNEES OF JACOB BARKER.
Mr. WALTON also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution to confirm the adverse
decision of the Court of Claims in the case of R.
R. Ward, and others, assignees of Jacob Barker;
which received its several readings, and was
passed>
Mr. WALTON moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM BRINDLE.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to pay William Brindle, late receiving and
distributing agent of Pawnee land district, for
clerk hire and office rent; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
WILLIAM STETSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
made an adverse report oil the petition of William
Stetson and others, owners of the schooner Gen-
eral Knox; which was laid on the table.
WAGON ROAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, asked leave to
report from the Committee on Public Lands a bill
(H. R. No. 679) granting lands to the State of
Michigan for the construction of a wagon road for
postaUnd military purposes.
The SPEAKER. That is a public bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent to report the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
HUBBARD AND SPENCER.
Mr. W1NDOM, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, a bill (H.
R. No. 606) for the. relief of G. S. Hubbard and
A. T. Spencer; which was laid on the table.
JAMES C. MATTINGLEY.
Mr. MALLORY, from the same committee,
reported a. bill tor the relief of James C, Mutiing-
ley, postmaster v. Uardstown, Kentucky, and
asked that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
directs the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury, in the
settlement of the accounts of James C. Matting-
ley, nostmaster at Bardstown, Kentucky, to allow
credit for the sum of §390, the amount of postage
stamps and of money accrued from postages be-
