1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAMP CONVALESCENT.
Mr. PATTON offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Whereas it is reported that many abuses exist in con-
nection with the administration of' Camp Convalescent,
near-Alexandria, and until they are corrcetcd the health
and Jives of thousands of our brave soldiers there stationed
will continue to be cndangeiod: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the joint committee on the conduct
of the war be directed to inquire upon the foregoing, with
such recommendation as they may deem requisite.
STATIONERY, NEWSPAPERS, ETC.
Mr. "WRIGHT offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the members and delegates of this House
be allowed at tliis session the same sum for stationery and
newspapers as is usually allowed at short sessions of Con-
gress ; that the Sergeaut-at-Aims be directed to pay the
usual mileage to the members of tins House for the present
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. FOUKE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it pertinent to ask a ques-
tion at this stage of the proceedings'
The SPEAKER. Not if in the nature of de-
bate. , . , .
Mr. MAYNARD. What I desire to ask is,
whether the first part of the resolution is not
superfluous, inasmuch as we are getting our sta-
tionery; and whether the second part is not ille-
gal, inasmuch as it is in violation of existing
law? , ,
Mr. WRIGHT. The first clause of the reso-
lution directs the furnishing of the usual station-
ery and newspapers. That hasahvays been done
by resolution; and the Clerk informed me that the
papers eould not be furnished unless by resolution
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 80 far as the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania concerns sta-
tionery, there is now a resolution of the House
that the sum of forty-five dollars be allowed for a
long session, and twenty-five dollars for a shoit
session.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will inform the gentleman
from Illinois that I went into the Clerk's office for
the purpose of ordering my newspapers, and could
not obtain them, as the Clerk informed me that a
resolution of the House was necessary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am speaking of sta-
tionery. What the gentleman says is true so far
as newspapers are concerned; but not as to sta-
tionery.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Clerk drew up the res-
olution in the ordinary way, copying it from the
Journal.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
modify his resolution, leaving outthe latter part.
The question recurring on the demand for the
yeas and nays, it was put, and they were not
ordered.
The question was then put on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will now offer his resolution in a modified form.
Mr. HICKMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the members and di'lesates of this House
be allowed, at this session, tile tame sum for newspapers
as is usually allowed at the short session of Congress.
INTEGRITY OF TIIE UNION.
Mr. STEVENS offered the following resolu-
tions, and moved that their consideration be post-
poned until Tuesday week:
Resolved, 'l'hat this Union must bo and remain one and
indivisible forever.
Resolved, That if any person in the employment of the
United States, m either the legislative or executive branch,
should propose to make peace, or should accept, or advise
the acceptance, of any such proposition on any other basis
than the integiity and entire unity of the United States and
their Territories as they existed at the ume of the rebellion,
he will be guilt} of a high crime.
Resolved, That this Government can never accept the
mediation or permit the intervention of any foreign nation ■
in thl* rebellion in our domestic affairs. j
Resolved. That no two governments can ever he permit- :
tod to exist within the ten itory now belonging to the United -
States, and which acknowledged their juiisdiction at the >
time of the insurrection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If in order now to amend
the resolutions, I offer to add the following words:
That any officer of the United States, either executive,
legislative, or judicial, who is opposed to close the present
war upon preserving the Constitution as it is, with all its
guarantees and privileges, and the union of the States as
established by said Constitution, is unworthy to hold such
office, and should be dismissed or removed from the same.
The SPEAKER. After a motion to postpone,
it is not in order to move an amendment.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. VALLA3N DIG-HAM. Does the postpone-
ment open the resolutions to debate nextTuesday
week ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises. The Chair is not clear
upon that point. The rule simply states that res-
olutions shall not be debated the day they are in-
troduced, and the Chair withholds his opinion
until the question is properly raised.
QUESTION 01' PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ASHLEY offered the following resolution,
and called the previous question:
Whereas, charges derogatory to the character and stand-
in" of a Kepiesciitntive are made in the Toledo Daily Blade
and other newspapers publi.-hed inliie tenth congressional
district of Ohio, in connection with certain letters written
by Hon. J. M. Ashley to Hon. F. M. Case, touehinghis ap-
plication and appomtmcntas surveyor general of the Terri-
tory of Colorado, of the date of February 2,1861; March 12,
March 16, March 18, and March 19,1862, and published m
said papers of September last: Therefore,
Be it resolved, Thata committee of five be appointed for
the purpose of investigating the truth of the charges above
referred to, and instructed to inquire into the whole subject-
matter, with power to send foi persons and papers, to ex-
amine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and to employ a
stenographer at the usual rate of compensation, with leave
to report at any time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, communicated to the House resolu-
tions of the Senate in relation to the death of Hon.
John R. Thomson.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, recommending an ap-
propriation of $9,500 as an equitable allowance to
be made to the owners of the French brig Jules et
Marie for damage sustained by that vessel through
a collision with the United States war steamer San
Jacinto, on the 3d of November, 1801, off the coast
of Cuba.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. ,-i
Mr. COX. I move as an amendment that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
They have had similar cases before them.
The amendment was agreed to; and the commu-
nication was accordingly referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
STATIONERY AND NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to reconsidcr the
vote by which the resolution was adopted which
1 offered a few minutes ago, for the purpose of
introducing into it stationery as well as news-
papers. I desire to say a word or two in order
that the purpose which I have in view may be
understood. I find that the rule of the House
merely provides for stationery for a long and a
short session. As we have had two sessions ot
this Congress, it may leave the matter in doubt;
and I therefore propose to clear it ot that doubt bv
inserting in the resolution the word " stationery,
as proposed by my colleague [Mr. Weight.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
at the extra session a resolution was adopted ex-
pressly for that session.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that there has
been a motion agreed to to adjourn over to-mor-
l-ow. Is that so?
The SPEAKER The House has decided that
when it adjourns to-day it will adjourn to m^et
on Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. I have received a note from
the Treasury Department saying that if we oalv
meet to-morrow at twelve o'clock the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury will be sent in. it-
is very desirable that the Committee of Waysand-
Means should have something before them on
which to prepare their bills. I therefore move
to reconsider the vote by which the House agreed"
to adjourn over. *
The motion to reconsider prevailed; and the
question recurring on the motion to adjourn over,
it was put and negatived.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported thefollowingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That live thousand copies of the report of Col-
onel J. I). Webster to the Secretary of War, on the project
of a ship canal from the Mississippi to Lake Michigan, ana
which was communicated to this House by the President,
be printed for the use of the House.
DEA-TII OF HON. JOHN R. THOMSON.
Mr. "NIXON. I now ask forthe consideration
of the message from the Senate. 4 '
The message from the Senate was read) and is
as follows:
In Senate of the United States,
December 4,1862.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sia-
ceie desire of showing every mark of respect due to the
memorv of Hon. Jon* It. Thomson deceased, late a Sen-
ator from the State of Now Jersey, will go into mourning
by wearing crape on the left arm lor thirty da^s.
Resolved unanimously, That as an additional
icspect for the memory of Ron. John R. Thomson, the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Resolved, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives.
Attest: - J. VV. FORNEY, Secretary.
Mr. NIXON. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the per-
formance of a painful duty. Since the close of the
second session of the present Congress, Hon .John
R. Thomson, one of the Senators of the United
States for the State of New Jersey, has closed his
earthly career. .
As he was one of the worthy representatives or
«loyal State, and a participator in the great events
which have been and are now so mightily disturb-
ing the current of the world's affairs, it can hardly
be^deemed obtrusive or unwise to make a brief
reference to his life,character,and public services.
John R. Thomson was born in the city of Phil-
adelphia, September 25, 1800. He died at his
residence in Princeton, New Jersey, on the night
of Friday, the 12th of September last, just before
the completion of the sixty-second year of his
mortal life.
Early in life he entered Princeton College, but
left there in the junior year, and devoted himself
to mercantile pursuits. In 1817, while yet in his
seventeenth year, he made a voyage to China,
and in 1820 he established himself as a merchant
in Canton, and was appointed consul of the Uni-
ted States for that port in 1823. _
Relinquishingthatoffice voluntarily,he returned
to this country in the month of March, 1825, and
before the close of that year he was married to
Miss Annie Stockton, one of the accomplished
daughters of Hon Richard Stockton, and sister
of Commodore Robert F. Stockton, of New Jei-
sey. From that time until his death he resided
at Princeton, and became thoroughly identified,
in interest, feeling, and views, with the people of
his adopted State. .
He was an active and influential officer m those
great works of internal improvement, the Dela-
ware and Raritan canal, and the Camden and Am-
boy railroad, from their beginning, in 1830, to the
period of his death, devoting much of his time,
even after he became absorbed in political affairs,
to the promotion of the interests of that powetful
joint corporation. , .
Mr. Thomson first appeared prominently in pol-
itics about the year 1842, when the question of a
new State constitution occupied so generally the
attention of the people of New Jersey. It soon
grew into a party measure; the Democrats, as a
general rule, advocating the call of a convention
to draft a new constitution,and the Whigs, with
characteristic conservatism, opposing any change.
Mr. Thomson entered actively into the contest,
both by public addresses and with his pen, and
contributed more, perhaps, than any other one
man in bringing into power a Legislature that, in
February, 1844, passed an act providing for the
election of delegates to a convention to prepare a
