1863..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
HOME FOR DISABLED SOT.DIEES.
Mr. WRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide a comfortable home for poor
disabled, discharged soldiers; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
GEORGE C. JOHNSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. MITCHELL, from the Committee 011 In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of George
C. Johnston and others; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House 011 the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ELIZA ADAIR.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Eliza Adair; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN M. SI. I1AWES.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Captain M. M.
Hawes, assistant quartermaster; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
ofthe Whole House on the Private Calendar, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ASSISTANT SURGEON'S OF CAVALRY.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of certain persons who
have performed the duties of assistant surgeons in
regiments of cavalry; which was read a first and
second time, referred to aCommitteeof the Whole
House 011 the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the folio wing cases; which
were laid upon the table;
Memorial of D. Green.
Memorial of Joseph Schnermann.
Resolution calling on the Secretary of War for
information in reference to volunteer regiments to
which arrears of pay are due.
Resolution 111 reference to the expediency of
allowing sutlers to trade in additional articles.
NEW MEXICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I ask Jo report back
from the Committee 011 Military Affairs House bill
No. 72, to provide for the payment of certain vol-
unteer companies 111 the service of the United States
in the war with Mexico, and in the suppression of
Indian disturbances in New Mexico.
Mr. ELIOT. That is a public bill, and I object.
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill.
J. J. GWINN, ETC.
Mr. YE AM AN moved that the Committee on
Military Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of the following petitions; which
were laid upon the table:
Petition of J. J. Gwinn; and petition of Mrs.
M. Ormsby for relief for pioperty stolen by a hos-
tile tribe of Indians.
MOUNT VERNON MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. YEAMAN, fiom the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
Mount Vernon Manufacturing Company; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order that
that bill makes an appropriation, and must have
its first consideration inaCommitteeof the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill' was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN DIXON.
Mr. YEAMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Di—or., of Ilh-
which was read a first and second time.
The bill appropriates §23,000 to compensate
John Dixon, of Illinois, for damages sustained
by reason of the failure of J. W. Belger, quarter-
master of United States volunteers, to receive one
thousand bushels of corn tendered hirg under a
contract therefor.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order that that bill makes an appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in a Committee
ofthe Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. DUNN, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration ofthe petition of one hundred and
sixteen citizens of Washington county, Mary-
land, and the same was referred to the Committee
j of Claims. CELESIIA p IIARTT.
Mr. PIICE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Celestia P.
Harlt; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed. z CAVBRM.
Mr. COX, from tlx; Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing the.
adjustment of the account of Z, B. Caverly, late
secretary of legation at Peru, for losses by ex-
change; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order that that resolution makes an appropriation,
and must have its first consideration in Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution makes no
appropriation of money.
Mr. COX. It provides only for a settlement
ofthe accounts of this gentleman.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 call for the rending
of the report.
• Mr. COX. There is no report; but I will have
read for the information of the gentleman from
New York a letter from the Auditor of the Treas-
ury in relation to the settlement of this account.
It involves only two or three hundred dollars.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Treasury Depaktmen't,
Fifth Auditor's Office. February 4, 1BG3.
Sir: In reply to your communication ofthe 3d instant,
relating to a ciaim for loss by exchange of Mr. Z. B. Cav-
erly, deceased, I would say that the aceountof Mr. J. Ran-
dolph Clay, minister to J'etu, during the time Mr. Caverly
acted as secretary of legation, was closed on the books
ofthe Treasury when his claim for loss by exchange was
presented, and foi that reason it was necessary to pass an
act ofCongrow before the allowance coukl be made. The
circumstances being the same in the case of Mr. Caverly,
it will requite a special act of Congress to secure the ad-
justment of the claim.
I am, sir, respeetfnllv,
5 ' JOHN C. UNDERWOLD,
Fifth Jludilor.
linn. J. J. Critten'den,
Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs*
I desire to move an amend-
Mr. HOLMAN.
ment.
Mr. COX. I cannot yield for any such pur-
pose. This is a lady's bill, and it is not right.
If the gentleman desires any information about
so simple a matter, I will state that the only rea-
son for this legislation is that the account was
closed, and hence the Department could not make
the just and proper allowance after Mr. Caver-
ly's decease. This resolution only follows the
precedent set in the case of Mr. J. Randolph
Clay, for whose relief a bill passed last year,
when I think the gentleman from Indiana voted
| for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, I did not.
Mr. COX. I ask that the joint resolution be
i put upon its passage.
| Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my friend will not
move the previous question on this little resolu-
tion, It is asserted that the whole amount in-
volved is only $200. I know the pertinacity with
which claims of this kind are pressed upon Con-
gress, and I know that they ultimately get
through Congress. I know that it would be for
the interest of the Government to pay this $200 ;s
tugee IIU t>! UlC Uttiui. X ".v,.v,IJ O.UH
to the bill this proviso:
Provided, however, That the amount appropriated under
tills bill shall not excegd $'200.
Mr. COX. I wish to say one word about this
case. The proposed settlement is to be made in
pursuance of existing law." The'accounting offi-
cers will allow the proper amount for exchange. .
If it should amount to $201, my friend would
parliceps crimiriis in cheating a widow lady out of
a dollar. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLO'RY. 1 suggest .to the gentleman
from Indiana that he insert in his proviso, tl>e
words " there or thereabouts." [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as I do not think
proper to make that motion myself, I hope my
friend will make it.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not mean to
press his amendment. He is only joking.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. If I correctly unfer-
stood the gentleman from Ohio, be informed the
House that this settlement is to be made' in con-
formity with existing statute. If that be so, 1
wish him to inform the House why it is that this
lady comes here as a petitioner for the passage of
this resolution.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman had paiu atten-
tion to the reading of the letter from Mr. Under-
wood, the Auditor, he would haveseen theanswer.
That was the very question that came up before
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the chair-
man of the committee wrote a letter to the Audi-
tor asking why legislation wal" necessary for this
settlement. The Auditor wrote back that the ac-
count was closed, and that it would require the
passage of a joint resolution to enable it to !}0
reopened and the legal allowance made. The
committee authorized me to report a resolution
precisely similar to that passed for the relief of
Mr. Clay under similar circumstances.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he asserts that there is any law
in force 
Mr. COX. I do not yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. Just one question.
Mr. COX. Well, I will yield to him for a
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to know to what law
the gentleman refers when he speaks of a law
authorizing the payment of this exchanger I
wish to know whether during the last six years
any bill of this kind has passed, except the one
to which he has referred—the case of Mr. Clay?
Mr. COX. There are various other cases that
I could have collected and reported it I had sup-
posed that any gentleman would have been so
technical and touchy about this small claim of..a
widow. There are various cases that might be
quoted, but I call the previous question. I believe
tne gentleman is not in earnest.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from In-
diana withdraw his amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to lay the
joint resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous quest-ion was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon IVLr. H oil-
man's amendment.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
22, noes 49; no quorum. .
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire if the morn-
ing hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. FENTON. Is it in order to move to go
into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time, the main
question having been ordered oil the joint resolu-
tlfm-   , „
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask consent of tho House
to be heard for a moment.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. BLAKE. I cannot; it is too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will modify my amendment
so as to limit the amount to $300 instead of $200.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being_ en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the iomt resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to ret-uuonUr upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the printing of cer-
tain eulogies was ordered yesterday.
