950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote with
the prevailing side ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think I did not.
_ The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has no
right to enter the motion.
, Mr. FENTON. The morning hoar having
expired, 1 desire to move to go into a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar; but,
before doing so, I wish to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that this shall be considered
" objection day."
There was no objection.
Mr. PENTON. "i now move that the House re-
solve itself intq a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. -
RICHARD CH1SNERY.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 653) for the relief of
Richard Chenery; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar, and ordered to be printed.
committee expenses.
Mr. COVODE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the Senate
resolution in regard to the payment of expenses
of the joint committee of Congress appointed to
inquire into the conduct of tlie war.
Mr. COX. Let the resolution he read.
The joint resolution (S. No. 127) was read. It
provides that any portion of the amount appro-
priated by the joint committee on the conduct of
the war that may have been or shall hereafter be
allowed by the committee to witnesses attending
before it, or to persons employed in its seiviee
for per diem, traveling, and other expenses, and
paid by the Secretary of the Senate, shall bo cred-
ited and allowed by the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. How does this subject come
before the House now ?
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks unanimous consent to have it taken
U,Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 object.
The question was taken on Mr. Penton's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
llouso resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House'ftn the Pnvntc Calendar, (Mr. Cox
in the chair.) it being considered as objection day,
by unanimous consent the following bills were
taken up and disposed ofas indicated Gclow:
benjamin t. watson.
A bill (H. R. No. 621) for the relief of Benja-
min 1'. Watson.
The bill was rend. It appropriates $475 for fill-
ing and grading Virginia avenue, between Ninth
and Tenth stieets, in square No. 385, under the
approval of the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds, in the year 1854.
Theie being.no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
3TKANCXS DAINESE.
A bill (II. R. No.G22) for the relief of Francis
Dainese.
The. hill was read. U appropriates $3,983 85,
in full settlement of his diaft of 20ih December,
185)2, for judicial services under the act approved
llth August, jy-ia.
Thf report was read. It shows that from the*
records of the State and Treasury Departments,
and the correspondence and other papers relating
to this case, published in House Executive Doc-
ument No. 82, last session Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, and appendix, as well as from other papers
before'the committee and the act alnue quoted,
the following facts are satisfactorily established,
namely; that the memorialist held the United
States consulate at Constantinople from May
13, 184D, to December 20,1852, inclusive; that,as
consul at said capital, certain judicial duties and
responsibilities devolved upon him by said act,
ami that section eighteen of the same provides a
compensation for said duti«*s ,   «{ responsibilities,
as follows: u that in consideration of the duties
herein Imposed upon the commissioner, there shall
be paid to him, out of the Treasury of the United
States annually the sum of $1,000 in addition to
his salary; ana there shall also be paid annually
to each oT said consuls, for a like reason, the sum
of $1,000 in addition to consular fees." Sec-
tion twenty-three further states that " the word
consul shall be understood to meaa any"pei'son
tested by the United States with and exercising
the consular authority in any of the five ports
in China named in the treaty, or in any port in
Turkey." Section twenty-four provides, farther,
"that all such officers shall be responsible for
their conduct to the United States and to the laws
thereof, not only as diplomatic functionaries and
commercial functionaries, but as judicial officers,"
(fee. Under the act above quoted, he, on the 20th
December, 1852, drew on the Secretary of State
for his judicial services, and that his draft, being
formally presented, payment thereof was declined
"only for the want of the necessary appropiia-
tion," as the written declaration of the then dis-
bursing agent of the Department fully shows.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
HANNIBAL GRAHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Hanni-
bal Graham.
The bill was read. It appropriates $1,248 in
full for extra services about the Cupitol between
the years 1843 and 1850.
The report was read. It shows that Graham
was a laborer employed by the Commisioner at
thirty d 'liars per month; that in December, 1843,
William Noland, Esq., the then Commissioner,
employed Graham in extra night servive as scav-
enger, which required him to employ a hoise,
cnrt,and driver,and that Noland promised extra
pay for this necessary service, and that Graham
continued in the duty constantly from that time
until March, 185G. Graham states that he pre-
sented lus claim tit the close of Noland's term, but
was informed that he was too late, as the Com-
missioner's account had been closed. Noland died
without settling the claim, and Graham from time
to time applied for pay, and was put off with as-
surances that he ought to be paid and would be
paid. It docs not appear that any specified sum
per month or year was ever agreed upon. It is in
proof that, for the same service in 1842, eighteen
dollars per month was allowed, and that subse-
3uently,and when Graham was in service,sixteen
ollars per month extra was paid for ten months
to Hazil Patteison, another laborer, for the same
k i nil of service, and that, too, when Patterson was
receiving $46 50 per month as laboier. In other
words, he received $62 50 per month, when Gra-
ham, for the same service, received only thirty
dollars per month. It is presumed, however, that
Patterson 's service was mainly during the session,
when the task was nightly, while Graham's con-
tinued through the year, and ill the recess the
extra woik was done only once in two or three
days.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
DANIEL WORMER.
A bill (C. C. No. 114) for the relief of Daniel
Wurmcr. [Objected toby Mr. Train.]
WILLIAM SAWYER AND OTHERS.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I ask Iwive to go back
and take up the hill (IL It. No. 534) for the ben-
efit of William Sawyer and others, of the State of
Ohio.
Mr. IiUTCHINS. I object to going back.
DARIUS S. COLE,
A bill (C. C. No. 115) for the relief of Darius
S. Cole. [Objected to by Mr. Blake.]
WILLIAM G. BROWN.
A bill (C. C. No. 116) for the relief of William
G. Brown. [Objected to by Mr. Blake.]
O. B. AND 0. S. LATHAM. |
A bill (C. C. No. Ill) for the relief of O. j
Oliver S. Latham*, with an amendment in the na- |
ture of :t substitute. ;
The substitute requires the Secretary of the j
Tieasury to pay to Obediah B. Latham and Oliver j
S. Latham, out of moneys heretofore appropri- j
ated and lemaimng unexpended for the erection ;
and enlargement of the custom*housQ$ at Buffalo j
and Oswego,in New York,thesumof^lOb,208 59, i
in full of their claim for moneys due them for the
erection .and enlargement of the buildings, and of
all claims of whatever nature by them for work
and materials bestowed on the building and all
matters connected therewith; provided that if there
is not a sufficient amount remaining unexpended
to pay the whole of the sum; that then the Secre-
tary is authorized and required to pay the balance
of the sum out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.-
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that the substitute be agreed to and the bill
charles f. stansbury.
A bill (H. R. No. 651) for the relief of Charles
F. Stansbury. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conk-
ijng.]
sherburne and wood.
A bill (H. R. No. 564) for the relief of Captains
John P. Sherburne and H. Clay Wood, of the
United States Army. [Objected to by Mr. Hol-
man.]
HULL AND COZZENS, ETC.
A bill (H. R. No. 680) for the relief of Hull &
Cozzens, and John Naylor & Company. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Sargent.]
JOII.N C. McFEKRAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 681) for the relief of John C.
McFerran,of the United States Army. [Objected
to by Mr. Holman.]
frederick a. holden and others.
A bill (H. R. No. 682) for the relief of Fred-
erick A. Holden and others. [Objected to by
Mr. Maynard.]
GEORGE W. JOHNSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 696) for the relief of George
W. Johnson. [Objected to by Mr. Edgerton.]
ABRAM G. SNYDER.
A bill (H. R. No. 697) for the relief of Abram
G. Snyder. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
CHARLES ANDERSON.
A bill (S. No. 427) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas.
[Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
ROBERT HAMILTON, JR.
A bill (li. R. No. 727) for the relief of Robert
Hamilton, jr. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conk-
ling.]
WILLIAM ii. BE GROOT.
Jointresolution (H.R.No. 147) requiring*the re-
adjustment of the claim of William H. De Grout.
[Objected to by Mr. Edgkuton.]
CHAPIN HALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 728) for the relief of Chapin
Hall. [Objected to by Mr. F. A. Conkling.]
ISAAC LILLY.
A bill (H. R. No. 729) for the relief of Isaac
Lilly. [Objected to by Mr. Sheffield.]
DANIEL ii. BINGHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 668) for the relief of Daniel
H. Bingham. [Objected to hy Mr. F. A. Cohe-
ring.]
JOSEPH W. DYER AND OTHERS.
An net (S. No. 338) for the relief of Joseph W.
Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and William W. Dyer.
The net appropriates to Joseph W. Dyer, An-
sel L. Dyer, and "William W. Dyer, the sum of
$549 60, being for tonnage duties wrongfully ex-
acted from the ship Corinthian by the collcotorof
the port of New Oileans in the year 1858.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING called for the reading
of the report.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. There is no written re-
port. The facts are these: this vessel sailed from
New Orleans for Grimsby, in England. It hauled
out over the bar in the evening 011 its return V05'-
agc. The crew deserted, and the captain was
compelled to enlist another crew imtunil lately with-
out a consular certificate. When he arrived at
New Orleans this forfeiture was imposed on him.
I luve the documentary and other evidence in my
hand.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
