1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 5, 18G2.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, of Michigan, ap-
peared in his seat.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following message from the President
of the United States :
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
On the 3d of November, 1861, a collision took place off
the coast of Cuba, between the United States war steamer
San Jaclnio and the Fiench briff Jules et Mane, resulting
in senourf damage to the latter. The obligation ol tint. Gov-
ernment to make amends therefor could not be questioned
if the injury resulted from any fauit on the part of the San
Jacinto. With a view to ascertain this, ttie subject was
referred to a committee of United States $nd French naval
officers at New Yoik, with a naval officer of Italy as an ar-
biter. The conclusion airived at was that the collision was
occasioned by the failuie of the San Jacinto seasonably to
leverse her engine. Itthen became necessary to ascertain
the amount ol indemnification due to the injured party.
The United States consul general at Havana was conse-
quently instructed to confer with the consul of Franco on
this point, and they have determined that the sum of $9,500
is an equitable allowance under the circumstances.
I recommend an appiopriation of this sum for the benefit
of the owners of the Jules et Marie.
A copy of the letter ot Mr. Seliufeldt, the consul general
of the United States at Havana, to the Secretary of State
on the subject- is herewith submitted.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN".
Washington, December 3, lb62.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. ,
The motion was agreed to.
FINANCE REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
law, a statement of the finances, embracing- esti-
mates of receipts and disbursements, and plans of
revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it neces-
sary that the report should be read, unless some
Senator desires it. 1 move that it be referred to
the Committee on Finance, and printed.
The motion was agreed to,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES. IpresentthememorialofCom-
mander John C. Carter, of the United States Navy,
who represents that, while actively and efficiently
performing the duties of his position as com-
mander of the United States steamer Michigan,
on the lakes, he was informed that the advisory ;
board, appointed under an act of the last session
of Congress, had failed to recommend lum for .
promotion. The memorialist indulges in various ]
criticisms upon the action of that board, which it j
is unnecessary for me to state to the Senate. I j
move that it be referred to the Committee on Na- 1
val Affairs. I
It was so referred. I
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of E. B. j
Boutwell, praying indemnification for the loss of j
property by the action of the confederate govern- I
ment; which was relcired to the Committee on j
Claims. i
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of Lieu- '
tenant Egbert Thompson, of the United States j
Navy, protesting against the action of the late ad- J
visory board, and praying for relief therefrom; '
which was referred to the Committee on Naval ;
Affairs. 1
Mr. WRIGHT presented four petitions of cit- '
izens of Franklin and Ripley counties, in the State
of Indiana, praying for the establishment of a ■<
daily mail route from Biookvilleto Sanmanville, '
in that State, and the establishment of post offices
on that route; which were refcirud to the Com- |
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ;
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. ;
On motion of Mr. McDOUGALL, it was j
Ordered, That the petition and papers ot Ileury Roy de
la Reinme, on the tiles of tiie Senate, be icieired to" the
Cunmmt'je on Claim's. i
MESSAGE 1'llOJI THE HOUSE. j
A message from the House of Representatives, !
by Mr. Etheridgf., its Clerk, announced that the 1
House had passed a bill (No. 5tfl) concerning i
judgments in certain suits brought by the United !
States; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, the bill (S. No.
205) to authorize the survey of a route for tele-
graphic communication between the city of San
Francisco, in the State of California, and the
Amoor river, in eastern Asia, reported at the last
session by the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia, was taken from the table, read a sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
INDIAN BARBARITIES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved. That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to furnish the Senate with
all the mlunnation in his possession touching the late In-
dian haiharities in the State of Minnesota; and also the evi-
dence in his possession upon which some of the principal
actors and headmen were tried and condemned to death.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILKINSON. I shall detain the Senate
a very few minutes while I say a few words in
regard to the information which is sought to be
obtained by this lesolution.
In the eastern States there appears to be a gen-
eral sympathy expressed on behalf of the Indians
who have recently committed barbarities in Min-
nesota, some of whom have been condemned to
death. Committees have visited the President of
the United States, and requested him to extend to
these convicted Indians his executive clemency,
and I fear that they have so wrought upon the
President as to shake his purposes and to render
him doubtful as to what he ought to do. Those who
sympathize with these Indians seem to place their
sympathy upon the ground that they occupy the
relation of prisoners of war, and that being sav-
ages they should be treated with greater mercy
even than white prisoners. This is an entire mis-
take. There was no war in Minnesota; there were
no armies there when this outbreak took place;
there were no white soldiers there to enter into a
conflict of arms with the Indians. But suddenly,
without any pretext, without any cause, without
any appaient motive, they rose up almost simul-
taneously along our whole frontier line, for one
hundred and fifty miles in extent. They divided
themselves into bands of ten and fifteen, and trav-
eled from one isolated farm-house to another; they
went to threshingmachines and murdered four or
fiveswhite men who were engaged in threshing
wheat; they went to wheat stacks, where farmers
and their sons were quietly engaged in stacking
Wheat, and murdered them there; they then went,
from the murdered bodies of the men, into the
houses where the women and children were; they
murdered the little children, and they took the mo-
thers and their daughters into captivity. In this
way they murdered more than one thousand of our i
men and little children, and they took ninety wo-
men and young girls into captivity—a captivity
much worse than the death which they inflicted
upon the men.
I wish to state a few facts—and I will do so as
delicately as I can, for it is a very delicate ques-
tion—winch I am satisfied are unknown to the
people who want the President to release these
Indians. I want the people of the eastern country
to know what are the barbarities which have been
Committed, and what we have suffered in Mm- <
nesota. !
I have already said the Indians took into cap- j
tivity about ninety women, some of whom were
mothers, and others their daughters. In one case, I
ten Indians went to the house of a farmer. His I
house was isolated, being some two miles from ;
that of his nearest neighbor. The father and his '
two sons wvre engaged in stacking wheat. They '
killed the father and the two sons at the wheat ;
stack: I hey went into the house, murdered two
little children, and took the mother, who was very ;
feeble with the consumption, and a little daughter ;
into captivity. They took these women some '
eight or ten miles to their lodges, and the next !
morning took the little girl, who was only thir- :
teen years of age, out uf the lodge where her '
mother lay, took her clothes from her person, ■
pinioned her arms, laid her upon the ground,and !
ten or twelve of them violated her person^ until
she died within ten feet of her sick mother! I
understand the Quakers of Pennsylvania .wish,to
have these men pardoned 1 t ' "
At another time they captured a young girl,
whom I knew very well. She was educated here,
in Georgetown, and was but eighteen years of
age. She had come from the State of Ohio to visit
her uncle in Minnesota, and she was captured
from "a wagon driving over the country; they
treated her precisely as they treated the little girl
who was killed; but she survived to identify be-
fore the court the Indians who had violated her
person.
There are a number of other instances winch I
might relate, but it is unnecessary. Such is the
character of the outrages which these Indians have
committed. Judge Flandreau, one of the judges
of the supreme court of our State, who had been
a Sioux agent, raised a company of men and
started to the piotection of the settlers on the fron-
tier. He told me that no language could describe
the brutality of these Indians. As an instance, in
going along the road he saw some straw lying on
the prairie; when he reached it, he found that
there were some trunks which had been broken
open and two dead bodies on the ground—the
bodies of a man and a woman. They had been
taken from a wagon as they were driving over the
country. The head of the man was cut off, and
his limbs were horribly mutilated with knives.
The body of the woman was more fearfully mu-
tilated than that of the man: her breasts were cut
off, her limbs were gashed, and she was com-
pletely ripped open with a knife.
A military court for .the trial of these Indians
was held under the direction of our late Governor
Sibley, who is known to many Senators as a very
moderate, conservative man. I think Governor
Sibley did not go far enough. He ought to have
killed every one of the Indians as he came to them;
but he did not; he established a court, and they
were tried. He had been an old trader among
them f<5r more than twenty years. They were
tried and condemned under his supervision. He
captured fifteen hundred Indians, and retooksome
of their prisoners, and they-were there to testify
in the military court before whom the Indians
were tried. The result will be this: either the In-
dians must be punished according to law, or they
will be murdered without law. The people of
Minnesota will never consent that they shall be
turned loose in their midst. They have always
been a law-abiding, law-loving, law-respecting
people. I want the people of my State to be so
still; but, sir, I tremble at the result; I dread the
consequences in that State of turning these mur-
derers, these violators of our women, loose among
our people. The matter is in the hands of the
President of the United States, and it is for him
to say whether our people shall be protected under
the foims of law, or whether they must without
law protect themselves. Our people sustain the
Government, and they ask but to be protected by
it. If this Government will not protect them, they
will protect themselves. It is human nature,and
I could not stop it if I wished to do so. Thereare
no people m the United States who would submit
to such a severe affliction without avenging them-
selves by force and violence, if it could not be done
otherwise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
ARMY OF TIIE POTOMAC.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to take up for con-
sideration the resolution I offered yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretajy of War be instructed to
communicate to the Sen ue, ii not incompatible with the
pubhc &e  vice, nil eon e-poudenee, telegrams, letters, and
ifpoit^ concerning the military operation* ot the army of
the Po'omae ^ntce it* withdrawal fioui Harrisonland-
uur, and all eone-pondence, letters, telegrams:, and reports
lefannu to the ^uueuikr ot Harper's Feiry, ar.d the testi-
mony taken hefoic the committee of investigation upon
such sutrender.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio whether it would not be expedient to make
the call a little broader, so as to cover the whole
movements of the army of the Potomac from the
time it left Washington.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thn Secretary of War has
