14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
informed us in his annual report that, under a
previous call of the Senate, that will be commu-
nicated, and therefore I do not wish to duplicate
the information.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is the case I shall not
press my suggestion.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg to inquire of the Senator
from Ohio to what " committee of investigation"
he alludes? Does he mean the court of inquiry
that sat by order of the Secretary of War to in-
vestigate the transactions growing out of the sur-
render of Harper's Ferry? If so, it is not properly
designated. It was not a " committee of investi-
gation, "but a" court of inquiry, "which is a tech-
nical term.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator thinks the
description is not correct, I ask to have the proper
words—" court of inquiry"—inserted. I thought
it was a mere committee.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the Senator from Ohio to modify his own
resolution, and it wHl be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 402) to repeal the proviso of the first
section of the act approved July 5, 1862; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLLAMER. The title of the act to be
repealed should be recited.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is re-
cited in the body of the bill. It may, however,
be necessary to insert it in the title of this bill also.
This is simply a bill to repeal the law limiting the
numberof major and brigadier generals. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
It was so referred.
AIR-LINE RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved> That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to eonsidei the expediency ot ptoviding
foranair-Iine railroad between Washington ami New Yoik,
vvhloh shall carry the mails of the- Uimed States with cer-
tainty and dispatch, and shall be free from all local impedi-
ments.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
'Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who were instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law that all appoint-
ments in the volunteer naval service should be
submitted to the Senate for confirmation, reported
a bill (S. No. 403) relating to appointments in the
naval service; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. HALE. Asthin isaprettyimportantbill,
and relates to the necessities of the soi vice, I give
notice that I shall at a very early day endeavor
to call it up for action.
TAX ON POWERS OP ATTORNEr.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much of the
act to provide internal revenue a? imposes a tax on poweis
of attorney for tho collection of pensions, back pay, and
bounty for soldiers.
ARRESTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the resolution of i
inquiry which I offered on Tuesday last, concern-
ing the Kentucky prisoners, be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pru tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky calls up for consideration the fol-
lowing resolution, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Rcsolve/l, That the President he requested to inform the
Senate the number and the name1* of citizens of Kentucky
who have been, and who are nowconhned in the mihtaty
prisons and camps of the United State-!, outside the hunts,
of said State; what aie the charges against them, by whom
made, and by whose oider the urieats were made."
Mr. CLARK. As the resolution does not con-
tain the words, " if not incompatible with the pub-
lic service," i move that they be inserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to amend the reso- !
Union by inserting the words, "if not incompat- "
ible with the public service," in the appropriate
place. Does the Senator from Kentucky, the
mover of the resolution, assent to that modifica-
tion ?
Mr. POWELL. .1 prefer that those words
should not be inserted, but really I think it makes
no difference. All I want is the information.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
PROPOSED TREATY WITH INDIANS.
Mr. HARDING submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing a
'treaty to be negotiated with the Indians of southern Ore-
gon and northern California, known as the Klamath and
Madacko tribes; and report by bill or otherwise.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY,
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Orderedi That when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 5, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LAWS OF NEVADA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House copies of the laws of the Terri-
tory of Nevada; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
PRINTING OP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the President's
message and foreign correspondence be published in one
volume; that ten thousand copies of the President's mes-
sage, and the icports of the Secretaries of the vaiious De-
paitments propei, be published in a separate volume; and
that five thousand copies of the message and accompanying
documents be printed.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY,the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
James Hooton, of Preston county, Virginia; and
the same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
The call of committees having been completed,
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
and Territories for resolutions and bills on leave,
beginning, where the call was suspended yester-
day, with the State of Pennsylvania.
SUSPENSION OF THE WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS.
Air. STEVENS. I desire to introduce a bill,
of which 1 gave notice last session, for the pur-
pose of having it printed, and postponed for a
couple of weeks.
The title of the bill was read, as follows: A bill
to indemnify the President and other persons for
suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, and acts done in pursuance thereof.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The question then is,44 Shall
the bill be received?"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. On that I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill was read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the Chair
state the form of the question, •* Shall the bill be
rejected ?"
The SPEAKER. The question is on leave to
introduce the bill,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do not the rules
prescribe the other form of question ?
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been re-
ceived. The question is on leave. The rule to
which the gentleman refers is in relation to the
second reading of bills.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then in what form
does the question come up ?
The SPEAKER. Shall leave be granted to
introduce the bill?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does not that
require a suspension of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. On the call of States for res-
olutions, bills may be introduced if the House
grant leave.
Mr. MALLORY. Do not the rules require that
notice shall be given of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 115th
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 115. Every bill shall be introduced on the report of a
committee, or by motion for leave. In the iatter case, at
least one day's notice shall be given of the motion in the
House, or by filing a memorandum thereof with the Clerk,
and having it entei ed on the Journal; and the motion shall
be made, and the bill introduced, if leave is given when
resolutions are called for; such motion or the bill when
introduced may be committed."
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
notice has been given of this bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the read-
ing of the notice.
The SPEAKER. It will be necessary to send
for a copy of the Journal of last session.
Mr. STEVENS. As it does not seem to be
convenient to the gentleman, I will postpone in-
troducing the bill until the Journal is here.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should be glad
to have a full House, at all events, when the vote
is taken.
The SPEAKER. No debate isinorderatthis
time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the read-
ing of the notice to see if the bill conforms to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that*
right. The notice will be read.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is any difficulty about
it, I withdraw the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdraws
the bill, ashe has a right to do.
DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. FENTON introduced the following reso-
lution, and moved the previous question upon its
adoption:
Whereas the numbers of sick and wounded soldiers in the
several hospitals have increased to an alarming extent, there
being now somewhat over sixty thousand sufferers in them,
many of whom will naver again be able for active service,
and many others would regain their health much sooner at
their homes ; and whereas the present slow method of fur-
lough and discharge seems entiiely inadequate to meet the
exigencies of the ca^e: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire whether some method or regulation may
not be adopted, with the appioval of the Secretaiy ot War
and the Surgeon General, whereby those cases worthy ot
discharge or furlough may be more speedily and promptly
attended to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
resolution was adopted.
MATERIALS USED IN MANUFACTURES.
Mr. SHEFFIELD introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and is hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency or
deducting the taxes paid under the piovisions of the inter-
nal revenue act on materials entering into manufactures
tioin the taxes assessed on manufactured articles, to the
end that the materials may not be twice taxed, with liberty
to leport by bill or otherwise.
SUPPRESSION OF THE REBELLION.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That at no time bince the commencement of
the existing rebellion, have the forces and matcijal* in the
hands of the executive department of the Government been
so ample and abundant for the speedy and triumphant teim-
ination of the war as at the pre«ent"m<>ment; and it h the
duty of all loval American citizens, regai dle^s of minor dif-
ferences of opinion, and especially the duty of evcrv officer
and soldier in the field, ai well as'the duty of every depart-
ment of the Government - the legislative branch ii/eluded—
as a unit, to cordially and unitedly *>ti ilce down the assas-
sins, at once and forever, who have conspired to destroy
our Com-tuution, our nationality, and that pro^peuty and
freedom of which we are justly proud at home and abroad,
and which we stand pledged to perpetuate forever.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
mam question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas mid nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I move to postpone the resolution
