1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sidered to be in the military or naval forces ofthe !
United States or in the militia in the actual ser-
vice of the United States, as the case may be.
The question will naturally arise whether a con-
tractor who enters into an agreement with the
Government to furnish to the Government military
or naval supplies, is brought by virtue of hisem-
ployment within that clause of the Constitution
which declares that in cases arising in the land or
naval forces, the offender may be punished oilier-
wise than by indictment. 1 call the attention of
Senators to the language of thatciause,for 1 fore-
see that objection will be raised:
" No person shall beheld to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime, unless oil a presentment or indict-
ment ot ;i giand jmy, except in caress arising in the land or
naval foiees, ot in the m'lma when in actual service in
lime of war oi public danger."
The question arises, what is a 44 case arising in
the land or naval forccs of the United Statesr"
There is not any doubt that a soldier or officer
who has enlisted m the service of the United States
is or may be made subject to martial law. Why
is he rmide subject to martini law? Because,being
in the seivice of the United States, the act com-
mitted by him is a case arising in that service.
The duties of a soldier or officer are easily under-
stood. They are such acts as are military in their
character and connected with the military service
of the United States. Their employment is for
the purpose of doing military duty, toaid the Gov-
ernment in making its military operations effect-
ual. An officer or soldier enters the Army under
contract, under an agreement to render this ser-
vice; and how, I beg to inquire, does the case of
a contractor who engages to furnish arms, equip-
ments, or munitions of war to the United States
for the same purpose, differ from the case of an
officer or soldier who is simply to bear arms and
use the materia ^which the contractor is to fur-
nish ? is not the employment of a contractor to
furnish arms, &c., just as necessary to the suc-
cessful prosecution of a war; in other words, to
the successful use and employment of an army, as
the employment of a soldier or an officer? For
myself, I can see no distinction; for it is entirely
clear that without the employment of contractors
for the purpose of procuring them, the Army itself
would be totally worthless and useless. The sup-
plies are as necessary to the Army, for giving
efficiency to the Army, as the very guns, bayo-
nets, and cannon which the so'idiei s and officersare
to use. It strikes me, therefore, that the case of
a contractor employed for these puiposes is as
plainly within the category as the case of a sol-
dier or officer; and that there is as much need of
applying the stringency of the military jurisdic-
tion in the case of contiactoi s and their agents aa
in the case of soldiers or officers.
Mr. President, there are a few amendments
which 1 propose to submit to the Senate before
going further with the bill, in order to make its
provisions harmonize and to correct its phraseol-
ogy in some points. In line lifty-four, in the first
section of the substitute, 1 move to strike out the
wotds "or shall have received any voucher," and
to insert the word ''a" before "certificate" in that
line. As the clause now stands, it would seem to
have an tx post facto operation, and that, as a mat-
ter of course, cannot be permitted in a criminal
proceeding under the Constitution.
The amend menf to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In order to give the clause
precision, I move, in line fifty-eight, after the word
u propei ly." to insert "so used or to be used."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In lines five and six, of sec-
tion two, I move to strike out the words " in the
same force oi said servi'-e," which are entirely
supojfluous and tautological.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, in line two, of section three,
after the word ''called," I move to insert "or here-
after to be called."
The amend nient to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In the same section, after the
woid "contiactor," in line five, I move to insert
the words "or agent."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In lines one and two of sec-
tion three, 1 move to stuke out the words " now
oi;" so as to read, " that any person heretofore
called or hereafter to be called."
Ti^e amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In section four, which de-
clares the amount that any civilian shall forfeit for
committing any of the acts mentioned in section
one, 1 move to fill the blank in the seventh line
with the word "two;" so as to read "$2,000."
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to fill the first blank
in section five by inserting the word "circuit;"
and after the word " Columbia," in the third line,
by inserting "or any court therein to be estab-
lished, having general jurisdiction in civil cases,"
and to fill the second blank with the word " dis-
trict;" so as to make the section read:
That the several district courts of the United States, the
circuit court of the District of Columbia, or any court
therein to be established having geneial jurisdiction m civil
cases, the several district couits of the Temtories, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In line six of section five, I
move to strike out the word "whensoever" and
insert "wheresoever." This is to correct a mere
typographical error.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be uo objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. HOWARD. In line six of section six, the
word u Territory" should be " Territories.M
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. In line ten of sedtion six, the
blank should be filled with the word "two;" so as
to read " §2,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The blank will be
so filled if theie be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
The amendment, as thus amended, is to strike
outallof the original bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert:
Any person in the land or naval forccs of the United
States or in the militia in actual service of the United
States in time of war, who shall make or cause to be made,
ot present or cause to bo presented Jor payment or approval
to or by any person oi officer in the civil or military .service
of the United States any claim upon or agauet the Gov-
ernment of the United States,or any Depart mentor officer
thereof, knowing such claim to be false, fictitious, or fiaud-
ulent; any peison in such force*? or seivice who .shall, lor
the purpose of obtaining, or aiding in obtaining, the ap-
proval or payment o( -mch claim, make, use, or cause to be
made or used, any false lull, receipt, voucher, entry, toll,
account, claim, statement, ceitificatc, affidavit, oi deposi-
tion. knowing the same to contain any false oi fi.iudulent
statement or entrj ; any poe-on m said forces or service
who shall make or pioeure to be made, or knowingly advise
the making of atiy false oath to any fact, statement, or cer-
tificate, vouchei, or entiy, foi the purpose of obtaining, or
of aiding to obtain, any app.oval or payment of any claim
against the United States or any Department or officer
theieot; and any person in satd foiees oi seivice who, for
the puipo^c of obtaining or enabling any other person to
obtain from the Government of the United State, or any
Department or officer thereof, any payment or allowance, or
the appioval or signatuie of any person m the military,
naval, or civil service of the United States, ot or to any
false, fraudulent, or fictitious claim, shall foige or counter-
feit, or cause or procure to tie forged oi counterfeited, any
signaUite upon anv bill, receipt, voucher, account, claim,
toil, statement, affidavit, or deposition; and any person in
b.ud forces or seivice who «hnll utter or use the same as
tiue oi genuine, knowing the tame to have been fotged or
eonntei feited ; any person m said forces or seivice who
shall enter into any agreement, combination, or conspiracy
to eneat or defiaud the Government of the United State*,
or any Depatuncut or officer thereof, by obtaining, or aid-
ing and Assisting to obtain, the pavment or allowance of
any false or fiaudulent claim ; any person in said foices or
seivice <\ho shall steal, embezzle, oi knowingly and will-
fully nn-npp'-opilate or apply to his own use or benefit, or
who shall wrongfully and knowingly sell, convey, oi dis-
pose of any ordnance, arms, ammunition, clothing, subsist-
ence store.-, money, or othej pioperty of the United States,
fui nished oi to be used lot the military or naval set vice of the
United States; any contractor, agent, paymaster, tjuarter-
master, or other person whatsoever m sud* toiees or sei vice
having charge, possesion, custody, or control ot any monej
or other public piopcru, used oi to be used m the mihtaty or
naval seivice of the United States, who shall, with intent
to defraud the United States, or williull} to conceal such
money or other piopejtv, ddiver or eau-e to be delivered
to any other peison having authority to receive the same,
any amount of such money or other public property less
than that for which he shall receive a ceitificate or receipt ;
any person in said torees or service who is or shall be a 
thorized to make or deliver any certificate, voucher, or re-
ceipt, or other paper ceiuh nig the receipt of arms, ammu-
nition, provisions, clothing, or other public propei ty, so
Used or to bo used, who eh,ill make oi deliver the same to
any person without having lull knowledge of the truth of
the facts stated therein, and with mt<vnt to cheat, defraud,
or injure tiie United State*; any person in said foiees or
service who shall knowingly purchase or receive m pledge
for any obligation oi indebtedness, from any soldier, officer,
or other per. on called into or employed in said forces or
service, any amis, equipments, ammunition^ clothes, or
military stores, or other public property, such soldiei. offi-
eer, or other person not having tfie lawful right to pledge
or sell the same, shall be deemed guilty of a criminal of-
fense, and shall be subject to the rules and regulation* made
for the government of the military and naval forces of the
United States, and of the militia when called into and em-
ployed in the actual service of the United Statesin time
of war, and to the provisions of this act. And every per-
son so offending may be anested and held for trial by a
couit-martiiil, and if found guilty shall 1>6 punished by fine
and imprisonment, or such other punishment as the court-
marual may adjudge, save the punishment of death.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person who
shall contract to furnish ships, vessels, steamers, boats, or
other water-craft, ordnance, arms, ammunition, munitions
of war, clothing, subsistence, or military or naval supplies
of any kind whatsoever; and every person whoshall, either
as principal or agent,make,authenticate,ceitify,pass,ap-
prove, or present tor approval or for pa\ meat to any officer
of the United States any bill, receipt,voucher, cntiy, roll,
account, claim, statement, certificate, affidavit, or deposi-
tion,or power of attorney, for the purpoaeof obtaining pay-
ment upon such contract; and any peison who shall pro-
cuie, or aid in procuring, payment from the Government
of the United States, or any Department or officer thereof,
of any money or chum whatsoever for such ships, vessels,
steameis, boats, or other water craft, ordnance, arms, am-
munition. munitions of war, clothing, subsistence, or mil-
itaiy supplies of any kind, shall be duemed and considered
as in the milituiy or naval forces of the United States, or
m the militia in the actual service of the United States, as
the case may be, and shall be subject to the said rules and
regulations. And if such per.-on shall be found guilty by a
court-martial of having violated any of the foregoing pro-
visions of this act, he shall be punished by line and impris-
onment, or such punishment as the court-martial shall ad-
judge, save the punishment ot deotlf.
Sec. 3. And he itfmlkcr cnactcd, That any person here-
tofore called oi hereafter to be called into or employed in
such foiees or seivice, who shall have committed any vio-
lation of this act and shall nftei wauls receive his discharge
or be dismissed from the seivice. or cease to be a contractor
or agent, as afoiesaid, shall, notwithstanding Mich dts-
chaige dismissal, or ceasiugto be a contractor,continue to
he liable to be air'c^ted and held for trial and sentence bya
couit-inaiiial. in the same manner and to the same extent
as if lie had notteeeived such discliaige or been dismissed
oi ceased to be a contractor.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacta/, That any person not in
the military oi naval mice" o> the United States, nor in the
militia called into oi aciually employed in the service of the
United States, and not such contiaetor, who shall do or
commit any of the acts piolubited by any of the foregoing
piovisioiis of this act, shall torteit and pay to the United
States the sum of;$2,0l)0, and, in addition,double the amount
of damages winch the United States may have sustained by
reason of the doing or committing r ueh act, together with
tne costs of sun; and such ibrfeituie and damages shall be
sued lor in the same suit.
See. 5. And be it fmther enacted, That the sevetal dis-
trict courts of the United States, the encuil court of the
District of Columbia, or any eouit therein to bo estab-
lished having general jurisdiction in civil cases, the several
district couits of the Tei utoi icr, ot the United States within
whose jurisdictional limits the person doing or committing
sueh act shall be tound, shall, wheresoever such act may
have been done or committed, have tall power and juris-
diction to hear, try, and deteiinme such suit. Such suit
may be bionghtand carried on by any person, as well lor
himself us lot the United States ;*the '-nine shall be at the
sole cost and charge of such person, and shall be in the name
ol'tiie United States, hut shall not be withdrawn or discon-
tinued without the consent, in writing, ot the judge of the
couit and the di-uiet attorney, fjist hied in the case, set-
ting forth their reasons for such consent.
Sec. 6. And he it furthci cnactcd, That it shall be the duty
of the seveial district attorneys of the United States lorthe
respective districts, for the Distnet of Columbia, and for
the seveial Terriioiies, to be diligent in inquiring into any
violation of the provisions of tins act by persons liable to
such suit, am! found within their respective districts or
Tet i itoriHs}and to cause him or hci to be proceeded against
in due fonn of law lor the recovery of such forfeituie and
damages; and such person may be anested and held to bail
in such sum as the dtstiict judge may oider.not exceeding
the said sum of $2,000, and twice the amount of the dam-
1 agesswoin to in the affidavit of the peison bunging the suit.
1 Sec. 7. Jlnd he it fmther cnactcd. That the person bring-
| in? said suit and piosecuting it to final judgment shall be
; entitled to receive one half the amount of such lori'eiture,
| as well as one half the amount ol the damages he shall re-
! cover and colli ct,and theothei halt tiicreof shall belong to,
| and he paid over to, the United States ; and sneh person
shall be entitled to receive to his own use all costs the
eouit mayawaid agam.-t the defendant, to be allowed and
taxed according to any piovision ol law or rule of court in
foice, or that shall be in (oiec in suits between private par-
ties in said court: Provided, Tnat sueh person shall be ha-
[[ ble for all costs mcuned by himself'in the case, and shall
| have no claim theiefoi on the United States.
See. S. Jlnd be it fanther enacted, That every sueh suit
j shall be commenced' within three veais iioni the doing or
committing the act, and not aftetuanls.
Sec. 9. Jlnd he it further enacted. That all acts and parts
I [ of acts inconsistent with or repugnant to any of the provis-
;! ions of this act are herein repealed, saving, however, mid
', excepting any and all suits or piosecutions now commenced
pending, and all i ights of suit or pioseeutiou under any prior
d act of Congress, on account of the doing or committing of
;. any act nerehy piohibited ; and ail rights and eiaim> winch
, the United States, or any person oi persons, now have,
f giowing out of such prior act; all winch pending suits and
j prosecutions shall proceed and be deteimined, and all which
j i ights and claims- shall remain and be as valid ami effectual
. a* if this present act had not been pas-ed ; noi shall this act
• be so constiued as hi any way to impair or allect the oblf-
gation, duty, or liability of any person who now is or shall
, heieatter become the surety of any peison contracting with
j, the United States, or any officer or agentthereoi; but every
1: such teuretv shall he liable and answerable for the default of
;i his principal in the same manner as if this act had not been
[| passed, saw io extent to winch his principal has per-
«• formed the ev >)Dao;. or, if damages have been so recovered,
