1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
till Tuesday week, when the other resolutions on
the same subject come up.
The SPEAKER. As the previous question is
pending, the motion to postpone is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt, Baily,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Blake, V^lliam G.
Brown, Buffinton, Chamberlain, Clark, Clements, Cobb,
Colfax, Fiedenck A. Coukling. Ruscoe Coukling, Corning,
Cox, Ciavens, Cutler, Davi«, Dawps, Delano, Ducll, Dun-
lap, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes-
senden, Thomas A. D. Fe^enden, Fisher, Fram-hot,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurlcy, Hale,
Hall, Harrison, Hickman, Holman, Hooper, Iiorton. Hutch-
ins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Leary, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McPhei&on, Maynard,
jvlitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Nu-
gen, Odell, Olin, Patton, #erry, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter,
Price, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward IL Rollins, Saigent,
Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Smith,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tram,
Tiowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyek,
Walker, Wallace, Whaley, Wilson, VVindom, Woodruff,
Worcester, and Wright—105.
NAY—Mr. William J. Allen—1.
So the resolution was adopted.
PUBLIC SQUARES IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill relating to the validity of deeds of
public squares or lots in the city of Washington;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
t Mr. HICKMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thorized to employ a cleik during the present session of
Congress, at the usual rate of compensation for the time
actually employed.
CAUSES OP INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. MAYNARD offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs are di-
rected to inquire into the causes of the recent outbreak
among the Indian tribes of the Northwest; whether any
emissaries have interfeied to produce dsatisfaction and ifl
feeling among them, either from any part of ourdwn coun-
try or from abroad; whether the Government or any of its
agents have violated or failed to obseive any treaty stipu-
lations with them; and whether any encroachmcrits have
been made on their lands, or their property has been de-
spoiled, or any ot their people injuted by the settlers or
others ; with power to send for prisons and papers, ah well
Indians as citizens, and have leave to rppou at any time.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. COLFAX offered the folio wing resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible witli the public interests, to communicate to this
House any Jetteis of the Mexican mmisterat Watdiington,
or other correspondence or information in possession of the
Government, relative to the present condition of affairs in
Mexico.
OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to offer,
on Tuesday week, sundry resolutions as amend-
ments to those proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I would be glad
to have them read, printed, and postponed.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
1. Resolved. That the Union as it was must be restored
and maintained one and indivisible forevei under the Con-
stitution as it is—the fifth article, pi oviding for amendments,
included.
2. Resolved, That if any person in the civil or military
service of the United States shall propose terms of peace,
or accept or advise the acceptance of any such terms, on
any other basis than the integrity and entirety of the Fed-
eral Union, and of the seveial States composing the same,
and the Territories ot the Union, as at the beginning of tiie
civil war, he will be guilty of a high crime.
3. Resolved, That this Government can never permit the
intervention of any foreign nation in iegard to the present
civil war.
4. Resolved, That the unhappy civil war in which we are
engaged was waged in the beginning, professedly, not in
any spirit of oppression or for any puipose of conquest or
subjugation, or purpose of ovcithiowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions of those States, but to
defend and maintain thesupremaey of the Constitution and
to pieservc the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired, and was so under-
stood and accepted bv the people, and especiallv by the
Aimy and Navy ot the" United States ; and that, therefore,
whoever shall perveit, or attempt to perveit, the same to a
war of conquest and subjugation, or for the overthrowing
or interfering with the rights or established institutions of
any of the States, and to abolish slavery therein, or for the
purpose of destioying or impairing tiie dignity, equality, or
rights of anyof the States, will beguiltyot atiagruntbreach
of public faith and ot a high crime against the Constitution
rtna the Union.
5. Resolved, That whoever shall propose by Federal au-
thority to extinguish any of the States of this Union, or to
declare any of them extinguished, and to establish ternto-
rial governments within the same, will be guilty of a high
crime against the Constitution and the Union.
6. Resolved, That whoever shall affirm that it is compe-
tent for this House or any other authority to establish a
dictatorship in the United" States, thcieby superseding or
suspending the constitutional authorities of the Union, and
t-hall proceed to make any move toward thedeclaring of a
dictator, will be guilty of a high crime against the Consti-
tution and the Union and public liberty.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the introduction
of these resolutions. All that is good in them is
contained in the resolutions offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do I understand
the gentleman from Illinois to object?
The SPEAKER. He does object.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. WeU,lethimdoso.
The resolutions were withdrawn.
REPORT OE THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN WAR IN OREGON.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, introduced
a bill granting bounty land for service in the war
against the Indian tribes in Oregon and Wash-
ington in the years 1855 and 1856; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
BUREAU OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. HOLMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Agriculture be di-
rected to inform this House how many clerks and other
employes have been employed by him 'in his Department
since his appointment, for what length of time employes
were employed, the salary paid to each, and the apppropn-
ation out of which such payment has been made; also, in
what manner the $60,000 last appropriated for the puichase
of seeds, cuttings, Sic., has been expended.
SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
Mr. NOBLE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, andagreed to :
Whereas, many soldiers of the volunteer forces of the
Government are now, and have for many months been
confined in Camp Convalescent unable for duty, and are
entirely without money or means to procure such neces-
saries as would add to "their comfort, they not having been
paid their monthly dues fiom the Government, in many in-
stances.toi a penod of from three to nine months: Therefoie,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and they are heieby, requested to inquire what legislation,
if any, is necessaiy to enable such soldiers, &o confined and
separated from their respective regiments, to receive and
be paid their regular monthly dues, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
EXPLANATORY RESOLUTION.
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution,
on which he called for the previous question :
Resolved, That the word " assassins," used in the reso-
lution this day offered by the member from Vermont. [Mr.
Morrill,] is intended by thi«? House to include all 'men,
whether ftom the North or the South, who have been instru-
mental m producing the piesent war, and especially lho>e
m and out of Congress who have been guilty of flagrant
breaches of the Constitution, and who are not in favor of
the establishment of the Union as it was and the Consti-
tution as it is.
Mr. HUTCHINS moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Hutchins's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 85, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, A'-hley, Babbitt, Baily,
Raker, Baxtoi, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob J}. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Buflinton, Chamberlain, Claik, Colfax,
Fredenek A. Conk! tug, Roscoe Conkling, Con way, Covode,
Cutler, Davis, Dawos-, Duoll, Dunn, £"clgerfon, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Samuel C. Fex-enden, Thomas A. D. Fe^enden,
Fisher,'Fianchot, Frank, Goodwin, Hale, Iianison, liick-
man, IIoopci, Iiorton, Ilutclnns, Julian. Kelley. Leary,
lioomis, Lovejoy, Low, WcPliersori, Maynaid, Mitchell,
Mooihead. Justin S. Monill, Olm, Patton. Pike, Pomeiov,
Porter, Pottci. John II. Rice, Kiddle, Edwaid II Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, S^imr, Shank®, Snefiield. Shollabar-
ger. Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tiam, Trowbridge,
Van Iloin, Van Valkenbuigh, Y.m Wyck. Walker, Wal-
lace. Washhmne, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—S.j.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Aneona, William G.
Brown, Clements, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Dunlap, English,
Granger, Grider, Hall, Harding. Holman, Johnson. Lazear,
Malloij'j'Menzies, Noble. Noi ton. Nugen, Pendleton, Perry,
Puce, Richardson, Robinson. Slue). Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, St'l^s, Valiandigham, \ ibbuid. Yoor-
hees, Ward, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wood-
ruff, Wright, and Yeaman—4L -
So the resolution was laid-upon the table*
OBJECTS OF THE WAR-—AGAIN.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
again offer the resolutions which were objected to
a few moments ago, and move that their further
consideration be postponed until the day to which
similar resolutions introduced, by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] were post-
poned; and on that motion I demand the^previous
question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the resolutions be
laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope that my res-
olutions will be allowed to take the same course as
the resolutions of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. There is no good reason for laying them
upon the table now, when I do not ask'for the ac-
tion of the House upon them, and I therefore call
upon the members on the other side to vote down
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman from
Ohio propose presentation on his resolutions, or
does he propose to postpone their further consid-
eration ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I propose to pQst-
pone their further consideration. 1 demand the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair,Blako,
BurTinton, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
hng, Rubcoe Coukling, Covode, Cutler, DavH, Dawes, Del-
ano, DupJI, Edgerton. Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes-
senden. Thomas A. D! Fe«sende'n, Fisher, Franehot, Frank,
Goodwin, Gurlcy. Hale, Ilairison, Hickman, Hooper, Hor-
ton, Hutchins, Julian, Keil«y, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Loomis,
Lovejoy. Low, MePhmon, Mitchell,Mooihead, Justin S.
Morrill, Nixon, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John H.
Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabatgei, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens,
Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Walker, Wall, Wal-
lace, Wasiiburne, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—79.
NAYS—Mes&rs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Bid-
die, William G. Brown, Clements, Cobb, Conway, Corn-
ing, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Dunlap, English, Fouke,
Gianger, Grider, Hall, Harding, Holman, Johnson, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Leary, Mallory, Maynard, Menzics. Noble,
Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Price, Richardson, Rob-
inson, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Vallandigham, Vihbard, Voorhees, Chilton
A. White, Wicklitfe, Woodruff, Wright, and Ycaman—50.
So the resolutions were laid upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider belaid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Although the Chair doubts
the necessity of the motion to lay on the table, he
will put it to the House.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
CORRECTION OP AN ERROR.*
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise for the purpose of
making an inquiry of the Speaker whether the
Journal agrees with the report in the Globe of the
proceedings of the first day's session. I find in
the Globe that the motion to lay upon the table
the resolution introduced by my colleague [Mr.
Richardson] is attributed to my colleague on the
right, [Mr. Ivellogg,] and not to me.
The SPEAKER. Motions for the correction
of the Journal must be made immediately after
the Journal has been read, and before it has been
sent to the printer.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the gen-
tleman from Illinois proceeding any further.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state his question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. On Monday my colleague
[Mr. Richardson] introduced the following res-
olution :
^Resoit'crf, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to inform this House what citizcns of Illinois arc
* The error referred to was corrected before it was brought
to tliK notice of the Hou«e.
