954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
to the extent of one half of the damages sw recovered and
paid; winch last amount may for-* shown in reduction ot dam-
age* in any suit brought against the pnncipal and surety,
01 principals and -sureties, on their contract.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer a now section to come
in between sections eight and nine:
Jind be it further enacted. That no officer or agent of any
hanking or other commercial corporation, and no member
of any mercantile or trading firm, or person directly orindi-
recliy interested in the pecuniary profits or contracts of
such corporation or firm, shall be employed or shall act
a-i an oificcr or agent of the United States for tiie transac-
tion of business with t-uch corporation or linn ; and every
puch officer, a^cnt, or member, or person so interested, who
*haii s« aet, shall, upon eonvietion thereof, he punished by
a fine of not more than $2,000. nor ic^s than $500, and by
imprisonment for a teim not exceeding two years.
Thcamendmentto theamendment wasugreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the committee, as amended.
Mr. COWAN. The second section of this
measure,nstnkes me, containsa monstrous prop-
osition, which the Senate will surely never agree
to. It proposes to put a large class of our citi-
zens, a very large class I may say, under martial
law, to subject them to the rules and articles of
war; and it proposes to do that upon the ground
that because iheyare connected with the Army in
furnishing it with supplies—that is the only con*
nection, I believe, that is contemplated—they shall
be deemed and considered to bo m the military
and naval forces of the United States. Now, Mr.
President, to be in the military and naval forces
of the United States is a fact; and to declare that
a man not in the military and naval forces shall
be deemed and considered to be there is simply an
absurdity, only equaled by the absurdity of sub-
jecting a man to the rules and articles of war who
lias never subscribed to those articles, who has
never taken the onth to obey them, and who is in
no sense, manner, or form, a soldier.
1 may say, sir, that 1 am as much in favor of
punishing frauds committed against the Govern-
ment as anybody in the world can be; but, at the
same time, I am opposed to doing it in such man-
ner as to absolutely overturn the whole frame and
system of our jurisprudence. It is proposed by
this second section, 44 that any person who shall
contract to furnish ships, vessels, steamers, boats,
orother water-craft, ord nance, arms, atnmun ition,
munitions of war, clothing, subsistence, or mili-
tary or naval supplies of any kind whatsoever,"
" shall be deemed and consideied as m the mili-
tary or naval forces of the United States, or in the
nuliiia in the actual service of the United States,
ns the case may be,1' and subject to punishment
by court-martial as such.
Surely it is not seriously proposed to subject
all the tailors nowmakmg clothesforthexoldiers,
and all the shoemakers making their shoes, to
martial law and to trial by court-martial. 1 can
scarcely believe that Senators, and especially Sen-
ators distinguished as lawyers, would ever seri-
ously make such a proposition. 1 had supposed,
sir, that legislation, and especially criminal legis-
lation, must have for its object, not the conviction
of the guilty, but the protection of the innocent.
] t is not the theory of our law that all the guilty
shall be punished, but that nil the innocent m all
cases shall be protected. 11 is only trie guilty who
can be proved guilty who are to be punished.
Thcrefoic, Mr. President, I protest against this
second section, and deny that this Government has
any authority under the Constitution to subject
any man to trial by coui t-martial under the rules
and ai ticles of war, except he be actually in the
serwee of the'United States, and except he has
specially ugieed to abide by and submit to those
rules and ai tides. Let me put a case. A shoe-
maker m Lynn is charged with having committed
some fraud in the manufacture of shoes for the
Aimy, and he is anvaled and brought by a pro-
vost marshal, if you piease, into the District of
Columbia, thoie to be tiied by a court-martial for
that offense. Can any man conccive of a greater
violation of all our notions of justice and the
proper administration of the criminal justice of
the commy ? And what, sir, is the pi esumption
of the law in his case? That he is guilty? No,
sir; it is that he is innocent; and the shield of the
law hang*< over him as an innocent man until the
contrary is shown, and shown how? Byacourt-
martiai' liy a captain or a majoi or a colonel, if
you please, not learned in the law, without pre-
sentment by a grand jury, without any trial by a
petit jury?
Mr. President, the thing is, I was going to say,
absurd, hut perhaps the term may be deemed
harsh. Certainly it is impossible. No people of
our origin, no people with our traditions, no peo-
ple with our history, would ever submit for one
moment to such an outrage. This man has a right
to say, " I am not guilty of the fraud; or, if I am,
I committed it in Lynn. You must firstget a grand
jury of the vicinage, of my neighbois, to say that
there is even probable cause to believe that I am
guilty, and then I have a right to be tried before
a properly organized court, and by a jury of my
neighbors as to the fact, just like another man."
Why not* If you talk to him of your rules and
articles of war, he may well ask, " what are they ?
I never heard of them; I never agreed to submit
to them; I never was bound by them; and you
cannot bind me now."
Caligula was thought to be a great tyrant be-
cause he wrote his laws in small chaiacters, and
placed them upon high posts wheie the people
could not read them, and then punished them for
an infraction of them. Mr. President, this would
be still more severe and tyrannical, and particu-
larly when we reflect that it will operate to-day,
perhaps, upon a million of loyal American citi-
zens. What is the difference between a fraud com-
mitted there and a fraud committed anywhere
else? What has it of the military character? Does
the fact thai a man commits a fraud in making a
shoe for a soldier confer on him any military char-
acter? Does it put him in the land or naval ser-
vice ? And by such a fiction as this, can the mil-
itary criminal law, which is peculiar and confined
to camps, be extended over such an immense
body of our citizens? Surely, I say, nobody can
be serious in presenting such a proposition. Let
any man think for an instant of himself in such
a predicament, and then the rights wiiich he has
inherited and the laws of which he has heretofore
been proud will come up and stand around him,
and he will feel that they belong to him in that
hour of trial and calamity.
Theie isanother clause in the same second sec-
tion that it does seem to me may be calculated to
operate very great hardship:
And any person who ?-hn!f procure, or aid in procuring,
payment fiom the Government of the United States, or any
Department oi officer thereof, of any money or claim what-
«.oe\ei, (hi Mi<*h ships, vrssel*,, steamer?, boats, or oilier
w.iifr rratt, oi Jnance, aims, ammunition, munitions of war,
clothnitr, subsistence, or imhiaiy supplies of any kind, shall
he deemed and considered as in the military or naval forces
of the United States
Why, Mr. President, that would sweep in the
legal piofession from one end of the country to the
other; that would sweep in honorable Senators
upon this floor. And you will remark, sir, that
tho falsehood of these claims is not alleged to be
known to the person aiding in procuring their
payment. Theie is no scienter here in this crim-
inal act; a man is to be convicted by a court-mar-
tial without having known that he committed any
offense whatever. ■ A man may aid in procuring
the payment of a claim which is false, fraudulent
from the beginning, and yet he may not be aware
of it; and if he is not aware of it, he can commit
no offense by assisting in procuiing the payment
of it at the Treasury. Claims aie sent here every
day, perhaps thousands of them, to members of
both Houses, in order to procure their payment
at the Departments. Will anybody pretend that
we subject ourselves to martial law, that we can
be tried by aconrt-martial, if it turns out that those
claims are fraudulent or forged? I therefore move
to strike out the second section entirely.
The learned Senator from Michigan, who has
ofiered this bill,seemed to be at aloss to know why
there should be a difference between a soldier in
the service of the country and the artisan or con-
tractor, when they are both perhaps guilty of the
same offense; why, if the soldier can be punished
by the military law, the other cannot also. I may
be allowed to state, what will be obvious upon a
moment's reflection, that a soldier, a man in the
service of the country, actually in the land or naval
service, is from the very necessity of the thing sub-
jected to this summary and curt law.andheis from
the very necessity of the thing deprived of those
high puvileges, m which indeed his liberty con-
sists, guarantied to him by the fifth amendment of
the constitution. Ifoffensesbecomrmtted by those
actually in theservice, it is utterly impossible that
they can be turned over to the civil authorities
for punishment according to the couise of the
municipal law; there must be some short and sum-
mary mode of disposing of them then and there,
to the great end of military discipline; and hence
it is by force of this necessity, and impelled by
it, that the anomaly exists, if the necessity did
not exist, of course the exception would never
have been made; the soldier would have been en-
titled in defense of his innocence to the same safe-
guards and to the same careful consideration on
the part of the law that the civilian is in the coun-
try. There can be no possible necessity that the
citizen not in the service shall be subjected to this
martial law, when there are so many other and
better modes of reaching him, better not only for
him, but better for all of us. It is better for our
race that he should be tried accordingto the course
of the common law which prevails everywhere
in this^country.
While I am up, Mr. President, I may state an-
other objection to this bill, and that is that it pro-
poses to punish by fine, by qui tarn action, by the
payment of money, one half to the informer and
the other half to the Government, that winch is in
itsclfa crime, which has the essence of crime in it,
which should be punished by the criminal courts,
and punished by fine and imprisonment. If a
citizen violates the statute of frauds as against the
Government, punish him just as though he had
violated it against anybody else. Let the pun-
ishment, however, be graduated according to the
enormity of the offense. If by means of his fiaud
he procures $1,000,000 fiom the Government, his
punishment should be so much the greater; if he
procures but $J00, let it be so much the less. I
object, therefore, to the scheme proposed by the
remaining sections of the bill. I would agree with
great willingness to make all these offenses mis-
demeanors and punish them by fine and impris-
onment, and I would insist that the fine should be
as heavy as it can be without tfeing excessive, so
as not to violate the Constitution in that behalf,
and that there snould be added to itsuch an impris-
onment as would make it effectual. Indeed, it is
not now so much for the want of law that this
mischief pre vails every where, as it is from a seem-
ing utter unwillingness on the part of those in
authority to vindicate the laws that already exist
by subjecting to punishment those who are guilty. .
I am not so certain but that there are now on
the statute-book laws ample to provide for the
complete punishment and prevention of these
frauds, but nobody does it. We appoint a com-
mittee to investigate a certain subject; that com-
mittee makes a teport which astounds everybody,
or certainly would astound everybody m any
other country but this; and the guilty men go
abroad, and they perform their customary and
their usual avocations; they are leceived among
their friends just as before; perhaps their char-
acter is somewhat heightened by the adroitness
they have manifested in their diabolical schemes
for the purpose of procuring money from a dis-
tracted, and what will in a shoit time be an im-
poverished country. Why is this, Mr. Presi-
dent? Are there no courts; are there no district
attorneys; is the form of indictment lost; or is it
taken to be understood that a man can cheat the
Government with impunity, although as to all
other people he is amenable to the municipal laws
for preventing frauds and cheats? 1 have no
doubt that if the officers of the Government would
do their duty when a man is caught procuring
money by these pretenses, and false and forged
claims in any of the thousand modes by which it
may be done, he could be punished. Pie could
be now if the proper officers were on lus trail,
and if the proper precautions were taken to en-
force the laws we now have.
This may all be made simple. These frauds
all fail within a great class. I suppose they are
classified in almost every State in the Union. I
believe now in addition to the remedies provided
by the common law, there is a statute in almost
every State in the Union which makes the pro-
curement of money or any valuable thing by
means of a false misrepresentation of an existing
fact, a criminal oftense, and that is all of it. When-
ever a man falsely misrepresents an existing fact,
and by means of the credence which he obtains in
consequence of that false misrepiesentation, pro-
cures money or any other valuable thing, that
instant he becomes guilty of the offense and ia
within the range and purview, I think, of the stat-
ute of every State in the Union, and I am not so
