THE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1862.
New Series.
'Hi   'n i i i hi
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 108) for increasing the bond of the
Superintendent of Public Printing; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
ADDITIONAL AIDS-DE-CAMP. ♦
Mr. NESMITH. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dircctcd to report
to the Senate the number, names, and rank of the addi-
tional aids-de-camp appointed undei the provisions of the
actof Cougicwsof Augu-st 5,1861; also the number, names,
and rank of the additional aids-de-camp who are now draw-
ing pay from the Government and not employed in active
service.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. NESMITH. By the actof Augusts, 1861,
it is provided—
"That it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, during the existing insurrection and rebellion, jipon
the recommendation of the Lieutenant General command-
ing the Army of the United States, or of any Major Gen-
eial of the regular Army of the United States, commanding
forces of the United State* in the field, to appoint such
number of aids-de-camp, in addition to those now authoi-
ized bylaw, as the exigencies of the service may m the
opinion of the President require; such aids-de-camp to
bear respectively the rank and authority of eaptams, ma-
jors, lieutenant colonels, or colonels of the regular Army,
as the President may direct, and to lcceivo the f-ainc pay
and allowances as are provided by existing laws for officers
of cavahy of concsporidmg rank. The President shall
caube ail aids-de-camp appointed under this act to be dis-
charged whenever th^y shall cea^e to be employed in active
service, andlie may reduce the number so employed when-
ever he may deem it expedient so to do."
The law under which these aids-de-camp were
appointed, contemplated, and so expressed it,
that when they were relieved from active duty in
the field, or when the general officer on whose
staff they were serving retired from active ser-
vice, they should be mustered out of the ser-
vice. I see by the Register that up to August 1,
1862, the number of these officers appointed wad
as follows:
" Fifty colonels, twenty-one lieutenant colonc'r, thirty-
four majors, and two hundred and twenty-one captains.'5
Of this number, I am informed that a great
many are not now upon any duty. The general
officers to whom they were assigned have been
relieved from active service; yet these aids-de-
camp have not, in accordance with the provisions
of the law under which they were appointed, been
mustered out of the service.
From what indications I have been able to ob-
serve in traveling about the country, I have made
a rough estimate of the number of these gentlemen
who are now unemployed, ami who are drawing
salaries from the public Treasury. My estimate
may be wrong; I have based it upon such inform-
ation as I could obtain, and I have offered this
resolution for the purpose of obtaining accurate
information. I estimate that the number not now
on duty approximates something near the follow-
ing:
Twfenty colonels, whose pay each is $211 a
month, amounting in the aggregate to §4,220 per
month; five lieutenant colonels, whose pay is §187
a month, amounting in the aggregate to $035; ten
majors, whose pay is $163 a month, amounting
to §1,630; fifty captains, at £>1*29 each per month,
whose aggregate pay amounts to $6,450: making
an aggregate, per month, paid to these officers not
on duty, and who should, by the provisions of
the act under which they were appointed, have
been mustered out of service, of'§13,230, or of
$158,760 per annum. As I apprehend, under the
provisions of the act which I have read, that
amount of money was diawn from the Treasury
for the payment of these officers without any
legal authority. Of course, my estimates may be
wrong.
The basis upon which I make them may be
wrong. I have no knowledge of the exact num-
ber of these officers who have been mustered out
of service since the publication of the last Army
Register; but 1 do know that the country is full of
them. I know of a colonel who is at the present
2
time practicing law; he has not been on anybody's
staff or done any service forsixor eight months.
I know another who is running a saw-mill; and I
know another who is keeping a lager beer saloon.
[Laughter.] Others of these men are not doing
active duty, but are campaigning about the h'otels
here and making" charges"on the Treasury. In-
stead of disbursing this immense sum of §158,000 a
year for the support of these gentlemen, I would
suggest the propriety of diverting it to some more
proper and more beneficial use. We might per-
haps establish some sort of a national pauper in-
stitution at which they could be boarded for less
than the present salary they are drawing. Some
of them are not satisfied with their pay proper,
which they are drawing contrary to law from the
Government, but are complaining that they get no
commutation for fuel and quarters. To relieve
these gentlemen of the hardships which are im-
posed upon them, I would suggest the propriety
of relievingthem entirelyfrom duty, andreheving
the Treasury from the leeches jiiat are preying
upon it. I ask for the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAYMENTS OF JUDGMENTS FOB. DUTIES.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
581) concerning judgments in certain suits brought
by the United States, have instructed me to report
it with an amendment. I ask for the immediate
consideration of the bill. ItexpUiins itself, as will
be found when it shall have been read. It is very
simple in its provisions.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
all judgments recovered by the United States in
suits now pending, or hereafter to be brought, for
the collection or recovery of any duties on im-
ports, or of any moneys due the United States
from any collector or other officer of the customs,
shall be paid in the gold and silver coin of the
United States.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill, and in lieu of the words stricken out to insert:
That whenever judgments shall bo recovered by the Uni-
ted States m any suit now pending, or hereafter to be
bioujjht, for the collection or recover; ofdutics on imports,
or of moueya due the United States lrom any collcctor, or
other ofiicer of the custom* of the United States, it s hall be
the dlity of the court in which such judgment-* shall be ten-
dered to indorse upon the execution, or other process issued
thereon, a statement of the cause of action as afbresaid ;
ami the amount of debt or damage therein specified, with
interest thereon, shall be collected and paid m the gold and
silver coin of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply state that ■
this bill is intended to avoid what may otherwise
create considerable difficulty. Our law provides
that customs duties shall be paid in coin. Ifa per-
son chooses not to pay them, and a suit is brought,
the judgment does not necessarily state what it is
for, and it may be paid in notes. Thus the law
wouldbeevaded. Again, officers of customs col-
lect the duties in coin; but if they choose to retain I
them in their hands and be sued, and ajudgment is ;
recovered against them under such, circumstances, j
it may be satisfied by payment hi notes. This hill
if simply to obviate these difficulties, to save the
United States from loss, and to carry out the law ,
as it stands. It goes no further than that, and it ;
seemed very proper to the committee that it should :
be passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POWELL. 1 move to amend the bill by j
striking out the words <4of the United States'' ,
after the word coin.'* I do not see the necessity i
fur compelling thesse persons to pay'in the coin of ;
the United States. I do not see why the com of
other countries should not be received. Tne bill
as it stands may put them to great inconvenience.
They may have the gold and silver coin of other
countries,which would be refused, and they would
have to exchange it for coin of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that it is
refused now. As the law stands, custom* duties
are to be paid in gold and silver coin of the Unl-v
ted States: there is none other recognized.' ' 9
The amendment of Mr. Powell was rejefcfecf.
The amendment adopted by the Senate,was
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read thtf-
third time. The bill was read the third time, arid-
ARRESTS OF CITIZENS OF DELAWARE."
Mr. S AULSBURY. A few days ago I offered',
a resolution, calling on the Secretary of War #>*•;
information in relation to the arrest and imprisons
ment in Fort Delaware of two citizens of my Stale.,
I ask that that resolution be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware calls for the consideration of a res-
olution which lay over on objection at the time 6£
its introduction. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-,
by, directed to inform the Senate whether Dr. John Lanr
and Whiteley Meredith, or either of them, citizens of tliV
State of Delaware, have been arrested and imprisoned in
Fort Delaware; when they were arrested and so impris-
oned ; the charges against them; by whom made; by whoso*
orders they were arrested and imprisoned; and that lie
communicate to the Senate all papers relating to their
arrest and imprisonment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr.SAULSBURY. I do not propose to trouble
the Senate with any remarks in reference to the
resolution, further than to say that it is limited
to an inquiry in reference to two citizens of my
State. From time to time, numbers of the citizens
of that State have beenarrested, I believe generally
by the Maryland home guards. Whether it has
been done by authority of the Department of War,
I do not know. They have been carried off and
confined in military forts. I have not, however,
proposed to go into any general inquiry in refer-
ence to the arrests in that State; but as these two
gentlemen, one of whom resides in my own county
and the other not-far eff, in the adjoining county,
arc known to me personally, and have been for a
numberof years,and as thelrfriendsdo not know
of any just cause why they should be imprisoned
in Fort Delaware or elsewhere, I have felt it my
dut*' to call for this information. I hope the Sen-
ate will not perceive any reason for refusing to
comply with this request. If they are there prop-
erly, if they have been guilty of any attempt to
subvert the "Government, if they have acted traitor-
ously in any respect, their friends do not khow
it; I do notknow it, and I do not believe it. They
have been in Fort Delaware now for some time,
and neither themselves nor their friends have been
apprised ofany cause for their arrest, or of the rea-
sons upon which the arrests were made. I hope
the Senate, therefore, will adopt the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I feel con-
strained to oppose the adoption of the resolution.
I think the Senate of the United States ought not
to be engaged during this brief session in calling
upon the Government for this kind of information,
or in arraigning the administrators of the Govern-
ment. We have had some arrests made, and it is
possible there may have been some mistakes made;
but I believe that instead of the few hundred ar-
rests we have had, wo ought to have had several
thousand, and that not one man in ten who ought
to have been arrested, has been arrested. I know
the Government of this country has forborne a
grAat deal. I think the administrators of the Gov-
ernment have been humane and just, and havo
made arrests only when they had reason, cause,
and believed the public safety required that those
arrests should be made. Adopting this resolu-
tion at this time looks to me as a sort of arraign-
ment of the Government of the country for making
these arrests—arrests that have done much to-
wards maintaining the just authority of this Gov-
ernment. I know that the Government is now and
has ever been reluctant to make arrests; that per-
sons arrested who would take the oath of allegi-
ance, who would promise to refrain from lawless
acts against their country, have been readily dis-
charged from confinement. No lives have been
uikfsn bv the Government; no d^eds of inhuman-
