1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
any feeling. Whether these twocitizensofmy State
belong to that class of men who ought to be shot
without trial, I do not propose to discuss before
the Senate. Whether the Government has acted
oppressively or not in this instance, or in any other
instance, 1 oo not propose to discuss on this oc-
casion. I offered the resolution simply in refer-
ence to two citizens, both of whom I have known
from early life. I have not introduced a resolu-
tion calling for information from the War Depart-
ment in reference to everybody who has been ar-
rested in the State of Delaware; and certainly, if
Senators would reflect upon the peculiar condition
of that State, and consider to what that State has
been subjected, they would see that it was a very
modest request, indeed, only to ask for informa-
tion in reference to two cases.
• The remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin
constitute my justification for alluding somewhat
to the treatment we have met with in that State.
These two are not the only men who have been
arrested. Men from the adjoining State of Mary-
land, who, I understand, refuse to go out of their
own State to fight the battles of the country, are
in the habit of coming over into my State and drag-
fing off peaceable, quiet citizens from their homes.
t has not been two months since two of the citi-
zens of my county came in the hour of night to
my house to know how they could escape from
the oppression of these Maryland home guards.
The house of one of them was attacked, and a
young man occupying his store was assaulted.
Another was compelled to flee from his own house
to escape, what? Maryland home guards. Well,
sir, Maryland home guards may be very patri-
otic, may wish to discharge their duty to the coun-
try; but if they are so, there is ample theater enough
in this great controversy with the South to dis-
play their patriotism and love of country without
obtruding themselves into the State of Delaware,
and dragging her peaceful citizens from their
homes.
Has that State ever attempted the foolish game
of secession? Has any son of hers, in public or
private life, ever agitated secession? Breathes
there a son of hers who has ever advised her to
enter upon the work of revolt against the consti-
tuted authorities of the country? Is there any
political party in that State which by resolution or
act has ever justified secession there or elsewhere?
There is none, sir. Every political party in that
State has denounced the doctrine and the practice
ofsecession; and when the State of Mississippi sent
her representative there to advocate the doctrine
of secession before the Legislature of Delaware,
that Legislature passed a solemn resolution that
secession was no remedy for any existing evil in
this country. A feeble State, with a little over a
hundred thousand persons in her borders, she was
too wise, too prudent, even if she was not too
patriotic, to attempt a game of folly of that kind.
Sir, from the very formation of this Union she
has shown her devotion to it and to the Constitu-
tion. She was the first to adopt the Constitution;
and there has never been within her limits, since
she has been a State, any attempt to resist a Fed-
eral law, either before orsince the commencement
of this work of secession in the South.
But it is said this is opposition to the Govern-
ment. It is no opposition to the Government.
There is "no censure in the resolution even upon
the Administration; it simply calls for informa-
tion. We do hold that a State situated as we are,
where there has never been any attempt to resist
Federal authority, should have some considera-
tion in the American Senate. But, sir, I tell the
Senate that at our last general election armed
soldiery were sent to every voting place in the
two lower counties of the State of Delaware. I
am informed that this soldiery consisted of men
from New York, from Pennsylvania, and from
Maryland. When I went to vote myself, I had
to walk between drawn sabers in order to deposit
my ballot. Peaceable, quiet citizens, saying not
a word, on their way to the polls, and before they
had got to the election ground, were arrested and
dragged out of their wagons and carried away.
Peaceable, quiet citizens were assaulted at the
polls. I do not, however, propose to discuss these
matters now; X may do so hereafter. 1 simply
wish to call the attention of Senators to this fact,
which distinguishes us from States that are in
revolt: we have offered no resistance to Federal
authority; there has never been a political meet-
ing in the State of Delaware that advocated rev-
olution, secession, dissolution, or anything else
of the kind, and in my opinion there never will
be. We have too much at stake in the Union,
we desire too ardently its restoration as it was, to
attempt, even if we had the power, to enter upon
the game of dissolution and the work of seces-
sion.
I have selected the cases of the two men named
in the resolution; and I was influenced to do that
simply because I had known them, and I could
not imagine any reason for their arrest. I have
no doubt many others have been arrested against
whom there was no ground of complaint; but I
thought proper to present the names of these two
individuals to the Senate without going into agen-
eral inquiry, inasmuch as their friends did not
know any cause for their arrest; and inasmuch as
I am informed that they themselves, to this day,
do not know the cause; and I thought the Amer-
ican Senate would grant the opportunity of obtain-
ing the information sought for.
Mr. BAYARD. A few words in reply to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin. The hon-
orable Senator tells us that he wishes this reso-
lution to lie overfor a day or two, and to that, so
far as I am concerned, I shall not object, if for
any purpose the Senator desires to consider it.
As 1 understand him, he states the ground for his
opposition to be this: he has been informed that
the Government of the United States has in all
cases of arrested parties given them permission
to get rid of their ariest on taking the oath of al-
legiance. The obvious answer to that would be:
there can be no harm in calling for information in
this ease, and the Government will tell us whether
that is the fact, and when,that fact is so returned
to us, it will be for the Senate to decide whether
it is really competent for the Secretary of War
or any other officer to arrest a citizen of the Uni-
ted States without any sufficient charge, and then
require him to do any act whatever. I hold that
he has no such authority. I hold that a Govern-
ment in which such lawful authority exists is not
a free Government. Further, the taking of such
an oath is a personal act. I admit that men may
differ about it, as regards what their individual
action should be. I con say, however, for my-
self, that if I happened to be arrested without law,
upon suspicion, for a cause which did not justify
it, I should consider, if I suffered the slightest
condition to he imposed upon me, that it was an
admission of the propriety of a lawless act. I
never would do it if I had to die m the jail in
which I was placed. That would be my reason-
ing. It may be the view and reasoning of others.
It seems to me that the idea of imposing a condi-
tion founded upon a lawless arrest is subversive
of all government,because if you can impose one
you can impose others.
But the honorable Senator goes even further.
He tells us lie thinks the Government has been too
forbearing; that men ought not only to have been
arrested and imprisoned, but that they ought to
have been shot or hung. Shot or hung in this
country without a trial? Shot or hung, accord-
ing to the generality of his language, for "sym-
pathy?" Is that the state of things throughout
the United States? Is that what we are to ex-
pect to see established in this country—that sym-
pathy is to be the ground nn which a man is to
be hung? You may charge sympathy on a man
because he differs from you in opinion. Suppose
a man believes that the restoration of the Govern-
ment of this country over the revolted States can-
not be effected by war; the Administration may
say that is an evidence of sympathy with rebel-
lion, and hang a man for that! That is the doc-
trine, as I understand it. It seems to me that
there could not possibly be a form of Government
more despotic in its character—and I might use
a much stronger term—than a Government that
would carry out such a principle as that in ac-
tion. We have heard, under barbarously despotic
Governments, of men being arrested, shot, and
hung by mere arbitrary power; but I trust in
God, although we are involved in civil war, we
are not to see such a state of things inaugurated
in our country.
Mr. President, I do not believe that the strength
of anv Governmentis increased by violence ofac-
tion or by arbitrary action. Oil the contrary, I
think it is the very basis of ourGovernment,which
gives to it strength, that it leaves tlie opinion of the
individual untouched, as long as his acts orhia ■
doings arc not hostile to the interests of bis coun-
try and in opposition to its laws. That is the baais
of ali free Government. In my judgment, it is (he
basis, the strength ofany Government; and when
a Government departs from it among a people as
intelligent as the people of the United States, the
Administration that does so, iji my belief, will in-
evitably meet with the condemnation of the public
opinion of the country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say one word.
I did not intend to be understood that men who
are arrested should be either shot or hung without
trial. If anything that I said led the gentleman
from Delaware to suppose such was my meaning,
I did not express myself as I intended. I simply
say that the complaint against the Government is
that they have not been either shot or hung. I ought
to have said,perhaps, tried, shot, andhunj*. But,
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Dela-
, ware does not meet the point that I make. I un-
derstand rather that, by way of confession and
avoidance, he admits the fact to exist in the par-
ticular cases which were referred to in this reso-
lution 
Mr. BAYARD. I know nothing about that in
these cases. I have not the slightest knowledge
of that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The factwhich I desired
to state, and which 1 suppose is true in these cases
as in other cases where men have been arrested—
if not in every case, in almostallthecases of arrest
and imprisonment of which we have heard com-
plaints in the various States 
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin will suspend his remarks. The
special order of the day comes up at this hour, and
arrests the consideration of the resolution which
has been under debate. On the 14th of July last
the bill (S. No. 324) to provide for the relief of
honest but unfortunate debtors, and the distribu-
tion of their property among-their creditors, by
the establishment of a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States, was under
consideration, amended, postponed by order of the
Senate, an d made the special order for the 8th d ay of
December instant, atone o'clock. That hour hav-
ing ai rived, the bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and open to further amend-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER. The bill has never yet been
read at length, I believe. It is necessary under
our rules to read it through, and indeed before the
Senate act upon it, Senators will undoubtedly de-
sire that the bill be read at length, for it is a very
important one, and its details are important, and
in no way can those details be brought to the no-
tice of the Senate more readily than by the reading
of the bill. I propose, therefore, to ask the Senate
that the bill be now read, in order that the atten-
tion of Senators may be called to it, which I be-
lieve has not as yet been given very fully to the
bill, for although it was before the Senate at the
last session it was not before the body under cir-
cumstances which called the attention of the Sen-
ate .particularly to it. After it has been read
through, [ shall ask the Senate to postpone it un-
! til a day next week—Thursday, ifagreeable to tha
| Senate—in order that by that*time Senators may
1 be prepared with their amendments, if they pro-
' pose to offeramendments, and 1 shall then ask that
the Senate proceed with the bill until final action
shall be had.
The Secretary read the bill at length.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move that the bill be
postponed, and made the special order of the day
for Thursday of next week, which will be the 18th
of December, and made the special order for one
o'clock of that day.
The motion was agreed to—two thirds of the
Senators present concurring therein.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
