960*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Yes, sir, it is
five feet six inches.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a mistake to sup-
pose that it is of importance to have the same
gauge from the Atlantic to the Pacific. As a mat-
ter of practical business, the gauge should be
broken. Merchandise, to say nothing about pas-
sengers—because breaking gauge makes no differ-
ence as to passenger traffic—could not be safely
carried without a change. Merchandise should
be handled more than once probably in making a
transit of three thousand miles. A change should
probably be made of merchandise from car to car
at every period of a thousand miles, at least, for
the safety of the merchandise, and for the safety
of the means of transportation. Everybody knows
that the engine, the locomotive, cannot run safely
more than a hundred miles. There is also a limit
for the running of transporta*:on cars. They can-
not be safely run, as I am well advised, more than
a thousand miles. It is probably true that at the
Missouri river the merchandise will have to be
handled under any circumstances. Now, here is
what is justandfair: this road should not be built
or constructed with a gauge for a northern or a
central connection, or for a St. Louis, or a Han-
nibal and St. Joseph, or a Chicago railroad con-
nection. If the five fectgaugeis the proper gauge,
there will be no loss by breaking gauge at the Mis-
souri river, and there will be no injustice by build-
ing up a particular interest as against another.
Now, 1 undertake to say that no man of engi-
neering sciencc and large engineering experience
will undertake to say that the four feet eight and
a half inch gauge is as good as the five feet. The
five feet gauge is equally adapted to the curvcs
that have to be made in overcoming mountain
difficulties. It is not a wide gauge. It is less,
perhaps, than a medium gauge; and three and a
naif inches added to the width of the locomotive
enables it to use a power and strength of machin-
ery very important to any large line of road. As
I understand, and I took some occasion tostudy
it, all the discussion in England and this country
showed that the wide gauge was the true gauge
for long lines of road; and I firmly believe myself
that five feet six inches, or even six feet, for a
length of road running from the Missouri river
to California, some two thousand miles, would
be a better gauge than the five feet gauge.
But the gauge has been fixed by the authority
of the Government, to which the question was re-
ferred, upon full examination;and it was referred
to thatauthority for the very purpose of avoiding
this controversy. I trust the Senate will not un-
dertake to embark in the discussion of a question
which took iii England years of popular discus-
sion, and before Parliament, and took years of
discussion here until all engineers have stated that
the difference of opinion is as the number of men
who enjrage in the discussion. J think the gauge
1ms been well settled, and it will be a great in-
jury to the persons who have embarked already
in the construction of the road if the gauge be
now changed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it lie over, then, until
we can get a quorum. A vote by yeas and nays
will disclose the want of a quorum.
Mr. DAVIS. I will move to take up the bill
(S. No. 452) to regulate the appointment of mid-
shipmen.
Mr. GRIMES. There will be a vote by yeas
and nays on that.
The "PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 483) to establish the gauge of the Pacific uiil-
road and its branches is still before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN, i give notice that I shall call
it up again at an early day.
Mr, DAVIS. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill No.
483 is still before the Senate. There is no motion
made to dispose of it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will move that it he
over until Monday.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that it be postponed
until Tuesday next.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. On Monday
I want to take up the militia bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are sev-
eral motions in regard to the bill now before the
Senate: one is to postpone generally; another to
postpone until Monday; and another to postpone
until Tuesday. The Chair will take the question
on the longest time first. It is moved that the bill
be postponed until Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION LAW.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill for enrolling and drafting ti\e mil-
itary forces of the United States, for the purpose
of moving that it be assigned for Monday next at
one o'clock.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling out the
national forces, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
that it be specially assigned for Monday next, at
one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until Monday next, at one o'clock, and be made
the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
LETTERS OP MARQUIS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill (No. 393) con-
cerning letters of marque, prizes, and prize goods.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be a division and
a discussion on that.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well. I move to take it
up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to taking it up.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have a vote on taking
11 PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved that
the Senate resume the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 393) concerning letters of marque, prizes,
and prize goods.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of taking up
that bill I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reason that I am op-
posed to taking up that bill is this: it is a bill of
very considerable importance, one which, in my
judgment, ought not to pass. I am sure it will
give rise to much discussion; and there are other
measures of practical importance and of urgency
which I think we ought to consider in preference to
the bill to issue letters of marque and reprisal
against the rebels who have got no commerce for
our privateers to attack. As is well suggested by
some "iic, it is only a measure to be resorted to
against a foreign nation. A resort to the issuing
of letters of marque and reprisal against rebels
and insurrectionists is a thing unheard of in any
country before. But I do not wish to go into
the merits of the matter. I object to taking it up
because I think it should not crowd out of the
way much more important business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I take it there is not a
more important measure now before this Con-
gress. It is a bill that should have been passed
long since. I do not know why it has been so
long delayed. I think it should be taken up in
preference to any other measure now pending,
and I desire to see action upon it. We have good
present cause, and we have had past cause, for
having our volunteer navy on the seas.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the whole-bill
is a misconception. There is no occasion for it.
There is nothing in the present condition of the
country to justify letters of marque and reprisal;
and when Senators say that Massachusetts is in-
terested in the issue of letters of marque I repel
the suggestion. Massachusetts is interested in
putting down this rebellion. She is also inter-
ested in clearing the sea of pirates. That is her
open and unquestionable interest; and to that end
she is interested in the employmentof all possible
agencies consistent with the civilization of the
age. She is interested in the enlargement of the
marine, national and private; and 1 may add also,
she is interested in the enlistment at the present
moment of the private marine in the national ser-
vice; but this is an entirely different thing from
the issue of letters of marque.
Why, sir, what is a letter of marque? It is a
privateer. And what is a privateer ? li is a private
armed ship, owned by pi ivatc individuals, cruis-
ing at its own will against the commercc of an
enemy, and paid by booty. That is a privateer.
Surely ther-i is nothing in the present emergency
to justify any such thing. 1 come back to what
I said a moment ago. There is much in the pres-
ent moment to justify the enlargement of our ma-
rine by the employment of private enterprise,
which shall be under the national flag.
If this bill ever should come up I have a sub-
stitute for it; but I do not think there is any oc-
casion even for my substitute; the existing legis-
lation of the country is ample; and I hope that
in this stage of the public business, when we have
so much to do, when there are so many matters
thatdemand discussion there will not be launched
upon the Senate a question which, in the best
aspect of it, must be fruitless of anything good,
while, in certain contingencies, it will be the source
of trouble and solicitude. If the rebels had any
rommerce there might be then a temptation to
adopt this bill, although a becoming prudcnce
should make Congress hesitate to associate itself
with a measure which is not in harmony with the
civilization of our age, and which, I fear, may
embarrass us with foreign nations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that a motion to take up a bill, involving
simply a question as regards the order of business,
does not involve the merits of the question to be
discussed.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose the Chair means by
that that it would be improper for me to say any-
thing in response to the suggestions of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts. If so, I shall
not.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. By com-
mon consent you can go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks clearly that any reasons why the bill should
be taken up applying directly to the question of
the order of time, or any reasons against taking
up the bill applying directly to the order of time,
are perfectly proper; but the merits of the ques-
tion generally are not open to discussion on amo-
tion to take up the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I have said nothing to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts or to the Senate in re-
gard to the importance of this bill as it affected
the interests of Massachusetts or any other State;
but I do believe there is no measure that has been
before the Senate, or is likely to be before the
Senate during the present session, that is of more
vital importance, not only to the people of Mas-
sachusetts, but to the people of the country at
large.
The Senator seems to have some particular ob-
jection to the passage of this bill , because, he
says, they are to be privateers*, letters of marque
are to be issued under it; and he tells us what
privateers are; that they are ships owned by pri-
vate individuals, who receive their compensation
in booty. At the same time he tells us that he is
in favor of extending and enlarging our own na-
tional marine. Plow are they paid? If the Sen-
ator objects to their being paid by booty, exactly
as privateers are, why does he not introduce a
bill by which prizes shall not be granted to our
officers and sailors on the high seas? We offer
as an inducement to our own national sailors and
to our officers to be alert, to do their duty man-
fully to the Government, to hold up the flag
wherever it shall be attacked, one half of all the
captures they shall make. That is booty. Does
that incite them to any improper acts? Is the
nation disgraced by our prize law? If not, why
are we any more disgraced when we take into
our service under our own commissions the mil-
itia of the sea? Why, sir, it has always been
held to correspond exactly with the militia on the
land. They volunteer; they come into our ser-
vice; they receive commissions from us; they sub-
ject themselves to the prize laws and regulations;
and they are just as much under the rules and
articles of war, so far as they relate to the public
service, so far as they relate to the sea, as our vol-
unteers are who are now enlisted under our ban-
ner on the banks of the Potomac.
It has been said that there is no commere which
these privateers can attack. Well, sir, lam sorry
to say there are some rebel vessels of war upon
the sea, and they seem to be increasing. 1 wish
to allow private individuals to attack and capture
them, if they can. I wish to allow private indi-
viduals to attack and capture any that may here-
after be put afloat; for there are certainly great
i inducements not only for the people of the con-
