22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
made a special order for that day. Gentlemen who
knew enough of the bill, I suppose, to oppose it,
seemed unanimously determined that it should not
be postponed and made the special order. I pre-
sume that every gentleman in this House knows
the provisions of this bill, and that there was
really no time necessary for them to examine
it for the purpose of a correct understanding of
it. Still, thinking as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] did, that it would look better
to have a few days to examine it, 1 tried to get
that time, but was prevented. I have made up
my mind, for one only, that this bill shall not
fail through any such objection if there be a ma-
jority in this House leady to pass it. Hence it
was that when I appealed to them to give this time
for debate, and they refused, I asked theprevious
question, which I shall steadily adhere to.
I will say only a single word in reference to this
bill. I should not have said a word about it if I
had not seen it misprinted in some papers. The
bill, as printed in some of the papers, would seem
to indemnify everybody who, during the time of
suspension declared by the President of the Uni-
ted States, had committed trespass in the name of
the Government. The bill has no such absurd
provision in it. It provides that the President and
Cabinet, and all who, in pursuance of their au-
thority, have made arrests during the time of the
declaredsuspension,shall beindemnifiedand saved
harmless. That is the full extent of the bill. It
?ocs no further in any of its provisions, nor would
vote for it if it did.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania allow me to say a
word ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. For one, I
do not object to a bill to indemnify the President
of the United States; but this is not, if I under-
stand it, (I have had no opportunity to examine
it,) a bill of indemnity merely. A bill of indem-
nity is that which secures to an officer who may
have, through mistake or otherwise, violated the
law, an indemnity for that proceeding. It does
not necessarily deprive a party of his civil remedy.
If a man has been unjustly or illegally imprisoned
■—however long his imprisonment orgnevous his
injury—he is deprived by this bill of any remedy
or redress whatever. He alone is to suffer, and
not the Government. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will put his bill in such form as to indem-
nify officers acting under the direction of the Pres-
ident, still leaving the parties to their civil remedy
if they were illegally and without cause impris-
oned, I could support it. I could not, without
further opportunityforexamination,vote fortius.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. COX. 1 made a motion a moment ago to
have the bill referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. I think the suggestion made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr.Thomas,] as to the
import of this bill, of so much importance that the
bill ought to be amended. I think it would be
proper for the gentleman to withdraw the call for
the previous question, and, instead of passing the
bill m this indecent haste—as it is confessed by
members on the other side that we are no w doing—
have it sent to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and have a judicial exposition of the principles
contained in it.
Mr. STEVENS. I thank the gentleman for
his advice 
Mr. COX. I do not pretend to advise the gen-
tleman.
Mr. STEVENS. But I have been so provoked
by gentlemen on that side that I do nottake their
advice with any great kindness.
Mr. COX. Provoked, probably, by the action
of the people at the last fall elections.
Mr. STEVENS. I therefore proceed, Mr.
Speaker, to state what 1 intend to say, without
any unkindness to anybody, but with the inten-
tion to have this bill passed, if the House see fit
to pass it.
Thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr.Thom-
as] will find on examination—and I dare say that
he has examined it—that I have drawn this hill
precisely according to the English precedents; that
1 have used precisely the language used by all of
the bills of indemnityfor the last two centuries
' by the English Pailiament, except that, in
their bills, they have confessed the illegality of all
of the acts which have been done and for which
ministers have advised the passage of an indem-
nity. I have not confessed the illegality of these
acts, for this reason: the Attorney General of the
United States and the Administration have held
that the President had, without such a bill, full
power; and if he had the power to order all
these acts, then there is no remedy for anybody.
A remedy exists only where there is a wrong. If
the President had the right to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus, and under that these results took
place, I should like to know who had the right of
action against him ? There can be no such thing.
If there be a remedy for these false imprisonments
it may extend to indictments as well as to civil
suits, and how is the Government to indemnify
the President for two years'imprisonment in the
penitentiary? What kind ofinderanity is the Gov-
ernment to afford to men thus prosecuted under
these laws ? But, sir, if the President was right in
supposing that he had the authority to suspend the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, I admit with
my friend from New York [Mr. Olin] that there
would be no necessity for this bill. But then it
would do no harm, it would confer no additional
power, it would do only what could be done be-
fore. But 1 have recited that there is doubt on
that subject.
Now, sir, I do not pretend to put my opinion
in opposition to that of the Secretary of State, the
Attorney General, and the Cabinet; but I do doubt
the authority of the President of the United States
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
except when there is an absolute necessity for him
to have that power, on an emergency when Con-
gress is not m session. I hold that Congress is
the sovereign power of this nation, not the Presi-
dent, and I have never been willing to yield to the
idea 
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I hope that I will
be allowed to ask the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia a single question. If this bill be postponed
until Thursday next, will discussion be permitted
alone to the friends of the measure and denied to
those who may oppose it? 1 would like to have
the question answered.
Mr. STEVENS, lfithad been postponed until
Thursday there was no intention to call for the
previous question. The bill would have been
opened to discussion by any gentleman who rose
to discuss it; but we were not allowed that privi-
lege. We were compelled to press it now or not
at all, and I do not choose to put it within the
power of the enemies of the bill and the enemies
of the Administration. I therefore ask to go on
with it now.
But I was proceeding to say that I did not agree
myself that the President of the United States has
the right to suspend the writ of habeas corpus ex-
cept until the meeting of Congress. Then it seems
to me that we would have the right to give him
that power. As there has been an illegal exercise
of the power before, one arising from necessity,
a bill of indemnity is the proper remedy winch
has been practicable for the Government where it
was necessary for the Executive, for the safety of
the country, to assume the responsibility of acts
not contemplated by the Constitution. England
has a constitution, just as we have. She has her
Magna Charta and her statutes of treason. They
provide for allthese cases, as the Constitution of the
United States does. And, as I have stated already to
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thomas,] I have carefully copied this bill
from the precedents of the English Pailiament, the
last of which was passed about five years ago. I
have not added a word exccpt such as was neces-
sary by the altered circumstances of the country,
it is what has been done in the English Parliament
for the last two centuries. Whether the Attorney
General is right or whether I am right in regard
to this power, if the President of the United States
has the power, then this bill confers nothing addi-
tional, and can do no harm. If the Presidentdoes
not have the power, then it seems tome proper that
he should receive it; and it seems to me proper
that he should be indemnified for exercising it iri
time of our extremest peril, when traitors were to
he found in every household, North as well as
South.
I now, sir, demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Bingham, Jacob ii. Blair, Samuel H. Ill air,
Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Burnliam, Campbell,
Casey, Chamberlain, CUulv, Colfax, Fiederick A. Conk-
ling, Roscoe Conkling, Cutler, Davis, Delano, D,tiell,Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, I'enton, Samuel C. Fe*sen-
den, Thomas A. D. Fcssenden, Franchot, Frank, Gurley,
Hale, Harrison. Hickman, Hooper, Uorton, Hutelnns, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lan-
sing, I.oomis, Lovejov,Low,McKnight, Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill, Justm S. Morrill, Nixoll, Noell, Olin, i'atton,
Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Segar, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg,
Stevens, Stratton, Train,Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Vail Valkenburgh, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Wasbburne,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester—90.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Clem-
ents, Cobb, Conway, Cox, Cravens, OTisfieid, Crittenden,
Dunlap, English, Fouke, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Hard-
ing, Holman, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Mallory,
Menzies, Morris, Noble, Norton, Pendleton, Trice, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallan-
digham, Voorhees, Clulton A. White, Wicklift'e, Wood-
ruff, Wright, and Yeainan—45.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. McKNIGHT, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
There was no objection, and Mr. McKnight
voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reeansider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the title of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question must be first
taken on the motion to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the title of the bill.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I firstrose to move
an amendment to the title of the hill.
The SPEAKER. It was not in order to move
an amendment to the title of the bill pending the
motion to reconsider.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair said
that the title would stand as it was unless objected
to. 1 then rose for the purpose of moving an
amendment to the title.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
and lay upon the table was then made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania,and was firstinorder.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. ButI had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment was not then in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I want to amend
the title of the bill, so that it will indicate all the
purposes of the bill. It was my object, in rising,
to move to add the following to the title:
And to empower the President to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus throughout the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. COLPAX demanded tellers on seconding
the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sherman
and Vallandicham were appointed.
On a division, the tellers reported—ayes 85,
noes 2; no quorum voting.
Mr. OLIN moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 86.
The previous question was then seconded, the
tellers having reported—ayes 88, noes 16; and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the title of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title of the bill was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The SPEAKER announced that the ousiness
next in order was the consideration of the bill No.
136, to expedite the collection of the revenue, and
the final disposition sf suits arising therefrom in
