THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'•Hrih
t-'i rx
TUB OFFICLAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES", WASHIN&TON, U: C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1863.
Kbit Series jsfo,
federate States, but for foreigners, to obtain au-
thority under the confedeiate flag to prey upon
our commerce.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to the Senator if it
would not be better to aifer a reward for the cap-
tuie of these pirates, instead of adopting this
proposition ?
Mr. GRIMES. When the bill comes before
the Senate and the Senator will make that propo-
sition, 1 fbr one will agree to take it into respect-
ful consideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I would vote for it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt the Senator
would. The trouble now is, I cannot get the Sen-
ate to let the bill come up, so that we can get the
proposition voted upon. If the Senator wt'l vote
with me to take up the bill and then move to
amend it, the question will come properly before
the Senate.
Rut, sir, I would put upon the statute-book a
general law, so that it should be known to all the
world, that whenever a war shall exist between
this country and another, we shall rely and intend
to reiy upon the militia of the sea for our defense,
precisely as we rely upon the militia at home on
land for our defense. If I had my way, I would
spread such a law as that on the statute-book and
hold it out to the whole world as being part of our
national policy.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from Iowa
is misled by a phrase, if he will pardon me. He
speaks of the militia of the sea. It is a captiva-
ting phrase, I admit; but the question is, what in
a just sense is the mihtia of the sea? The Sen-
ator thinks that it is to be found in privateers;
that is, private armed ships belonging to private
individuals, under the command of private indi-
viduals, cruising against private commerce, and
paid exclusively by booty. Such is the Senator's
idea of the militia of the sea. I am free to say
this is not captivaftng to me. My idea oi the
militia of the sea is something very different. It
is al! the ships of my country, if the occasion re-
quire, under the national flagm the service of the
Government as national ships, with the character
of national ships, paid as national ships, officered
as national ships, en joying every where the immu-
nities of national ships, and not exposed to any j
of the suspicions which will always attend upon }
the privateer wherever he appears. An enact- j
mentauthorizing the Naval Dcpartmenttoemploy \
all the mercantile marine of the country i  the >
national service under the national flag as a pait i
of the Navy, would be practical and reasonable. I
Such a marine will, in ajust sense, be the militia j
of the sea. Such a militia I am in favor of; but i
the militia of the Senator from Iowa I must pro- !
test against, at least unless the necessity of na-
tional defense shall positively require it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Movers. Anthony, Arnold. Clark, CoHamei,
Cowan, Davis. Dixon, Doolmh', lY-^enden, Foot, Fo&toi.
Grimes, Harding, Ratlan, iiaiiis, ilieks, Howe, King, Jjan<
of Indiana, .Lane of Kun*as. Latham, McDou^atl. iSJotri1!.
Xcsinith, Riue. Sherman, Tun K\ck, Turpie, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and WiUon ol jUawtelm —31,
jvAYri—Mesvr*. Chandler, J'oweiS, Sumner, Truinlm.:.
Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouri—0.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,.
-in Committee of the Whole, piooeeded to coii^'b ,
the bill (S. No. 393) concerninglettersofmarqin ,
prizes, and prize goods; which had been reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, with an
amendment to suike out all of the original bill and
insert a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Isihe reading
of the original bill called for, or the reading of the
amendment only?
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
TIk Secretary road it, as follows:
That wheiH'voj war exists, or has been declared between
the fnmed Prates ami tun other nation. th«* President #f
f>]
the United States is hereby authorized to issue to private
vesseisof the United States commissions or ietters of imuque
and general repiisa! in s-uch form as lie may think proper,
and under theceal of the United States, against the vessels,
goods, and effects of the nation or Government so at war
with the United States, and the subjects and citizens there-
of; and the President is hereby authorized to revoke and
annul at)ilea<uie ail such commissions or ietters of marque
so by him gtanted.
S bc . 2. And be itfurther enacted, That the conduct, rights,
duties, and mode of proceeding, and regulations of letters
of nruqiie,tlien prizes, and prize goods,shall conform and
be subject to the piovibiotts of the aetof C-ongiess approved
on the 26th day of June, 1810, enlitiod "An act concerning
letters of marque, prizes, and pr«zc goodsand of the act
of Congress approved on the 27th day ot January, 1813, en-
titled "An act in addition to the act concerning letters of
marque, ptize-, and piize goods," which are hereby so far
revived and declared operative and in force for that pur-
pose.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs is to insert the following as a substitute
for the bill:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
heieby, authoiized, during the continuance of the pre&ent
insurrection, to grant letters of marque and reposal; and
the provisions in "the act of Congress approved on the 26th
day of June, 1812, entitled '" An act concerning ietteis of
maiqur, prize-?, uud piizo good.-jand of the act of Con-
gress approved on the SltU day of January, 1813, entiiled
k'Ati act in addition to the act concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and piize good*," an; hereby revived, and shall bo in
loiee in relation to all that pait of the United State-* where
the inhabitants have been declared in a state of insmree-
tion, and the ves*els and property to them belonging.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee, by striking out all after
the word " that," and inserting the following:
In all domestic and foreign wars the Picsident ot the
Unite d States is authorized to issue to puvato armed ves-
sels ol the United States commi.-sions oi letters ot marque
and treneial lepn^al.in Mich foim as he shall think proper,
and under the M-al of the (Tutted Stater^und make ail need-
fill lulej-and regulation* tor the government and conduct
theo'of. and for the adjudication and dispotatum of the
prizes and salvages made by Mich vessels.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Jho question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish first to understand the
state of the question. It seems that we have un-
der consideration a bill entitled " A bill concern-
ing Ietteis of inaique, prizes, and prize goods,"
which was introduced July 12,1862. It was con-
sidered in committee July 14, 1862; and then a
substitute, which is printed in italics, was adopted.
The whole subject, was then referred, January 7,
1863, to the Committee on Naval Aifairs. Jan-
uary 20, 3863, I find this entry:
"Mr IIvle icpoiis with the following amendments,
nameh . ftrike out the amendment in Italics and restore
the ori'jin.il bill v/ithm [bracket*] and amend the same by
striking out the woid [or] in hue nine and insert the words
in italic^ m lines foui and nine."
| Now, sir, I wish to understand to which of these
| two bills the substitute of the Senator from Iowa
I is offered? I wish to understand the state of the
i qu -Niion.
: ' !r. GRIMES. The amendment that I pro-
: posed was to the substitute reported by the Com-
\nitee on Naval Affairs, to strike out all the bill
11. italics, afcr the word <£ that," and insert what
f sent to the desk to be read, as a substitute for
he whole thins?.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill way
, introduced into the Senate and was refmred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. It came back with
amendments. It was recommitted to the eom-
j mitiee, and the amendments fell in the commute*',
| anu they reported a bill as a substitute for the
! ori_r!;\irbill. On the taking up of the bill, the
| >-e, yiurvom Massachusettsasked for the reading
: oftl. original bill and the substitute, and both were
read. The Chair then stated the question to the
I Senaf<-, which was upon the amendment reported
by tl e committee. The Senator from Iowa then
t r.i'iV'-d.T.can amendment to that amend men t, what
; he sent to the desk and what has been read; and
' the question now is upon the amendment to the
| amendment of the committee to the original bill,
■ which amendment to the amendment is offered by
the Senator from Iowa'. Th«t is now the posiCioif'
of the question. *
Mr. SUMNER. Is that now ofseff to
ment? ' - - ~ t - V
The PRESIDING* OFFICER. It fc mt, it tak-
ing an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator frondMas-^
sachusetts does not wish to offer his amendment'
now, I have a suggestion to Make. I merely sfrjg-"
gest it, as it is not in order to move an amenxlment
now. It is to insert at the end of the first Hnetb#
words, u which may occur within three years,
so as to limit the operation of the law to three
years. The laws of 1812 and 1813 were limited
in time, and I think this ought to be limited. It
couid be done by inserting the words," for three
years from the passage of this act." I do nof
think we ought to make it so very wide as'
Senator from Iowa proposes.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied with that arherriU
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sug-
gest that, as this bill is now proposed to be amende
ed, the subject had better go over, and it had better
be printed. My colleague states that he intends to
move an amendment; and he can propose it-now
and have it printed as one he intends to move, so
that we can have the whole of this subject before
us in a printed form; and then we can go into ex-
ecutive session and transacta little business there.
For that purpose 1 will suggest that this amend-
ment now proposed, and that of my colleague, if
he has it ready, be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly ready, if the'
Senate desire it, to go on with the discussion now.
Still, I think it would be better to have both amend-
ments printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to gen-
tlemen that, if they mean to have a discussion at
length upon this subject, the sooner we have it
the better; for we have only two weeks of the ses-
sion left, and there is a great deal to do, and very
important business, too.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is a
very important subject; and I propose to have the
amendments of my collcagueand the Senator from
Iowa printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to that.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think both had better ba
printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa and
the proposed amendment of my colleague be
j printed. *
Mr. SUMNER. It is an amendment which,
at the proper time, I shall offer as a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
have these amendments printed, and then I wish
to move to go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the amendment
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa, together with an amendment to be pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, when
it shall Ge in order to propose it, be printed; and
that the further consideration of the bill before the
Senate be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move to take up
'j Senate bill No. 435; and after we take it up I am
,1 willing to give way for an executive session, as I
11 only want it to come up in the morning hour o 
i! Monday.
I! Mr. GRIMES. The trouble is that if left as the
unfinished business it will not come up in the
morning hour, but will displace this bill at one
o 'clock.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business. We can take up the bill of
the Senator from Kansas on Monday morning.
• The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doom wore reon^nod and theSenateadjourned'.
