18G3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ami Norfolk city, Nansemoml, Surry, Sussex,
Southampton, Greensville, Prince George, and
Charles City. This election \vas*held under the
most peculiar circumstances. It was difficult for
the committee to trace it. If I may be allowed the
expression, it is a compound fracture. It was held
under the proclamations of two military governors
and one civil Governor. The firsfis the proclama-
tion of Major General Dix of the 8th of Decem-
ber, 1862, calling for an election on the following
22d of December. It is impossible for the com-
mittee to ascertain under what authority General
Dix assumed to call this election. He does not
set forth that he is a military governor, but merely
that he has command of what is called the depart-
ment of Virginia. WJmt that department embraces
we could not learn from him or from others, and
we assumed that it embraced this district or he
would not have called an election in this district.
That proclamation is annexed to the report of the
committee, and is necessary to be read in order to a
correct understanding of this case. It is as follows:
Proclamation.
Whereas there is reason to believe that a majority ofthe
lejral voters in tile counties of Norfolk and Princess Anne,
constituun;? the larger portion of the second congicssional
distiiet of Virginia, arc, and have always been, at heart
loya! to the Government of the United States and obedi-
ent to tile laws thereof; and whereas, in view of the proc-
lamation of the President ol the United States ofthe 22(1
ot September last, it is desirable that the loyal portion of
States in rebellion should have the opportunity of being
lepresented in Congress on the 1st of January next:
Now, theiefore, J, John A. l)ix, commanding the depart-
ment 01 Virmnta, do usue tnis my proclamation,declaring
that an election by ballot shall be held on Monday, the 20d
day of December instant, for a Representative to fill a va-
cancy in the Thirty Seventh Congress of the United States
of Anienea in the &econd district of Virginia. Writs of
election will duly be issued by Brigadier General Vide, mil-
itary governor of Norfolk, ami the ejections held in the .-ev-
enil piecinetsdesignated bylawmthe counties of Norfolk,
Princess Anne, Nausemond, and Isle of Wight. The com-
missioners appointed, when dulynotified, will appear and
take the pre^cubed oath before the provost marshal, at the
comt-housc in the city of Norfolk, or before the provost
marshal at Suffolk,
Ail white males of the age of twenty-one years and up-
wards, actual residents of the district, who shall not have
refused heretofore to give evidence of their fidelity to the
Government shall he entitled to vote.
All petsons entitled and declining to vote, and who are
not prevented by age. lnfu uutv, or other valid cause, from
performing then duty as citizens by voting under this proc-
lamation, will lie regarded as hostile to the Government, and
subject to all the penalties ot disloyalty.
Given under my hand, at Fort Monroe, Virginia, this 8th
day of December, 18G2.
JOHN A. DIX, Major General.
On the 12th of December Genera] Viele, styling
himself the military governor of Norfolk, issued
his proclamation. He addressed his proclama-
tion to the voters of only four counties. It was
proposed to hold that election in those counties,
and it was called for the 22d of December. On
the Saturday before the 22d of December, which
was on Monday, Adjutant General Samuels of
Virginia, residing at Wheeling, arrived, bringing
writs of election from the civil Governor of the
State of Virginia, bearing date the 12th day of
December, and calling for an election to bo held
on the following 27th of December. Learning that
he had arrived on the eve of an election, the writs
of election from the civil Governor of Virginia
were altered from the 27th to the 22d of Decem-
ber, so as to conform to the proclamations of Gen-
eral Viele and General Dix. Then one of the candi-
dates on Sunday took four of these writs and dis-
tributed them at the different places of election ac-
cording to the time which he had. The last one
he was uncertain whether lie had delivered before
midnight of Sunday or the Monday morning of
the election.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. Was it ascertained by
whom the proclamation of the Governor of West
Virginia was altered?
Mr. DAWES. GovernorPeirpointissued these
writs of election. We consider him the Governor
of Virginia. He has been so treated by Congress.
The Committee of Elections has not gone into that
question. He issued writs of election in the or-
dinary form of law, under the seal of the State, at
Wheeling, dated the 12th of December, and call-
ing for an election oil the following 27th of De-
cember.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Who altered it from the
27th to the 22d of December?
Mr. DAWES. At the time that the committee
made its report it was unable to ascertain by whom
they were altered.. The preponderance of evidence
ia that when they left Wheeling they were not
altered, and that they were altered afier they
reached Norfolk. One ofthe candidates testified
that General Samuels stated one ofthe objects of
those writs was to give semblance of legality to the
election. Since the report was made, Governor
Peirpoint appeared before the committee, and it is
proper that I should give him the benefit of his
own testimony. He was disposed to institute elec-
tions in as many districts as the condition of the
country would permit. The armies were con-
stantly changing position. Sometimes, in one of
them, the Army of the Union would drive out the
rebel force, and then again, in afew days, that rebel
force would return. As thelawofVirginia requires
ten days' notice after the issuing of the writs and
after they reach the handsof the sheriff—ten days'
notice at each precinct before the day of election
—it was evident that some districts could not be
properly notified between the time of notice and
the day of holding the election. The condition of
things made it clear that it would be impossible to
hold an election,'and that it was but a fair and
liberal construction ofthe constitution of Virginia
for him to authorize the agents he sent out to ar-
range matters when they reached the districts; and
when they ascertained the condition of things, to
fix another day if they thought it would be better
for the election than the one fixed in the writs. It
was in pursuance of this supposed authority that
General Samuels, after reaching Norfolk, and
finding the election on the eve of transpiring,
thought it best to alter his writs from the 27th to
the 22d of December, so as to cover the election
which had already been ordered.
When this election was called originally by the
two generals, Governor Peirpoint thought it was
an infringement upon his prerogative, and he sent
a sharp telegram letting them know that he was
Governor ofVirginia, and that he would call an
election whenever the circumstances in his opin-
ion justified it. This gentleman being the mili-
tary governor of Norfolk, insisted on going on
with his election and disregarding the telegram of
the Governor.
This election seems, as I have said, to have been
under the authority of military power. These
generals undertook the exercise of rights that it
is a question whether they had the authority to
do so. Neither seemed to have conformed to the
laws of Virginia. The proclamation of General
Dix and that of General Viele, as well as the writs
of Governor Peirpoint, were in conflict with the
law of Virginia. Neither of them in any essen-
tial particular conformed to the requirements of
the law ofVirginia. Each of them seemed to have
been entirely above any embarrassment of legal
enactment of the State of Virginia.
That election was held in a disregard of the laws
ofVirginia that was truly sublime. General Dix
declared that the voting should be by ballot, when
the constitution of Virginia provides that oil, even
dumb men, shall vote vivavoce. General Viele
proclamation permits every male in the district
over the age of twenty-one to vote, when the con-
stitution ofVirginia says that a man shall reside
twelve months in the district and precinct where
he casts his vote. General Viele required the
election to be held under his supervision, and he
addressed his proclamation to only four out of
the seven counties composing this district. He
required them to return the votes to him, although
the constitution of Virginia required them to^be
returned to the county clerks. The constitution
required the Governor to issue his writs more than
ten days before the election, and to put them into
the hands of the sheriffs, who are to giVe ten
days' notice by advertisement. But these writs
did not get into the district until two days before
the election, and did not get into the hands of at
least some of the commissioners until twelve hours
before the election; and it was utterly impossible,
therefore, to have any advertisement.
But, sir, if you cast aside all form, and look
only at the essence of the thing, you find the. same
difficulty. There were 621 votes for one candi-
date, G45 for another, 116 for another, and 20 scat-
tering, making in all 1,402 votes, out of an ordi
nary poll of between eight and ten thousand.
It is doubtless true that a large number of the
voters had left the district, but it is also true that
there were more Union men in tlie district wh®
had no opportunity to vote than there wore who
had that opportunity, and that there were a great
many Unien men in various parts of the district
who were deterred from voting, and dared  (3t
vow, because of rebel guerrilla incursions.
Tire committee was of opinion in this Case,'as
it has been in every other case, that unless it could
be shown that the Union men of the district had
an opportunity of expressing their thoice at the
ballot-box it could not be said that any man wai
the choice of the Union men of the district. If,
therefore, you look at the poll itself, without re-
gard to the requirements of law, you can with ;nS
propriety, and in no just sense, say that any man
has been elected to represent the Union men of the
district; for the Union voters of the district hav®
had no opportunity of manifesting their choice.
And this applies to one of these claimants as well
as the other.
The reason why there are two men claiming the
seat is this. One of them lmd twenty-four votes
more than the other. But when the proclamation
of Governor Peirpoint came into the district they
concluded to hold the election, not by ballot but
viva voce, and in all the precincts hut one it was
held viva voce. Counting all the votes, those by
ballot and those viva voce, one man has a major-
ity; and counting only those given viva voce, the
other man has a majority; but, in the opinion of
the committee, neither of them is entitled to a seat,
and they have, therefore, reported these resolu-
tions.
The resolutions reported from the Committee
of Elections were agreed to.
VIRGINIA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the resolution
reported by the Committee of Elections in the case
of Lewis McKenzie.
The resolution reported by the committee was
read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That Lewis McKenzie is not entitled to a geat
In this House as a Representative from the seventh con-
gressional district in Virginia.
Mr. BLAIR, ofVirginia. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he defer this case until Monday; Mr.
McKenzie is not now in town. *
Mr. DAWES. If Mr. McICenzie desires to be
heard, I will do so.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. He does desire to be
heard; but not expecting the case to come up he
is not in the city at this time.
Mr. DAWES. Then I am willing that the case
shall be postponed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I move, then, to
postpone the resolution until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
TENNESSEE ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the case of John
B. Ilodgers, claiming a seat as a Representative
from the State of Tennessee.
-The committee reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That John B. Rodgcrs is not entitled to a seat
as a Representative from the State ofTennessec.
Mr. DAWES. In this case I will be very brief.
Mr. Rodgcrs claims to have been elected from a
district composed of a portion of the district now
represented by Mr. Maynarb and a portion of
that represented by Mr. Clements. After the reg-
ular election at which those gentlemen were elect-
ed, the rebel Legislature redistricted the State for
the confederate congrcss, and at.the election for
the confederate congrcss in November last, the
good Union men of the new district, disgusted
with the rebellion, voted for Mr. Rodgers for this
Congress, as he alleges. All the evidence that
any votes were given for him is embraced in the
statements connected with the report. The com-
mittee, however, could not see any foundation for
this gentleman's claim, inasmuch as the people
of the district are already represented in this Con-
gress; and they have, therefore, reported this res-
olution.
The resolution was agreed to.
CORRECTION.
Mr. MALLORY. A bill passed yesterday for
the relief of James C. Mattingly. The name of
the claimant is Ignatius C. Mattingly. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the mis-
take, which was mude by myself, be corrected.
There being no objection, the error was cor-
rected,
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the report of the
Committee of Elections asking to be discharged
