26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
rank and great sense, and they recommend such
a measure as this bill as one of pressing and ur-
gent necessity. A great many of these doctors—
I do not speak against them generally, bccause I
do not know them—but a great many of them, I
am told, cannot speak a word of English, so that
they cannot know what their patients want, nor
their patients what they tell them; but they get on
shoulder straps and go about exercising military
authority, instead of medical skill. I have had de-
tailed to me the circumstances attending the death
of one of the most lamented officers of New Eng-
land, Lieutenant Colonel Dwight, who died after
the battle of Antietam; and such was the brutality
of some of the surgeons there exercising the mili-
tary authority, that upon his death-bed he said to
the surgeon, " my woundsare your protection."
I hope, sir, that the Committee on Military Affairs
will give this subject their attention, and that the
first thing to be done will be to take these shoul-
der straps off the doctors and let them attend to
their proper and legitimate business.
The bill was read a second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
NOTICE OP A BILL. '
Mr. BROWNING gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act
to establish a territorial government for Utah, ap-
proved September 9, 1850, and to facilitate the
administration of justice in said Territory.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (No. 59J) to indemnify the President
and other persons for .suspending the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus, and acts done in pursu-
ance thereof, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the'Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (No. 592) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, and to pay interest on the publicdebt,"
approved July G, 18G2, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ARRESTS OF CITIZENS 01? DELAWARE.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If there are no
further bills or joint resolutions to be introduced,
the unfinished business of yesterday's morning
hour comes up in order, which is the resolution
of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbdrt,]
and it will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, 'flint tiie Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, directed lo inform the Senate whether Dr. John [.rut's
and VVhtteley Meiedtih, or either of them, citizens ot the
State of Delawaie, have been arrested and inipusoned in
Fort Delaware; when they were arrested and so impris-
oned ; the charges against tlioni; by whom made; by whose
orders they were ai rested and imprisoned ; and that lie com-
municate to the Senate all papeis i elating to their arrest and
imprisonment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of this resolution.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Picsidcnt, I do not know
what the mind of the Senate may be on this sub-
ject, and I hardly know my own; butl was struck
by a remaik made yesterday by the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to which 1 wish to call
the attention of the Senate, as applicable to this
matter. He said that in every free Government,
every constitutional Government, whether a re-
public or a monarchy, iis fundamental idea is a
division of power, executive, legislative, and judi-
cial. 1 agree with that entirely; and agreeing with
that, however much J may regret the exercise of
unconstitutional powers by either of them, I am
not willing that this Senate should contravene so
vital a principle as that by converting itself into
a tribunal for hearing ami adjudicating complaints
which properly and legitimately belong to the
judiciary.
If there is any grievance here, if a citizen of
Delaware, or of any other State in the Union, has
been imprisoned without right, the courts are
open, the habeas corpus is not dead, and I do not
know to what extent it is suspended. It is said
to be suspended. 1 do not understand that these
gentlemen have made any attempt to obtain relief
from the regular constituted tribunals. 1 do not
understand that they have applied for a habeas
corpus to any judge of the State of Delaware or to
any Federal judge of the district. It" (hey have
not, if, for aught that appears in this case, the j
thing is open to the regular and judicial examin- I
ation of the tribunals that are intrusted with such !
matters by the Constitution, it seems to me that
it would bean encroachment on our part upon the
functions of the judiciary for us to undertake to
act upon this matter in a judicial manner.
This may be said to be a prima facie view of the
case, which settles it; but I am willing to go fur-
ther. My views upon this subject are as well
known as those of so humble an individual as my-
self could be. I have regretted the exercise of
this power from first to last; but, sir, I will say
that where the emergencies of the country are
such, and the condition of things is such, as to
justify a resort to extraordinary proceedings for
the safety of the Government, I am willing that
the Executive should act upon that old maxim,
which, translated into plain English, is, "the safety
of the Republic is the supreme law." I confess,
for myself, that nothing in the whole history of
the war has so embarrassed me, has left me in
such doubt what course to take and to pursue, as
questions of this character. I have as earnest a
desire for the preservation of the Constitution in
all its integrity as anybody else; and it matters not
to me whether victory or defeat attends our arms,
if, when the war is over, it does not leave us a
constitutional Government. We are at war for
that, sir; and I hope we shall make every sacrifice
that is necessary to sustain it. That being our
object and our end and our aim, I would not now,
while the enemy is in the field, and while the con-
tingencies of battle are pending, and the issues of
life or death are suspended upon the result, im-
pede or hinder those who are charged with the
execution of the laws by inquiries which are not
vital to the Government. I do not look upon this
as so, because 1 believe it is one that belongs to
the judiciary to examine and settle; and if any-
body has made an attempt to apply that remedy
and has failed. it will be time enough then to look
to some ulterior course.
It is said,the habeas corpxis issuspended. There
was sent to me the other day a pamphlet from the
State of Vermont giving the result of some pro-
ceedings there, by which it did not seem that the
habeas corpus was entirely suspended there. I do
not know the case particularly; i read it over; but
if I recollect it aright, the habeas corpus was issued
by the judge to the marshal, the marshal under-
took to deny its authority, and ho was fined, I
think, a pretty large sum, by the judge; and finally
it was adjusted, I do not exactly know how.
Mr. COLLAMER. He paid the fine.
Mr. HALE. The fine was paid and the mar-
shal submitted to the authority of the court. Now,
sir, I do not know, I have not heard, I have seen
nothing that would go to show that the judicial
tribunals were not just exactly as open to the
citizen of Delaware as they were to the citizen of
Vermont.
Mr. SAULSBURY. - Will the Senator allow
me to ask him whether a case has not occurred in
his own State, where a person arrested petitioned
for the writ of habeas corpus, and the marshal made
applications the Secretary of War, whomstruct-
edhim to hold the prisoner, and if any attempt was
made in New Hampshire to release him to call
upon the military authority to support him ?
Mr. HALE. I cannot answer.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have seen in the papers
a statement of such a case as occurring in New
Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I cannot answer. I can simply
say that I do not understand the case to have been
so at all; but any knowledge that I have is not
derived from having been connected with the case
in any way.
Mr. COLLAMER, (to Mr. Hale.) It was the
same case that you spoke of, m Vermont.
Mr. HALE. No; he means another one. He
speaks of Doctor Batchelder. I do not know what
the particular facts of that case were, but I do not
understand them to be as implied in the question
of the Senator from Delaware.
As I said, sir, this is a question that to my mind
is full of embarrassment, and I am not prepared
at the present time to act upon it." I am prepared,
however, to say that it would be premature and
ill-timed for the Senate to undertake to interfere
in a judicial proceeding until the party seeking
redress has exhausted the judicial remedy, which
1 do not undeistand to be the fact in this case. I
move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire admits the definition which I
gave of free Government, that it consisted in the
subdivision of the three several great powers of
Government into three coordinate branches, who
constituted the different classes of agents; but he
attempts to turn it against me by replying that
therefore the Senate, m a matter of this kind where
it belongs to the judicial function to redress the
wrong, ought not to take any step in the matter.
If I were asking the Senate of the United States
to order the Executive to discharge these men
from confinement, there might be force in his
objection. As it is, it seems to me it is entirely
illusory.
The honorable Senator says there has been no
application in the case to show that the writ of
habeas corpus did not reach or that the judicial
power could not remedy the evil which lias been
imposed uponthese men. Mr. President,anyone
who will take the trouble to read either our own
writers or foreign publicists must know that m
that form and structure of Government which con-
stitutes free Government the judiciary is the fee-
blest power by far. It has no political power
whatever. It has no acting power except by way
of restraint. It is in the power both of the exec-
utive and the legislative. Our own commentaries
on the Constitution and the Federalist develop
thatthroughout, and 1 think the progress of events
has shown that necessarily it will always be so.
It requires in emergencies to be sustained.
Now, whatis the state of facts here? The Pres-
ident of the United States—rightly or wrongly is
immaterial; I am not going to enter into that dis-
cussion—-has asserted the right to dispense with
the law which requires the habeas corpus to be is-
sued in any case of judicial arrest. He has claimed
that right; he has exercised that right. He has
openly, through the Secretary of War, issued a
proclamation which virtually subverts this Gov-
ernment, if carried out in practice; because the Sec-
retary of War is authorized to appoint an indefi-
nite number of men, constituting a corps of provost
marshals, who are to have the right, in addition to
their military duties, to arrest any citizen through-
out the country for indefinite charges, and to call
in military aid to sustain their action; and they
are to report to the central authority at Washing-
ton, and hold the party in custody subject to the
orders of that central authority. There is no law
which authorizes such an organization as that. If
the judiciary attempt to intervene, as in the case
of the prisoner at Fort Warren, the bayonet of the
soldier rejects the service of the writ upon the mil-
itary commandant who has possession of the pris-
oner. The judiciary, then, are powerless for re-
dress; and under this asserted right on the part of
the President, that feeblest department of the Gov-
ernment being powerless to redress individual
wrong, if the legislative branch, which is equally
powerful with the executive, are not to interpose
by calling for the information, the facts, and by
the expression of their opinion, if it be necessary,
when the facts are returned to them, what protec-
tion has the citizen against the aggressions of ex-
ecutive power ? How can a Government be a free
Government, where, when the judiciary is put at
defiance, the legislature unites in saying to the
citizen, "You shall have no investigation; you
may be arrested by officers unknown to the law,
indefinite in numbers, on offenses unknown to the
laws, not described, for disloyal practices, which
may mean anything that an executive officer
pleases; you may be arrested not only by the or-
der of a functionary at Washington, who, from
his position, may be supposed to have ability to
exercise some discretion, but you may be arrested
at the discretion of any one of his subordinate
deputies, and an investigation is not to be made
by any other tribunal than by an ex parte return
made in your absence, and without any power of
investigation on your part, to the central author-
ity at Washington If the proclamation of the
President of the 26th of September be carried out,
and taking the general facts that have occurred as
matters of history, that is the state of things and
the power claimed by the Executive.
Sir, I consider that power a subversion of this
Government. I consider it also unnecessary; and
though the honorable Senator says that while we
are engaged in war he would not call for any ac-
count from the executive department for its ac-
tions, I submit there is a wide distinction there.
I am asking nothing in reference to the continu-
ance of the war. I am seeking not to embarrass
