1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ 27
f*
in
the Government in reference to the prosecution of
the war; but war certainly can be in the present,
as it has been in the past, prosecuted without
trampling upon the rights of the individual citizen
at home, and in States which are entirely untainted
by anything like resistance to the authority of the
Federal Government. Clearly, it has nothing
whatever to do with the war; it can have no pos-
sible connection with the war when we ask the
President for the evidence on which a man has
been committed to prison, and ask it on the rep-
resentation of his Senators that he is a respectable
and loyal man. It seems to me that if neither
branch of Congress will exercise the authority of
asking from the Executive the grounds and rea-
sons on which a man is detained in prison on in-
definite charges, for an indefinite period of time,
solely by virtue of executive authority, when that
executive authority has practically and openly
asserted the right to hold persons for an indefinite
period of time withoutinvestigadon, withoutpub-
ic trial—if we abandon our functions here of call-
ing for the evidence on which this is done—this
Government is no longcrafree Government; it is
simply a despotism in the hands of a bureau aris-
tocracy at Washington.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, allusion has been
made to a case in New Hampshire. I am familiar
with that case, and I should like to state it for the
information of the Senate. One Doctor Batchel-
der, in July last, as the evidence of twelve respect-
able men of -Kis town found, put himself at the
head of a gang of twenty men, with muskets in
their hands, and marching by the post office,
where the flag of the country was suspended, de-
liberately shot at it. They went a little past the
post office, and then turning round and coming
back, they tore the flag down and carried it away,
declaring that the Government of Jeff. Davis was
a better Government than that of the United States.
The citizens were aggravated, but no notice was
taken of the affair or of the conduct of the doctor
until some time in November, when the citizens
of that, town met in meeting for the purpose of
raising their quota of volunteers for the service.
The doctor went deliberately into the meeting,
opposed the raising of volunteers, and deliberately
said that if they volunteered two thirds of them
would be killed and go to hell, and the town would
take no care of their families and make no pro-
vision for them.
Upon the knowledge of this conduct coming to
the ears of the Chief Magistrate, application was
made to the Secretary of War, and an order was
made to the marshal to arrest the doctor. He
was arrested and confined in Fort Constitution.
Application was then made to the chief justice of
the State for a habeas corpus to bring the doctor
before him. The chief justice granted the writ.
The writ was served upon the marshal, and there-
upon the marshal took the advice and direction
of the Secretary of War and of the judge advo-
cate, which was to inform the chief justice of the
facts in the case, and that the President had sus-
pended the writ, and that he would not be liber-
ated ; and if further proceedings were had he might
apply to the military if necessary. I went with
the marshal before the chief justice. I laid be-
fore the chief justice the aggravated conduct of
this man; how he had shot at the flag, how he
had torn it down and carried it away, and how
he had obstructed the enlistment of soldiers. A
motion was then made before the chief justice
by the counsel for the doctor for an attachment
against the marshal for not producing the body.
The chief justice decided that he would not grant
an attachment in such a case as that; that he
would have no controversy with the Government
upon that matter, and that he would dismiss the
case; and he did dismiss it. Thereupon repre-
sentation was made to the Secretary of War that
the doctor had expressed himself somewhat peni-
tent, and desired to be relieved from his confine-
ment, and would behave better in future. The
Secretary of War made an order that if he gave
bond for his appearance when wanted for trial,
and would behave better, he might go. He as-
sented and was discharged. That was the end of
the case.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, I suppose we all regret that it is necessary
to make these arrests. The President of the
United States and the members of his Cabinet have
regretted this necessity quite as much as any of us
could regret it. These arrests have been made
upon probable cause. I do not believe that any
man with a loyal heart in his bosom can charge
those who are administering this Government
with having wantonly violated the rights of any
man or of any set of men by these arrests. I know
that representations have been made of the con-
duct of men in various parts of this country, that
should subject them to arrest, where the public
good required their arrest, whom the Government
has often refrained from arresting, and that, too,
because the arrests are distasteful to the Govern-
ment and distasteful to the people. Senators may
arraign the Government for its action, but that
action has been for the holy purpose of saving our
menaced country. I do not regret the arrests.
I do regret the necessity for them. I thank the
Administration for arresting men dangerous to my
country, and 1 am ready to share the odium, if
odium be cast upon it, for arresting the assassins
of the Union.
Sir, we sat here before the 4th of March, 1861,
and the other side of this Chamber was filled with
traitors. We knew they were traitors. We knew
that Jefferson Davis and his compeer® in the crime
of treason were traitors then, as well as we know
it now. We knew that while sitting here with
oaths upon their lips to support the Constitution,
they were meeting in secret conclave in this city,
plottingfor the overthrow of th&sGovernment and
the dismemberment of their country. Weknew
that there was a secretassociation, and that persons
connected with this Senate were members of that
association, which was organized and met often
for the purpose of plotting for the overthrow of
the Government and the destruction ofthe country,
here in the capital of the Republic. This asso-
ciation was in communication with men in Balti-
more, in Philadelphia, in New York, and in other
portions ofthe country. These things were known
before the 4th of March, and no arrests were made
lawfully or unlawfully.
Sir, when the rebellion broke out in civil war,
what did we find ? This city was full of spies,
full of persons giving information to those who
were endeavoring to destroy their country. It was
so in Baltimore. Leading men were using their
influence, and organizingand combining to destroy
their country. There were men in Philadelphia,
in New York, and in other portions of the coun-
try, who were spies upon the Government, who
were giving information to the enemy; ay, sir,
and men who were, for money, selling articles to
rebels to be used to murder men who were uphold-
ing the cause of their country. One of the first
arrests made by the Administration was of a per-
son who was selling rifle caps to men in rebellion
against the country. The Government found that
we had not laws that could cover all these cases,
under which they could be indicted, tried, and
convicted. I think the Congress of the United
States has failed to enact laws that would reach
many of those cases, and I think we had better
address ourselves to the passage of such laws than
to arraigning the administrators of the Govern-
ment who have honestly acted to save the life of
the nation.
It was said here yesterday by the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Dooltttle] that he understood
that, when these arrests were made, if the persons
arrested would take the oath of allegiance to the
Government, they were discharged. That state-
ment was substantially true. Persons who would
take the oath of allegiance to the Government,
and who would agree not to do anything against
the Government of the country, have been gen-
erally discharged and promptly discharged; and
some persons arrested under probable cause have
been discharged after refusing to take the oath of
allegiance, and refusing to abstain from efforts to
destroy their country. Calhoun Eenham, who
was arrested, was let off on the application of
Union men from the State of Kentucky, and to-
day lie is leading men to overthrow the Govern-
ment of the country and murder its defenders. At
the same time a Mr. Smith was arrested, and since
then he fell whilst fighting against the country.
Other persons have been arrested about this city
and in the country who are to-day in the land of
the rebellion doing all they can against their i
country, after having been discharged, and some j
of them after having promised to be faithful to I
their country. I
Sir, what would have been the condition of !
things if the Government had failed to make these
arrests? We appropriate money; we summon
our men from all portions of our country to raHy
around the flag of the Republic and peril their lives
on the field of battle, and they go forth to the de-
fense of the nation; and there are meii scattered
all over the Union who are spies upon their Gov-
ernment, ready to communicate any information
to the enemies of the country, ready to trade with
the enemies of the country and furnish poWderand
ball and steel to take the lives of our brave soldiers.
It is these arrests, and the fear of these arrests, that
have prevented the rebels from buying powderand
arms and cannon and the munitions of war in
Philadelphia, in New York, in Boston, and in
other portions of our country, and have driven
them to the ports of England, and to the other
ports of Europe, to procure munitions of war.
The moral power of these arrests in favor of our
country cannot be measured here in the Senate.
They were just as necessary as the bayonets of
your soldiers in the field, and they were part of
the means of the Government for the preservation
of the Constitution and the Union, and the life of
this nation. I am not for apologizing for them; I
stand by them; and I hope the Government will
not shrink from making arrests whenever any
man shows probable cause that he is in the inter-
ests of this rebellion against the country. I hope
the Government will not shrink before this mis-
representation of the purposes of the Government,
but will march right straight forward and onward,
and use the Army of the country, the power of the
country, to overthrow the armies of the traitors,
and arrest the sympathizers with the rebellion
who are committing overt acts, wherever they
may be found.
I remember that one of the chiefs of the rebel-
lion in the Senate, at the called session of Congress,
stood up here day after day and denounced the
Government for the exercise of arbitrary powers,
because the Government was putting forth all its
strength and all its powers to save the country,
and then turned his back upon us and went into tire
field, and is now leveling bayonets against the
lives of our soldiers and' the life of the nation.
The ear of the Senate is weary with these appeals
in the interests of treason.
Sir, since God created man there has never been
such regard for humanity as this Government has
shown during this rebellion. Where, in any age
or in any country, did a rebellion spring up, false,
treacherous, and devilish in all its aspects, during
which no men were arrested, tried, and executed ?
This Government has taken no life except in battle
during this war. Twenty months have now nearly
passed away since the menfronj my State, hurry-
ing to the defense of this capital, were murdered
in the streets of Baltimore; and from that day to
this, although there are spies and traitors and
men furnishing munitions of war to the rebels in
arms against the country,this Administration has
taken not one human life. Sir, it is the first time
in the history of the. world that there has been
such regard for humanity and for human life, and
such tenderness towards men in rebellion against
their country. As there has never been a rebellion"
so causeless, so false, so treacherous, and wicked
as this, so there has never been any civil war in
which those who have administered the Govern-
ment acted with so much humanity, so much con-
sideration, and so much tenderness. The coun-
try knows this, the world knows it. In spite of
all this, when we are struggling for life, when our
armies are in the field, when the question is not
determined whether this nation shall survive or
perish, the Congress of the United States is to be
the theater in which the Government is to be ar-
raigned for doing its duty to save the country.
Sir, I regard all this in or out of Congress as not
the voice of that patriotism that believes in the jus-
tice of our cause, and is ready to peril all to save
the nation. While I regret the necessity for these
arrests, while I would be careful howl made them,
I say whether we have laws or have not laws,
when any man or any woman is doing the work
of treason, whether in the confederate States or
in the loyal States, I hope the hand of this Gov-
ernment will be laid upon that person, and that he
or she will be kept from doing harm, if not con-
victed and punished.
I hope that the Senate of the United States will
not thrust such resolutions as this into the faces
of men who are toiling night and day, who are
