THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^weaucg dt-op« of blood in their struggle |[ tribunal to which we can appeal is the Congress
to save the country. I hone that this im nimn IS r,fM10 rr. * ^ 
December 9,
to sav> the country/ I hope that this resolution
will be laid upon the table. I hope that this res- i
ojution, and ail resolutions of similar character, j
offered in this body or in the other, will not re- ;
r.eive the sanction of either House of Congress. '
I go further, and if my voice could be potential I
would say to the President, " be watchful, be vig-
ilant, arrest no man without probable cause, but
when any man gives evidence that he is in any
way plotting or laboring against his country, ar-
rest that man, and hold him until he repents, or
until the flag of the Republic waves in triumph
over every foot of our soil," Sir, that is my sen-
timent, and i am ready to stand by it, whetlmr
it be popular or unpopular, for I believe it to be
necessary for th? salvation of my country.
Mr. SAULSBURY. ] do not doubt, sir, that
since the commencement of this revolution there
have been persons who have so acted that they
ought to have been arrested; but they ought to
have been arrested according to law, ti ied uccord-
mg to law, and, if found guilty of any act of trea-
son, or any crime against the Government, pun-
ished according to law, I am not here to offer an i
excuse for any man who has raised his hand
against the Constitution or Government of the
United States; but 1 am here as a humble Sen-
ator on this floor, to ask that the citizens of a State
whose loyally has never been questioned, that the
citizens of a State vvho the President of the United
States has said in his annual message started light
from the beginning, shall not be (.rented as though
they were violators of the Constitution of the
country, and plotting the destruction of the Union.
If any of the citizens of Delaware soaet, let them
be arrested according to law, tried according to
law, convicted according to law, and punished ac-
>rdmg to law. But, sir, if citizens of that State
- - - ~v,., VM Ulcll OIULK
are arrested and are placed in the forts of your
country, without any knowledge on their part, or
on the part of their friends, of the causes of their
arrest, shall 110 voice be raised in their behalf?
When, by n presidential proclamation, that great
wilt of right, which two hundred years ago was
passed to relieve one humble subject of Great
Britain from wrongful imprisonment, 13 sus-
pended; when, even 111 a State perfectly loyal, it
would be fruitless to apply for the benefit of that
\vrit, I ask, sir, shall not the representatives of
that State ask of this Government the cause of the
auest of its citizens? The resolution does not
pass judgment upon the act of arrest; the resolu-
tion does not say whether there was cause for the
ai lest; itsimply inquires whether there was cause,
and, if so, what that cause is.
Til e Sena tor frotji Massachusetts [Mr. Wu.so.\'l
has spoken of what occuned here before the act
of secession of the rebellious States, and he has
told us that secret councils were held liere. 1 have
lieard of that; it is very probable that the state- I
ment is true; but for one, sir, I never had any i
personal knowledge of the fact. I never was in
any caucus of the kind; 110 citizen of my State
1 apprehend, was ever in any caucus of that kind; !
certainly these two gentlemen that are now, as 1 !
believe, wrongfully detained in Fort Delaware !
were in 110 caucus of that kind; and I have yet to '
find the first man in that State whoeither justifies !
the secession of the States which have seceded or *
who wishes his own State to embark in the work i
of secession. ;
But, sir, we feel particularly aggrieved in our 1
btate, and we have just cause for so feeline; be-
cause, without any attempt on the part of our cit-
izens at any time to resist the Federal Govern- i
ment, or to resist the execution of a Federal law !
they are subject, to arrests, not only by order from' !
the city of Washington, but are subject to arrests 1
by irresponsible men in the adjoining counties of I
Maryland, who may, for aught we know, be act- i
mg without any authority at all from rfie Depart-
ments at Washington. We want to know sir
by what authority these men have been arfested-
because, I apprehend, if no authority was g-iven'
from a commanding officer of the Army, or from
a Department at Washington, to arrest our citi-
zens, when these Maryland home guards invaded
our State to nab our citizens, the taking of t' e
lives of SUCH men would not only be justified bv
t.ie law of tlie land, but be justified by the iudg^
ment of the God of heaven. I am aware that u
hn £T V t!)e, 16 to know to what, in
kiate, we have been subjected; and the only
of the United States. The cnurtsare shutagainst
our citizens by presidential proclamation. Two
hundred years ago it was not thought unbecom-
ing to addressthe British Parliament in reference
to the illegal imprisonment of a humble subject
of thatgreat kingdom, one Francis Jenkins, who
was imprisoned by order of the privy council of
England;and Parliament, being in session, passed
the great act giving to the subject a right to the
writ of habeas corpus, and under that act he was
broughtout; and thus, says a great English com-
mentator, the wrongs inflicted upon one humble
subject were the cause of the passage of this great
bulwark of human liberty.
Now, sir, if it is not said, we are left to infer,
from the remarks which have been made, that
there is a design here to attack the Government.
I, sir, know of no such design. What, is the
Government of the United States?' It is that sys-
tem of government which is created by the Con-
stitution of the United States, and it is 110 public
functionary of this Government, high or low. I
apprehend, sir, that human freedom, that civil
rights, have not been so far forgotten or ignored
that it is not right to complain of any oppressive
act of any department of the Government, or of
any administration of the Government. If so,
there is an end to all liberty, and no man has
any rights under the Constitution which can be
respected.
But, sir, I will not trouble the Senate longer on
this question. I simply wish to have a vote on
the resolution. When I offered the resolution, I
did not intend to say anything in reference to it;
but while I have a seat 011 the floor of the Senate,
I snail not acquit myself truly if, in the discharge j
of my duty to my fellow-citizens, whenever 1 bo- j
neve Ilia' their constitutional rights are wrong- j
fully trampled upon, I shall not,"m their behalf, j
make that known to the Senate, and ask for such >
redress as 1 believe it is within the constitutional i
competency of this Senate to grant. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion to lay the reso- !
Iution 011 the table. j
Mr. FIELD rose and addressed the Chair. !
1 lie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is 1
not advised that a motion to lay on the table has I
yet been mtide.
Mr. HALE. It was made long a°"0. I
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the debate was out I
of order. |
Mr. HALE. The motion was made some time il
since by me. j;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Chair j!
bad been advised of that fact, the debate would |!
have been arrested, for that is not a debatable i1
question. [j
Mr. HALE. I should have done it, but I j:
thought it would not be decorous in me, as I had <!
made some remarks, and concluded with the mo- !l
tion to lay the thing 011 the table. h
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair !|
would inquire of the Senator from New ILimp- ;i
shire if he made the motion that this resolution l|
fie on the table ? H
Mr' s!r'vpl"y distinctly.
Mi. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion, to allow the Senator from
N cw Jersey [Mr. 1< ield] to say wliathehas to say.
several bENATORs. Certainly.
H wil! be better 10 vote down the
motion, if the Senate chooses.
hnf1'6 J|R^SfDE^Tpro tempore. The question
the t fb ;  n t0 f' " ShaU the resoluti°" l'e on
a« demanded mOUOn ^ yeaS a"d
S}>e 5fJTa® :l"1' na>'s were ordered.
from\ew ' 1 mUSt appeaI t0 my friend
Hampshire to withdraw his motion, in
'hat the Senator from New Jersey may have
an opportunity to be heard. y
1. CHANDLER. Let him be heard by
unanimous consent.
w;n'h0||PfESJ:-PENT pro temP°re■ The Clerk
will call the roil.
T''e Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, when his name was called,
said: 1 am against the resolution"; but if the Sen-
ator from New Jersey desires to sneak, and 1 un-
derstand that he does, I vote " nay."
The result of the vote was announced ~yeas 3
nays 40; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Hale, and Wilkinson—3. !
-Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Bayard, Browning
llamcr, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fct,i,eti'
I Tl 01*11 1? A h* t ll k1 /Ifltll A.I ( 1 A ^ 1 ... I n   VI .
NAYS- 
Clark, Collamer, .n>, u.iv^,iyimu, i/uoiune, t'cst>en-
deu, Field, Foot, Foster, Grimes. Harlan. Harris, Hender-
son, Howard, Howe, Kennedy. Kins, Lane of Indiana
Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDougali, Morrill, Nesmith'
Pomeroy, Powell, Salisbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Evck'
Trumbull, Willey, Wilniot,.Wilson.ofMassacliusett5, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Wright-—40.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table, and the question recurred upon its adop-
tion.
Mr. FIELD. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purposeof entering at large into the discussion
of this subject, but simply to say a single word
in justification of the vote which I am about to
give. I voted, sir, against laying this resolution
on the table, because I desire, for one, to see the
Senate meet it fairly; but I feel constrained to vote
against the adoption of the resolution iiself.
Mr. President, the Constitution of the United
States provides that the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended unless in case of rebellion or
invasion; in other words, the Constitution of the
United States provides that it shall he suspended
in case of rebellion or invasion when the public
good requires it. It is, sir, I admit, an extraor-
dinary power; it is a tremendous power; and,
rely upon it, the framers of that instrument, who,
if they were jealous of one thing more than an-
other, were jealous of the rights of man, would
never have inserted such a provision in that instru-
ment had not their far-reaching wisdom foreseen
that the day might come when the salvation of
the country depended upon the exercise of such
a power.
Now, Mr. President, by whom that nower is
to be exercised, whether by the President of the
United States himself or by Congress, is a ques-
tion about which 1 can very well understand that
men may differ; and if the object of the resolution
offered by the Senator from Delaware was to raise
that question, I, for one, should be willing to give
to it the most respectful consideration. I believe
that the President has that power; I believe that
|j It is ail executive power; and I believe thut-uriless
ij that power is to be construed as an executive
jl lather than a legislative power, much of its effi-
,j cacy might be destroyed; but that is a question
|| about which men may differ. Some of the most
ij distinguished jurists in our land, we know, have
,| taken difleient views with regard to that question;
j| and if theie is any real difficulty in regard to that
matter, undoubtedly it ought, if possible, to be
ij removed by the action of Congress with regard
!' to it. °
jj But now, sir, I am assuming that the President
j; oftne United States has the power,under the C011-
i; stitution, of suspending the writ of Aabeas corpus;
U ana I submit to these gentlemen whether, if we
Ij consent to entertain and adopt such a resolution
ji as that which they have offered, it is not a prac-
j! tical nullification of that provision of the Consti-
ji tution; because, if a resolution is proper in the case
;| of these individuals from Delaware who have been
j| arrested and imprisoned, why may it not be of-
j fered w any other case? What do they call upon
, t.ie President to do? They call upon the Presi-
I dent to state the grounds upon which these indi-
| viduals have been arrested, and the evidence in
I support of the charges made against them. In
I other words, they are to be tried before the Sen-
j ate of the United States; and if the Senate, after
j hearing all the evidence and all the information
j upon which the President has acted in ordering
their arrest, should be of opinion that they were
. improperly arrested, they will be acquitted anil
j discharged; and if they were properly arrested, ahe
! President will be justified and sustained. In other
words, the Senators from Delaware, on behalf of
two of their fellow-citizens, whom thev believe,
have no doubt honestly, to have been improp-
erly arrested, ask the Senate to try these men for
the purpose of ascertaining whether they have
been properly arrested or not. Well, now. Mr.
President, if these men are entitled to a ttial at
all, this is not the place where they ought to be
tried. If they are entitled to a trial at all, they
ought to be tried before the ordinary tribunals of
the country. '■ But," say the gentlemen, " how
are they to be tried befoie the ordinary tribunals
of the countiy ? They have been arrested without
warrant; without due course of law; 110 charges
have been preferred against them; they cannot be
tried. Mr. President, strip this now of all its
eloquence, and what does it amount to? Whv,
