1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that a statement of the circumstances should be
here broughtto their notice. I have therefore pre-
pared from the official records of the House a
brief synopsis of the cases, to which I merely
wish to call the attention of members.
CASE OP COLONEL BAKF.R.
On the 24th day of December, 1846, Edward D.
Baker appeared and took his seat us a member of
the House from the State of Illinois.
On the same day the Speaker laid before the
House the following communication (House Jour-
nal, p. 91:)
House o? Representatives, u. S.,
December iM, 1846.
Silt: I have tlie honor to announce that I have forwarded
to his excellency the Governor of the State of Illinois my
resignation as a member of the House of Representatives,
to take effect from the 15*h of January, or sooner, il'my suc-
cessor shall appear and take his seat.
Verv respecuutiy, vour obedient servant.
E. D. BAKER.
Hon. J. W. Pavis,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
On the 28th of December, four days afterwards,
Colonel Baker introduced a resolution directing
the delivery to himself of the clothing for his en-
tire regiment, (upon which a debate somew4iat
personal ensued,) and which was adopted by the
House. (Globe, p. 94.)
On the following day, on motion of Mr. Stark-
weather, accompanied by some personal remarks,
the resolution was reconsidered, and the subject
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
(Journal, p. 101; Globe, p. 95.)
' On the succeeding day, December 30, Mr.
Starkweather again made an explanation, and
showed double payments to Colonel Baker, as
a Representative and Army officer; and Mr.
Schenck announced a purpose of moving a reso-
lution of inquiry, by the Committee of Elections,
as to Colonel Baker's right to hold his seat; and
in the course of the debate which ensued thereon, j
Colonel Baker was so pressed that he arose from i
his seat and said: i
uMr. Speaker, I nowiesign myscat a* a Representative i
from the seventh dutiict, in the State of Illinois, in the 1
Twenty-Ninth Congies<.—Journal, p. 112; Globe, pp 99, :
100. |
Six days after this unqualified resignation, on
the 5th of January, 1847, Mr. Schenck offered the
following resolution as a question of privilege:
uResolved, Thai the Committee of Elections he instructed
to inquire and leport to this? House whether Hon. Edward
D. IJ.ikor, a Representative from the s?tate of Illinois, hav-
ing accepted a comninMon a* «*olonel of volunteer in the
Auny of tiie United States, and beine in the seiviee of, and
lecetving compensation from, the Government of the Uni-
ted States as such Army officer, has been entitled, since the
acceptance and exeicHCof said military appointment, to a
seat as a member of this House."
The Speaker decided that the member whose
name is mentioned in the resolution having re-
signed his seat as a member of this House, the
question, though an abstract question of privilege,
is not such a question involving the privileges of
any existing member of this House as wiil take
precedence of all other business.
The question, however, was pat, "Will the
House agree to the said resolution?" and it was
decided in the affirmative. (Journal*, p. 136.)
From the Globe of the same date, (page 115,)
it appears that Mr. Schenck appealed from the
Speaker's decision for the mere purpose of argu-
ment on the mam question, and that, in the course
of a debate which sprung upon the appeal, the case
of Mr. Newton, as successor to Colonel Yell, of
Arkansas, was referred to, and the merits of the
question in that ease also were touched upon.
Thus the question of privilege was referred after
two attempts at resignation.
CASE OF COLONEL YELL.
During the first session of the Twenty-Ninth
Congress, Hon. Archibald Yell served as a Rep-
resentative in Congress for the State of Arkansas.
Subseqently Mr. Yell accepted a commission as
colonel of State volunteers, and as such entered
the actual military service of the United Suites
in the war with Mexico. While he was so en-
gaged, at the second session of said Congress, on
the 5th day of February, 1847, Thomas W. New-
ton presented to the House his certificate of elec-
tion as a Representative from Arkansas, in place
of Mr. Yell, who had neither resigned or been
voted out by the House, and asked to be sworn
as a member. Mr. George W. Jones objected,
and offered the following resolution:
uResolved, That Thomas \X, Newton having presented
credentials of life election as a membei of this House from
the State of Arkansas, and the House having received no
Information of the death, resignation, or disqualification ol
Archibald Yell, heretofore elected and qualified as a mem-
ber of the Twenty-Ninth Congress, the said credentials be
referred to the Committee of Elections, and that the said
committee report theieon at the earliest practicable day."
—House Journal, page 305.
In support of his resolution, Mr. Jones is re-
ported to have said:
'* Suppose Archibald Yell, whom the House well knew
as a member at the last session, should present himself here
to-morrow, or perhaps fifteen minute* after Mr. Newton
should have been qualified and taken his seat, what aspect
of things would this House present? There would be two
members elected to till one seat. All that he desired was
that the matter might be looked into. If there was a va-
cancy, of cour>e the gentleman who now piesented him-
self would take his «eat. But, until the point of fact was
settled, he did not suppose the House,in justice to itselfor
the country, could permit this gentleman to take a seat to
which, so faras his information extended, another gentle-
man was, to all intents and purposes, entitled."
After further debate,
" Mr. Thomasson moved to amend the resolution of Mr.
! Jones, by striking out all after the word 1 resolved,' and
inserting the following:
" That Thomas W. Newton, who now presents his cro-*
dentials of election, as a member of Congress fioui the State
of Arkansas, be sworn a* a member, and take his seat: and
that the credentials of his election be relet red lu the Com-
mittee of Elections.
" Mr. Douglas rose, he said, merely to inquire of the
Chair wnether the President of the United State*, had not
this mo: ning, by message, announced the fact that Mr. Yell
was a colonel of volunteers, now serving in Mexico.
The Spevker. The Chaii is not aware that such a
communication has been made this morning. Some days
ago the President did send in a communication on this
subject.
" Mr. Dopgt,as. Announcing the fact that Mr. Yell was
commanding a legiment in Mexico?
44 The Speaker. To the best of the recollection of the
Chair, it is *o Hut the Chair speaks from recollection only.
4i Mr. Dougl \ i. That being the fact, I hope the gentle-
man will bo t-worn in."
The debate was extended, involving the ques-
tion '6f the incompatibility of a colonelcy of vol-
unteers and a Representative's seat, (Globe, vol.
IT, pp. 339,340,341,) during which the message
of the President, above alluded to, seems to have
been read, when, the leport says:
It now appeared, b\ an official statement made in reply
to a call of the House. In the Adjutant General, ol tin - names
of member-ot Corn ie- -  who had icccivcd commissions and
been mustered into the seivice of the United States, that
Atclnbald Yell was among tin* number.
'•As t-oon <i«  tins document was i cad. member*, ivithdrow
all opposition
"The amendment of Mr. Thomas^on was asiecd to; and
thus amended the resolution was adopted,and Mr. Newton
took his seat."—Globe, v«d. 1", p. 311; Journal, p. 306.
^Fehruaiy 2T, 1847. Mi. McCauehey, as a question of
pi iviiege fiom the Committee of Elections ot whom Hon.
llannibal Hamlin wa- chain nan, to which was refetred, by
the 11* >!ii!ion of the llou-c, the question of Ediv.ud I).
Baker's right to a *eat as a Representative from the ritate of
Illinois, in theTwenty-Ninth Congress, and also thenghtof
Thomas VV. Newton to a Miat the Representative fiom
the state ol Arkansas, in place of Archibald Yell, made the
following report: (Globe, vol. 17. p 527; [louse Journal, p.
438.)
'•The Committee of Elections, t« whom were referred
two resolutions of the House—the first of winch was adopt-
ed on the 2d [5th] January, lb 17, and required the commit-
tee to inquiie and teport whether Hon. lldward 0. Kulu-r,
a Representative fiom the State of Illinois, bavmafiee* pted
a_coramission as colonel of volunteeis in the Aimy of the
Lnited Slates, and being m the seivice of and receiving
compensation from the Government of the United States as
sueh Aimy officer, has been entitled,since the acceptance
and exeieise of said military appointment, to a seat a« a
member of the Hou^e ofllepie^entnuvevjtlic M^eond, adopt-
ed on the 6th day of the present month, by which Thomas
VV. Newton was admitted to a seat and sworn into office a*,
a member of tins Congress, and Ins credentials of election
referred to this committee—icpoit:
"That, undei the second resolution, they have inquired
into and ascertained the following to be the facts: that
Archibald Yell wad regularly elected as a member of the
Twenty-Ninth Congress from the State of Arkansas; that
some time in the month of July, 1846, he accepted a com-
mission as eoionel ot volunteers raided in the State of Ar-
kansas under un act of CoiK'ie-.-j, approved May 13, 184'j;
that the commission thus accepted was made out by the
State authorities, but that Colonel Veil and the volunteeis
undT htc command were, in ^aul month of July, mustered
into the -m vic< o* the United States-; that he yet continue*
in the seivice of the United States as a eoioud. and ic-
eeivcs his pay liom tue Government oi the United States.
And that Thomas \V. Newton was, on the l-'ah of Decem-
ber, 18-46. elected a Representative in the Twenty-Ninth
Congi ess fiom the State of Aikan-as. To use the language
of ins certificate ol election, he was elected • t > fill the un-
expired teun of Archibald Yell 5 The committee have no
legal evidence before them that Archibald Velf, ,u any time
before the election of Mr. Newton, lesigued his seat as a
member of Congress. The committee are of^jpinion that
the facts above enumerated present precisely the same
question for their consideration, under the second resolu-
tion, as is presented by the House in the fii^t resolution ;
and therefoie it is that the committee have thought it
proper to make a joint repoit upon bo;h resolutions.
44 The committee are of opinion that under the fifth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution of the United.
States, the House has the right to ascertain and decidc upon
alt questions of law and of fact necessary to be ascertained'
and decided in order to enable it to determine upon the right
of each individual who mav claim to be one ofjts members.
And hence, the committee* instituted an inquiry Into ttie
facta of the case referred to them by the second resolution,
for the purpose of ascertaining whether such a vacancy est-
isted as entitled the people of Arkansas to elect a successor
to Mr. Yell. >
il The committee are of opinion that the Hon. Edward IX
Baker has not been entitled to a seat as a member of thtf
Twenty-Ninth Congress since the acceptance and exercise'
of the military appointment referred to In the resolution of
the House; and that at the time of the election of Thomas
VV. Newton there existed a vacancy from the State of Ar-
kansas, occasioned by the acceptance by Archibald "Yell of
a commission to serve as a eoionel of volunteers in the'
Army of the United States.
"The sixth section of the first article of the Constitution
of the United States pi ovules that 1 no person holding any
office under the United States shall be a member of either
House during his continuance in office.  The question
then arises, are the offices which have been accepted by
these gentlemen, offices under the United Slaies} within the
meaning of the Constitution? We think they arc. If it be
urged that the commission is derived fiom the State au-
thorities, the answer is, thai a commission does not confer
the office; it is only the evulence of the right to exercise its
functions. The commissions of members of Congress, or,
in other words, their certificates of election, are deuved
fiom the State authorities. Like the colonels, whose cases
are now under consideration, their services are rendered to
the United States, and they are paid by the United States,
but their commissions are derived from the State authori-
ties. It seems to the committee that the question whether
the office Is held under the United States or under a State,
does not depend upon the question who gave the com-
mission, made the election, or conferred the appointment,
but upon the question, what are the duties to be performed,
the government for whom they are to he performed, and to
what government is the office responsible ftuv a failuie to
perforin? Testing the offices In question by this standard,
and theie can remain but veiy little doubt. These colonels
perform like services with those of the regular Army. They
are responsible to the laws of the United States for the
manner in which they discharge the duties of their offices.
" The committee believe that to hold an office in the Army
of the United States is incompatible with the office of a
member of Congress; and that, therefore, the two offices
cannot be held at the same time by the same individual;
that it is against the whole theory and spit it of our foim of
Government. The Constitution intended that the Presi-
dent should have no power to control the action ofCongress
in any respect; that it should be perfectly independent.
Now, suppose that every member of Congie^s were a colo-
nel Jti the Army in the service of the United States*, and the
President, who is, by the Constitution, the Commander-in-
Chief of that Army, should come into the Halls ot Congress
and older each individual member to retire immediately,
under the penalties inflicted for disobedience of orders, to
his po-t in the Army; what would become of Congress?
Or suppose, while Colonel Baker was making his speech
here this session, as a member, the President hap come into
this Hall and commanded him to be silent, or to retire to
his regiment in Mexico; suppose that m that speech Col-
onel Raker had spoken disrespectfully of his superior offi-
cer, the President; could he not be held responsible before
a court-martial? To enlarge upon this ajgument is useless.
To allow the two offices to be held by Hie same person
would utterly destroy the independence of Congress, and
conveit the countiv into a military despotism.
Resolved, Th.tt'Erfwaui I). Baker has not been entitled
to a seat as a member of the House ot Representatives since
the acceptance and exeteise by him of the railuarv appoint-
ment of colonel of volunteer*, from the State of Illinois, in
the sorvice of the United States.
''Resolved further, Tfi.it Thomas W. Newton is entitled
to a seat as a member of this House from the State of Ark-
ansas."
Mr. Speaker, in the face of such emphatic legis-
lative constructions, it cannot be that the House,
when brought to a conscientious vote upon the
naked question, will any further sanction, even
by sufferance, Colonel Yaftdever's pretension to
retain thisseatin such flagrant and manifest dero-
gation of the established parliamentary law, and
of the Constitution itself, i confidently proceed*,
therefore, to a brief consideration of the remain-
ing question of the case.
Was the claimant legally elected lofillthis vacancy 7
In the solution of this question, the statutes of
Iowa, which govern the election, must be the law
to this body; and its application to the undisputed
facts of this case will most conclusively vindicate
my election to the vacant seat. When did this
vacancy occur? Upon the uniform current of all
th<* authorities, State and national, legislative and
ij judicial, Colonel Yundever's seat was, by uncon-
! trollable operation of law, vacated the moment he
entered upon his incompatible office; as much and
as necessarily *o as if he had permanently removed
beyond seas. Nay, the Constitution, which id
above and beyond mere precedents,potentially de-
clares that such a Federal incumbentshall not
be a member." it is idle to say, therefore, that
he must formally resign the seat which he cannot
hold, or that the House must first negative a mem*
;! bership which the fundamental law has rendered
ll impossible. Unconstitutional pretensions are void
