THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,'
pretensions; unconstitutional rights are no rights
at afl. Colonel Vandever, then, as your Com-
mittee of Elections have declared, unquestionably
abdicated all color of right to this seat on the 30th
of August, 1861, when he assumed, through his
commission and upon his oath, the functions of i
his incompatible military office, under the man- j
date o^the Secretary of-War. What I maintain, ]
upon both reason and authority, is, that this va- j
cancy was created by the act of the member, and i
was as much an accomplished fact as though he
had formally resigned or actually died; that it
existed independent of any notification, by opera-
tion of the Constitution, and is clearly distinguish-
able from expulsion, which results from an act of
the House. In other words, it is a resignation or
abandonment in law. In the one case, the va-
cancy dates from thedisqualifyingactof the party;
in the other, from the vote of removal. The House,
therefore, do not create, but only find tho forfeit-
ure m this case. Tho law of the case is laid down
very distinctly, by a standard author, in these
words:
" A person may lose an office by the acceptance of an-
other office incompatible with that winch he already holds.
And all offices are incompatible ami inconsistent where
tliey interfere with each oilier; for that circumstance oe-
ates a presumption that they cannot both be executed with
due impartiality."—2 Crime's Digest, 110.
If the." acceptance" of Colonel Vandever's mil-
itary office under the United Status, then, was a i
loss of his congressional office, the loss anjl the
vacancy are inseparably coincident. lie cannot
legally hold an office after he has legally " lost"
it; or appropriately surrender what he has pre-
viously abandoned. In a leading case, reported
in 5 Rhode Island, page 1, the chief justice, in
deciding this point, remarks,
" That the acceptance hy the samc'pcr^on of an office
incompatible with another office held by liitn is n vnfuul
resignation of the latter office, iss well hctiled by all tho
niUhoMie*."
This point was also very clearly determined m the
ease of Colonel Baker, befote cited. On the Xf4th
of December, 1846, being a colonel of volunteers,
he tendered his resignation of membership of the
House, to take effect twenty-two days thereafter.
The House manifested restiveness at tins mdiiec-
tion; and six days afterwards he again rose in his
place, under pressure in debate, and said: " Mr.
Speaker, 1 noio resign my scat." (Journal of the
House,second session,Twenty-Ninth Congress,
page 112.) And even after all this, the llouse
unanimously referred the question, as one of priv-
ilege, after an able discussion, to their Committee
of Elections, of which Hon. Uam.vibal Hamlin*
was chairman, who unanimously reported that
lie had previously ceased to hold the sent which
he thus officiously sought to surrender at a futute
day. Bo, in the case of Colonel Yell, the same
committee, in admitting a successor who was
elected, like myself, without proclamation, say:
" The committee have no legal evidence that Archibald
Ycli, at any tune before the election ot' Mr. Newton, re-
signed his seat as a member oM.'on^ie.ss.'''
Yet his successor, Mr. Newton, was unani-
mously admitted.
This seat having been thus vacated, beyond a
question, hy the party's own act,ami there being
no provision in the h^ws of Iowa which required
its notification by or to any person or officer
whatever, the question presents itself, what was
the legal mode of filling the vacancy? Of course,
Mr. Speaker, by election of the people; but, sir,
I have been pained to observe, that many honor-
able gentlemen have apparently jumped to the im-
mature conclusion that it mustnecessai ily ho done
through tiie medium of gubernatorial proclama-
tion. Now, sii, I hate to argue agmnst the pie-
conceived opinionsof my judges; but the answer
to all such incipient objections is twofold: first,
that upon well-settled authority, wh^re a procla-
mation is really enjoined, it is regarded as so fat-
directory that its omission will not vitiate an elec-
tion actually had under the forms of law; and
secondly, and more conclusively, that the law of
Iowa does not require, or even tolerate, any such
proclamation in a case of this character.
I beg leave to call the close attention of the
House to the provisions of the statutes of Iowa,
whicli govern and control this matter, and which
are found on page 102 of the Revision of 1860, as
follows:
t( Sec. 67-2. Vacancies occuring in township office*, ton
days ; in county offices, fifteen df>ys; and m ail other pub-
lic elective offices, thirty days prior to tlie day of a general
election, shall be filled at such general election: Prodded,
That should a vacancy occur m the ofiice ot* a Representa-
tive m Congress," &c , u and the ho.iy in which the va-
cancy exists will convene in a general or extra session prior
to such election, then it *hall be the duty of the Governor
to order a special election to fill such vacancy, to be held^
at the earliest practicable tune ; and ten days' notice^ot
such election shall be given."—Revision of i860, sec. 672,
p. 102.
Here, then, Mr. Speaker, is the unambiguous,
positive provision of a general law, declaring that
a vacancy of more than thirty days' duration,
with no intervening session, shall, independently
of any and all executive action, be filled at the
general annual election, which is exactly this case.'
By this statute the Governor is only empowered
to order an election of Congressmen by procla-
mation upon the single contingency that a session
will intervene between the creation of the vacancy
and the annual election, which was not this ease^
The legislative authoiity of the State, then, had
ordained this election, had specifically fixed the
day on which it should be held, and on which it
was held, and had dispensed with any interfer-
ence whatever by the executive; so that the peo-
*ple of the district, in this instance, had the un-
qualified statutory right of choosing a successor
to their letiring Representative at the general elec-
tion on the second Tuesday of October, 1861. It
was so nominated in the bond of incompatibility;
it was so written down in the law of the State and
the people of the district availed themselves of
their high legal prerogative by electing me to the
seat. Any proclamation of the Governor for an
election upon any other day would clearly have
been illegal; and any proclamation for that day
clearly superfluous. It is true that on behalf of the
honorable gentleman from the fust Iowa district,
[Mr. Wilson,] who was elected on the same day
that I was, and like me, to fill a colom I's vacancy,
(Colonel Curtis's,) the Go\ernor of lovva went
through the unmeaning ceremony of a proclama-
tion. It is tiue, I suppose, that Colom I Curtis,
m the language of General McClernand, pei pe-
ti\u<-d the " folly " of resigning what he had pi evi-
ouslyeoased to hoId;and upon this ''absurdity,"
(for such General MoClet nand calls it,) the super-
erogatory proclamation was based.
If it be said, on behalf of my opposing friend,
who in this business embaiked m the same boat
with myself, but has been more successful in his
pilotage, that Colonel Cmtis lesigned, and Col-
onel Vandeverdid not, it is conclusively answered,
that there was no vntue whatever in such a res-
ignation, because it was quite superfluous. It
was idle to resign an abandoned seat There is
a distinction, certainly, but without a legal defer-
ence, in the cases. Essentially they uie identical.
Both the original incumbents entered the Army
as colonels; both thereby disqualified themselves
as Congressmen at the same time; both their suc-
cessors were chosen at the sameeiectton,ordained
by the same law, and tbeie cannot be found a
valid oi even plausible reason why the hoard of
eanvasseis .should have certified Mr. Wilson's
election and rejected mine; or why he should
have Hfcen admitted to the seat, which he holds,
without a question,and 1 should he lepelled after
an almost interminable contest. If my friend from
the iir.-t district predicates his election to fill Col-
onel Curtis's vacancy upon Governor Kirk wood 's
proclamation, 1 would like to hear lum name the
law, if he can, which authoiized or icquired it.
If he buses it upon the statutes of the .State, 1
would hke to have him give to the Uou.se, and to
the people of Iowa, if he can, a reasonable reason
why the same law will sanctify the same eh etion
as to him and yet nullify it as to me. The only
pietext which he will -venture to give is, that Col-
onel Curtis performed a nugatory act, and the
House must determine whether this logic can
i avail to strike down the right of election m the
people m order to discriminate between the two
Representatives of the State of Iowa. It would,
indeed, be a curious record.
Treating this vacancy, then, as an accomplished
fact, the only remaining question is, had the peo-
ple of the State of Iowa the right to recognize it
to their colleetiveand elective capacity, and to pro-
ceed to fill it nttheensuingannualelection, as pro-
vided by l&w, the Governor failing to name any
other day? I maintain the affirmative of this prop-
osition, as well upon the parliamentary code as
upon the statute lav/ of the State. There cannot
be a doubt about it. If it is still to be objected,
that the Governor's proclamation is wanting, 1 an-
swer, with General McClernand, " no actofomis-
sion or commission on the part of the executive,
can, in my opinion, deprive the people of the right
of election, or defeat it." (See letter, Mis. Doc,
No. 28, p. 14.) And I further remind you, Mr.
Speaker, that it has been frequently decided by the
House, that the right of representation cannot be
defeated or abridged by a neglect or refusal of the
State authorities to perform any directory duty in-
cumbent upon them. It was so decided by this
House in the Oregon contested case. Thus, a re-
fusal or neglect to declare a vacancy, or to issue
a proclamation, or to decide a contest within the
State, or to canvass a poll, or to post a notice, or
to issue a certificate, or even to pass any law for
an election, has never been held to operate a defeat
of the fundamental right of representation. (See
Iloge'scase, contested election, p. 135; Richaid's
case, ibid., p. 95; Bird's casp,i&id!., p. 116; Oregon
contested case during this Congress; and others.)
Applying these familiar and oft-recognized prin-
ciples to the case in hand, was the claimant of this
seat rightfully elected to fill a vacancy, by the
people of his district? I maintain that the body
of my constituency had the right to decide this
seat vacant from the moment on which Colonel
Vandever was sworn into the military service of
the United States as colonel; because the Consti-
tution, which is the supreme law in Iowa,as well
as elsewhere, says to them that in such a case
" no person shall be a member;" that is to say, if
he has not been a member when he accepts his in-
! compatible office, he shall not become such; and
; if tie has been, he shall be so no longer. The "hap-
pening" of the colonel's appointment worked a
forfeiture of his seat, irrespective of any executive
decision upon the matter. (Revision of I860, page
10; 2Ci uise's Digest, Ho; 5 Rhode Island, 1; Ben-
jamin ins. Wheeler, Mass.) I further assume that
this occurred more than thirty days prior to a gen-
eral election, and that there was to be no interven-
ing session of Congress. The Legislature of Iowa
then had already provided for the case by enact-
ing that such a vacancy " shall be filled at thegen-
eral election."
Why, then, was any executive proclamation
necessary? Was not this legislation itself a proc-
lamation of the day ? And could any executive
manifesto have changed it to any other, or more
effectually have advertised it? This provision of
a general law is above ail proclamations, and the
whole body of the people may recognize it with-
out special directions from the Governor. The
forfeiture of Colonel Vandever's seat was a pub-
lic fact, irrespective of any executive recognition,
and the law will deal with it as a fact, however
the Governor, from personal considerations, may
choose to ignore it; and as this vacancy, in fact,
existed mote than flinty days befoie the ensuing
general election, the tubunal which makes alike
Governors and Representatives had the warrant
of a general law for their guide and action, and
were not beholden to the Governor of Iowa for
special instructions in the premises. Butifithad
been incumbent upon the executive of Iowa to
announce this vacancy, it was, at most, a mere
directory duty, and could m no way change the
lawfully ptescribed day for the holding of this
election, or afFect the right of the people to elect
on that day. If the scat was vacant, with or with-
out proclamation, that was the day for filling it.
The Governor was, in truth, officially cognizant
of this vacancy, for he issued, by order of the
War Department, the commission which created
it, and was urged to the performance of a sup-
posed duty thereupon, but from'some unexplained
cause, being himself a candidate, neglected to pub-
lish a proclamation.
In this emergency the people of the second con-
gressional district of Iowa turned to the law. They
found onegeneral provision that all vacancies shall
be filled at the regular election preceding the time
at which it is known such vacancy will actually
exist; and another which expressly provides that
such a vacancy as this ''shall be filled at the gen-
eral election," if no intervening session of Con-
gress is to occur. Knowing that no such session
was to occur, and therefore that no proclamation
j; was necessary, they took it upon themselves, un-
>! der tins double authority, to electa Representative
in place of Colonel Vandever at " the general elec-
tion" which occurred between the known forfeit-
ure of his seat as aforesaid and the commencement
of the ensuing session; and the result of their ac-
