1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
tion in .he premises is the application tor admis-
sion of the claimant in this ease.
Does the want of a proclamation under these
circumstances render this election void r If it is
to be so decided, against all reason and all pre-
cedent, and m derogation of the laws and of the
rights uf the people of Iowa, then the executive
authority may disfranchise the entire people of a
State, by a willful refusal or heedless neglect to
perform a statutory duty which is, at most, merely
directory; or, what is worse, by nullifying the
mandatory provisions of a statutory enactment.
The proposition is too monstrous to challenge
argument. No Governor can have any rightful
power to say to his people that they must, as a
consequence of his nonfeasance, submit to be ille-
gally represented or not represented at all. And
yet this 'i the demand which the executive of
Iowa has made in this case, and such is the fatal
doctrine vhich the sitting member now asks the
House to adopt as a precedent. In a word, sir,
in all this business the people of Iowa have been
strictly within the letter of the law, whereas their
executive agents have been defiantly and fact lously
in opposition to it. Which side is the House to
take?
A word more, sir, and I am done. It is now
the eleventh hour of this controversy, whiph has
occupied my time for nearly two years, which
has claimed the attention of the House for more
than fourteen months,and which I certainly should
have unconditionally declined had i anticipated
its tedious procrastinations. Little remains tome
to be acquired in any event; but, sir, it is quite
tune, in my judgment, that all the importantques-
tions winch I have fairly presented in the case
were definitively settled; not only us a matter of
tardy jus'ice to me and to the people of this im-
perial dis'iict, which in both territory and pop-
ulation is the largest in the United States, but also
in deference to the character of the House itself.
For almost two years, at a period moie moment-
ous l han tny other in our legislative history, have
the peopl ^ of that colossal district been practically
unrept eyented upon this floor without any derelic-
tion of thpir own, and a most vital provision of
the Constitution has been manifestly suspended
to minister to personal aims. Meantime, these
undecided questions are accumulating embarrass-
ments around you—are multiplying the labors of
your com nut tee of privileges and elections, and
gradual!) bringing the House itself withm the
ovei shadowing influence of a poi teutons martial
domination which thieatens its subveision.
At, the called fusion qf 1861, my opponent was
here just long enough to -secure by his position
and his >'ote, without military education or ex-
perience, u lucrative appointment in the Army,
which ncessauly took hirn hence, and forcibly
kept him in the field. Since then he has had no
more leiral right to this seat than the President of
the United States, yet at the last session he was
here, by special leave of his commanding geneial,
just long enough to draw his double pay, mile-
age,&c., in two capacities, and for legislative ser-
vices which he did not and could not constitu-
tionally or physically render. And at this third
session—whether with or without " leave"of the
executive Government, I am not now atfvised—
he again presented himself, manifestly not to le-
gislate, but just long enough to add, through pres-
idential favor, to his other dignities and perqui-
sites, those of a brigadier general's commission;
and to interpose Author dilatory objection to the
exercise by me, or by any other, of the represent-
ative functions which he is himself powerless to
perform.
The Committee of Elections, while constrained
to impeach the legality and parliamentary deco-
rum of these proceedings, have yet made official
jecord of his " patriotism"—I believe that is the
phrase—and most certainly I shall be the very
last to impugn it; but, sir, his quid pro quo seems
exorbitant; and should it turn out to be tiue,;'s
I hope it may not, that lie has also been a lucky
participant in the alleged Army .speculations in
Arkansas cotton, &e., still, sir, oil these real or sup-
posed acquisitions of his wilt appear to the people
of my disfranchised district as poor equivalents
for their neglected mteiests upon this floor; for it
has long been apparent to them that without my
admission they are to remain, as they have been,
with all their manifold general, local, and partic-
ular interests, practically unrepresented here to
the end of litis most important Convicts. I re-
peat, that this district will remain disfranchised;
for, sir, although the Constitution inhibits the
holding of executive positions in order to secure
the Representative's independence, and protects
him from arrest in order to insure his actual pres-
ence, yet both these cardinal conditions are here
wanting, as Colonel Vandever is under perpetual
duress, and cannot be here at all,save by execu-
tive favor, so that disfranchisement of the district
necessarily supervenes until I shall be admitted
as its untrammeled Representative; and in all can-
dor, sir, I submit that an American House of Rep-
resentatives should 110 longer minister to such a
state of affairs as this.
Mr. Speaker, for considerably more than a year
past I have been demanding, on behalf of this
numerous and neglected constituency, the seat in
this Hall, which has been held, indeed, but un-
lawfully and without the power of occupancy, by
another.*1 have now, at the fust opportunity af-
forded me, and under auspices which it is patent
to us all are certainly discouraging enough, briefly
endeavored to show you my original right to the
same. Conscious that I might be overruled in
this, I have further sought to elucidate the result-
ing question, which is of sufficient magnitude to
justify your serious attention whenever or how-
ever presented, namely: whether the inherent, in-
estimable right of representation in this House
shall be maintained by a recognition of my stiictly
legal election to fill a vacancy proclaimed by the
Constitution itself, or whether, by my rejection,
the great franchise shall be flittered away through
the nonfeasance and malfeasance of those faithless
executive agents who have been in this case, and
may be in others, induced to place their private
inclinations above the execution of the laws. The
determination of this question has a significance
far beyond the mere personal interests involved
in this contest.
And now, sir, I can only say, in conclusiftn,
with all the emphasis which may befit an occasion
where fundamental principles and grave questions
of public policy are at stake, that, to give effect
to the Constitution of the United States you must
necessarily exclude General Vandever from the
House; and that, to give effect to the written code
of Iowa, you must as necessarily admit me to this
seat, if you further withhold, fi om any cause,
this legal and righteous venhct, you not only do
an individual injustice to me and to my people,
uii wotthy of an impai tial Ilnusc; but, more than
that, you strike down the geneial and local, the
organic and statutory laws of the laud in respect
to your own most vital organism, and establish
an example which, inviting the future destruction
of your legislative independence, may—nay, sir,
will—be found fatal to the public libel ty itself.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, it i.s not my in-
tention to detain the House long in replying to
the contestant in this case. 1 shall content myself
with piesenting the few facts which are actually
involved in this case for the purpose of rebutting
the extended aigument in which he indulged. I
think I can in a few minutes dispose of the fhst
legal proposition which he presented, and which
relates to the time piescubed bylaw for the elec-
tion of membeis of Congiess in the State of Iowa.
The gentleman will not deny that every regular
election for members of the House of Representa-
tives, in the State of iowa, since the admission of
the State into the Union, has been held m the
even numbered years. There has not been an ex-
ception to this rule. In the Code of 1&51 U was
provided, as the gentleman has stated, that mem-
bers of Congress should be elected at the general
election, and the general election was declared to
be thatat which members of the Genecal Assem-
bly should be chosen. There is no difference be-
tween the contestant and myself, so far as the pro-
visions.of the " old constitution'* and the acts of
1851 are concerned.
But, sn , in 1856 the p« ople of low.vi determined
to form a new constitution for the State, and m
the schedule to that constitution the convention
changed the time for the election of membeis of
the Genera! ^sembly, from the ev^n numbered
years to the odd numbered years. The two sec-
tions icfernng to the election of members of the
General Assembly and Representatives in Con-
gress read as follows:
•• The fu.-*t Ueetion under this oou&uUitM/ii shall be held
on the second Tuesday ot October, m the year 1&77, at
which tunc the elector oi the £tate ^hMI elect a Governor
and Lieutenant Governor. There shall also be elected at
such Heel ion mcce-^or* of cu-h ?5tale Senators were
elected at the August eviction in the year 1854, and mem-
bers of the House of Representatives who shall lie elected
in accoidance with the act of apportionment.
That determined that the election of members
of the General Assembly should be held in tho
odd numbered years, The next section provides
that " the first election of auditor and secretary
of State, attorney general, district judges,-mem-
bers of the board of education, district attorneys,
members of Congress, and such-State officers as
should he elected at the April election of 1857,
(except superintendent of public instruction,} and
such county officers as were elected at the county
election of 1856, shall be held on the second Tues-
day in October, 1858." Thus, by the action of
the convention the election of members of Con-
gress was continued in the even numbered years.
This is in accordance with the provisions of the
Code of 1851, in reference to the election of mem-
bers of Congress. The first session of the Gen-
eral Assembly, held under the new constitution,
provided that all elections held in October and
November should be deemed "general elections,"
so that a candidate for Congress being elected in
1857, or 1858, or in any other year, would be
elected at a " general election."
That disposes of the gentleman's argument in
regard to the term " general election," as used in
the statutes of Iowa. The object had in view by
the convention is very plain: it was, that members
of Congress for the State of Iowa should be elected
at the fall elections preceding the commencement
of their terms, so that in no event should the State
be required to call a special electioh to fill vacan-
cies should an extra session of Congress at any
time be called.
Now, this provision of the Constitution and
the act of the General Assembly, which the"gen-
tleman has read, show conclusively that the Oc-
toberelection in 1860, at which my colleague, Mr.
Vandever, was elected, was the one prescribed
by law for the election of members of Congress.
1 do not propose to occupy the time of the House
any further in discussing this point. The gentle-
man can find no exception to the rule I have stated
in the history of the State. He knows that very
well; and every man in the State of Iowa knows
it; and his argument is a mere attempt to reverse
what he cannot deny to have been the practice of
the State since the first election held within its
borders.
Leaving out of view for the present the regu-
larity of my colleague's election, let me examine
briefly the pretensions of the contestant to a seat
i in this House. 1 must say that the gentleman
j manifested a good deal of ingenuity in presenting
, his case. He did not refer to the facts, but con-
j tented himself with presenting what he conceives
| to be the law of the case. lie has dealt fairly by
: the House in presenting his testimony to the com-
l mittce, although I tk> not concede that he has dealt
| fairly by the House in the argument which he has
! just submitted. 1 propose to answer his argument
: by reference to facts developed by himself before
' the Committee of Elections, and on which the
! committee based its report. I affirm there was no
! legal election for member of Congress in the sec-
j ontf congressional district of Iowa at the general
election in 1861, at which the gentleman claims to
have been elected. IIow was that election bi ought
I about? How was his candidacy made known to
I even his own friends? How did he deal with the
| people of ihedistriet,and what notice did they have
! of the gentleman's intention to be a candidate?
Mr. BYINGTON. Will the gentleman permit
me to answer the question?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. I did not interrupt
the gentleman, and I shall not misrepresent him.
I shall use his own papers and proofs, and let the
House judge fiom them what merit there is in hi.?
caso. I find among the documents presented by
the gentleman to the Committee of Elections the
following letter:
Des Moinr?, Fdjruarv 2, ISG'7.
Dkak Sir: Your letter was received ye&tevda}. and 1
haw endeavored to obtain one ot the ein-iilui^ i—■tied Just
tail hy the if tate committee, and to winch you iWut, but
have not been able to do so. Tkcy were not puhlhhul in the
papa v. bat tent toulcr sealed envelope to the ihjjeicnt corn-
ties oj the northern dv>ti ict; hut, a  chairman oi*the commit-
tee. I will Mate that a cirmlar wa# issued leenmmendtn?
t<> the democracy and conservative men of the northern
district to support yon tor Kepresentaiive in Conjrrct.-v;
and all tho tickets that were punted at our oilico for the
comities of Boone, Stoiy, (Jiundy, and others, conui'ued
your name. T nonce that no return^ appear fiom the-=e coun-
ties to the State canvassing hoaid tu that effoct. I have in-
quired of gentlemen hom lhc<e counts-, and the} >ay that
