THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
tors have indicated in the remarks -which they Have
made, that if the writ of habeas corpus be authori-
tatively suspended, the President and his Cabinet
ministers may then make arrests. In my judg-
ment, the position is not well taken. 1 will not
enter into the controversy now, as to whether
the writ of habeas corpus ^an be suspended by the
Executive or not. Upon that point I made an
argument before the Senate heretofore, somewhat
elaborate, in which I undertook to prove that Con-
gress alone could suspend the writ of habeas corpus.
I am of that opinion still, and upon that branch
of the case I concur with the Senator from Ohio.
The Senator from Ohio indicated in his speech
that this Congress, by giving some qualified ap-
proval to the action of the President, had author-
ized him to suspend this writ of habeas corpus.
From that position of the Senator from Ohio, I
dissent. There has been no action of Congress-
that, m my judgment, would authorize the Presi-
dent to suspend the writ of habeas corpus. He has
undertaken to suspend it, and there are many,
some very learned, lawyers, who have maintained
that in lnm is lodged that power. Other lawyers,
vety eminent in this country, and,I believe, to the
credit of the profession, the much larger number,
hold that it is a legislative power. This is the
point to which I wish to invite the attention of the
Senate. Taking it for granted that the writ of
habeas corpus is suspended by competent consti-
tutional authority, then I hold that they have no
right to make these arrests. The writ of habeas
corpus has nothing to do with the arrest of an in-
dividual. The whole scope, verge, and objectof
the writ of habeas corpus is to relieve a man, when
arrested, from illegal imprisonment. The object
is to open the prison doors, and to bring him be-
fore the court, to inquire whether he is lawfully
detained or not; and if he has been lawfully lodged
in the prison, it is the duty of the judge befoie
whom he is brought to remand him to prison, and
if it is a bailable case, to allow him bail, and
if he is illegally imprisoned, to let him go free.
That is the only object of the writ of habeas corpus.
It is a grent remedial writ. The suspension of
that writ confers no authority on any officer in
this Government to make an arrest. The arrest
and the discharge are separate and distinct things.
1 hold that there is no authority vested by the
Constitution of the United States m the President
or any of his Cabinet ministers to make these ar-
rests; and whenever they exercise such a power
it is an act of usurpation and an overthrow of the
Constitution of the country. The Constitution
defines what are the duties of the various depart-
ments of this Government. The duties of the
Executive are plainly marked out in the instru-
ment. So it is with the legislative power; so it
in with the judicial power. Upon each and every
one of these distinct bodies of magistracy are con-
ferred separate and distinct powers which they
can legitimately exercise; and whenever they go
beyond the powers prescribed in the Constitution,
they usurp an authoi ity not given to them by the
law, and deserve and should receive the honest
censure of every loyal man in the country—I
mean of every man loyal to the Constitution of the
country.
Now, sir, I ask Senators who claim that the
President and his Cabinet ministers have exer-
cised this power rightfully, to point me to the
clause in the Constitution or the law that author-
izes those officials to arrest a citizen, a civilian.
The President, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy, may have the light, by virtue
of the laws passed to regulate the Army and Navy,
to make arrests of persons employed in the land
and naval service; but I ask Senators to show
me the law that authorizes him to make an arrest
of a citizen not connected with either service.
Why, sir, even suppose the position of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey were true, that the Presi-
dent has a right to suspend the wnt ot'habeas cor-
pus t does it necessarily follow after that suspen-
sion, that he has a right to arrest whom he pleases >
If so, I would not give a fig for the liberties of
this people. If it be so, any President who is
wicked enough and abandoned enough to do it,
may, ad libitum, overthrow the liberties of tnis
country. The Senator contends that the Presi-
dent has the authority to suspend the writ of ha-
beas corpus, and that after he suspends the writ he
has a right to arrest whom he pleases, and im-
prison them during the continuation of 'he wnr.
If the President were clothed with that power, I
ask the Senator to tell me what would prevent him
from seizing the Senators of the United States or
the honorable gentlemen who occupy seats in the
other end of this Capitol, if they were distasteful
to him, and locking them up in Fort Warren or
Fort La Fayette, or some other Bastile, and put-
ting- the key in his pocket, and keeping them in
prison for twenty years, if the war snould last so
long; and in that event, what would become of
your legislative functions? They would be ut-
terly destroyed, because the persons appointed,
in accordance with the Constitution, to legislate,
would be deprived of the privilege of exercising
the functions of their office. Suppose the Presi-
dent should think that it interfered with his impe-
rial powers for the judges to sit upon the bench
and administer the laws. In that event, if the doc-
trine held by the Senator from New Jersey is
correct, he has power to seize all the members of
the judiciary and put them in prison, and thus
overthrow and destroy the judicial department
of this Government.
Mr. President, you need but state the case to
see that no such power ever could have been given
by men so wise as our ancestors were to any
Executive. They were men who justly appre-
ciated human liberty; they were devotees of civil
liberty; they thought that the civil power was
superior to that of the military; that the military
was always subordinate to the civil power; and
that is the doctrine set forth in the Constitution;
but that does not seem to please the radicals of i
this day. Neither the President nor his Cabi-
net ministers have a right to make arrests; and
whenever they do it they usurp a power not
given to them by the Constitution. 1 ask Sen-
ators, who favor these unlawful seizures and ar-
rests, to point me to the provision of the Consti-
tution or the lav/ that authorizes those gentlemen
to make arrests. The suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus and making arrests are separate and
distinct; one may be done without affecting the
other. Arrests can only be made in the mode
pointed out by the Constitution of your country.
It is plain and explicit upon that subject. No
citizen can be properly arrested and held except
upon warrant and probable cause. He is entitled
to a speedy trial in the district where he has com-
mitted the offense; and our Constitution says that
no citizen shall be deprived of his life, liberty, or
property without due process of law. If you ar-
rest a citizen without charge, and lock him up in
one of these prisons for seventeen months, and
then discharge him without a trial, as has been
done in many instances since this civil war com-
menced, do you not deprive a citizen of his liberty
without process of law, and violate the plain pro-
visions of the Constitution?
I demand to know by authority of what law
these things have been done. There is no law
authorizing it. So far as that matter is concerned,
the executive department of the Government has
put the Constitution under its heels, has disre-
garded it, has deprived citizens of their liberty
without process of law. It is unnecessary for me
to say here what " proress of law" means. The
whole Senate knows it. It has been judicially
defined over and over again in England and in this
country. It was a right which our fathers brought
from their fatherland. It was aright distinctly
affiimed in the Great Charter which the iron
barons demanded of the pusillanimous John. The
English people had it guarantied to them by thirty-
two acts of Parliament. Our fathers appreciated
the wise precepts of our English ancestors, and
in order to secure our liberties, ingrafted it, on our
Constitution; but yet we find the Constitution
utterly disregarded, and thousands of our citi-
zens deprived of their liberty without process of
law.
1 desire those who here advocate these arrests,
who approve them, to point me to the law that
authorizes them. I wish no evasion. I do not
wish the liberties and the rights of the people to
be cloven down and the Constitution overthrown,
and when those who do it are assailed or censured
to have Senators get up and talk about the rebel-
lion. _ Point me to the law, point me to the con-
stitutional provision, which authorizes these ar-
rests, and then 1 shall be satisfied that the President
and his Cabinet ministers have not usurped powers
not given to them by the Constitution. Until then
I phaii pronounce thorn usurpers and violators of
the Constitution which they have sworn to sup-
port; I will be satisfied with no plea of necessity,
which has been the tyrant's plea the world over.
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois thinks
we had better dispose of this resolution and take
up his bill. I do not remember the provisions of
that bill, but if it were passed and made the law
of the land, what good would it do? Would it
relieve any man from unlawful imprisonment?
The Constitution and law secure to every man
the right to have his case investigated, the right
toaspeedyand impartial trial. The difficulty is,
that the Executive and his Cabinet ministers will
not allow the laws to be executed.
Mr. TRUMKULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky would remember the bill, he would know
that it is a bill providing for that very object. It
is a bill " to provide for the discharge of State
prisoners and others, and to authorize the judges
of the United States courts to take bail or recog-
nizance to secure the trial of the same." I think it
met the approbation of the Senator fi om Kentucky
at the last session.
Mr. POWELL. I dare say it did. I do not
remember its provisions; I make no objection to
the bill; but, sir, the Constitution of the country
has provided what shall be done in these cases;
the statutes of the United States have provided
what shall be done in cases of unlawful arrests;
the Constitution hasprovided howyoushall make
seizures and arrests; and if the Executive will
violate the Constitution and the laws that are now
on the statute-book, have we any reason to be-
lieve that he will respect and execute laws passed
by this Congress? The defect is not in the law;
the law is ample to relievecitizens wrongfully ar-
rested if it were executed. Have we reason to
behove that he "will respect a law because it is
passed by this Congress, when he acts in violation
of the Constitution of his country and the laws on
the statute-book made in pursuance thereof? I am
wanting in faith that the President will execute any
law you may pass on this subject" The Constitu-
tion which he has sworn to support requires him
to see that the laws be faithfully executed, which
he has failed to do.
The Senator from Massachusetts said that the
Departments were loaded down with business,
and that wc ought not to trouble them with such
cases as this. Why, Mr. President, if there is
one thing more than another that the representa-
tives of a free people should he jealous about, and
should present persistently and untiringly on alt
proper occasions to those in power, it is the civil
liberty of the citizen. One of the wise men of
Greece once said that that was the best Govern-
ment where an injury offered to the meanest and
poorest citizen was an insult to the State. It was
a wise maxim. But, sir, these insults and inju-
ries are offered not only to the poor and helpless,
but they have been offered to some of the most
icspectable' and loyal citizens of the United States.
Men who arc the peers of the President and Cab-
inet, and the peers of Senators, have been for
months confined in prison, where they have been
cruelly languishing for no assigned cause, with no
charges made against them, and the prison doors
opened, and they let free without a trial. The
Senator calls that mercy. Mercy! to drag a man
from his family without charge, in violation of
the Constitution of the country put him m one of
your Bastiles, and keep him there on bread and
water and a pal let of straw for months, and then to
turn him out without giving him a trial, when he
has all the time protested his innocence and de-
manded atrial! Sir,if that is mercy I wantnone
of it.
My object, Mr. President, is not to screen the
guilty, but to protect the innocent, j have been
taught to believe, and I now believe, that there is
no liberty, save in the supremacy of the laws.
The law must be supreme if you have liberty.
Men are too weak and too frail, even the wisest
and best of them, to be intrusted with absolute
power. The law is the harrier between the inno-
cent and those v. ho would trample upon our rights,
and that should by all m< n be held up as the shield
to protect them in their liberties, in their proper-
ties, and in their lives.
What will be the result, Mr. President, if you
go on in this way, and allow the Chief Magistrate
of the nation, and his Cabinet ministers, and men
high in authority, toviolatc wittingly, knowingly,
the Constitution and laws of the eountrv, ami
