THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE, m
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 18C2.
New Series.&j- ■
deprive citizens of their liberty ? "What will be the
moral effect upon the community? The President
swears to preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution; he swears to see that the laws are faith-
fully executed. If he, the highest officer in the
land, the Chief Magistrate of a mighty people; if
he who is as much bound by the Constitution and
laws as the humblest citizcn, may violate them
with impunity, what will be the moral effectupon
the community? They necessarily will do the
same; and with whatheart, with what right would
one of these high officials seek to punish a citizen
for violating the Constitution and laws of the
country when he is daily infracting them himself
in the most vital points? I tell you, Senators, it
will bring about a moral degradation in the coun-
try that will be most appalling and humiliating.
You may talk about the patriotism of the Presi-
dent and of his Cabinet ministers, and of their
honest convictions of duty; but, sir, while they
are daily violating the plain provisions of the
Constitution and the laws, they cannot, without a
cheek that should blush for shsftne, ask those over
whom for the time being they administer the laws
to be faithful to them. They should look to these
things.
Wo are told that if we pass resolutions of this
kind we shall be taxing these gentlemen. They
will never be taxed on a more meritorious subject
than this. It is sought to inqune why a tree
American citizen has been unlawfully deprived
of his liberty and languishes in a dungeon. We
would do well if we were to give our days and
nights to the correction of this evil until it be
remedied. In doing that we shall be most patriotic-
ally discharging our duty. What boots it that by
arms you maintain the territorial integrity of the
Union if your Constitution is gone, your liberties
cloven down in the mean time? Sir, we admire
this great Union because of the guarantees which
its glorious Constitution throws around us. Do
not let us forget that Constitution in the day of
battle. There are two wars going on: one against
the territorial integrity of the Union, and the other,
which is most assiduous, against the Constitution
of the country; to both of which wars I am op-
posed, for I have ever thought that we could only
settle our sectional difficulties and save this Union
by peaceful means.
The Senator from Wisconsin yesterday stated
to the Senate that in his judgment, in all cases
where the parties would take the oath, they were
permitted to go free.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In all cases of arrest upon
suspicion.
Mr. POWELL. Well, sir, I suppose that
would embrace all. It would certainly embrace
all that I have heard anything about. I believe
that from first to last five thousand of my constit-
uents have been imprisoned, not all of them with-
out the State, some in military camps within the
State, many of them only for a short time. The
wives, the children, the fathers and mothers of
them have written to me on the subject. Many
of the persons imprisoned have written to me;
and m every instance they have stated that they
did not know the cause of thdr arrest. They
were consequently, I suppose, arrested on sus-
picion, for the larger portion of them have been
released without trial. But I can say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that during the last session
of Congress there were men confined in Fort La
Fayette who were ready and willing to take the
oath and give the bond required, and yet Mr. Sew-
ard kept them there for months after they were
willing to do so. I will instance one case, that
of Hon. Richard H. Stanton, of the city of Mays-
ville, in the State of Kentucky. His brothei, who
is now in this city, told me that he was willing to
take thp oath and give the bond, and yet it was
months before the prison doors were opened to
that citizen. I have been informed, since the Sen-
ator made that statement, by a highly respecta-
ble gentleman, that Mr. Benjamin Thomas, Mr.
Towles, and Mr. Hunt, of that city, were in the
same category. The fact may now be as he states;
it was not so a little while ago. But I ask the
3
Senator in all candor, if he were arrested in that
way upon vague charges of disloyalty, would he
so lower the standard of his manhood as to be
willing to take an oath unknown to the Constitu-
tion and laws to procure his release ? I should
dislike confinement in a prison, I have no doubt,
as much as any man; but I say now that if I
should be arrested, before I would obtain my dis-
charge in that way, I would languish for life in
the prison. I would look upon U as an implied
and tacit admission of the charge. I would stand
forth boldly and demand atrial under the laws of
my country. Yes, sir, I would want my children
and those who are to come after me to see that I
stood vindicated before the proper tribunals, the
courts of my country. I would do no act that by
implication, director indirect, would intimate that
I acknowledged the offense of wh ich I was charged.
I admire the lofty spirit of those gentlemen who
refused to take these oaths. I do not censure those
who took them. It is a matter of personal con-
sideration entirely, about which each man must
judge for himself.
I sincerely desire the supremacy of the laws of
my country to be maintained, and 1 hope, for the
sake of the public liberties, that the Senators on
this floor who are in amity with the Administra-
tion will follow the advice of the Senator from
Ohio. I can tell you, Senators, that the people of
this country are determined that these illegal ar-
rests shall stop. They have decreed it at the bal-
lot-box; the voice of an outraged and injured peo-
ple has gone up from Ohio, from Pennsylvania,
from Indiana, from Illinois, from New Jersey,
from theEmpiie State of New Yotk,like leaping
thunder, demanding that the Constitution must be
maintained and respected, that the prison doors
must be opened, and the innocent go free: not that
thegallant,lion-hearted Democracy of those States
desire the guilty to escape punishment—no, sir, no;
but they demand that the innocent go free, and that
the guilty be punished according to law. I, sir,
desire the guilty everywhere to be punished. If
a man is guilty of any offense against the laws of
the country, arrest him and bring him before the
propurtribunals,the tribunals organized under the
Constitution of his country; try hims peedily as
the Constitution says he shall be tried; if guilty,
punish him; and in the name of the public liber-
ties, if innocent, let him go free. That is all I ask,
and that, I tell you, is the verdict of the people re-
cently rendered at the polls; and such veidicts will
continue to be recorded as long as these oppres-
sions on the rights of citizens shall exist. You
may get together here, and you may talk until you
convince yourselves that the people will sustain
you in the exercise of this usurped power; let me
tell you the voice of the people is against it; they
are everywhere rising in their majesty to put it
down, and it was one of the chief points made
against the Administration in the late canvass in
the States to which 1 have referred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the honorable
Senator sits down, will he allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. POWELL. With a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It\s rather to enlighten
my own mind, because, perhaps, I think a little
differently from the Senator upon this subject.
?v[y question is this: if he were at the head of the
Government, and he were satisfied in his own
mind that an individual, in a time like this, was
about to commit a crime the consequence of which
would be exceedingly injurious to the Govern-
ment itself, and would strengthen the arm of the
rebellion,and there were no other way in which he
could pre vent it, would he not arrest the individual
wuhoutlaw, and hold him by the strong hand for
the safety of the people?
Mr. POWELL, if the individual in the case
supposed weie acting in the character of a spy 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the question.
Mr. POWELL. I will answer it all if the Sen-
ator will allow me. If the individual were con-
nected with the armies of the opposition, and in-
fracted the laws of war, I would have him arrested
and punished under those laws; but if he were a
private citizen wholly unconnected with thealrfey,
and by this act had not connected himself Swith H,
if I thought he had infracted the taws, if X had
him arrested I would hand him over instawterio
the civil authorities, to be tried and punishe'd„for
the offense; but if there "was no law violated,'I
would, as an honest man, have to let him go free,
because if I were President I should' have sworn
that I would see the laws faithfully executed, aYrd
before God I would not perjure myself. That is
my answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator has answered several questions that I did not
put, but has not answered the question that.I did
put. My question was not whether he would with-
out law arrest a man that had committed a crirtfe;
but if, in a time of public danger, in a time of re-
bellion, revolution, when the very existence ofthe
country was at stake, lie were satisfied that an in-
dividual, a private individual, a civilian, if you
please, was about to commit a crime the conse-
quence of which would be to afford aid to that
rebellion and materially injure the cause of the
country, and there was no other mode for him to
prevent it, would he not arrest him without law
and hold him ?
Mr. POWELL. Well, Mr. President, the
question of the Senator from Maine is really so
long that itwould take a speech to answer it, but
I will say to the Senator that if I were the Presi-
dent, (winch is not a supposable case in regard to
so humble an individual,) 1 would by no act vio-
late the Constitution and laws of my country.^ If
I thought that a man was about to do anything
wrong-, and there was a law of the land by which
I could have him arrested and punished, or placed
under bonds for good behavior, I would have the
law executed, if there was no law to reach the
case, and I thought the man meditated very great
injury, I think I should have a watch kept upon
him and prevent his committing the act, and then
at the next session of Congress I would recom-
mend the passage of a law for the punishment
of just such offenses. I would adhere to the
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator forgets one
clause of my question, and that is that there was
no other way to prevent it.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator is supposing a
state of facts that could not exist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator thinks it is
not a supposable case.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Senator from
Kentucky indulge me in a single question?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr.COLLAMER. The Constitution provides
that when the public safety requires it, in a time
of war or rebellion, the habeas coi-pus may be sus-
pended; and I ask the Senator whether that does
not necessarily imply that people are to be im-
prisoned unlawfully after it is suspended ?
Mr. POWELL. Is that the entire question ?
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the entire ques-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. I shall answer it with great
pleasure.
Mr. COLLAMER. If a man cannot be un-
lawfully imprisoned while the habeas corpus is in
force, when it is suspended may he not be impris-
oned unlawfully ?
Mr. POWELL. If the writ of habeas corpus
is suspended, the party may be held in prison
either lawfully or unlawfully. Ifhe is in prison,
having been put there lawfully or unlawfully, the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus only de-
nies him the great remedial process by which he
is taken before the court and the legality of his
imprisonment inquired into by the court. That
is all it does.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman wish
to ho understood that the habeas corpus can only
be used for the purpose of inquiring whether the
process was les;alr
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; it may be used to
inquire whether lie is rightfully deprived of his
liberty; whether he is confined by virtue of legal
process or not.
