mm congressional globe.
February 18,
• Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the privilege to be heard
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
There was no objection,and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.  
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, that I may have
misstated the provisions of the tax law, is possi-
ble; but I think it will be found that my statement
if substantially correct. That is a question of
law which the statute will decide. So far as the
rest of the paragraph read by the Clerk is con-
cerned, I stand here todeclarcthatit is true in sub-
Stance, and I hold myself responsible to every-
body who feels disposed to-call me to an account.
"Why, sir, the citizens of Erie, for an entire win-
ter, with arms in their hands, tore up the rails
and blocked the passage from West to East and
from East to West. I declare also that the State
of Pennsylvania stood by and permitted this to
be done. I declare that the policy of the Union
has been cheerfully so formed as to develop the
great resources of the State of Pennsylvania. Is
it for that, in violation of the rules which hold be-
tween gentlemen, and the rules of this House,
behind which ihave no disposition to shelter my-
self—is it for that I am to be denounced as a lihel-
er? When I stated that the State of Pennsylva-
nia, which prides itself on being the "Keystone
State"—with one of her buttresses washed by the
waves of those self-same lakes, made classic by
the heroism of her sons in her heroic, age—when 1
stand here to declare the fact which emblazons the
records ofthis House, that she opposed thy* meas-
ure solid, am i to be denounced here as a libeler?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I denounced you because
you told a falsehood. [Cries of " Order ! Order!"]
Mr. RIDDLE. It does not please the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to specify the falsehood,
nor me to demand specifications. He does not
state to what he refers, nor do 1 care. If the gen-
tleman takes offense because I borrowed from
Scandinavian literature, for the benefit of himself
and colleagues, the expression "goblins of the
mines," perhaps I ought to "apologise; but I can-
not apologise to a gentleman who seeks to close
my mouth with the'brutal declaration that J have
uttered a falsehood. For .such a statement as that
I can have but one answer, which the rules of
debate will not permit in tins high sanctuary of
grave counsels, and the gentleman understands me
too well to suppose that I would shelter myself be-
hind anything anywhere. I stand here the Repre-
sentative of a congressional district intermediate
in location and second to none m its interest m the
proposed great work. My constituents respect-
fully approached these two Houses with nheir
views and wishes expressed in the form of peti-
tions, under the impression, perhaps, that they
could thus be heard. But, sir, the iules of' thH
body, while they do not openly deny the right of
petition, in efftet smother and suppress it. You
may not, manlike,oiler a petition on tins floor and
have it received and read; but in the most quiet
and stealthy way a pnge glides with it to the Cletk,
with a note to a reporter of the Globe, where it
is buried, with the announcement that it was pie-
sented. And this, as your rules only allow, is the
old American right of petition, bought with blood.
Better a thousand times strike it down with a
brutal bfow, than thus meanly suppirss it. Thus
prevented fiom being heard, 1 endeavored to speak
for my people on this vital measure. The struggle
for the lloor and presn of tune prevented my ob-
taining H, and I have availed myself of the only
means which usage permits of being heard. I
do not hide myself m print; I here and now re-
iteiafe and redoclare every sentiment, word, and
phrase of that speech. 1 have spoken as a citi-
zen speaks. 1 have spoken as a freeman speaks.
I have sp ken as a Representative speaks who,
under all cueumstuqees, feurh-ssly tcpiesents the
wishes and interests of his constituents And I
shelter myself behind no rules which might shield
rue from the responsibility which attaches to my
conduct.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to s iy a lew words.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist that the question he
put on my motion, that the Miles be suspended
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. It is very
evident that a terribly malady has broken out in
the lioose, and the soouei we get into committee
the better.
Mr, BABBITT. I ask to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. RIDDLE. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will be heard.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Yes, sir. I hope my friend
from the ''peanut" district will not be uncere-
moniously cut off.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask gentlemen to abandon
personal differences, and to attend to the business
of the country.
Mr.COX. Oh,letushave a free fight all round.
Itis veryevidentthatthe Republicans on the other
side just at this time have a superfluous courage,
and I am for giving it a free vent.
Mr. BABBITT. I want to be heard. My con-
stituents have been denounced, and I demand to
be heard.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on my motion.
Mr. BABBITT. I demand the yeas and nays.
I want to see whether I am to be smothered in this
way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 63, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Bingham,
Samuel 8. IJlair, Blake, Bufihiton, Chamberlain, Clark,
Colfax, Roscw Conkling, Cutler, Davis:, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Elv, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas
A. I). Fes?enden, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Harrison,
Iloopei, Norton, Hutehin-*, Julian, Francis W. Kollocg,
William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, liOvejoy, Low, Me-
Kmght, Maynuul, Mitchell, Justin S. Mori ill, Nixon, Noell,
button, Timothy G. i'holp^, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter,
John H Ri^e, Edward II Rolling Sarpent, Sedgwick, Shef-
field, Shellabaiger, Sherman, i?pauldm<j, Stevens, Stratton,
Trimble, Van Valkonbuigh,\Valkci,\Vard, Alberts. White,
Wilson, and Windom—03.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldaeh, William Allen, Anoona, Bab-
bitt, Daily, William G. Brown, Calvoit, Clements, Cobb,
Frederick A. Conkhn?, Conway, Cox, Ctaveus, Crisfield,
Crittenden, Delano, English, Fisher, Giutcr, Hall, Harding,
Johnson, Kolley, Kctngan, Knapp, Law. La/.ear, MePher-
<on, Mullory, May, Muinues, Moorhead, Morris, Noble,
Norton, Nthjen, Olell, Pendleton. Puce, Alexander II.
lUee, Riddle, Robinson. Separ, Khanks, Slu<i, Smith, John
11. Steele. Stiles, Benjamin F. Thoma-s, Trowbridge, Ver-
ree, Voorheo-, YVad^woi ih, Wallace, Webster. Whaley,
(Multon A. White, Wicklnfe, Woodtufl', Worcester, and
Yeaimin—01.
So (he motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Wholeon the state of theUnion, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, in thechair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, being the
INDIAN APPROPRIATION KILL.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS. In order that we may get
through this very important hill, I move that the
committee rise lot the purpose of closing all de-
bate but the five minutes debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mi. Kklloug, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of I he Whole on the
state of the Union had, accoidmg Unorder, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the Indian apnropiiation bill, and had
! come to no conclusion tnereon.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the Indian appropriation bill be closed m five
minutt s after the eomnnUee shall resume the con-
h Hideration of the same.
|j The morion was agreed to.
ij Air. STEVENS. I now move thai the rules
be suspended, and that the House icsolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the slate of
the Union
The potion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
; accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
- the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Kel-
j logo, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
j consideration of tiie Indian appropriation bill,
j The Cletk piucmled to read the bill by clauses
! for amendment.
: Mr. PHELPS, of California I offer the fol-
! lowing amendment to come iu after the word
, '• dollars" in line twenty-four:
i Tor pay of vnpcruitendent of the northern distiiet of Call-
1 lornia.
j For pay ot the Fupeiniendeiit of the southern distiiet of
! Criil'ornui, A'3.nQU.
i I offu* the amendment bccanse I eunnot fmd in
the bill any appropriation for these officers,
i Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
, if there is any communication from the Depart-
ment asking for this appropriation? I cannot find
it in the estimates.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I do not know
whether it is in the estimates or not. The offices
exist and this is the pay affixed.to them, and the
appropriation should be made. I cannot fied it
in the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, is it in the estimate*?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I have not no-
ticed whether it is or is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I find in the estimates$3,00Q
for each of these officers.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Then they are
estimated for, but the appropriation is not made
in the bill. 1 suppose it was an oversight.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment so as to reduce the sum in each case
to #3,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from California that these items are embraced
in the aggregate sum of $93,750, which we have
passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Then I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. LANSING. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after the word " dollars" in the
two hundred and thirty-third line:
For the payment of the claims of the Delaware Indian®
(arising under treaties and existing laws) for timber taken
trom their land", and for property stolen from them by wb ite
persona since the treaty of May 6, 1854, $80,000, according
to the recommendation of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and the Secretary of the Inteuor, said claims to be
adjusted and paid by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. Chairman, I will state that this appropria-
tion is recommended by the Secretary of the In-
terior, and also by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. I will state further that this same appro- '
pnation was at one time embodied in a treaty
which was framed and passed the Senate, but the
President, Mr. Buchanan, objected to the appro-
piiation being made in that manner, as it would
properly belong to the legislative branch of the
Government to provide foi such an indemnity.
In support of the amendment, and to shovPtne
facts and the history on which its justice is based,
I call for the reading of a statement from.the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that his amendment would come
in more properly on page 15.
Mr. LANSING. I suppose it is immaterial
where it comes in.
Mr. STEVENS.' I suggest that as this amend-
ment will give rise to some controversy it be passed
over until we complete the loading of the bill, and
that it be the understanding that when the bill has
been read through an opportunity shall be afforded
to gentlemen to offer amendments-
Mr. LANSING. I am willing to agree to that.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be the under-
standing of the committee, if there is no objection.
The Chair hears no objection.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. STEVENS moved that the"committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of ijio Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the Indian appropriation bill, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHEFFIELD,
(at twenty minutes after five o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 16, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
! PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Baldwin,
Dewitt & Co., of Cleveland, Ohio, praying for a
reduction of duty on iron and steel; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
■ ; Mr. SHERMANpresented a memorial of citi-
!■ zens of Ohio, remonstrating against any^duc-
i; tion of the tax on spirituous or malt liquors of any
l; kind; which was referred to the Committee on
ii Finance.
