1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
in
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Hampshire and Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the establishment of a camp-hospital and
ambulance corps, for the proper care of sick and
wounded soldiers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of merchants and
bonkers of New York, praying that legal tender
notes may be made receivable for duties on im-
ports; which was referred to the Committee on
Jpinar.ce.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of S. P.
Case, in behalf of the Reading and Columbia Rail-
road Company, praying for the construction of a
railroad from Washington city to New York. The
road to be constructed will be some eighty miles
long; to connect the city of Washington with the
Reading and Columbia railway. It will cross the
Baltimore railroad twenty or twenty-five miles
north of Baltimoic, and conncct or cross the
Northern Central about fifty-five miles from the
city of Washington. At Columbia it will cross
the Pennsylvania Central; at Reading the Phila-
delphia and Reading; at Allentown connect with
the Lehigh Valley railroad; and thcnce by the Jer-
sey Central to New York. The distance to Colum-
bia from New York is one hundred and sixty-five
miles.
Upon this line of road the agricultural and min-
eral resources are unparalleled, and there are upon
it and in the vicinity of the road thirty-one blast
furnaces manufacturing pig iron by the use of an-
thracite coal, fivo large rail rolling-mills, a num-
ber of .steam forges, machine shops, and found-
erics, thriving cities and villages, and a densely
populated country. The soil through the coun-
ties of York, Lancaster, Lebanon, Berks, and
Lehigh is limestone, and in the highest state of
cultivation. The coalfields of Schuylkill, Car-
bon, Northumberland, Columbia, and Luzerne
will be opened directly to Washington by this link
which will intercept, cross, and connect with ris-
ing $110,000,000 of railroads now constructed in
Pennsylvania. The article of coal, which enters
so largely into the comfort and happiness of the
people, cannot cost, delivered in Washington,
more than five dollars per ton, even at a charge
of two cents per ton per mile, while the Reading
and Philadelphia roads carry it generally for one
and a half cent per mile. Coal now costs the cit-
izens of Washington from nine to ten dollars per
ton, all for the want of additional competing rail-
way facilities. The Washington branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio road charges twenty cents for
cartage through the city of Baltimore; £1 60 per
ton from Baltimore to Washington; and fifty cents
for the transportation from railroad at Washing-
ton to coal yards; making $2 30 per ton for forty
miles of railway transportation. The same ex-
cessive cost for lumber and agricultural and min-
eral products is clearly attributable to the fact tlmt
there are no competing railways. The line of rail-
road now nearly finished to Columbia has two
tracks of uniform width for about half the dis-
tance, with a single track all the way. This line
will be wholly free from any break. Cars can
be run through in eight hours'time; the distance,
about two hundred and fifty miles, at thirty-one
miles per hour, will require eight hours and forty
minutes. A high rate of speed may be main-
tained the whole distance, as the gauge is uni-
formly four feet eight and a half inches,
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table,
and to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER,from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. '363) for
the relief of Edwin W.Jones, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not, to pass.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
who were instructed, by a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the28th of Januaiy,to inquire into the cose
of Mr. Thomas, of Maryland, now a prisoner of
war at Fort La Fayette, for the purpose of extend-
ing such relief as the circumstances may require,
submitted a report; which was ordered to he
printed.
M- \ LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 529) for the relief of the Wea, Peoria,
Kafckdskia, and Pionkeahaw Indians of Kansas,
reported it with amendments.
Mr.CLA RIv. The Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate have
had under consideration the resolution offered to
pay the expenses of John Alexander in furnish-
ing material for decorating and placing the paint-
ing known as the "Storming of Chapultepec" in
the gallery of the Senate, and have directed me to
report the same back, with a recommendation that
it pass. I am further directed by the committee
to state that a practice has grown Up in the Senate
of contracting bills without, authority to- be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate. The
first the committee know is that the bill is pre-
sented to them for payment after the debt has been
contracted. To avoid any difficulty of that kind
hereafter, I am directed by the committee to state
that no bills of that kind will be considered or
allowed unless they come under the ordinary
authority of the officers of the Senate, unless in
extraordinary cases.
ADMISSION OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; winch was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories inquire as
to the rxpciUency of passing an act enabling tho people of
New Mexico to form a constitution prepaiatory to her ad-
mission into the Union as a State, and to repoit by bill or
otherwise.
HILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of tho United
States,by Mr. Nicoi.ay,his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 14th instant, the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 438) for the relief of the owners
of the Norwegian bark Admiral P. Tordenskiold;
A bill (S. No. 482) to establish the office of
register of deeds for the District of Columbia;
and
A bill (S. No. 505) to incorporate the national
association for the relief of destitute colored wo-
men and children.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
533) to amend an act to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in primary schools throughout
the county oY Washington, m the District of Co-
lumbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, approved May 20,1862;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to j
thi."Committee on the District of Columbia. I
APPOINTMENTS OP MIDSHIPMEN. 1
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move to dispense with nil prior |
orders, and that the Senate take up the hill regu-
lating the appointment of midshipmen to the
Naval Academy.
Mr. KENNEDY. With the consent of my
friend, 1 should like to ask the Senate to take up a
little bill which has been under consideration once,
and paitly discussed. 1 do not think it will take
a great deal of time to pass it, and it is a hill of
some importance. It is Senate bill No. 424, to
amend an act entitled 44 An act to establish and
equalize the grade of line officers of the Navy."
I think H can be disposed of in a very short
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion ofthe Senator from Ken-
tucky has precedence, as first in order.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 nsk his consent.
' Mr. DAVIS. This bill will take but a few
minutes, I hope, i move to take up Senate bill
No. 452, to regulate theappointment of midship-
men Lo the Naval Academy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration ofthe bill*, the pending question being on
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs to add the following as an additional
section;
Sto. 2. -Jlnii be it further enacted, That the jippomtments
heretofore made of midshipmen to the Naval Academy h>
the President and Secretary of the Navy b *, and the tame
are hereby, ratified and confirmed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon thatuuesnon I should
like to have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mi. GRIMES. I do not suppose it makes a
particle of difference whether that amendment be
adopted or not. It does not in my view, because
I have no sort of question as to th*' logalifr of the
appointments, and I do not suppose any action we
may take by adopting this amendment as* a new
section will change it one way or the other. But
I wish to say one or jtwo things in reply to the
remarks that fell from the Senator from Ohio the
other day, because those remarks? if theygo out
to the country unchallenged, will certainly give a
very wrong impression. -
In the first place, the Senator stated that the
Committee on Naval Affairs were unanimous m
favor of the resolution that was submitted to the
Senate, and was passed here. He is so reported.
The Senator now occupying the chair [Mr. Foot]
is aware that that is an error. Some of th£ mem-
bers of the committee who believed that the Pres-
ident had the power—for these appointments were
not made by the Secretary, but by the President
—were willing to agree to the resolution thatthfe
Secretary had no such power; butan understand-
inland agreementat the same time was made that
this clause that is appended to the bill now under
consideration should be attached to and made a
part of that report. Why it was not thus at-
tached, I do not pretend to know, because it is a
matter in which 1 have no particular interest. So
far as this amendment is concerned, I do not care
whether it be adopted or not, and 1 would just as
lief vote against it as for it, because I do not think
there is any act required in order to confirm thosfc
appointments; and I am rather inclined, therefore,
to vote against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Iowa ad-
mits that this amendment is totally immaterial,
and I think thatisasuflicientreason why we should
all vote against it; but I will further state that if
this amendment goes to the House of Represent-
atives it will almost undoubtedly defeat the bill, be-
cause the House, by a decidcd vote, has declared
that these appointments were illegal. I recom-
mend the Senator from Kentucky, therefore, if he
desires to pass his bill, to see to it th*£ this amend-
ment certainly be defeated, becauiS this amend-
ment ratifies.and confirms the appointments of
some sixty-seven cadets made, as the Senate have
said and as the House of Representatives have
said, without authority of law. I think, therefore,
on the simple statement of the Senator from Iowa,
the amendment ought to be voted down. 1 have
no doubt the question will come up before us on
the naval appropriation bill, and an effort will be
made to withhold appropriations for these illegal
•appointments.
Mr. GRIMES. If we are going to be controlled
in ottr action by what the House of Representa-
tives will probably do, we had better not pass this
bill; because I have not the slightest idea it will
ever be adopted by the House of Representatives.
Since I have been here, and it is only a short time,
we have on two or three occasions sent just such
bills to the House of Representatives, and they
have refused to enact them into laws, because
they claim, in some way or other, that the pre-
rogative of appointing midshipmen and cadets to
the Naval and Military Academics belongs exclu-
sively to them. Instead of their having appended
to the naval appropriation bill,as the Senator from
Ohio seems to suppose, a clause that they will
withhold appropriations for the support of the
young men now at the Naval Academy who he
thinks have been illegally appointed, they have
^dded a clause to that bill which gives to each
member of the House the appointment of one ad-
ditional cadet to the Naval School. That is the
shape in which the naval appropriation bill comes
to us. As to their taking up this bill and giving
some of this patronage to us, instead of taking it
all to themselves, if they do it, they will do some-
thing that they have always refused to do hith-
erto. It is perfectly immaterial to me whether the
amendment be adopted or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pend-
ing amendment, the yeas and nays have been or-
dered. The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the call with th&
consent ofthe Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the demand for tho y«>as and nays ean be
withdrawn. It requires one fifth of the body to
order them, so that the call cannot be withdrawn
at the instance of a single member; but if there
be no objection, the call for the yeas and nays wdl
be regarded as withdrawn. The question is on
