1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
offense;" but they go about in the dark, and they
whisper into the ear of those in authority charges
against men better than themselves. The charge
is believed. No opportunity is given to the per-
sons accused of rebutting it or of meeting it, but
they arc imprisoned for months upon months to
gratify the malice, perhaps, of a personal enemy.
The prisons are full of men put in in that way.
I do not think any Government ought to encour-
age such a miserable set of vermin; for I can tell
you, sir, if a man has not the honest manhood
and boldness, when he wishes to arrest one of his
fellow-citizens, to come out openly and say, " I,
sir, arrest you; I charge you with high crimes,
and I stand ready before the tribunals to make the
charges good," he is wholly unworthy of confi-
dence, and he is a poor, miserable, truckling cow-
ard; and no Government should deprive any citi-
zen of his liberty on the testimony or the assertion
of any man who is not willing to meet the accused
face to face and make good his charge.
The gentleman from Illinois said we could base
nothing on this resolution, if the information asked
should be given. Why, sir, if we get a detail of
the facts, we will be enabled to legislate in such
manner as to protect the rights of the citizen, and
pass laws punishing more severely your civil au-
thorities and your military authorities for depriv-
ing the citizens of their liberty. None of them
are above the law. Whenever the magistracy get
above the law, then you have a despotism. I
want the facts. 1 want them with the view that
if these men are innocent they may be discharged.
I want them with another view, that if they are
guilty, they may be handed over to the courts and
be punished. Does a magistrate, who arrests a
man he knows to be guilty, discharge his duty by
locking him up for months, and then discharging
him withouttrial? No, sir; if he knows the man
to be guilty, he ought to hand him over to the
courts and have him punished for the offense.
That is his duty; and if he lets ium go when he
is guilty, or imprisons him when he is innocent,
he should receive the condemnation of all honest
men, of all lovers of civil liberty. Talk to me,
sir, about the kindness of the Administration lock-
ing up men in this way! Sir, if a man is guilty,
it is their duty to hand him over to the courts and
Have him punished for the infraction of the law.
If he is innocent, it is a greater duty to see that
his liberty is not encroached upon.
I hope the resolution will pass, and the inform-
ation sought can do no harm, and may do great
good.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from Kentucky tells us that lie
would not take an oath of allegiance to the coun-
try if he were arrested under the circumstances
which now surround us. I would, sir; I have no
hesitation in saying that I would do it, and do it
cheerfully.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator will allow me
one word. It is rather a broad expression to say
that t would not take an oath of allegiance. I am
ready«as a loyal man to take all the oaths required
of me by the Constitution and laws of my coun-
try; but £ would not take an oath not required by
law.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Gov-
ernment ordered the oath of allegiance to be ad-
ministered to men in the various Departments m
the service of the country, eating their bread from
this Government, some of whom were known or
believed to be disloyal. The loyal men in the De-
partments cheerfully, ay, joyfully, took the oath
of fidelity to their country. Some of the men who
sympathized with the traitois took the oath to
save their offices. Some of those men declined to
take the oath; they were not going to be degraded
by taking an oath of fidelity to the country. They
would not degrade themselves. Not they! They
went out of office, and some of them are this day
fighting in the ranks of the rebellion. Sir, I do
not believe there is a loyal man who comprehends
this rebellion, who believes that the men that have
raised the standard of revolt are responsible for
this civil war, who is ready to use all the means
that God and nature have putin our hands to sup-
press this rebellion, that would shrink from taking,
an oath to support the country. Sir, the loyai
heart of America would joyfully swear, by Him
who liveth evermore, fidelity to the Republic from
the risingof the sun to the going down of the sun.
Yes, sir5 the loyal heart of America would joy-
fully renew its vow of fidelity to the Republic
whenever and wherever summoned to do so.
Then the Senator tells us, too, that these arrests
are to stop; that the people of the country have
pronounced against them. Sir, I do not under-
stand that the people of this country have pro-
nounced against arresting traitors or men who aid
those in rebellion against the country. If you
were to submit to the American people the ques-
tion put by the Senator from Maine to the Senator
from Kentucky—a question which the Senator
from Kentucky shrank from answering—the loyal
people of the country would give a vote approach-
ing unanimity in the affirmative. The Senator
from Kentucky tells us that the elections have set-
tled this question. The elections have settled this
question ! All I understand the elections to have
settled, is that the Administration party are not
strong enough to whip the southern Democrats
who are in rebellion against the country and the
northern Democratic party: that is all. Yes, sir,
that is all the recent elections have settled. The
Republicans of the loyal States could not send men
enough into the land of the rebellion to crush the
southern Democratic rebels,and leave men enough
at home to vote down the Democratic party, and
so they were defeated. Sir, I venture to say that
if the men who voted for Abraham Lincoln for
President of the United States cou'ld have been at
home to vote, the Administration would have had
a majority in every State that voted for Lincoln
in 1860.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A very largely increased
one.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir, an
I increased majority; for there was hardly a State
where the supporters of the Administration did
not receivo the votes of hundreds, and m some
States thousands, of loyal Democrats who voted
against us in I860. Take the vote of Iowa. The
Iowa soldiers had the right to vote; and fighting
the battles of their country, with arms in their
hands, they gave fourteen thousand votes for the
Admimstiation to four thousand against the Ad-
ministration. The soldiers of Wisconsin had the
right to vote; and away from home, around their
j camp fires, they gave about five votes to one in
I support of the Administration. The Democratic
j party, that undertook to put a partisan constitu-
I lion upon the people of Illinois, gave liberty to
j the soldiers to vote; and their commissioners pro-
ceeded to take the vote until they found ten thou-
sand against the constitution and twenty-five hun-
dred fur it, and they thought soldiers had better
stop voting. Sir, three fourths of the men who
are fighting the battles of the country this day and
this hour in the field, who are legal voters, would
vote to support theAdministiatii>n,and two thirds
of them did vote to elect the Administration.
Thousand of the men who,-in 1860, voted for
Douglas—men who are now baring their breasts
to the enemies of their country, to the men who
struck down their favorite leader in 1860—where
ever they have had the opportunity to vote, at
home or m the Army, have given their votes to
the support of the Administration and the cause
of their country. 1 read in these elections noth-
ing but confidence, nothing but an expression of
the confidence of the American people m this Ad-
ministration. All I see in the elections, all the
elections teach me, is that the men who support
the Administration cannot fill up the Army and
defeat their political opponents everywhere at
home at the same time. Sir, these elections,un-
der the appalling circumstances around us, afford
ample evidence of the stiength and power of the
Republican party, which now stands before the
nations, m the flashing light of passing events, as
the party of the Constitution and of the Union,
of liberty and progress, of humanity and civiliza-
tion. Here and there a Republican, who voted
for Lincoln in I860, may have fallen out of the
ranks of the Republican hosts; but where one has
dropped out of those ranks, ten brave, loyal Dem-
ocrats have crowded into them.
Talk not to me that the American people are
not m favor of arresting spies and traitors and j
traders with rebels, and men'who are giving aid
and comfort to the enemies of their country ! Sir, i
I believe it is a libel upon the American people. I
Dayaflerduy, through the public press, they have ;
demanded that the Administration should arrest j
spies and traitors, and these arrests have been j
made in obedience to the voice of the people. That i
Eersons have been arrested under charges-which
ave proved not to be well founded, tHeyq fee
no doubt. A few mistakes have been nagfrte Hfhkih
all of us deplore. > ' - \
The Senator from Kentucky talks about" thou-
sands of arrests having been made by theGrOt-
ernment. Why, sir, there hav§ not been ^seveh
hundred men arrested by the Administration dur-
ing the last eighteen months; and the men arres&tl
in Kentucky were arrested by the military au-
thorities, by the Union men of his own "State.
He talks about trying these men in the courts.
We arrested that blatant traitor, Governor Mdre-
head, of Kentucky, who is now in England, labor-
ing with all his power for the destruction of his
country. Would the Senator have had hira tried?
Tried where? Tried in Kentucky. Does that
Senator believe that Charles Morehead, whose
treason is now manifest, could have been tried and
convicted in Kentucky at the time he was arrested?
Does not the Senator know, does not everybody
know, what the condition of Kentucky was at that
time? Talk about trying disloyal men in Ken-
tucky when Governor Morehead and others were
arrested ! It would have been an impossibility'to
obtain a conviction at that time. 1 am not sura
a traitor could be convicted there now.
Many of these men were arrested; and in a few
weeks the danger in their locality passed away,
and the Government readily opened the prison
doors and let them out; let them go as men who
could do no particular harm. In other cases it
was found that they were ready to clear themselves
of the charges made against them, to make ex-
planations, to declare that they were in favor of
supporting their country, and they were allowed
to depart.
That this Government has wantonly arrested and
imprisoned any man with any other design than
to promote the public good, I do not believe. I
know that these arrests have been made with the
greatest reluctance. Why, sir, the departments
of your Government have to-day thousands of
pages of charges against men arrested, and men of
whom complaints were made, but who have never
been arrested. I will tell the Senator from Ohio
that I learn that it would take a hundred clerks
for weeks to copy the evidence against the men
who have been arrested. The Departments are
full of evidence against men who have been arrest-
ed, and against hundreds of men who have not been
arrested, for the reason that the Government did
not wish to make these arrests unless an overpow-
ering necessity required the arrests to be made.
That these arrests have been unfortunate in many
cases and in some places is admitted, but, sir, we
all understand how easy it is to excite the passions
and prejudices of men, and to arouse the sympa-
thies of the people maddened by the arts of dema-
gogues.
Sir, it is easy enough to appeal to popular prej-
udice and popular passion; it is easy enough to
delude and deceive those who are already deluded
and deceived; it is easy enough to find fault and
to criticise; but I believe, and i am going to act
on that belief—and if I did not believe it I would
act upon it—that if the question were put to the
American people to-day, whether the President,
in the condition of the country through which we
have passed, and the public dangers to which we
have been exposed, should arrest men for prob-
able cause, and safely hold those men, the people
who have sent their sons by the hundreds of
thousands to the battle fields and poured out their
treasure like water in defense of the Union would
say to the Administration, "Arrest dangerous
men: try them if you can; if you cannot try them
safely hold them until they cease to be dangerous
to the country." That is my belief; butif I did
not believe it I would act upon it. In these days of
peril a public man should look to God, to his own
heart, reason, and conscience for guidance. He
should rise to the demands of the occasion. For
myself, sir, I am for the country; I am for its
preservation at any cost, and at any sacrifice of
blood and treasure; and I do not ask what the
public sentiment is in any portion of the country.
1 go for the country even if it leads me and those
who act with me to the scaffold. I am for march-
ing right straight forward and onward, smiting
down rebels who are in arms against the country,
and clutching traitors wherever I can find them,
and holding them so long as they are dangerous
to my country. I am ready to take the response
