36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
ibility, to walk the path of duty though it may
bo darkened by the envenomed shafts hurled by
the hands of a betrayed, deluded, and maddened
people.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, as I propose
to vote for this resolution, and all those of similar
character mailing inquiries on subjects in regard
to which it is proper that the Senate and the coun-
try should be informed, it may, perhaps, be proper
that I should give afew reasons whylshalldoso.
In the first place, according to my understand-
ing of the form and theory of our Government, I
think there is no administrative act in regard to
/which the people should not have information. In
my opinion, there is no publicact, no administra-
tive act, which should be kept from the people;
but in voting that the causes of these arrests and
the names of the parties should be laid before the
Senate, I do not give that vote with the intention
of censuring the Administration for the arrest.
Sir, X think I have as tender a regard for the lib-
erties of the people as any man; and I am not en-
tirely ignorant of those salutary lessons which are
taught by English history, that the restraint of the
liberty of the subject had much to do with depos-
ing the monarch; that it cost Charles his head, and
James his crown, and made him a vagrant wan-
derer. "While I am not entirely ignorant of those
circumstances, and what led to those results, I be-
lieve that the time has arrived in this country,
under the peculiar circumstances which now exist,
when it is necessary that the power of the Gov-
ernment should be exerted to arrest certain men
in our community who are doing all they can to
stir up strife and treason among the loyal people.
Sir, where is the use of your furnishing men,
arms, and money in prosecute a war against the
South if you permit your own citizens to furnish
all the aid and comfort in their power to the en-
emy, and to give them all the information they can
obtain ?
I do not lenow whether these arrests are entirely
legal or not. The question as to the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus I propose to say noth-
ing about; but I am in favor of supporting the Gov-
ernment by all legitimate means. The people
who sentme hero are a Union-loving, law-abiding
people. All their hopes are bound up with the
Constitution and the Union. I am for supporting
the Government under the Constitution. I do not
know how much of the Constitution will be left
when this rebellion is over; 1 do not know that the
Constitution can possibly survive the rebellion;
but I am in favor of putting down treason and sup-
porting the Government within the bounds of the
Consiitution if tliatis possible: if thatisimpossi-
b!c, I am in favor of doing it anyhow.
Some persons, doubtless, have been arrested
who ought not to have been. The President has
exercised that power at his peril, and it is our duty
to let the country know in what manner he has
exercised it. Nodoubt persons have been arrested
who should not have been arrested, but Iknow a
great many have run at large who should have been,
arrested. I heard Senators on this floor, prior to
the 4th of March and after the 4th of March, 1861,
denounce tins Government in the most defiant
terms. _ They inaugurated the rebellion here, and
they said they intended to carry it through, and
they denied upon your own floor and in your own
presence that they owed any allegiance to this
Government.
1 knew a young man in this city who came to
me and told me he was going to join the rebel
army; that he had recommendations from Sena-
tors in order to procure a commission in the rebel
tinny. He told me all about them. I think he
ought to have been arrested. I do not know that
the young man couid have done much harm in the
South, for he was as mean and low-lived a crea-
ture as I ever know, and as worthless a vagabond
as ever throw himself on the outside of a°i;nt of
mean whisky. [Laughter.]
Another individual came here after Iliad taken
my seat upon this door, a man who had been a
former resident of Oregon, and who was sent on
here for the purpose of going to Charleston to
make my illustrious predecessor President of the
United States. After the breaking up of the
Chaileston convention, he neglected to leturn.
When the rebellion broke out 'he became an offi-
cer in the rebel army. It seems that, by some
means, he got leave of absence, as about half of
our officers are getting now, to be absent from his
command, and he came up here to collecta claim
which the Government of the United States owed
him for services rendered in the Indian wars in
Oregon. I was not cognizant of the fact of his
having been in the rebel army, and he made a
tool of me to the extent of going to the Treasury
Department with him and introducing him and
identifying him in order that he might obtain his
claim. He succeeded in getting a part of his claim,
and went back to the southern confederacy and
rejoined the army. A gentleman has recently in-
formed me that he saw the same man in Phila-
delphia, who told him that he had not got all his
pay; that the Government still owed him a certain
amount, and he was coming here for it. [Laugh-
ter.] He acknowledged to my informant that he
was in the battle of Pea Ridge, the battle of Shi-
loh, and the battle of Antietam, and he said he
was coming here to get the balance of his claim
on leave of absence from the confederate govern-
ment. [Laughter.]
I think there is a case where, although perhaps
it might not be exactly in accordance with legal
forms, it would be proper to arrest a man and de-
prive him of his liberty for the time being. If I
were President of the United States, (which God
save me from ever being!) I would exercise the
power anyhow. I would exercise it in all such
cases, and, as I said before, it is a power that must
be exercised by the President at his peril. If he
does wrong it is proper that the country should
know it. If he violates the rights of citizens, and
wrongfully arrests people against whom there is
no evidence or suspicion, I think itis very proper
that the country should know it, and that it should
be laid before the Senate.
We all know, in relation to this matter of taking
oaths, that they do not amount to much. We rec-
ollect reading the story of the rattlesnake, cap-
tured in Western Virginia, which the soldier pro-
posed to swear and turn loose. [Laughter.] A
great many of these gentlemen have been sworn
and turned loose. In my opinion some of them
ought to have been shot. Sir, when aman makes
up his mind to become a traitor to such a Govern-
ment as this, and cause its overthrow, and takes
arms in his hands for the purpose of consumma-
ting that act, his oath is not worth a straw; and if
the evidence is conclusive that he harbors and en-
tertains those designs with the intention of putting
them into effect, 1 think he ought to be restrained
of his liberty, and prevented from consummating
such a wrong. I do not pretend to justify anybody
in restraininganybody else of his liberty, and I do
not justify it. As I stated before, I am not igno-
rant of the sacredness of personal liberty; but I
think this Government, this Constitution, this
Union, arc paramount to all other considerations,
and I think their preservation is far above the per-
sonal liberty of any single individual or any fifty
individuals or any five hundred individuals.
With these views, Mr. President, I propose to
vote for the resolution of the gentleman from Del-
aware.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Kentucky made a persbnal appeal to me
to know whether I, if arrested, would be willing
for the sake of obtaining my liberty to take an oath
ofalleginncetothoGovernmentoftheUnited States.
1 answer, that 1 would. I look upon the question
of being required to take an oath of fealty or alle-
giance to theGovernmentas being a very different
thing from what it would be if 1 were asked to
swear fealty to any particular party, or to any sect
in religion, or that 1 favored any particular belief.
On a question of that kind, instead of taking an
oath, a man could very properly go to the Scaf-
fold or to the stake. But, sir, oil the simple ques-
tion of whether he is loyal to the Government or
not, it seems to me that any man can properly
make an oath to thjit effect, if ho is loyal; or ho
can give his certificate to that effect. 1 presume
every Senator on this floor has had occasion to
cross the Potomac to visit a friend in,one of those
camps orforts. Whenever we ask permission to
go there do we not have to get a pass, and give
our pledge of honor, which is perhaps equivalent
to our oath, that we are loyal to the Government ?
By what law am I restrained of my libertyof cross-,
ing the Potomac unless I give my oath or my
certificate of honor that I am a loyal citizen of the
United States? Where do you find it in the Con-
stitution ?
As I said ihe other day, and there has been no
answer made to it on this floor, even if you main-
tain that there is a technical illegality in the form
of the arrest of these men, there is no oppression
practiced by the Government upon the men who
are arrested upon suspicion when they are told,
"Sir, if you are loyal, say so; if you will swear
fealty to this Government, and that you are a
loyal citizen, it shall overcome the effect of our
suspicions." This is in the case of men who are
arrested upon suspicion merely; not men who are
arrested upon evidence. There is no difficulty in
those cases where the evidence is plain and pal-
pable. They can be handed over to the courts;
they can be arrested and held; but there are eases
where it is necessary to arrest upon suspicion
merely. Now, take this case: we all know that
Joe Johnston—I believe that is the one—for nearly
a month after Mr. Lincoln came into power was
your Quartermaster General. He resigned to
join the confederate army. Your officers in the
Navy resigned, and wentover and joined the con-
federates. Here comes home another officer from
the sea, who sends in his resignation to the Gov-
ernment. What is that for? The Government
suspects that by resigning in our service, he means
to join the confederates, and bathe his hands in
the blood of our sons, and overthrow the Repub-
lic; and what do they do? The very fact that he
resigns is suspicion enough, and the Government
puts its hand upon him. " Sir, you are arrested;
swear to support the Government of the United
States; that you are loyal; and you may go at
liberty; if you do not, you must wait until this
fight is over."
Mr. President, Senators on this floor seem to
labor under the greatest misapprehension in the
world, in my judgment. They seem to think that
this country is not at war in all its length and
breadth; in all its entirety. They seem to think,
although the Government of the United States,
extending from the Lakes to the Gulf and from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, is struggling in a gigantic
civil war for its very life, that that war exists only
where the armies happen to meet upon the field
of battle. Sir, it is at war throughout its whole
length and breadth. It is at war in Kentucky, in
Tennessee; itis at war in Illinois, Pennsylvania,
Wisconsin, Maine, and New Hampshire. Take
the very case which the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire has stated this morning, where
men organized together in a band and marched
through the streets of one of the towns of New
Hampshire, fired on the flag of the United States,
and went into a meeting where they were raising
volunteers, to discourage and prevent, it. Why,
sir, there was actual war in New Hampshire;
and in my own State, where the poor ignorant
people of one of our counties, most of whom do
not speak our language, and do not fully under-
stand what is going on, were imposed upon, and
told that if they voted the Democratic ticket this
fall there should be no draft into the Army, some
two hundred of them, I believe, rose in actual
rebellion against the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and made %vm- on the
men who were drafting the soldiers into the Army.
What was the consequence? The troops in the
service of the United States were ordered upon
the field, and they arrested these men; and, sir,
how did they take them? They took them as
prisoners of war.
Sir, let me put the case back to the Senator
from Kentucky. Does he not know that all over
Kentucky war has not only legally existed, but
that octual conflicts have been taking place ? The
commander of our army, as he marches with his
army into Kentucky, must judge, upon his dis-
cretion and responsibility, whether the people he
meets there are loyal or disloyal, pie makes ar-
rests. He says to those whom he arrests, '• take
the oath of allegiance nnd you will be discharged ;
if you will not take the oath you shall be held as
prisoners." Suppose the men who have fought
against us in Kentucky run over into Ohio, and
the President catches them there, are they not still
held as prisoners of war? Suppose they run into
Pennsylvania, arid he finds that the men who have
been engaged m fighting our armies down in Vir-
ginia have escaped into Pennsylvania, and he
takes them there, he takes them as prisoners of
war. Suppose he finds deserters there from our
own Army, ho seizes them as deserters. Suppose
he finds men who are acting the part of spies upon
us, in Pennsylvania, he seizes them as spies.
