1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Suppose he finds men there actually engaged in
furnishing means to the enemy in those States
where conflict actually takes place, he seizes them
as being guilty of war; and when the Senator
from Kentucky asks me by what law are these
men taken, I tell him by the law of war. We are
not at peace. Does not the Senator from Ken-
tucky know that we are at war; that the whole
country is at war; that the law of war is in
operation in Wisconsin as well as in Kentucky,
in New York as well as in Mississippi? If a spy
is found in either of those States he is taken by
the law of war. If a man is found actually en-
gaged in furnishing means to the enemy, he is
taken by the law of war, and held by the law of
war, and by him who is Commander-in-Chief of
our armies in time of war. If we were at peace,
if peace prevailed throughout the*United States,
I agree with the Senator from Kentucky that you
should guard the liberty of every citizen by all
the laws of pcace; but, sir, when weeare in war
the laws of war prevail, and the President, as
Commander-in-Chief, must exercise these laws
of war; and if he confines the exercise of that
power- to questions bearing upon the war, upon
the rebellion, upon the insurrection, he is exer-
cising a constitutional, and, I will say further, a
legal power; because when in a state of war he is
clothed with the authority to exercise the laws of
war in tins country.
But, Mr. President, the point which I made, and
the only point which I intended in the beginning
to make, was to reply to this charge of oppres-
sion on the part of the Government. Even if tech-
nically the rules of civil rights might be invaded,
I have been informed, and I believe that informa-
tion is correct, that the prison door has been open
to all these persons who have been arrested upon
suspicion—suspicion that they were in sympathy
with treason, that they were furnishing means to
traitors, or that they were about to join the trai-
tors—if they would hut swear to be loyal to the
Government of the United States; and it is no
oppression upon a loyal man to take the oath of
allegiance. I say to the Senator from Kentucky
that this war is pressing upon us in a manner
which is serious and in earnest, ft is a struggle
for our national existence, a struggle for our life;
and it is a time when we must cease all tufling and
all mere technicalities. Sir, our friends have gone
into this war and been sacrificed by thousands
upon thousands. Some have fallen in battle; some
have fallen in hospitals and by disease; some have
sickened and come home to die. We know all
these things, and have been made to feel them.
We have looked upon the graves of our friends,
upon the graves of our children; and, sir, in all
the earnestness that the human heart can have,
we are determined, come what will of suffering,
of sacrifice, life, or death, we will crush this re-
bellion and all its aiders and abettors. In spite
of treason at home, treason in the slave States or
treason in the free States; in spite of ail interven-
tion, threatened, actual, or real, let it come from
what source it may, this Government shall live
and not die.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to say a single word
in reply to the point made by the Senator from
Wisconsin. The oath which has been required
from many of these persons is not simply an oath
of allegiance, but is far wider than that. I repeat
again, if I were arrested for an offense I would not
purge myself by any oath. I would meet my
accusers and be acquitted upon the merits of the
case, but I would do nothing which could by the
slightest innuendo or inference be construed into
an admission that I was guilty. I would be willing
to take all the oaths prescribed by the Constitu-
tion and laws of my country; but if any official
had set himself up as a little despot outside of the
Constitution and laws, and had arrested me ille-
gally and unlawfully, and then required, as a con-
dition of my freedom, that I should take an oath
prescribed by him, I would never agree to it.
But the Senator says the law by which this is
done is the law of war. I thought I understood
what the laws of war were. All the laws of war
we have in this country arc the Articles of War,
which are statutes passed by the Congress of the
United States for the government of the Army,*
and those who are not in the land or naval ser-
vice are not subject to those laws and Articles of
War. That is tfic Constitution of his country and
my country, i will read it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him 
Mr. POWELL. I shall be through in a mo-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask a question
of the Senator from Wisconsin in connection with
the Senator's observation, if he will allow me.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly; I yield.
Mr. McDOUGALL. As the Senator-from Wis-
consin has stated that all that was required of per-
sons who were arrested on suspicion of being ad-
verso to the Government was tin oath of fealty to
the Government, I wish to ask him whether he is
not advised that the military power of the Govern-
ment has required not only the oath of fealty but
also a special oath something in this nature: the
party solemnly swears that he will not hold the
persons^arrcsting him responsible in civil damages
at any future time.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I have never heard of such
a thing.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say then to the
Senator I am, I think, well advised that by direc-
tion of the War Department such an oath was ad-
ministered toagentleman who was a candidate for
Representative from Iowa, who was discharged.
His name, I think, is Mahoncy. They required
that oath of him, and I am advised they required
the same oath of others. I am well advised that
the evidence of it is in the War Department. I
call the attention of the Senator from Wisconsin
to it now, because this question has become some-
what important in its dimensions at least. He
may inquire into it for himself.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will pardon me, I will state to the Senator
from Wisconsin that a gentleman residing in the
town in which I live was arrested by military au-
thority and carried to Cambridge, Maryland; there
the affidavits were examined and he was released;
and he informed me that he was required to take
an oath that he would not prosecute the persons
who arrested him.
Mr. POWELL. I had but one further remark
to make, and that was that I do not think the laws
of war, to which the Senator from Wisconsin al-
luded, reach this case.4 Those laws of war, the
Articles of War, apply to those engaged in the
land or naval service. You cannot try them by
summary military courts. Under the laws of war
you can try and punish by courts-martial those
who arc in the land or naval service, but you can-
not try those outside of the service. I say, there-
fore, that the laws of war do not reach these cases.
As to these oaths, I have seen many of them,
and they are about as various as the commandcrs
of the different posts, and they require many things
outside of the oath of allegiance.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to;
adjourned.
and the Senate
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 9, 18G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OP WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. BIDDLE obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of Senate bill No. 365,
providing for the admission of tho State of West
Virginia into the Union, which was postponed at
the last session to this day.
Mr. BINGHAM. If no gentleman desires to
discuss this question, I will ask that it be put on
its passage. It is important that it should be
passed at this time.
Mr. CONWAY. Let me have the floor for a
few moments.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Kansas.
Mr. CONWAY. I have no objection.to the
erection of a new State in Western Virginia. I be-
lieve theinhabitantsofthatsectionare thoroughly
I loyal; that they are opposed to slavery; and would
{ make a prosperous and powerful State. I would
j be most happy to vote for their admission, if their
i application came to us in a proper and constitu-
tional form. I wish we had organized a territorial
government in Western Virginia at the outset 'o|
the rebellion. We could then;have passed an e%
abling act, and the Territory could now come fort
ward and ask to be admitted as a State, in a rftar&te?
to admit of no exception or dispute. - - . j-, -
This bill is not so much for the adniisslon ©f a
new State as it is for the division of an old.one;
Nevertheless, I would have no objection .to that,
were it presented under proper conditions. But
the Constitution of the United States requires that}
no State shall be divided unless the assent of its
Legislature be first obtained.
While I am willing to palliate, and even justify,
at times, a liberal construction of the Constitution,
for ends clearly necessary and beneficial, I cannot
consent to measures which set at naught unques-
tionable and fundamental principles. If this Gov-
ernment has any lawful authority, it has it by
reason of its constitutionality; and there is no
Government at all outside of the Constitution.
I do not regard this proposed division of Vir-
ginia as having received that assent from the Le-
gislature of the State which the Constitution re-
quires. Here, of course, however, is a question;
and the question turns on whether the State of
Virginia of which a Mr. Pierpont is Governor, is
the*lawful State or not. I do not believe that it is.
This Pierpont State is an institution of very re-
cent origin. It started into existence about two
years ago, and isa spontaneous production of thu
soil. A number of individuals met at Wheeling,
and, without any legal authority whatever, ar-
ranged a plan for a government. Several persons
have since been holding themselves out as offi-
cials of this organization, including Pierpont, the
Governor; but to what extent it executes the
actual functions of a government does not satis-
factorily appear.
It is true, the President of the United States has
recognized this as the actual State of Virginia;
and acting upon his sanction the Senate has ad-
mitted its Senators into that body. But this is
of no binding force upon us. On the contrary, if
the President and Senate are wrong in so grave a
matter, it is the more important that the House
of Representatives should be right.
The argument in favor of the validity of the
Wheeling government is that the original §tate
of Virginia fell into treason and became null and
void, and caused a vacuum which could only be
filled in this way. Now this is entirely unsatis-
factory to me; for, in the first place, I do not see
how a State can fall into treason; and secondly,
if it should, what right Mr. Pierpont would have
to assume the office of Governor over any other
individual who might wish it. Where did the law
come from which gave him his warrant? From
a mob or a mass meeting? Neither mobs nor
mass meetings make laws under our system.
It seems to me that this presents a question of
the utmost magnitude, as touching other matters
than the one immediately under consideration.
Eleven States have placcd themselves in the same
situation as Virginia; and m order to proceed
towards them justly and propeily, it is necessary
to adopt correct legal principles at the outset. I
have serious reason to believe that it is the inten-
tion of the President to encourage the formation
of State organizations in all the seceded States.
A policy seems about to be inaugurated looking
to an assumption of State powers by a few indi-
viduals, wherever a militaiy or oilier encampment
can be effected in any of the rebellious districts.
The utter and flagrant unconstitutionality of this
scheme—I may say, its radically revolutionary
character—ought to expose it to the reprobation
of every loyal citizen and every member of this
House. It aims at an utter subversion of our con-
stitutional system. Its effect would be to consol-
idate all the powers of the Government in the
hands of the Executive. With the admission of
this new State, tho President will have substan-
tially created four Senators—two for Virginiaand
two for West Virginia. He will also have sub-
stantially created fifteen electoial votes for Presi-
dent, as belonging to the State of Virginia, and six
or eight as belonging to the new State, besides
the number of members of this House to which
West Virginia will be entitled, and also the num-
ber which may come in hereafter from the so-called
Virginia itself, under Mr. Pierpont's certificate.
Now, suppose this scheme is carried into the
other seceded States; and if it be right here it is
