1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proposed new State, but held throughout Virginia
wherever loyal men chose to hold them, from one
end of the Commonwealth to the other, and the
body thus elected assumed the legislative func-
tions of the people.
Now, I was astonished that a gentleman, appar-
ently so well versed in political and constitutional
law as the gentleman from Kansas, should ac-
knowledge the validity of the act of secession.
That has been denied by all our statesmen. The
power to secede has been denied, and can be most
successfully denied. It is not vrithin the power
of a State to secede. The Constitution has pre-
scribed the only mode in which a State can be re-
lieved from all the obligations assumed by her;
and although the State of Virginia could not com-
mit treason, her functionaries might, and leave
the legislative and executive power with the peo-
ple, to whom they originally and primitively be-
longed. I deny that any of the States are out of
thisUnion. I maintain that the President is right
in the position he takes in his efforts to restore the
Union and bring back the States to their alle-
giance, and to the position they formerly occupied
under the Constitution; that they do not become
Territories; that they are still States bound to this
Government by the Constitution of the United
States; and that they cannot be released until they
are released by the action of this Government under
the Constitution.
Mr. MA LLORY. I wish to know from the gen-
tleman from Western Virginia whether, in this Le-
gislature which gave its consent to the division of
the State of Virginia, and which consented to the
admission of Western Virginia into the Union,
there were any counties represented except those
which compose the State of Western Virginia.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Yes, sir."
Mr. MALLORY. How manj'?
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Alexandria and
Fairfax, and two or three more.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand, then,from the
gentleman from Virginia, that more than one half
of the counties of the State of Viiginia, as we have
always understood Virginia, were not at all rep-
resented in that Legislature.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I presume that a
majority of those counties had no representatives
there.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I would like to know
if all the counties of the State were not invited to
send representatives to form that Legislature?
Mr. BROWN, of Vnginia. All were expressly
invited.
Mr. MALLORY. Although they were all
invited,! wish to ask my friend from Virginia
whether they were not so completely under the
military control and oppression of a foreign gov-
ernment as to render it impossible to obey that
call, and send representatives?
Mr. BROWN,of Virginia. Thatisafactabout
which I cannot speak; they may have been under
such intimidation, or they may not have sought
opportunity to send representatives. It is suffi-
cient for me to say that they were invited to co-
operate, and if they staid away it was their fault,
not ours. They were invited to act, and if they
were loyal men, they ought to have acted with us.
If they were disloyal, they should have 110 voice
cither in the Legislature of Virginia, or in this
body.
I desire now to read the consent of the Legis-
lature of Virginia, and it will be found to be in
almost the identical language of the act of the
Legislature giving its consent to the formation of j
the new State of Kentucky. It is as follows; !
"1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly, That the con- ;
sent of the Legislature of Vugium bo, and ttic fame is hero- ;
by, given to the formation and erection of tho State ot West j
Virginia within the jurisdiction of this State, to include the ;
counties of Hancock, Bi.ooke, Ohio, Maisbidl, YVotzoij i
Marion, Monongalia, Pn  ton. Tavlor. T\hi. Plea anN, j
Ritchie, Doddiidgo, Harrison.Wood, .laekson,Y\Tiit,l!oane, ■
Calhoun. Gilmei. Jlarboui, Tuckei, Lewis, liiaxton. Up- I
shui, Randolph, Mason, Putnam, Kanawha. Clay. Nieho- j
las, Cabell, Wayne, Uoone, Log-m, Wyoming, Meicei, I
McDowell, Wob&tei, Pocahonta-, Favette,Ilak-igh,Gteen- I
brici, Monroe, Pendleton, Ilaidy, Ilainp^ime, and Moigan, i
according to the boundaries and undor tb^ provisions t {
foirh in the constitution for the said State of ' West Vir- I
gmia' and the schedule thereto annexed, pioposed by the 1
convention which n-ocmbjed at Wheeling on the 26th day !
of November. 1861. [
"0. }'je it further enacted. That the consent of the Lc- t
gislamiv of Vngn.ia be, and ihe same i>; lieiobv.given that i
the counties of iieikeley, Joffotj.on, and Pnjdeuck, --halt be J
included in and hum pait of the State of Wen Virginia, |
whenever the voters ot said counties shall ratify and assent i
to the said constitution, at an election held for the purpose
at such time and under such regulations as the commis-
sioners named in the said schedule may prescribe.
" 3. Be it further enacted, That this act shall be trans-
mitted by the Executive to the Senators and .Representa-
tives of this Commonwealth in Congress, together with a
certified original of the said constitution and schedule, and
the said Senators and Representatives arc hereby requested
to use their endeavors to obtain the consent of Congress to
the admission of the State of West Virginia into the Union.
ec 4. This act shall be 111 force from and after its passage."
There is the consent of the body which I have
been endeavoring to show is the loyal Legislature
of Virginia—the only Legislature that this Gov-
ernment can have any connection with, and the
only Legislature that this Governmentcan recog-
nize. If we do not rccognize it, then loyal Vir-
ginia has no government, and she has become a
Territory, as suggested by the gentleman from
Kansas, and the act of secession is a legal act, and
the State is gone, and we can only get it back by
conquest, when we may impose upon her a new
form of government, and not give her the benefit
of her anterior constitution.
Now. sir, 1 propose to enter upon the question
of expediency. 1 want to show that this territory,
in point of extent, is large enough to make a re-
spectable and goodState. That is conceded, how-
ever, by the gentleman from Kansas. Its extent
is about twenty-four thousand square miles; and
although it does not include quite one third of the
inhabitants of Virginia, yet it does embrace largely
more than one third of her territory. In point of
extent it is larger than any of the New England
States.
REVENUE BILL.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived—
The SPEAKER announced that the business
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
592, to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government and
to pay interest on the public debt," approved July
1, 18G*2, which was made a special oider for this
time, upon which Mr. Stevens was entitled to
the floor.
The bill, which was read, is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Representatives
of ihe XJnded Sta'tcsof Jimet tea in Congt ess assembled, That
the a-sso^or-, assistant a^scb'-ois!. collectors, and deputy
collector-*, appointed, 01 who may'b_« appointed, umlei the
provisions ol an act entitled " An act to pio"ido internal
levenue to «uppoit the (Javeinmcnt and to p«u mteie^t on
the public debt," approved July I.1662, and a'i siiii-sequcnt
acts in 1 elation then to which have been ot may be enacted,
aie hereby autnouzed ai.d empowoied to administer oaths
01 afliimations in all ca-e-- win ro th" samp aio o: may be
requned by the act< as atoiesaid- Pro tided ^ That 110 fees
shall be ciuuged or allowed theiefor.
Skc. '2 Jitul be it fat liter enuUed, That the CommisMonei
of internal Revenues-hall be authonzed and empowered,
and hereby is authorized ami empowered, to iurnwiand
supply the A^si-nant Trea^uiers 01 the United States at
San Francisco, State of California, and Portland, State of
Oregon, with adhe-ive sump-., or stamped papei, vellum,
or pdichmeut, aecoiding to the piovisions ol the internal
revenue law- refened to in the piecedmg section, under
■such lobulations and conditions as he may from time to
time prescribe, and without reqniung pajment 111 advance
theicior,anything 111 exiting laws to the contraiy notwith-
standing: IJ)Ovi<!cd, That no greatei commission shall be
allowed than is now piovided toi by law.
Sec. 3. Jlnd beit fmthcr enacted. That any stampappio-
pnated to denote the duty enarged on any particular instru-
ment, and beai mg the name of Mich msiiument on the. lace
thcieot,which thiough mist ike ot otherwise nia> have been
u«cd, or whieii shall hereaiter be u-ed, /or deno'um any
other dutv of the-<aine amount.«hall be deemed and taken
to be good and valid, any existing law to the contrary not-
withstanding : Pi 0 tided, That the pio\ jmoik of this section
shall not apply to any stamp uppiopnatcd to denote the duty
charged on piopnofary articles.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That all instruments,
documents, and papei>, mi bp-ci toduty, u-scd by the otliceis
of the United Ht.it*^ Gov eminent, wheie the United States
would be chargeable with the duty or vtamp thereon, and
all instinineni^, document-, and paper.- of tin1 executive de-
partment' of the several State*, subject to duty, where any
State would be chargeable with the dut\ oi -stamp thereon,
and aNo all in-liument-, document-, ami papeis* 1 elating to
the pioouiement of bouniv land and pen-ion* b} ot foroli'i-
eeis- and -oiihot-. ot thru leiral representative-, 'u ho Ikh e
been or nnj ho in the -ervice o! the United States, .-hall
be. and lieioby ate, exempt fmm duty.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it fuifher enactcd, That the nmety-ftttli
scetion of an act entitled -* An net to piovido inn tn.il rev- |
enue to suppoit the(ioveinmentan(i to pav intension the I
pubhc debt,1* approved Jul) 1, ldot2, be so amended that
no instrument, document, or papei made,Mgned. oris-ued
prioi to the 1st day ot March, anno Domini Iwithout
being duly stamped, or having theieon an adhe-ive stamp to
denote the duty impo-ed tluroon, shall, tor that cause, be
deemed invalid and of 1.0 effect: Provided, /«?>/•<? er. rIh;.t
no in-ti uinent, document, ot paper sublet t to duty * iiall be
a-liihtted or u*e(i a* evidence in anyeoint until the -ame
*haU ha\fbeen stamped or an adhe-ivosiaiup placed then -
on. not until tile pei-011 u-i;.g nrafimne ihe -tamp, the pet-
son for whom thesathe is u-ed or affixed, or any peiton hav-
ing an interest therein, shall write, punt, or stamp thereupon
the initials of his or hjer name, and the date when the same
was attached or used, so that tbesarae may not again.be
used: Jind provided further, That section twenty-four of
an act entitled "An act increasing,tempor&riiy, the.dutl^
on imports, and for other purposes/? approved, July 14,
anno Domini 1862, be, and the same is hereby, repealed. ^
Sec. 6. J3nd beit further enacted?'That all goods, wares,
and merchandise, or aiticles produced or made and finished
ready for sale and removal for consumption priortotlielsi
day of September, anno Domini 1862, Whether actually re-
moved o.r not from the place of manufacture, shall hcj«n4
hereby are, exempt from duty, upon proof being made tA
the satisfaction of the assessor of the district, who shall
hear and determine the same, that they were so made and
finished ready for sale and removal for consumption j and
where any dunes shall have been assessed, or assessed
and collected, upon such goods, wares, and merchandise,
or articles so made and finished as aforesaid, the same shall
be, and heieby are., remitted, and if actually collected, re-
funded by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under
such regulations as lie may prescribe.
Sec. 7. %dnd be if.further enacted, That hotels, inns, or
taverns, and eating-houses, having taken outthe license pro-
vided therefor, shall not be 1 equired to pay any other license
for the sale of any articles customarily furnished by hotels,
inns, or taverns, and eating-bouses, and not prohibited by
the laws of any State or Territory where the same may be
located, or in violation thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that I wish to offer an
amendment to thefourth section of the bill,at line
nine. This section provides that stamps shall not
be required upon certain documents, and among
those are papers relating to bounty lands, pen-
sions,and otherpapersin bchalfofsoldiers. There
areagreat many instruments necessary to be drawn
out for the purpose of procuring other demands
against the Government, such as arrears of pay
and claims for property lost by soldiers under cer-
tain circumstances, it seems to me that all such,
instruments should be covered. I move, there-
fore, to strike out the words" and pensions" in the
ninth line, and to insert in lieu thereof the words
'{ pensions and other claims against the United
States."
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that the Committee of Waya
and Means, in framing this bill, provided only for
those plain amendments of the law about which
they thought there would be no dispute and no
discussion, as it is desirable that this bill should
pass immediately. The committee propose to in-
troduce a further bill. There are many matters
in the tax law which they think require amend-
ment, but which admit of some discussion and ot
some doubt, and among others is the question as
to how far we should go with regard to other in-
struments pertaining to the claims of officers and
soldiers of the Army. We thought it prudent to
reserve all those matters to another bill, in which
we can consider them more deliberately, and
winch we intend to introduce before long. It is
very probable that X may then concur in the sug-
gestion of the gentleman, if properly guarded. But
inasmuch as there are many things which ought,
perhaps, to be attended to in a supplemental law,
L would ask the gentleman to allow this bill to
pass, as it contains nothing objectionable, although
there may be many other omissions in the law
which it would be desnable to supply. Itis very
desirable that this bill shall pass speedily, for
reasons which I have already stated; and there-
fore, while I do not object to the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Indiana, I hope he
will allow this bill to pass without amendment,
unless, indeed, there be some clause in it which
is really obnoxious.
Mr. ITOLMAN. The only reason why I sug-
gested the amendment is, that it seems to be the
purpose of this section to exempt from the stamp
duty all instruments necessary to be drawn up
for the purpose of obtaining the adjustmentof the
claimsof soldiers against the Government. There
are three classes of such claims—for bounty land,
pension, and arrears of pay. All of these claims
require something in writing. The claims stand
upon precisely tiie same footing, and the only
effect of my amendment is to make the law the
same in reijiid to all of them.
Mr. STEVENS. The provision of the pro-
posed amendment may be broader than the gen-
tleman supposes. There are many things to be
considered in regard to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. R0.SC0E COCKLING. I have an amend-
ment to suggest to the fifth section, which I be-
lieve. falls wuhm the view of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr.M JRRILL, of Vermont. Before the gen-
