THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1863.
New Series No. 62.
wore often filled with painful anxiety for the re-
missness of the States in filling their quotas, and
the abject dependence and feebleness of the Con-
tinental Congress. The illustrious framers of the
Constitution, the statesmen and soldiers who had
seen and felt, too, the weakness of the old Con-
federation,gave Congress the absolute power " to
raise and suppoit armies." That unqualified
grant of power carries with it, in the language of
the Federalist, " all the powers requisite to the
complete execution of its trust." That high
authority declares in regard to this grant of power
that—
" Unless it can be shown that tlit* ciicumstances which
may affeci the public safety are reducible within eeitain
detmmnate I units, unless the contiary of this position can
be fanl> and rationally disputed, it mu&t be admitted, as a
necessary consequence, that there can tie 110 limitation ot
that authoiity which h to piovidc for the defense and pio-
tection of the community, in any matter essential to its
efficacy, that is, in any matter essential to the formation,
direction, or support of the national foices.''
Sir, this grant to Congress of power " to raise
and support armies" carries with it the right to
do it by voluntary enlistment or by compulsory
process. If men cannot be raised by voluntary
enlistment then the Government must raise men
by involuntary means, or the power to raise and
support armies for the public defense is a r ullity.
James Monroe said, in a letter to the chairman of
the Military Committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in 1814, that—
"It would be ab«md to suppose that Congress could not
canv this power into effect otheivvif-e than by accepting the
voluntmy scivicc of individual. It might happen that an
armv could not be raised in that mode, whence the powei
would have been giantcd in vain.
'•The idea that the United State** cannot raise an anny
in any other wav than by voluntan cmlminentfe is believed
to be repugnant to the uniform conjunction of all grants of
power, and equally so to the fit M principles and leading
objeet* of the Federal compact. An unqualified grant of1*
power gives the mean-- neee-saiy to cam it into effect.
Thi« i* a umveisal maxim winch admit* ot no exception.
•• Hut it is said that by diawmg men from the iiuliuaver-
vice into the tegular A) toy, and put? inn them under regular
office is. you violate a punciple of the Constitution, which
piovides that the militia shall be commanded by their own
office! s. If thi-s was the fact, the conclusion would follow.
- Bur it is not the fact. The men an; not drawn from the
militia, hut from the population of the eountry When they
enlist voluntauly, it is not a-> militiamen that thej act, but
as citizens, if they are dratted it n>u=t be m the came <-cnse.
Tn both instance1-they aie emolled in the militia corps, but
that, as is piesumed, cannot pn-veut the voluntary act in
the one instance of the compul-ive in the other. The whole
population of the United States within certain ages belong
to the?e corp>. If the United States, could not foim regular
arimes fiom them they could raise none.
"In proposing a diaft nri one of the modes of raising men
in ease of actual necessity in the present great emergency
of the country, f have thought it my duty to examine such
objections to it as occurred, particularly those of a consti-
tutional natuie. ft fiom my saeied regard for the prni-
ctpiCb of our Constitution that I have ventured to tumble
the committee with any lemaiks on this part of the sub-
ject."
Accepting these views of one of the early states-
men of the Republic as the true, interpretation of
the grant of power to Congress " to raise and sup-
port armies," the Committee on Military Affairs
nave reported this bill to enroll and draft the arms-
bearingpopulationofthecountry.' Believing,too,
with tins same illustrious soldier and statesman,
" that the conservation of a State is a duty para-
mount to all others," that " the Commonwealth
has a right to the service of all its citizens," we
have framed this bill so as to comprehend the
entire arms-bearing population between 'he ages
of eighteen and forty-five, with but few exemp-
tions, and they mostly in favor of childhood and
old age, of the infirm and the poor. While these !
exemptions are made m favor of the poor and I
lowly, of aged and infirm parents, and of depend-
ent childhood, the high officials of the nation and
of the States die comprehended, made liable to do
duty. Sir, we have endeavored to fiame this great
measure for the defense of the periled nation
against the blows of armed treason so as to bear
as lightly as possible upon the toiling masses, and
to put the burdens, as far as we could do so,equally
upon the more favored ofthe sons of men. It is i
impossible, in this woild of inequality, to frame
a measure of this character to bear equally lightly
tinon all conditions of men: but this bill has been
62
framed in the earnest desire to make its buidens
fall as gently as possible upon the poor and de-
pendent sons of toil. But it is a high and sacred
duty, resting alike upon all the citizens of the Re-
public, upon the sons of toil and misfortune and
the moic favored few, to labor, to suffer, ay, to
die, if need be, for their country. Never since
the dawn of creation have the men of any age been
summoned to the performance of a higher or no-
bler duty than are the men of this generation in**
America. The passage of this great measure will
clothe the President with ample authority to sum-
mon forth the sons of the Republic to the pei-
formance of the high and sacred duty of saving
their country, now menaced, and the peiiled
cause of civilization and freedom in America, and
of winning the lasting gratitude of coming ages,
and that enduringrenown which follows ever duty
nobly and bravely done. The enactment of this
bill will give confidence to the Government,
strength to the country, and joy to the worn and
weary soldiers of the Republic around their camp
fires in the land of the rebellion. .
A brief analysis of the sections of this measure
will exhibit its comprehensive character, and will,
J am sure, commend us beneficent piovisions to
the favoi of Congi ess and ofthe country.
Section one declares that all able-bodied male
citizens of the United States, between the ages of
eighteen and forty-five, shall constitute the na-
tional forces, and be liable to military duty atcall
of the President, with certain exceptions.
Section two exempts the Vice President, judges
of the various courts of the United States; heads
of Departments; the only son of aged and infirm
patents dependent upon him; oi where more than
one son, in such cases the father may elect which
shall be exempt, or the mother if the father is
dead ; only brother of children undertwelve whose
father and mother are dead; the father of mother-
less children under twelve, dependent upon him
for support; where there are father and sons in
the same family and household and two of them
are in the military service of the United States.
Section three divides the forces not now in ser-
vice into two classes. 1. All between eighteen and
thirty years of age, and all the unmarried be-
tween thirty and forty-five. 2. All other persons
liable to do military duty; and the second class
not to be called into service until after the first
shall have been called.
Section four divides the United States into dis-
tricts, of which the District of Columbia forms
one, each Territory one or moie as the President
shall direct, and the remainder by the congres-
sional districts as fixed by State laws, or by the
Piesident in States not divided into districts.
Section five provider that the President shall
appoint a provost maishal for each district, with
the rank, pay, &.c.t of a captain of cavalry, the
whole to be under aPtovostMarshal General, with
rank, &c., of a colonel of cavalry, whose office
shall constitute a bateau at the seat of Govern-
ment.
Section six provides that the Provost Marshal
General shall make rules for government of .sub-
ordinates, furnish them the names of deserters;
communicate all orders of the President for call-
ing out the national forces; file copies of enroll-
ment lists, obtain reports from his subordinates;
audit all accounts connected with the service
under his direction,and perform such other duties
as the President pt escribes.
Section seven. The piovost marshal is to ar-
rest and send to the nearest military post all
deserters; to inquire into and report to his supe-
rior all treasonable practices; to seize and confine
spies of the enemy; and obey generally all lawful
regulations and orders of the Provost Marshal
General.
Section eight provides for a board ofeniollment
in each district, of which the provost marshal
shall be president; the others to be appointed by
the President of the United States, and one to be
a practicing physician and surgeon.
Scction nine provides that the boaid shall divide
the districts into sub-districts of not exceeding
two, without the direction ofthe Secretary, of War,.
before March 10, and in each alternate year there-
after; to appoint an enrolling officer in each sub-
district and furnish blanks, &c. The officer to
enroll all persons in his sub-district before April I,
noting age, residence,and occupation, and icport
to the board; the board to consolidate the names
into a list, and report to the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral before 1st May.
Section ten provides for separate enrollment of
the classes, and that the ages shall be reckoned
from the 1st Jj.ily after enrollment.
Section eleven. The enrollment is to be for two
years, and the enrolled to be liable to serve three
years, or for the war, on the satne footing as the
voluntueis, as now provided by law.
Section twelve. Incase of call, the President is
to assign to each district the number of men to be
furnished; ihe boatd to draft the required num-
ber and sixty per cent, additional—the drafted
men to be notified by the provost marshal and re-
port for duty within ten days.
Section thirteen. Men failing to report to be
treated as deserters, unless they show non-liabil-
ity to do military duty.
Section fourteen provides for the inspection of
the drafted men by the surgeon of the board, and
the hearing of claims forexemption by the boardj
their decision to be final in all cases.
Section fifteen provides for the trial and punish-
mentof surgeons for receiving presents or agree-
ing to receive any valuable thing for making a
false report or for neglecting to moke a report.
Punishment to be fine not more than $500 nor less
than $200, imprisonment at discretion of court-
mat tial, and dismissal fiom service.
Section sixteen provides for the discharge of
those not required, and payment of their travel-
ing expenses. Also for the payment of the ex-
penses of the draft; expenses of arresting and re-
turning deserters; provides against commutation
to the provost marshals except for forage, and
for pay of clerk hire, postage, stationery, &c.
Section seventeen provides for substitutes.
Section eighteen piovides for paying a bounty
of fifty dollars to all the present volunteers who
reenlist for one year, one half on ^enlistment,
and the balance at the end of the term of reenlist-
ment; those who reenlist for two years, twenty-
five dollars of the $100 bounty provided by the
fifth section of the act of July 22, 1861, relating
to volunteers.
Section nineteen provides for the consolidation
of companies in regiments of volunteers fiom the
same State when reduced to one half the maxi-
mum, and for a reduction of the officers in such
cases in the same proportion.
Section twenty provides that whenever a regi-
ment is reduced below the minimum allowed by
law, no officers shall be appointed beyond the
number necessary to command the regiment.
Section twenty-one repeals so much of section
five of the act of July 17. 18G2, as requires the
apjtVoval of the President to a sentence of a court-
martial in ease of a spy oi a deserter, or of mu-
tiny or murder, and substitutes the approval of
the commanding general in the field.
Section twenty-two giv«-s to courts-martial
power to punish absenting officers by reducing
them to the ranks for tinee years.
Section twenty-three pi ovides that soldiers shall
not sell or dispose of the clothes, arms, &c., fur-
nished by the United Stales, but all such articles
may be seized by any civil or military officer and
delivered to any cptarteini.usier.
Section twenty-four provides for the punish-
ment by fine not exceeding $500, and impiison-
ment not less than six months nor more than two
years, for enticing a soldier to desert, for conceal-
ing or harboring or employing a deserter, and for
purchasing his arms, clothing, &<•., and the same
penalty fur any superintendent or conductor of
any public conveyance, captains of j-.lnps, &e., for
carrying away or refusing to dehvei up any per-
son knowing him to have deserted.
Section twenty-five provides the same punish-
ment for resisting a draft, or for counseling or
