978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
aiding resistance to a draft, or counseling drafted
men not to appear at the place of rendezvous, or
dissuading men from performing military duty.
Section twenty-six provides that the President
shall issue his proclamation declaring that soldiers
now absent without leave may return within a
time to be specified by him without punishment,
expeptthe forfeiture of their pay and rations during
abscnce; and those who do not return to be treated
as deserters.
Section twenty-seven provides for taking depo-
sitions of witnesses not residing in the military
district "where the court is held.
Section twenty-eight provides that the judge
advocate shall have power to appoint a reporter
to record the proceedings and testimony of the
courts-martial.
Section twenty-nine provides for a continuance
for cause to either party, but not to exceed sixty
days, if the prisoner be in close confinement.
Section thirty. In time of war, insurrection, and
rebellion, oases of felony, by persons in military
service, are to be tried only by courts-martial,
subject to the articles of war—the penalty to be
not less than is prescribed in the State where the
offense is committed.
Section thirty-one. Officers absent on leave arc
to receive half pay and allowance, and if absent
without leave, no pay and allowance during such
absence.
Section thirty-two. Commanders of regiments
and batteries in the field to have power to grant
furloughs, not exceeding thirty days, to five per
cent, of the non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates, for good conduct.
Section thirty-three. The President is to assign
drafted persons to any corps or service which ex-
igencies may require.
Section thirty-four. Details to special service
arc to be made only with consent of iheeommand-
ing officer in the field, and no extra pay for special
Service to be allowed.
Section thirty-five rescinds general orders of
War Department Nos. 154 and 1(13, and forbids
enlisting from the volunteers for regular Army.
Section thirty-six provides compensation for
the grades in the eavfflry service, not before pro-
vided for, namely: regimental commissary same
as regimental quartermaster, chief trumpeter same
v-i chief bugler, saddler sergeant the same as n gi-
m< ntal conunis^ai y sergeant, company commis
,-Mry sergeant same as company quartermaster'*
sergeant. Also provides that the grade of snper-
nuMemry second lieutenant and two teamsters for
c:k h company, and one chief farrier and black-
smith foreach regiment, shall be abolished; also,
that each company may have two trumpeters,"to
be paid as buglers; one veterinary surgeon to'each
regiment, at seventy-live dollars per month and
lank of legimental sergeant major.
Sn, these piovu'ions embodied m this bill are
intended to meet the uecd.s of the country and the
requirements of ihe military service. They have
been ineorp'Mated into the lull after much exam-
ination and lefler.Lion, and with the approbation
ofsewril of our most expcuenced military men.
] am confident the enactment of this bill, embody-
ing so many provisions required by the exigencies^
of'th^ public set vice, will weapon the hands of
the nation, lire the drooping hearts of the people,
tnri!l tin. wasting ranks of our legions in tin' fujd,
carry dismay into the councils of treason, and give
aoisuianre to the nations that the American peo-
ple Lave the r.ublime virtue of heroic constancy
and endurance that will assure the unity and in-
divisibility of the Ri public of the United States.
Mr. COW \ N. I move to amend the second
section, which defines the exemptions, by striking
out, in the fifth line, all after the word Si service,"
''own to the word {< service," m the eleventh line.
Vho words which i propose to strike out tue:
Such a- a e nece.--'<ny foi the protection and Mippoit of
?u,< d or inthm jMrei.' orphan-, or iielplo^ rhi'dn n, and
s'ji'h unf"! lunate !)pf-0[^a-.;ue not movided for by the pub-
lic: }'rovuJe<t, That in eaeh ease above mentioned the eir-
f uui^tiinc's oi the p<ut> he Miuh thot he cannot lendci an
e.juiV.tleM  oi p< iso,ial vrvjee
i am induced to make t his motion from the fact
that 1 think these terms are too general to be un-
bodu 1 m any law. If tho.;e are to be exempt
who are " wessary for the piotection and sup-
port of ncred or infirm parents, orphans, or help-
less children, and such unfortunate persons as are
not pro\ a'ed for by the public," we shall open the
door for exemption to almost every man in the
country, and we shall subjeefcthe board of exemp- •
tion to have their whole time taken up m trying j
these issues. Besides, it would operate unequally j
over the country, and depend very much upon the
opinions of the board, rather than upon the law
as laid down. I think that all provisions of this
kind should be so specific in their character as to
make it impossible,from the law, to mistake who
were intended to be entitled to the benefits con-
ferred by the law in this behalf.
The proviso, too, contains a proposition which,
to my mind, would be exceedingly mischievous
if thrown before the board, "that in each case
above mentioned the circumstances of the party
claiming exemption be such that he cannot render
an equivalent for personal service." The board
would have to go into an examination of the pe-
cuniary condition of every man in the country to
ascertain whether or not he was able to pay a fine.
There would be no end to it. If we are going to
exempt people, let us say who we shall exempt,
and make an end of it, and not throw a diag-net
around the whole community, and then leave it
to a board of exemption to say who shall be ex-
empt and who shall not; because a board in this
quarter of the country may exempt people whom
a board m another would subject to military ser-
vice. I hope, therefore, that these words will be
stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
/ Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I feel
that an apology is due when I rise on this occa-
sion to oppose the provisions of this bill. I agree
with the Senator from Massachusetts that it is
necessary to fill up the ranks of our Army ; and
that it is necessary there should be a conscription
bill. You cannot avoid that. It is unfortunately
the case that while we could have got an army
with a diflVient policy pursued, the policy now
adopted is .such that you cannot get an army ex-
cept by force. But there are provision* in the
bill which I feel constrained to oppose. There are
n very few exemptions in the bill; others ought to
have been made.
Now, Mr. President, as a question of justice,
even-handed justice, there ought to be conscrip-
tions m States which have not furnished their
quota. You cannot expect to call upon those States
which have furnished more than their quota until
those who have not yet done so have furnished
their men. You ought not to call upon States who
have furnished men for three years for conscripts
until the States whose nine months men soon go
out of the service furnish their proper quota of men
for three years. It is not fair; it is not right.
Mr. COLLAMER. Should not these nine
months men be reckoned according to their period
of service ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly ;that would
bo fair, right, and pioper.
Mr. COWAN. 1 ask the honorable Senator
from Illinois to allow us to go on and make such
particular amendments to the bill as can be made,
and then discuss the general merits of it after-
wards.
* Mr. RICHARDSON. I will do that with a
great deal of pleasure. I do not speak with any
factious intent.
Mr. COWAN. I propose 
Mr. HARLAN, if the Senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania wdl allow me, I desiie to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Allan's for an ex-
planation of the fact mentioned by the Senator
from Illinois, if it is susceptible ofexplanation. It
has been mentioned here repeatedly that several
States of the Union have notfui nished their quotfa^
and Massachusetts has been mentioned as one of
those States. The State that I have the honor in
part to represent here, as well as Illinois, has fur-
nished more than the number alloaed^to her; and
if the facts mentioned by the Senator from Illinois
are not susceptible of some explanation I tnink
they are entitled to very grave consideration, and
I call the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to that point now as it
has been mentioned.
Mr. COWAN. Perhaps you can get that in-
formation privately, i move to amend"the twelfth
line of the second section by inserting after the
words " United States," the words " members of
Congress," so as to exempt members of the two
Houses.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, it is under-
stood that this is an enrollment of the population
of the country, and notof the militia. Ithas noth-
ing to do with the militia laws, but is simply to
enroll the people that are fit to do duty; and we
have merely made an exemption of the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, the heads of the De-
partments, and the judiciary of the United States.
I think members of Congress and Government of-
fice-holders and State officers all through the coun-
try ought to be held liable to serve their country.
I think no exemption should be made of them. It
is an honor to anybody to serve the country in
the field in this emergency; and I am sure it will
be more satisfactory to the people of the country
if we do not exempt men whose situations in life
may be supposed to be in their favor. If any mem-
ber of Congress happens to be drafted, if he can-
not go, he can furnish a substitute; or if we change
the bill, as I hope we shall, so as to allow a man
to pay #200, §250, or §300 instead of furnishing a
substitute, he can furnish a substitute, or pay the
sum necessary to obtain one.
Mr. COWAN. I hope we shall not, in making
up this bill, entirely lose our reason, and that we
shall be guided with an eye to the welfare of the
country generally. Now, it is just as well known
to the honoiable Senator from Massachusetts, as
to anybo y else, that if the Government is to con-
tinue, if it is to be administered, members ofCon-
gress, judicial officers, and others, are quite as
necessary to its maintenance and support as sol-
diers in the field; and for all that will be gained
by holding members of Congress liable to military
duty, it amounts to nothing. I suppose there are
hardly twenty members who are within the pre-
scribed limits according to the act, and I think it
only proper that all members of Congress should
be exempted. As they arc presumed by the law
to have their appropriate duties, and to perform
duties which are quite as important, and, in my
judgment, far moie important than those of the
soldier in the field, they should be exempted. I
hope that the amendment will be made. I pro-
pose to follow with another that I think equally
necessary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
jiays on this amendment. I do not propose to
exempt mcmbets of Congress.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The first section of the bill
embraces the able-bodied citizens between the ages
of eighteen and forty-five years as the militia force
of the country. I suppose that so far as this ques-
tion is considered practically, as to embracing
members of Congress, probaoly there are not two
peisons, certainly not four, m this body, whose
age is not past forty-five.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin a question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to close what I
have to say in one moment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator will per-
mit me to ask a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to a
question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In the opinion of the
Senator from Wisconsin, is there a Senator upon
this floor that would plead his age in bar of this
conscription ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know; but, in
my opinion, the Senator from Kansas would be
as likely to do it as any other Senator. [Laugh-
tcr.] •
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. My constituency 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not yield the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor, and is only
liable to interruption with his consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not speaking pei-
sonally. We are looking at this a matter of
legislation, and fixing by law the persons who are
to be the militia force of the country—able-bodied
persons between eighteen and forty-five. The
Congress of the United States constitute one de-
partment of the Government as the judiciary con-
stitute a department of the Government, and there
is a mason why members who are sent here to
do the business of this Government m Congress
ought to be exempt if they were all under forty-
five. I only mention the fact that the great ma-
jority, probably all but possibly three or four upon
| this floor and peihaps twenty in the other House,
! aie past forty-five already, to show that it is a
| matter in which no kind of personal interest can
! be supposed to be taken by those who are to vote
V
