40
THE OONGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
December 9,
tleman proceeds 1 desire to present an amendment
to a. Section preceding the one which he proposes
to amend, i move to amend the second section,
by inserting after the word treasurers," in line
four, the words "or collectors," so that it will
read:
Sec. 2. Jhxd be it farther enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall be authorized and empow-
ered, and: hereby is authorized and empowered, to furnish
and supply the Assistant Treasurers or collectois of tiie
United States at San Fiancisco, State of California, and
Portland, Slate of Oregon, with adhesive stamps, or stamped
paper, vellum, or paichment, according to the provisions of
me internal revenue laws, &c.
At the port of Portland, in Oregon, there is no
AssistantTreasurer,and the agent there should be
some other officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The amendment
I was about proposing is to strike out the proviso
in section five, commencing in line ten and ex-
tending to the middle of line eighteen. It is as
follows:
Provided, however, That no instrument, document, or pa-
per subject to duty shall be admitted or used as evidence in
any court until the same shall have been stamped, or an ad-
hesive stamp placed thereon, nor until the person using or
affixing the btamp, the person for whom the same is used or
affixed, or any person having an intei est therein, shall write,
print, or stamp thereupon the initials of his or her name,
and the date when the same was attached or used, so that
the same may not again be used.
It will be remembered that the act of July last,
to which this is amendatory, provides, among
other things, that all instruments described shall
be stamped in order to be valid,and thatapenalty
shall attach to the omission so to stamp, and also
that if they are to be used as evidence in any court,
it shall be necessary to pay five dollars to the de-
positary of stamps, in order to entitle them to be
read. This fifth section is intended to cure, and
does cure, in part, the hardship which has resulted
from the section to which I refer. That hardship
has arisen from the fact that stamps have not been,
and could not be, promptly furnished by the
Government, and therefore parties have been in-
volved not only in solicitude and uncertainty, but
m the inconvenience arising from it. The section
as it stands proposes to confirm and legalize such
instruments as have from lack of stamps been ex-
ecuted without them. The proviso which I pro-
pose to strike out renders it necessary for every
party, before he can offer any such instrument in
evidence, to procure a stamp and obtain the in-
itials of the proper person to be placed upon it.
The space of time which the section covers is from
now until the 1st of March, and all those who are
to be relieved, if this proviso is retained, will still
be compelled to chase up stamps, which for the
present they cannot obtain, and be put to the in-
convenience of procuring them, ana at the same
time of procuring the initials, before they can read
their instruments in court.
Now, 1 suggest to the Committee of Ways and
Means that the amount of revenue thus to be de-
rived will be a small matter at the best. The
number of instruments to be read in evidence is
too limited to yield any considerable sum of
stamp duties. The section as it stands, while it
relieves much inconvenience, still retains a most
annoying qxaction, whereas if the proviso shall
be stricken out, all instruments which have been
executed withoutstamps, because thepartieshave
been unable to obtain them, will be good not
merely for some purposes but for all; they may
then bo read in evidence, stamp or no stamp, and
the only loss will be the stamp tax upon the small
number which are actually brought into litiga-
tion; and the House must see that the loss will
be inconsiderable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to oppose
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York. I think that he has not carefully
read the proviso. It is in these words:
Provided, however, Timt no instrument; document, or
subject Jo duty- f i 'i i i be admitted or I'-'eii an evidence i
in ;uiy court until the same shall li.ive been stamped or an l
ttdhesive stamp placed thereon, nor until the poison using I
or atlixing the stamp, the pei^on tor u horn the same is ■
used or atPixefl, nr any petftOn having an mteiest therein, !
shall write, piint, or stamp thereupon the initials of ins or
tier name, and the date when the same was attached or
used, so that the same may not again be used.
Now, this proviso docs not compel the party
who originally made the instrument or the docu-
ment to procure a stamp and put his initials upon 1
lt,but it permits the procurement of a stamp by any i
person at any time before the document is used in I
court by the person who has an interest therein,
and only subjects him to the cost of a stamp, and
the penalty of five dollars is repealed in the sub-
sequent proviso.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Suppose that to-
day or to-morrow or next week, a party desires
to make proof of one of these instruments; there
aie no stamps to be obtained; under this proviso,
will the gentleman explain to me what such a
party as that is to do ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
from the Commissioner of Revenue that there are
sufficient stamps to supply the whole country this
side of the Rocky mountains; and by the provis-
ions of this bill we change the law, so that if any
stamp shall be affixed, whether it is one particu-
larly appropriated to the document or not, it shall
make the instrument valid.
Mr. POMEROY. I have just received a letter
from a person who states that he sent, 011 the 2d
of October, §1,000 to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue for stamps, and he has yet received
only $278 worth, and that by no moans covering
an assortment. There are no stamps among them
for insurance, for protests, and for other purposes.
I know that there is no sufficiency of stamps
throughout the country, and, in fact, there are
hardly any to be got excepting check stamps. It
would be impossible, to-day,"in a majority of the
towns in my district, to prove a contract, to prove
a protest, or to prove a majority of the ordinary
business transactions, if a stamp is necessary to be
furnished. I think the gentleman from Vermont
must bo mistaken; that the stamps arc not to be
had, or they would have been furnished pursuant
to the orders sent by parties with money inclosed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
in reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] I have this to say: thatof course there
are large applications from all over our country
for these stamps. It would be utterly impossible,
perhaps, for the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue to piovide every stamp that may be called
for, in the quantities demanded. These demands,
as they arc made upon him, are answered by giv-
ingacertain shaioto each applicant, and notgiving
all to one county or district and none to another.
By the provisions of this h111 -any stamps may be
used, except stamps for proprietary medicines. If
a stamp of any kind, of the required denomina-
tion, be found 111 the gentleman's district and be
affixed to an instrument, it will hereafterbe legal.
I therefore see no difficulty whatever in compel-
ling the use of stamps upon instruments.
Mr. POMEROY. Some specific kinds that have
been applied for have not been sent at all.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 want to bear
one fmther word of testimony in this case. I
know that in my district, and 111 that portion of
the State of X^ew York of which I have knowl-
edge, no kind of stamps—not a particular kind,
but no kind whatever—has been or can be fur-
nished 111 any such quantities as were necessary j
toaccommodate those having occasion to use them, j
I know that persons desiring to execute deeds— j
men who had made arrangements to buy or sell
farms—have been running around to neighbors
and lawyers inquiring as to the consequences of
dispensing with the stamp, and have been kept
in hot water ever since.
I have no doubt that all possible efforts have
been made to furnish stamps, but I know that it
has not been done. I know, as my colleague has
suggested, that ever since coming here to this ses- '
sion I have been endeavoring to facilitate the trans-
mission of stamps home, on large orders, and on
small orders, where the money has been sent here
and deposited, and I have found it impossible, up
to this time, to get these ordets filled. I know
that the president of a telegraph company has
written to me within a few days, stating that the
company had exhausted the telegraph stamps sup-
plied, and could get 110 more for the present.
Now, my point is simply this—that so small
a number of instruments unstamped will pass
into litigation between now and March next, that
the amount of the tax is not worth talking about.
It only annoys men, and keeps them in trepida-
tion, and really does no good whatever. I there-
fore suggest that it is better to strike out the pro-
viso, and allow the instruments to be read in
evidence as if they were stamped, small as the
number of them will be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
seems to have been particularly unfortunate in
procuring stamps. I know of no application re-
cently made for stamps that cannot be filled. If
they can be obtained of any denomination, they
will answer the purpose. Besides, no document
is rendered invalid in consequence of the lack of
a stamp until it is brought before some court. I
think that at this time there is no difficulty what-
ever in procuring stamps.
Mr. STEVENS. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is in-
tended to remedy difficulties rather than to aggra-
vate them; for, as my colleague on the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Morrill] says, any
kind of stamps, to the amount required, shall here-
after pass as valid. As the law now stands, that
is not the case. I know that there has been great
difficulty in procuring these stamps. Some of
them, perhaps, are not yet engraved. I know that
in our town some kinds can be got, and others can-
not be. I think we made amistakeiri having more
than one kind of stamps for the whole revenue.
I believe our bill was originally drawn so as to
have but one character of stamps, of ditTerentde-
nominations; but on the suggestion of those who
knew more about this thing than the committee
did, wc altered the bill in that respect. We now
find, however, that the variety of stamps is uni-
versally complained of as an evil so great that we
may consider whether it is not worth while to for-
feit what we have paid for engraving, and reduce
all these stamps to one kind.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
whether this proviso that is now proposed to be
struck out does not include all documents, such
as writs that are constantly used in our State
courts? As I understand it, it does include them.
Now, it is a matter of faet that these writs are
constantly used in our courts and are presented
as instruments of evidence; and yet I know that
in some of our distu&ts, a supply of the different
classes of stamps could not be procured. The
effect of refusing to admit 111 evidence writs not
bearing stamps, would be to arrest entirely, in
many cases, ptoceedings in courts of justice.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think the gentleman from
Ohio has not perfectly undeistood all the provis-
ions of this bill. This bill provides that any kind
ofa stamp placed upon a paper shall be as valid
as if it was the stamp intended for that particular
kind of instrument.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I know that.
Mr. STEVENS. It also provides that the
stamp may be put on the moment it is off-red in
evidence. If there be an unstamped writ to be
given in evidence, a postage stamp or any other
stamp of the requisite denomination may'be put
upon it, and the paper becomes from that'moment
valid.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is not the difii-
culty. Tins amendment is a very desirable one,
and I am glad to see it. But still it does not meet
the difficulty, because we have an actual deficiency
of stamps of any kind.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that before the 1st of
March there will be enough stamps of some kind
m every district;and I suppose there will be very
few suits brought now that will be tried before
that time.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Roscoe Conkling, and it was
adopted.
Mr. HOLMAIY. I move to amend the fourth
section by inserting, after the word "pensions,"
the words, "and for other bounties, pensions, and
arrears of pay;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That all instruments,
documents, and paper*, Mtbject to duty, u*c<i !>y the officers
of the United Stated Government, whore: tin.' I'mted Stales
would be chargeable with the duty or stamp thcieon, tmd
all instalments, documents, and paper* ot the executive
departments of the sevml State*, «uhjcet to dim*, where
any State would be chargeable with the duly or stunp
thereon, and alio all m&ti uments, document*, and papers
relating to the proewiemcnt of bounty land and pennons,
and for other bounties, pension*, and aneai.s of pay. by or
for officers and soldier, 01 then legal rcpicscntatives, who
have been, or may ho, in the scrvice of the United States,
shall be, and hereby are, exempt from duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend the
third section by striking out the words " through
mistake or otherwise;" so that it will read:
See. 3. d be it further enacted, That any s>tainp appro-
puated todenote the duty ehaiged on any particular instru-
ment, and beat irnj the name oi such instiument on the face
thereof, which may have been used, or which shall hereafter
