1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
on thisquestion. Wedoitsimplyupon theground
of principle. Congress ought not to be drafted
and takun away from its duties. It is as neces-
sary heie to raise the money as it is to fight the
battles of the country.
I hope the amendment will prevail, and that we
may make the law definite and specific,and leave
just as little to construction and to the opinion of
the boards who are to pass upon claims for ex-
emption aw is possible.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In answer to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Wmconsin, 1 take
the liberty of saying that there has not been a day
since I have had a seat on this floor, that I have
not been in the military service of the United
States, when not occupied as a member of the
Senate. Can the Senator from Wisconsin say as
much? I desire that we may set an example to
thecountry. We have itannounced thatweshall
have opposition to this conscription in different
States of the Union, and we are deliberating about
exempting ourselves from the military service of
the countiy when there are nine months of vaca-
tion before us that may probably decide the fate
of i he country. So far as 1 am concerned, I should
like to see every Senator upon this floor in the
ranks of the Army during the coming vacation.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I sincerely
hope the amendmentthathas been moved will not
be sustained by the Senate. If we exempt mem-
be] s of Congress, wemust exempt the Governors
of the States, and the members of the State Le-
gislatures. The collectors of your ports, your dis-
trict attorneys, all the officers of this Government,
with the exception of the Vice President and the
judges of the courts of the United States, and
heads of Departments, who are members of the
Cabinet, are liable to duty under this bill. The
object was to put this burden upon the people of
the country, those best able to bear it, and to re-
lieve those cases where, from humane consider-
ations, nil would agree that there should be exemp-
tion. Suppose any member of Congress should
be drawn in this draft; what of it? There is a
section in the bill providing that he can furnish
a substitute; or if you change it so that he may
pay a sum of money, he can do either; and if a
member of Congress cannot do that, I should
think it was a very strange thing. I think that if
we, by a vote of the Senate, exempt members of
Congress, it will weaken the moral force of this
bill before the country. 1 want everybody to feel
that this is a necessity forced upon us by the needs
of our country: that the thing itself is the most
honorable thing that can fall upon an American
citizen, to be drafted to carry this country through
the impending snuggle.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am in favor of the
amendment; and I am in favor of going further.
1 do not suppose that I shall be charged with any
interest in the matter. 1 am rather pastthe period
when a man has to go to war; and I reckon my
friend from Massachusetts is like myself, a little
on the shady side of forty-five.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts, 1 am fifty-
one years of age to-day.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am fifty-two* I have
a little the advantage of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts; I have a iiule more age. I am for ex-
cluding from the operation of the bill every mem-
ber of Congress and every member of a State
Legislature, and all the State officers, and all the
Government officers, for I suppose it does not
happen more than once in a lifetime that these
latter gentlemen get into office. I think the Con-
stitution itself excludes members of Congress from
this draft.
The PRESIDING OFFtCER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Doolittle, Ilickx, Kennedy,
Lane of Indiana, Powell, Rice, Richardson, Sanlsbuiy,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouii
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Davis, Dixon, fv :«enden, Foot, Poster, Guinea
Hardin-?, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, No-iinith, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner,Ten Eyek,
Tin pit', and Wilson oi Massachusetts—24.
So the amendment, was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I now move, after the word
" Government," in the fourteenth line of the sec-
ond section, to insert the words " Governors,
members of the State Legislatures, and members
of the judiciary of the several States."
Mr. CLARK. I cannot agree to the whole
amendment; bat I think there would be propriety
in excepting the Governors of States. Though
this bill does not concern the militia, but is for
the purpose of raising armie^md drafting men
into the armies of the United states, the Govern-
ors of the States are the commanders-in-chief of
the militia, and it may be necessary that they
shall be in their several States. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words "mem-
bers of the State Legislatures and members of
the judiciary;" so as to read, "the Governors of
the several States."
Mr. COWAN, i hope the vote already taken
will satisfy members of the Senate. After we
have decided that we ourselves shall be subject
to military duty—those of us who are within the
prescribed ages, and there are very few I presume
—I hope we shall not be guilty of the further ab-
surdity of making members of the Legislatures
of the several States liable to military duty, or the
members of the judiciary of the several States.
Certainly Senators must be aware that these offi-
cers are quite as necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment, quite as necessary to support it in its
efforts for existence, as any other people in the
world. Will you say that they shall be enrolled
into the militia? I say militia, because 1 differ
entirely from the Senator from Massachusetts,
who says that this is not militia. If it is notmi-
btia, it is nothing. If we are not providing now
for an organization of the militia, what are we
providing for? Certainly not for the "legular
Army; but if it be taken to be the regular Army,
then it becomes infinitely more absurd that you
shall require members of the Legislatures and
judges of the several States to enlist in the regular
Army or to be conscnbed within its ranks, as this
bill proposes to do. As this is a serious matter,
and perhaps one upon which the very fate of the
Government may depend — I acknowledge its im-
portance as much as anybody else—I desire that
we should endeavor to peifect this bill in all seri-
ousness and in all earnestness, and that we should
seek under its provisions to appeal to the men'
of the nation who will be of service to us in the
field, not that we make a great and magnificent
joke of it in the last year of our existence—go
down like Nero, fiddling while Rome is burning.
1 hope, therefore, that the proposed amendment
to the amendment will be u-jeeted, and that the
amendment that I have offered will bo adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I will modify my amendment
to the amendment so as to include in the exemp-
tion the judiciary of the several States as well as
the Governors. There may be a reason why they
should be left, and let the courts of the States
operate in time of war.
Mr. WILKIINSON. I hope that the amend-
ment to the amendment will not prevail. It looks
to me like a farce to require that the civil otficeis
of the State governments or of the Federal Gov-
ernment shall be subject to this draft. Aceordmg
to my idea, the vote which has just been taken,
refusing to exempt from this draft members of
Congress, is the most absurd and ridiculous vote
that has ever been taken in this body since I have !"j
been a member of it. The people of this countiy
are not fools; they have more si use than men who
wish to foice such a measure on Congress sup-
pose. When they tlecta member to the Senate
they mean to have him m the Senate; they want
him there; they elect him because ho is the man
they wish for that particular duty; and when you
say that he shall be subject to a draft to go into
the Army with a musket on his shoulder, it is
merely to insult the intelligence of this nation.
And when you say you wish to break up the or-
ganization of the State governments in the same
way, you insult the intelligence of this nation. It
is a species of demagogism that I do not like.
I like to treat the people ofthe United States fairly
and honestly. They wish these local organiza-
tions to be maintained, and when they elect mem-
bers to their State Legislatures they want them
to fiii the places which they elect them to fill. I
am, therefore, opposed to the amendment to the
amendment, and in favor of the amendment pro-
posedby the Senator from Pennsylvania. I think
the members of the State Legislatiues should be
exempted. I think the people of this country
wanttheirState organizations,and they wish them
to remain perfect and in full force and authority
in this Government.
Mr. CLARiv. 1 do not propose to reply to
anything that was said by the Senator from .Min-
nesota upon the past vote of the Senate, If he
chooses to characterize it in the way that he has
done, he may do so; I shall not reply to it; but I
can inform him that members of the Legislature
of my State have volunteered already to gr> into
the war, and I never have heard the first, constit-
uent find any fault with it. 1 dare say, the people
would be glad if more would volunteer; and I do
not think they will hold up their hands in horror
if one of them should be drafted. They will sup-
ply his place in the Legislature, and k-t him fight
the battles of his countt y, and be thankful to God
for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest a change
of phraseology to my friend from "New Hamp-
shire. I f would be better peihaps to say 4' judges
of courts of iccord." There may be a question
how far the word "judiciary" may be construed
to extend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from New Hampshire to that moved by the Sen-
ator froru Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLARK. After striking out the words
I propose to strike out, the amendment will be
open to amendment. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 will simply say now that the
"question is on striking outfiom the proposed ex-
emption the members of the State Legislatures.
That is the effect of the amendment 1 piopose.
We can afterwards modify the amendnv nt by
limiting the judiciary if we please, but now the
question is on exempting members of State Le-
gislatures.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Mesvr* Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Cink.Fes-
sonden, Fo-tei, Grime-, ILudimj, fla'kin. [Jain*, Hender-
son, Howaid, King, Lane ol Kan-n?\ iMoiull,
Poniproy, 'Shouu.in, Sumner, Tui Eyek. Wihnot. and VVjf
son < f MfK'-uelHirtCih—
NAY?5—Cavaui, Coliamcr, Cow.m. Da^'is.D.K
on, Doolittle. I'«>ok Iliek-a, Ilowe, K-iincL. Lair oi' In-
diana, Powell, Jtieo. "Utehauhon. S.iuKinny. Ti usih'il!,
Tuipie, Wall, Wilkinson, and WiIjod of Mi-?-oun~
So the amendment to the amendment was a.riced
to; and the question recurred upon the amend-
ment of Air. Cowan, as ami nded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the amendment be
read as it now stands.
The Secretary. The amendment is to in-
sert the words "the Governors and the members
of the judiciary of the several Stat<s," alt> r the
woul "Government" in the fourteenth hn<'ofsec-
tion two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the words "justices of
the peace not included."
Mr. SHE LILIAN. Why not simply say " j&ilges
of courts of reeoid?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. Sometimes justice:? of I he.
peace hold couits of iccord.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does not that include iud^f s
of coui ts of probate?
"Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course.
Mr. ANTHONY. Are they intended to be
included ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose so; th y are
judicial officers.
Mr. ANTHONY. They are more numerous
than members of the. State Legislatures.
The amendment, as amendul, was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. In the fifth bne of the second
section, I mme to strike out the woids Cvor
morally," and to insert thewoid " or" before the
word " mentally;" so as to lead, such as are
rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the
service," shall be exempt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DiXON. I offer the following amendment
to be inserted after the word " Government" in
the fourteenth line of the second section: 4t Sec-
ondly, the only son of a widow."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Y/e have
provided in the bill for the only son of a widow
dependent upon that son foi support. There are
many widows who are wealthy, who ha\e an
