980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
only son, and I think they ought not to be ex-
empt.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. In lines thirty-three and th irty-
four of the second section I move to strike out the
words " any felony or other crime punishable by
fine or imprisonment in any penitentiary or State
prison," and to insert "an infamous crime;" so as
to make the proviso read:
Provided, however, That no person who has been con-
victed of an infamous crime shall be enroHed or permitted
to serve in said foices.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no objection
to the phraseology to be used, but 1 cannot see
any distinction. 1 think any one convicted and
sent to the penitentiary would most probably be
convicted of an infamous offense. I cannot con-
ceive anything very creditable in being sent lo the
penitentiary for any offense. I think the words of
the bill now are precisely as definite as they can
be made,
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from New York will not prevail, because
the language of the clause which he moves to
strike out furnishes an exact and certain test by
which the quality of such a person may be tried
and determined by the proper court, and the test
which the Senator from New York proposes to
furnish, it seems to me, is uncertain and incon-
clusive. He would exclude all persons who have
been convicted of an infamous crime. Now, sir,
oven courts of justice are not agreed as to what are
infamous crimes. It opens a broad field forconjec-
lure and discussion and argumentation as to what*
is an infamous crime in the sense of the Consti-
tution. By some jurists it has been held that the
infamy of a crime consists in the character of the
punishment which is inflicted upon the act, while
others hold that the infamy consists in the natuie
and character of the act itself in lespect to moral-
ity. There is really very little certainty, I may
say there is no reliable certainty, to be gathered
from the books as to what is an infamous crime;
and, therefore, I should prefer to let the clause
stand as it is, because where the sentence has
been such as is described in the bill, it is easy to
be ascertained and U furnishes an exactand ready
(est.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not at all attached to the
form of the amendment which I have proposed,
but I understood that the term " infamous crime"
was a well-ascertained designation of crime, that
it means a crime involving moral turpitude. I
wanted to confine this exemption to crimes of that
description, so that men of infamy should not be
thrown into the Army to associate with men of
respectable character. As this section now stand?!,
it is objectionable as being entirely too compre-
hensive. I have myself sent many ft man to the
p'-nitentiary for an assault and battery. You do
not wish to exclude such men from the Army.
There are scores of men now in my State who
have been sent to the penitentiary for the offense
ofatjLasaaultand battery, who would be exempted
by this provision. I cfo not want to do that. I
therefore want to confine it to those who have ren-
dered themselves infamous by their offenses. I
am not wedded to this phraseology. I want to
limit the provision to those cases where men luive
by their conduct "rendered themselves unfit to as-
sociate with respectable citizens.
Mr. COWAN. I like the phrase of the honor-
able Senator from New York," infamous crimes,"
and J like it for a very different reason fiom that
fur which the Senator from Michigan objects to
ir. I like it because it is a definite phrase, because
<t has received a legal definition. It is a question
rvhich often arises when a witness is called to the
stand whether he has before that time been con-
victed of an infamouscrime winch would prevent
him giving testimony. I think it is only proper
that such men as are infamous should be excluded
from the Army, not because they may have hap-
pened to be punished under some State law with
imprisonment in the penitentiary for that which
by the common law was not considered infamous,
such as an assault and battery.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I now offer, in a modified form,
the amendment which I offered before. I move,
after the word "Government," in the fourteenth
line of the second section, to insert the words:
Secondly, the only son of a widow, wholly or in pait
upon for support.
The Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, stated that
provision was already made in this bill for the
only son of a widow. If he will look at the bill
he will find that that is not the case Provision is
made for " the only sou of aged or infirm patent
or parents, depeij^ent upon him for support."
Thatdoes not, of course, cover the case for which
my amendment is offered. It seems to me that
this is a proper amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator will modify it so as to say "dependent upon
him for support," I shall have no objection.
Mr. DIXON. It is so.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. But it now
says "wholly or in part." I want that stricken
out. ;
Mr. DIXON. 1 will make that modification. I
Mr. SUMNER. Would itnot be better to insert ;
the words "a wylow or" after the word "son"in j
line fourteen, so as to make the clause read, "the •
only son of a widow or aged or infirm parent or
parents dependent upon him for support?"
Mr. DIXON. I thought there might be some
doubt as to the construction of the words" or"
and " and, "and therefore itwas better to putitin
a separate clause, " secondly, the only son of a
widow dependent upon him for support."
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. I can see no propriety in ex-
empting the only son ofa widow, who may be very
slightly dependent upon him for support, from the
operation of the act.
Mr. DIXON. 1 have changed that. It applies
to the only son of a widow who is entirely de-
pendent upon him for support.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator has so changed
it as to take away that objection, I have a further
objection to it. It seems to me such a case is fully
covered by the language of the section, as it is
" the only sou of aged or infirm parent or parents
dependent upon him for support." That covers
the case of a widow who is dependent upon an
only son exactly and in terms; but she must be
"aged or infirm." I do not see any justice in ex-
empting the only son of a widow who is young
antb vigorous and able to support herself. I see
no propriety in it at all. There will be cases of
inconvenience undoubtedly giowing out of this
bill in various respects. We can only pass gen-
eral provisions coming as near the justice of each
ease as possible by our general enactment; but 1
see no justice whatever in exempting the only son
of a widow simply because he is an only son.
Mr. DIXON. The bill, as reported, exempts
the only son of aged and infirm widows. Now I
propose to include all widows who aic dependent
upon an only son. A widow might be as depend-
ent who was not aged or infirm. There are many
cases where a widow who has not leached that
time of life where she can be called aged, and who
m not infirm, may be utterly dependent fiom vari-
ous causes on an only son. Where there was no
bodily infirmity, there might be possibly mental
disability to take care of herself, from ordinary
natural weakness, or various causes. I therefoie
desire to include all these cases.
Mr. COLLAMEll. Lutthe amendment be read
as it has been modified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
The Secictaiy icad, as follows:
riecoudlv, the <>n!y *o  of an age il or nifinn widow de-
pendent upon him lor suppoit.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. T think it is enough to say
i that tlm only son of a widow shall be exempt if
i she is dependent upon him for support. She may
| be neither a^ed nor infirm, and yet may have little
j children besides her only son,and require his ser-
! vices for support.
1 Mr. HAJILAN. I desire to ask those vvhoare
! familiar with the bill, if the husbands of wives
i that depend upon them for support should not be
| exempt also5 Of what more importance is a son
! to his mother who relies upon inm for support,
| than a husband is to the wife that relies upon him
I for support? It seems to me the reasoning would
j be as conclusive and strong in the one case as in
| the other. If the widow is able to take care of
! herself, she has no more right to the exemption
I ofa son than a wife would have to tiie exemption
; of a husband who is equally able to take care of
j herself. It seems to me the bill as prepaicd by
j the committee on this point is right, If a widow
I is aged or infirm, unable to take care of her^lf,
her only son ought, to bo- exempt; but if she be
able and competent to take care of herself, there
is no more reason for exempting her only son than
for exempting the husband of any other woman
dependent upon him for support.
Mr. DIXON. In thecasc stated by the Senator
from Iowa, the woman might have sons capable
of taking care of her. Why exempt the husband
in that case? She is dependent on her husband,
but still she may have half a dozen sons. This
is the case of a widow with only one son, who is
dependent on that son for support. The bill al-
ready provides that in case that widow is infirm
or aged the son may be exempted. I desire, it
the widow is dependent on him for any cause for
suppoit, that he shall be exempted, although she
may not be herself aged or infirm. There may be
oihor causes why he may be exempted.
Mr. WILMOT. I will suggest to the Senator
from Connecticut to amend the amendment so as
to read, "the sou, liable, to military duty, of a
widow, on whom she is dependent for support."*
She m ight have two or three you ng sons who could
by no possibility contribute to her support, and
the only son who did contribute to her support
might be liable to military duty, and under this
provision would be exposed to be taken off. He
would not be an only son; she has two or three
others, but they are utterly incapable of render-
ing any support to her. " A son liable to military
duty" should be the language.
Mr. DIXON. We all know there is something
peculiar in the case of a widow with an only
son. If a widow has other sons that may grow
up, and be able to suppoit her, in case that son
is lost in battle, then, of course, the reason for
exemption does not exist; but there is, as the bill
already implies, a reason why the only son of a
widow should be exempted. The exemption in
the bill is in case of infirmity or old age. 1 pro-
pose that it shall not be confined to cases of m-
iinni.y or old age, but shall apply to all cases of
ti -i-'tal dependency.
 lr. WILMOT. I will move to amend the
proposition by inserting the woids "a son liable
military duty;" because if a widow has two or
titree sons of tender age whom she is bound to
support, certainly the circumstances under which
she is placed are much stronger ni favor of ex-
empting the son that does contubufe to her sup-
port tnul is liable to military duty. Ifthereisany
wisdom in the amendment, it should be modified
in this way.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator be kind enough
to state how the amendment wilt then read? Per-
haps I will accept it.
Mr. WILMOT. " The son, liable to military
duty, of a widow," &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut, by insert-
ing, after the word " son," the words " liable to
military duty."
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me that might in-
clude the case of a widow who had several chil-
dren, and one of them liable to do military duty.
It make$> it broader instead of more narrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, to insert
after the word "son" the words "liable to mili-
tary duty," so that the clause will read:
Secondly, the onlv s-on liable to tmlitary duty of an nged
and infirm widow, dependent on Inm lor suppoit.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer an amendment, on
page nine, section seventeen, line three, after the
word "shall," to strike out the word "furnish,"
and inseit the words "pay to the War Depart-
ment such sum and m such places as it may des-
ignate for the purpose of procuring," and after
the word "substitute," m line six, to insert tin*
words "so procured." The section will then
vest the authority to piocuie rsubstittUes m the
War Department, under such regulations as it
may establish, and will read as follows:
Sec . 17. Jind be UJurtfwr enacted, Th.il <my person en-
rolled and dratted according to the provi-sion5* of this act
who shall pav to the YV\u^Depaitment such sum and in
such places a« it may deviate lor the purpose of procur-
ing <in ner<.pta!)!c substitute, rhnlt ther«Mipou x'eehe fmm
the hoard of emollmeiit ;i --ciUiieate or di^ebaific trom such
diaft which shall exempt hun from ni ninny duty during the
tune for which lie was dialled, and suUi Mibstitut" po>
• •tired shall be emitted tothe«nm< pa> and allowances pro-
