1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
vided by law as if he had been originally drafted into the
service of the United State:?.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to correct a verbal mistake before proceeding
to the consideration of that amendment. In the
amendment which i offered, the Secretary, by mis-
take, inserted the words " aged and infirm," which
were proposed by nobody. No such amendment,
as I heard, was offered. I think it is a mere
clerical error.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be open for modification when the bill
is reported to the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator from California
will allow me, I propose to offer an amendment
to the twelfth section, which, I think, if he will
examine it, will supersede the necessity of the
amendment which he proposes, and perhaps make
the hill more symmetrical.
Mr. LATHAM. If such is the case, I will
withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California withdraws his amendment for the
time being;.
Mr. COWAN. In section twelve, line seven,
after the word " number," I move to strike out
the rest of that section, and to insert the follow-
ing in lieu thereof:
And fifty per ccnt. in addition, and shall raako an exact
and complete roil of the names of the peisons so diawn,
and of the oider in which they weie drawn, so that the first
draw n may Hand first upon rhe said ioll and tiie second may
stand second, and so on; and iln  persons so diawn shall be
notified of the same withm ten days thereafter by a written
or printed notice, to be reived personally or by leaving a
copy at then place oi re-idencc with an adult member of
tiu'ir family, leqinnncr them to appear at a designated ren-
dezvous, to report ioi dim .
Then I propose, in lieu of section thirteen, to
inset t the fuiiowing':
jind If it further cnadcil, That any person appearing at
the lenae^vou-; afoiosaul and paying to the piovota mar-
shal tho -iiin of shall iocoiv*' a roceipt fot the same,
which shall entitle th ; person paying the same to an ex-
emption fioiu setvice undei the call" for which paid draft
wax mad'': and the person next upon Hie ioi) thai! be ealled,
and xhall an-swei for the pei'on so exempted; and if any
person shall fail to appear at the rendezvous atbie -aid, he
shall be sublet to bo tii'id by a eourt-maiual and fined lor
hU refusal in ,i Mim not le«-< than twenty dollars and not
moie than and in default of payment thcioof shall be
imp'ironed'one month lor eveiy twenty dollars imposed
and in an ear of s.ud fiiu .
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania offers an amendment, consist-
ing of two propositions. The question will be
taken separately upon them. The first amend-
ment will be read af the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of section twelve after the word " number,"
in the seventh line, m the following words:
And =i\ty per cent, in addition lrom the names on enroll-
ment 1M of the dKtuet; and the persons s-o diattod shall
be unnitahatciv notified in the provost mai;:hal by wnttcn
or punted notice, served por-onaliy on the man drafted, or
by leaving the same at Ins la-t place of residence, to appear
on a day not exceeding ten days aliei the draii, at a desig-
nated lendezvout'j and icpoti i->r duty.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And fifty pei cent, in addition, and thall make an cvaot
and complete roll of the nainet, of the petsons so diawn,
and of the ord-a in wlueh they were drawn, so that the
liist diawn may stand hist upon the caid roll, and the sec-
ond may stand second, and &o on ; and the persons ■ « drawn
shall he notified of the -.ame within then dajstluiealtet by
a vs ritten oi printed notice, to be served personally, or by
leaving a copy at tiicii place of ie£adencc with an adult
member of th< ir family, lequninsitheinto appear at a desig-
nated lendczvous to icport tor duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to strike out that part of the amendment (as it will
only render the matter more indefinite) which re-
quires the notice to be left with an adult member
of the family, and let it stand so as to read, " by
leaving a copy at their place of residence."
Mr. COWAN. It now reads, " at their place
of residence, and with an adult member of their
family." Otherwise, it might be left with a child.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is sufficient if if is left
at his residence.
Mr. COWAN. It should be left with an adult.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Leaving1 it at his resi-
dence is enough.
Mr. COWAN. Well, I will accept that modi-
fication.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania to stnke out the ten daysand make
it a less number. That is too longa time. Five
days is ample.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania repeat his modification of
the amendment which he accepts?
Mr. COWAN. I accept the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine, to strike out
the woids " with an adult member of his family,"
and insert u at his last place o£residence."
Mr. FESSENDEN. How does it read now ?
The Secretary. u Leaving a copy at their last
place of residence."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will do.
The amendment^ as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I now move the second amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out section thirteen, in the following words:
Sec. 13. kindle it further enacted, That any pei son fail-
ing to reportaftei due service ofnotice, as heieinprcscribed,
shall be deemed a debitor, and shall be arrested by the pro-
vost maishal and sent to the nearest military post for trial
by a court-martial; unless upon proper showing that he is
not liable to do military duty, the board of enrollment shall
irheve him from the draft.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Jlnd be it further crtaded, That any person appearing at
the rendezvous aforesaid, and paying (o the provost mar-
shal the sum of $250, shall receive a rcceipt lor the same,
which shall entitle the pei^on pajingthe same to an ex-
emption from corvice under the call foi which said draft
wa-j made; and the person next upon the roll shall be called,
and shall answer foi the person so exempted ; and if any
person shall fail to appear at tho rendezvous afoiosaid, he
shall he-subject to be tucd by a couit-marttal and fined for
Iih refusal in a sum not less'than £'20, nor moie than .$300,
and in default of payment thereof shall be imprisoned one
month tor eveiy twenty dollars imposed and m arrcar of
said fine.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The first
part of that amendment would take the place of
another section of this bill which the Senator
from California proposed to amend. I am very
willing to have this changed,and, in fact, I prefer
that change. I think it better to allow the person
drafted to pay a sum of money than to famish
the substitute; that is, if the person drafted could
pay a sum of money, and let the Government fur-
nish the substitute, 1 think it would work better.
But, sir, the last portion of the amendment I cer-
tainly hope will not be adopted by the Senate. I
think wc- had better stand on the thirteenth sec-
tion of the bill, which treats the person who does
not report himself within ten days as a deserter,
who maybe arrested and tried by a court-martial,
and punished or not, according to circunfstances,
receive as lightapumshment us the court pleases,
and be sent forward to his regiment. The amend-
ment proposes simply that ho shall be fined and
bo impi iuoncd if lie does not pay his fine; but you
discharge him and ho gets out of the service. We
are not after money, wc are after men; and there-
fore I certainly hope the thirteenth section will be
allowed to stand, and that the latter part of this
amendment will not be adopted. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the words that ap-
ply to the thirteenth section. I will ask the Soc-
ietal y to read the woids that I propose to strike
out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And if any person shall fad to appear at the rendezvous
afoiesatd. he shall be subject to be tried by a court-martial
and fined for lnv refusal in a ^-uin not less than fc-20 and not
more than.^OO; and in default of pa> ment theieof, shall
be* impusoued one month for every twenty dojlais imposed
and m airear of said fine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The. Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words just read.
Mr. COWAN. I hope those words will not
be stricken out. I look upon them as the very
kernel of the bill, the most important clause in it
by far; because it proposes to allow persons unwill-
ing to serve to pay a fine in lieu of serving. I have
only to say that, m my judgment and belief, unless
some such provision as that is inserted in the bill,
this diaft and this whole law will "be rendered to-
tally ineffectual, because the officers will get into
such difficulties in its execution, and it will create
such excitement, that they will finally abandon it,
as they have done heretofore.
Now, if we allow, as seems to be very gener-
ally agreed, a man who is able and ready on the
spot to pay $250 to come forward and pay it to the
provost marshal and excuse him on that ground,
t do not seetany reason why we should not ex-
i cuse, on his refusal, the man who is able to pay
I that sum, perhaps two weeks after that time, and
I who does it upon hems fined by a court-martial,
i The reason given for opposition to that particular
proposition is wholly wanting. When a man is
fined by a court-martial and pays his fine, he is
by no means discharged from nis liability to mili-
tary service. That fine is not a commutation to
be paid in ipnoneyfor the services which he ought
to render to the country; but it is a penalty im-
posed upon him for his refusal; and his name goes
back to the wheel, and it is liable to be drawn the
next week, as I understand.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Why dis~
charge him at all ?
Mr.COWAN, In answer to the question of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I will say, I would
discharge him, becausc I would not have in the
Army a-ny but a willing soldier; and none but a
willing soldier will ever be worth anything for the
purpose of saving the country—never; especially
in this country where the whole power of the Gov-
ernment bases itself upon the people, and upon
the free will and consent of that people to volun-
teer themselves in its service or to come to its re-
lief when they are called upon by the legal au-
thorities. To my mind, no greater anomaly could
bo intioduced into our administration of this form
of Government than a proposition to compel any
man under any circumstances to serve in its ar-
mies. Our whole theory has gone upon a different
hypothesis heretofore, and all our provisions of
law looked tp the perfect freedom of the soldier
in his entry into the service of the country. From
the little experience I have had in this matter,
looking at the working of it, I am satisfied that
in no other way will the ranks of the Army be
filled. _
But if, Els is proposed in the amendment I have
offered, a roll shall be made, and fifty per cent,
more of men are drawn than are required for tho
quota, then they will go into rendezvous and will
call the roll. *Those who do not answer will
either come up and pay |250 down without any
court-martial, or they will answer afterwards to
a couit-martial and pay their fine. I think that
line should be made more than $250 for obstinate
cases. After having done that, it would be found,
if this limitation is adopted, the fifty per cent, in
addition will cover all deficiencies, will cover the
ease of all those who refuse to go; whereas if you
say you will compel a man at all hazards to go,
whether he will or no, you will have the same
trouble you have had heretofore with substitute
brokers, who will raise the price of substitutes
all over the country, and oppress the people in
that way.
There is another amendment which I propose
to make afterwards, which will look towards the
furnishing of a fund out of which substitutes can
be procured. I think the limit embraced in this
bill is too wide and brings in too many people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me there is a
little difficulty about both branches of the Sena-
tor's amendment. The first provision has been
adopted, and under that, if I understand it, the
first man called may pay his $250, and the Go\-
ernment in that way gets substantially a substi-
tute. It is designed to give it a substitute. But
the amendment goes on to provide that the next
man on the list shall take the place of the first.
Now, in that way suppose you alternate to a cer-
tain degree. The Government gets out of the one
hundred and fifty per cent, drawn, its quota o(
soldiers, and at the same time getf^ie $>250 a piece
from a portion of them. It strikes me on loflec-
tion, although that amendment has been adopted,
that if the $250 is paid, the second man should
not be considered as taking the place of the first;
but the man who had paid that money should be
considered as one of the draft.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me,
the second man takes his place upon the roll upon
his own independent footing. He is not m any
way connected with the previous man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all vety true; but
according to the working of lhat amendment, if
you wanted one hundred men, foi instance, out
of one hundred and fifty drafted you would get
youi one hundred men that you actually wanted,
and you would get fifty who would pay &250
apiece. You would get both men and money.
That is not intended, I take it.
Mr. COWAN. That is intended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you are gating
more than the quota from that particular district
or section, more than they are obliged to furnish,
certainly, because you get one hundred and fifty
