1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion to devise such means and take such action as the safety
and wcllare of the ioy.il citizens of Virginia may demand,
having matuteiy considered The premises, and viewing with
gieat concern the deplorable condition to which this once
happy Commonwealth mini he reduced unless some regu-
lar adequate remedy is speedily adopted, and appealing* to
the Supieme ituler of the universe for the rectitude of our
intentions, do hereby, m the name and on behalf of the
good people of Virginia, solemnly declare that the preser-
vation of their dearest rights and liberties, and their secu-
rity in peison and piopeny, impetatlvely demand the reor-
gaiu/.aiion of the government of the Commonwealth, and
that all acts of sau! convention and executive, tending to
separate this Commonwealth from the United States, or to
levy and carry on war against them, are without authority
and void ; and that the offices of all who adhere to the said
convention and executive, whether legislative, executive,
or judicial, are vacatcd.
An Ordinance for the reorganisation of the State Govern-
ment, pasted June J 9. 18G1.
The people of the .State of Vngima, by their delegates
assembled in convention at Wheeling, do oidain as fol-
lows :
1. A Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Attorney Gen-
eral foi the Suite of Viignna shall be appointed by this
convention, to di.-ehaige the duties and e.xetcise the pow-
ers which pertain to their i elective offices by the existing
law< ot the State, and to continue m office for six months'!
or until then successor ho elected and qualified; and the
General Assembly i-  required to provide by law lor an elec-
tion of Governor and Lieutenant Governoi by the people a&
soon as m their judgment such an election can be properly
held. * '
2. A Council, to consist of five members, shall bo ap-
pointed by this convention, to consult with and advise the
Governor respecting <uch matters pertaining to his official
duties as lie shall s-ubnut for consideration, and to aid in
the execution of his official oiders. Theii term of office
shall cxphe at the same time as that of the Governor.
no j , ^ll0 Delegates elected to the Geneial Assembly on the
23d day of May last, and the Senators entitled undei exiting
laws to seats in the next Genera! Assembly, together with
such Delegates and Senatois as may be duly elected under
the ordinances of this- convention, or existing lavv , to fill
vacancies, who shall qualify themselves by taking the oath
or affirmation heieinairer >ct foith, -hall constitute the Le-
gtr-latuti: oi the State, to di-ehaige the duties and exeieise
the powcis pertaining to the Gonial Assembly. The* shall
hold their offices fiom the parage of this ordinance until the
end ot tlic terms for winch they weie respectively elected.
They shall assemble m the cit\ of Wheeling, on tiie 1st day
of July next, and proceed to oigaruzo thenWlves as pie-
senbed by existing laws, in thou  espeetive branches. A
majonty in each btanch of the members qualified as afore-
said shall constitute a quotum to do business. A majoi it}*
of the members of each branch thus qualified, voting affirm-
atively, fhall bo competent to pa-.s anvact specified m the
twenty-fouith section of the fourth amclc ol the constitu-
tion of the Stale.
4. The Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney Gen-
eral, members of the Lrgi-sJatuio, ana all officer now in the
service of the State, or of any eon ity, eity, ui town thereof,
or hereafter to be elected or appointed foi ,-uch seivice. in-
eluding the judges and clerks ot tlie^eveia! oouits, sheutls,
commissioners of the icveiffic. justices of the peace, offi-
cers of the crty and municipal corpoiatK n«, and officers of
militia, and ofiiceis and pnvatesof volunteer companies o(
the Stale, not musteied into the set vice of the United States,
slmll each take the following oath oi affirmation before nio-
ceedmg in the discharge of their several duties:
i solemnly sw^ai (or affnm) that T will support the Con-
stitution of the United Stales, and the laws in ide m pur->u-
ciiicc theieof, as the supreme law of the land, anything in
the constitution and laws of the Stat" of Vngima. or iinlie
oidmances of the convention which assembled at Rielnnond
on tlic 13th of Febrttaiy. 1S31, to the contiaiy notwithstand-
ing ; and that r will nphohl and defend the' government of
Virginiaa« vindicated and re itored by the convention which
av*emb!ed at Wheeling on the 11th day of June, Ibbl.
It any elective ofljeer, who i* requued by the preceding
section to take such oath or affirmation, fail or refuse so to
do, it shall be the dutv ot the Governor, upon satisfactory
evidence of the fact, to issue hi*, writ declaring the office
to he vacant, and ptovidnmfor a special election to fill «uch
vacancy, at some convenient and eai Jy dav to be designated
in said writ; of which due publication shall be made tor
the inclination of the p<>r*ou^ entitled to vole at such elec-
tions; and *uch writ may be directed, at the di.scietion of
the Governor, to the shei ifl or sheriffs of the pioper county
or counties, or to a special cotimiisj-ioncr or commissioners
to he named hv the Governor for the purpose, ff the offi-
cer who tails or ictuses to take such oath oraffiunation be
appointed l j the Governor, lie shall fill the vacancy with-
out writ; hut if ««ueh ofi'icet be appointed otherwise than
bj the Governor oi by election, the writ shall be issued by
the Governoi, directed to the appointing power, icq wring
it to fill the vacancy. 3
ARTIIHI I. BO REMAN, President.
(t. L. Cranmer, Secretary.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state as briefly as
possible to the House the reasons which will gov-
ern the vote which I shall castupon the bill which
is now pending before this body. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, in common with other mem-
bers, I had grave doubts as to the propriety of the
passage of this bill, and I have therefore since
given it the more careful and grave consideration.
My mind is now made up clearly that we ought
to pass the bill here and now, and I desire briefly
to give the reasons which led me to that conclu-
sion.
Two things arc required by the Constitution of
the United States for the admission of this new
State: first, the assent of the Legislature of the State
out of which it is to be formed; and secondly, the
assent of Congress. The decision then turns to
a great extent upon the question whether the Gov-
ernor now acting as the Governorof Virginia,and
residing at Wheeling, and the Legislature to which
he communicates his messages,arereally-the Gov-
ernor and Legislature of the loyal people of Vir-
ginia. 1 think they are, and that the history of
events in Virginia will prove that fact.
When, in February, 1861, the traitorous author-
ities of Virginia attempted to take that State out
ot the,Union, the people of Western Virginia no-
bly resisted that conspiracy; and instead of join-
ing with their fellow-citizens in other parts of (lie
State, they called together aconvention elected by
the loyalists of that region, and some other coun-
ties not included within the boundaries of the new
State, and determined to stand, at every hazard
and through every persecution, by the Union as
it was. That convention, speaking the voice of
all loyal Virginians, called all the members elect
of the Legislature—chosen as they were on the
day prescribed by their State constitution—who
would take the oath ot fealty to the Union, to meet
at Wheeling; and thus a loyal Legislature, chosen
in accordance with the constitution and law of
Virginia, assembled and was organized. This
machinery of the State government had been
abandoned by Governor Letcher and by the Legis-
lature which participated with him in his treason.
It haying thus lapsed, theloyal people of Western
Virginia took possession of this machinery, in
order that all the State might not be driven into
this wicked rebellion.
The next question is, has this loyal Legislature
been recognized? There are facts enough in the
action of the various branches of this Government
to prove to us that they have, one and all, fully,
and in various ways, recognized this as the only
true and rightful goveinmentof Virginia. Allow
me to present a few of them:
First. The Senate of the United States has rec-
ognized this Legislature as the Legislature of the
State of Virginia, and admitted two Senators elect-
ed by that body to fill vacancies caused by treason,
as the rightfully chosen Senators of Vngtnia. That
was done almost unanimously by that body.
Secondly- The executive departmentoftheGov- j
ornment, and the highest portion ofthat
existence in Virginia; and this ;House affirmed-
their conclusion as correct. . After a thoi*<)VgKaVgir^
ment, which of course involved thequestip$asj^%
whether the Governor had authority ity oy&ejr the,"
election, Mr. Sega r was admitted to Ms
now holds it here; and many gemleraepVpMt |he;
other side of the House joined with the toajarl^-
on that occasion in recognizing GovernorPierpont
as the rightful Governor, as I hope they will do
again to-day.
I say, then, that not only the twQ legislative.
branches of theGovernment, but that the President
ofthe United States and the various members of the
Cabinethave, withoutdissentand witboutprotest,.
as far as I have heaTd, by any one up to this day,
recognized Governor Pierpont and the Wheeling
Legislature as the rightful authority in Virginia,
and it therefore seems to be a settled and con-
cluded question; and the consent of this Legisla-
ture to the division of the State is sufficient to bring
it within the purview of the Constitution.
There is another reason, based not on consti-
tutional right, but on expediency, why I shall vote
for the admission of this State. For many years
past it 1ms been apparent to the people of the
whole Union that the interests of Western Vir-
ginia wercnothomogeneous with those of Eastern
Virginia. Divided by a great natural boundary,
the Alleghany mountains, the traffic and com^
merce between the two sections was so insignifi-
cant as not to be worth mentioning. They differed
in interests, in habits, and to a great extent in in-
stitutions, for while Eastern Virginia was largely
populated by slaves, in Western Virginia there
was a very small portion of that kind of popula-
tion. The interests of the two sections of the
State, as we have seen in the stormy conflicts in
the Legislature and in conventions, have always
been irreconcilable; and I think it, therefore, for-
tunate that, by the authority of law and of the
Constitution, we can now admit Western Virginia
as a State into the Union. I confess, also, that I
shall welcome it now with peculiar pleasure when
I see that her people have provided for the ulti-
mate extinction of slavery, and when she comes
here knocking at our door with the tiara of free-
dom upon her brow. I think, therefore, thatcon-
siderations of expediency, as well as of constitu-
tional power, justify me m this vote. This region
of Vtrginia which it is proposed to admit embraces
Xecnfive
department, the President himself has repeatedly \> forty-eight counties, with a sufficient population
recognized the Governor and the Legislature of ■; for a State, and with great industrial resources.
Virginia as the rightful authorities ot that State, ji Its people are almost, if not entirely, unanimous
Thirdly. The Secretary of the Treasury has ii in the desire to be admitted into the Union; and
recognized that government as the rightful govern-
ment of Virginia, for he has paid to them out of I
the Treasury of theUnion, withoutcomplamt and J
without protest from any oncof all the twenty-odd i
millions of loyal people of the United States, the :
$40,000 remaining in the Treasury as theshaie of '
while Eastern Virginia has been surrendered al-
most entirely to this wicked conspiracy and un-
natural rebellion, the people of Western Virginia
have, over and over again, and by repeated votes,
in spite of threats from the State government at
Richmond and of the confederate authorities,
the State of Virginia of the proceeds of the sales of <| maintained their adherence to the Government. I
the public lands, and which the State of Virginia
had hitherto refused to take from the Treasury.
Fourthly. The Secretary of War has recognized
thisgovcrnmentas the lawful governmentofVir-
ginia, and Governor Pierpont as the rightful Gov-
ernor of Virginia, by accepting his commissions
to the officers of the noble and loyal volunteer regi-
ments ofVirginia, as com missions emanating from
rightful and legal authority.
Mr. CONWAY rose.
Mr. COLFAX. My friend from Kansas will
excuse me till I complete my allusion to these
points, when 1 will yield to him for a question,
with pleasure.
Fifthly. The Secretary of the Interior also has
recognized the same thing in his communicating
to Governor Pierpont, as the Governor of Vn-
ginia, the official notice of the congressional appor-
tionment under the census of 1860, as required by
law.
Sixthly. This House of Representatives—and
I am glad to say that gentlemen upon the other
side of the House largely participated in that act
at the last session—recognized Governor Pierpont
as the rightful Governor of Vngima when they
admitted the gentleman who represents the district
around Fortress Monroe, [Mr. Segar.] who came
here and claimed admission under an election or-
dered by Governor Pierpont, although that is a
portion of Virginia distant from that which is now
proposed to be admitted as a State. The loyal
people there, however, recognized the Wheeling
government as the only legal State government in
think there is something due to them for their
fidelity and patriotism.
I must acknowledge I was surprised and pained
when I saw this morning the Representative from
the young State of Kansas opposing the admis-
sion of this new State of Western Virginia, In
the dark and troublous times, when the heel of
the invader was upon the prostrate people of Kan-
sas, and when, with much more irregularity than
that which now surrounds this constitution,even
according to the argument of the gentleman him-
:i self, the people of that State organized and sent to
us the Topeka constitution, I was glad to stand
|j by them in this Hall and to say that the spirit of
jj the Constitution having been complied with and
lj the people desiring that relief, we ought to open
ji the door and welcome Kansas into the Union. At
I last, after years of struggle here, her call was
M heeded and she is now in the glorious sisterhood
I' of States; and I was therefore the more pained
|j when 1 saw her talented and eloquent Representa-
li tive interposing objections which seemed to me to
: be more technical than of substance to "the grant-
i ing of the petition which the oppressed people of
Western Virginia have sent here, following to
! some extent the example set by Kansas. And
; now, sir, I will yield to my friend from Kansas
. to enable him to ask his question.
| Mr.CONWAY. I soughttointerrupt myfriend
! from Indiana for the purpose of inquiring whether
| the recognition of the President was not the first
! given to the newgovernmcnt, and whether the ree-
  ogiiuioii by the Senate and the admission of the
