982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
in fact. It strikes me that the better way would
be, with icference to that, to place it in the altern-
ative: that the individual drawn shall furnish a
substitute, or at his election pay the sum of $250.
Then, if you wantone hundred men, for instance,
you get that number or the money. Otherwise,
by allowing this payment, the fifty who come hist,
and who were only to take the place of otheis in
case ihey failed, stand more than the chance they
bargained for.
Mr. COWAN. A rich community should be
taxed.
Mr. FRSSENDEN. But a rich community is
only to be taxed with so many men. It is not to
be taxed so many men, and §250 m addition from
certain other men. The Senator's amendment
makes it in that way, if I understand it.
Then, with regard to his second proposition, it
strikes me the important point is that it should
be substantially tis it is now in the bill; other-
wise look at the inconsistency. The Senator lets
an individual off who appears and pays $250; but
ifa man does notappear at all,he is arrested and
fined twenty dollars. How many will be willing
lo pay $250, when they know that by refusing to
appear, and being arrested^ they can get off by
paying twenty dollars? Is not that the effect of
it?
Mr. COWAN, If the Senator wiH allow me a
moment, all men who can pay the $259, and do
not wish to will do so at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a uo  sequitur.
Mr.'COWAN. But there are men who will
be unable to pay it, whom no court-martial, after
eonsidermg their circumstances, would require to
pay that amount-, and I propose to provide for
them, that if they do not choose to pay down
the §250 at once, they shall appear before a court-
martial, and the court-martial shall fix the amount
which they ought reasonably to pay; taking in
view all (he circumstances of the case.
Mr. FRSSENDEN. Two things are necessary:
• not only that a man should be willing;, but that he
should be able to pay. If a man may appear and
excuse himself on paying $250, or if he does not
appear, may be arrested and fined, within thedis-
cretion of the court, from $20 to $300, what will
be the effect? Take the ease of a community
wheie the draft is not a popular thing; you make
the diafi; the men refuse to go, and, of course, m
that community ihey will put the fine at the low-
est sum, twenty dollars; and then a man, no matter
how much he may be worth, will say to himself,
" it io no use to go there and pay $250. Ail I have
got to do is to stay away to he at rested, pay twenty
dollar-., and 1 shall get off." That will be the
result of n inevitably in a community where the
feeling h, against the diaft at all.
•\h. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator per-
mit in.- to m ike a single explanation ?
.Mi. I-'ESSKNDIiN. Certainly. I shall be very
glad to hear the Senator.
Mr. RICH A RDSOiN . Wheieo man pays the
$250* as 1 understand, he is exempt from that
draft: hut wheie he pays tin; twenty dollars, he
is still liable to militai y duty
Mr. WILMOT. Not for that call.
Air. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir; his name is
still on the list.
Mr. CLARK. But he has got to be drawn
again.
' Mr. RICHARDSON. Weil, if that is not so,
the loop''/:1 ton is not iight,
Mi. i'lilSSENDEN. it may bu made so spc-
^Air/RlCflAjlDSON. Uought to be made so.
VIr. ('LARK. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Illiu'.'S, that the i isk of being drawn again would
be a lib re nothing, because you have dtawn al-
ready per cent moie than you want, and the
dotiCieii :•/]:- made up from that additional number.
.Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another thing to
be ctU'SiJi red. You want men, and you want
men I u th't ['articularoccasion. That particular
dr ii:5 1 .alv' it, would f xhaust itself by the opera-
;:<> Tiurefoie, when you have drawn a man,
,i,i i ;>.'o\ i<!ed that if lie dees not appear he shall
be • •! ■:! twen'y dol!ars,aad 'et off, Ii,.- disappears;
ve ,■ ,r ■<>. pet h ips, are mash- up: atany rate the
■-/ - ;• through with; and your leaving hun
ha-;. r i a su'>m qm-nt diafr does notgivo you the
nu e you want at tile tnne you want them; and
ti! le ),;; i v lie impOiMW.
ICli A RDbON, 1 flunk n would be but
just to make him pay a fine of twenty dollars, and
then make him abide by all the consequences of
his not appearing at the rendezvous. That is the
way I thought the amendment stood.
Mr, FESSENDEN. As it stands now un-
doubtedly it could 'tee made to meet the Senator's
'viewj but my own opinion is that it will fail to
accomplish the purpose you design to accomplish
in the time in which it is necessary to do it; and
time may be all important. You do not answer
the necessity for a man to-day, if you provide
that you may have him next month by another
draft; because in the mean time the occasion may
have gone by. Therefore, I say, in my judgment,
theie should be some mode more stringent than
that which is proposed by the amendment of the
honorable Senator; and I do not see any necessity
why the thing should not be compulsory. You
should say to a man, " here, sir, you are drawn;
if you please, you may furnish a substitute; if
you please, you may pay $250; if you choose to
do neither of these, and fad to appear, you are
liable to arrest, to be tried as a deserter, and pun-
ished according to the discretion of the court that
tries you." That is sufficiently liberal, and that,
I take it, would be efficient; and efficiency is what
we wish to accomplish. The mode proposed by
my friend from Pennsylvania would fail utterly,
in my judgment; because, in the first place, the
two parts of his amendment are inconsistent with
each other; and everybody who designed to avoid
the draft would choose the last, and would get off
for a mere nominal sum.
Mr. COWAN. I think if the Senator will re-
flect a moment, he will find that there is no induce-
ment for a person to accept the latter horn of the
dilemma; because, if he is able to pay, if he has
no extenuating circumstances to offer before the
court-martial why he should not pay the full fine,
they may fine him not only $250, but $300. For
the very purpose of preventing such a thing, I
would make that larger than the sum originally
tecjuired, in order to prevent him from taking that
advantage. The great difficulty that I sec about
executing this thirteenth section- 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senatorproceeds,
I should like to ask him a question. Suppose a
person will not pay the fine; would he levy an
execution on his property, and go through all that
delay? *
Mr. COWAN. This amendment provides the
mode after the fashion of the act of last year, and
the act of 1795.
Mr. SHERMAN. You put him in jail thirty
days, and at the expiration of that thirty days
he is discharged, I suppose.
Mr. COWAN. Ho is to stay there as long as
he refuses to pay it; and, let me say, a man who
Ms willing to lie in jail in default of the payment
of his fine would be of no kind of use tu us as a
soldier; and 1 beg gentlemen to keep constantly
in view, 'hat what we want now is to get soldiers
who will be effectual in the field. It is not merely
men you want; not merely male individuals of
adult ages; but men who go into the field able,
ready, and willing to servo the Republic, and to
serve it with willing hearts; not men who are ut-
terly incapacitated, perhaps, from being soldiers
at the outset, who have to be dragged by a provost
marshal into the camp, have to be compelled per-
force to take the oath which, after they have taken
it, is of no binding validity upon anybody, and
do unwilling service. Do gentlemen expect the
Republic to be saved by such men? Is an empire
to be saved in that way; or can it only be saved
by appealing to the loyalty of the people, the
willing hearts and hands who are to come to its
rescue ? in my judgment, unless it can be saved
by that appeal, it cannot be saved at all.
I object to basing this extraordinary proceed-
ing upon any such fiction as that the man isade-
sertet. It is not true. If we are go.ng to legislate
on t his matter, U t us legislate tiuly; let us tell the
ti uih in the law as we frame it. How can a man
be a deserter who has never been in the Army ?
How can he deseit unless he has been in some
service which he abandons ? This man has been
in no semce; ho has abandoned none; he has de-
serted nobody; and yet it is said he is a deserter;
and upon that fiction he is to be compelled, an un-
willing soldier, to go into the Army. 1 have no
objection to punishing him as far as anybody else;
but I do not want linn in the Army, and I do not
want him there for oiu own security, not for his.
I care nothing about him; but I want all such men
out of the Army and away from it. I think ten
thousand willing men are worth fifty thousand
men caught up and forced into the service, worth
nothing when you get them there, and only fit to
fill your hospitals and swell the ranks and num-
ber of your deserters. It would have been far
better at first, if we had been more choice in the
selection of our men.
I am opposed, therefore, to saving the country,
because I think it is nonsense to attempt to save
it, by means of men who cannot be brought to its
support except by the baton of the provost mar-
shal. It will always fail. I have full faith and
confidence in the people; and if a proper appeal
is made to them, and if they are treated tenderly
and gently in the application of this law, they will
come up, and come up in sufficient numbers; and
when they come, you will get such service out
of them as you will not be ashamed of, which, I
am sorry to say,has not always been the case here-
tofore. Why? Because we contented ourselves
simply with what seemed to be men. We must
have men—men who are really men—to engage
in this war and carry it through; not men who are
dragged away unwillingly, and who, perhaps, are
of no kind of use on any battle-field, or on any
work of that kind which requires the exertion of
manly strength.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, it seems to mo that the amendment moved
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, if incorporated
in this bill, will work the most mischievous con-
sequences to the country. I must confess I am
surprised that the Senator from Pennsylvania
should make a proposition of this character. Sup-
pose we want one thousand men from a congres-
sional district; under this proposition we draft
fifteen hundred. We provide that a person shall
pay a sum of money or furnish a substitute. If
he pays a sum of money, he is discharged. We
take no man in his place, and do not want him;
but still the Senator proposes that we shall proceed
and take the next man. We do not want the next
man. We have had the first man, or we have
had the specified sum of money, and the Govern-
ment has that sum of money with which to fur-
nish a substitute wherever it can find one in any
part of the country, and not put the burden on
anybody else. The Senator's plan is this: a man
is drawn, comes forward, and pays $250. He is
exempted during the time of this call, as he ought
to be, and the Government has got this money.
The Senator provides that they shall proceed and
draft somebody else who would not be drafted if
that man had not paid this money. If that prop-
osition is adopted, you will have a denunciation
of this bill by men all over the country. You
cannot defend it a moment.
Take the next proposition of the Senator. A
person is drawn. He can come forward and re-
port himself in ten days and be mustered into the
service, or he can pay his $250, if that be the sum
fixed upon, or furnish a substitute, if we agree
upon that, and then he is exempt; but the Sena-
tor further provides that this person, if he chooses,
may not come at all; he may wait to be sent for;
he may be arrested, tried before a court-mattial,
and fined twenty dollars; and if he pays it there
is an end of the case. Of course no man will
come forward under these circumstances and pay
$250. He would far rather run the risk of being
arrested and tried by a court-martial and fined
twenty dollars, and then be exempt. Why, sir,
this proposition is a bounty for men not to come;
and if this proposition be adopted, you may as
well vote down at once the bill. What you want
in this bill is to make it operate as equally as you
can on the people of the country. Let everybody
feel that it is an honorable thing to serve their
country, even if selected by a diaft. Let it be
felt by everybody that if he is drawn he will go
and serve the country unless his condition be such
that the sacrifice will be too great, and then he can
honorably come forward and pay the sum assessed
upon him or furnish a substitute. If that be don--
I think the people will joyfully respond to this call
upon them. But if they do not come, do not report
themselves or pay the money, they may be at-
rested,and may be punished or not punished, and
sent forward to their commands. That is what it
ought to be; that is whatis in the, bill. I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
The Senator eavvhe wants willing soldiers.
