46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
sas holds that, although it was void, it works
upon every citizen in Virginia who remained
loyal to the Union,somehow or other, a forfeiture
of «.!! his civil and legal rights as a citizen of that
State, and also works a forfeiture of their rights
under the Constitution of the United States.
Mr, RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
' Mr. HUTCHINS. I object.
Mr. OLIN. I cannot yield. I am at the mercy
of the gentleman from Ohio. [Laughter.]
Now, while 1 am up, I wish to say a few words
more. I said that 1 intended to vote for this meas-
ure. I voted against it at the last session of Con-
gress. I shall vote for it now with reluctance. I
shall vote for it mainly upon the ground that the
General Government, whether wisely or unwisely
I will not undertake to say, has encouraged this
movement to create a division of the State of Vir-
ginia. In the other branch of Congress they ad-
mitted, as the representatives of the State of Vir-
ginia, two Senators elected by the Legislature
assembled at Wheeling. We have recognized their
acts as those of fs.de facto government of that State.
Perhaps it was a necessity. I admit that it was
so. I had hoped, and still cling to that hope, that
the old State of Virginia, with the glorious mem-
ories which clustered around her in former years,
will yet be an honored member of the Union,
clothed and in her right mind.
I dislike to enter upon this process of disinte-
gration. Everything which we consider worthy
of respect and admiration, everything we cherish
in the memories of the past, is clustered around
these old landmarks, which define and give point
to our early history. Born in Vermont, I recog-
nize her glorious history as a part of my inherit-
ance, and i would not see her ousted out of the Con-
federacy. When the Confederacy was opposed
to her she fought the battles of the Confederacy.
She stood alone and fought on her own behalf the
battles of the Revolution. She not only did that,
but she fought New York upon one side, and New
Hampshire upon the other. [A Voice. And
whipped them both.] Yes, as my friend says,
whipped them both. [Laughter.] She came into
the Confederacy, and these landmarks and that
history are gloriously identified with the history
of this Union. I dislike tosee that history broken
into fragments.
1 dislike tosee this measure passed,but I have
made up my mind to it as a question of necessity,
and, as i said upon the floor of Congress at last
session, God being my helper, anything 1 can do,
or aid in doing, which is necessary to preserve
the Union of the States, I am ready to do. I am
ready to suffer, and I hone this House has patri-
otism enough to be impelled by the same motive.
Thanking the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Hutciun's] for his courtesy, I yield the floor.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the House but a moment; and in the begin-
ning 1 will answer the question which my friend
from New York [Mr. Olin] put to my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] in relation to the public
debt. Here is the provision of the constitution of
West Virginia in reference to that matter:
Au equitable portion of the debt of the Commonwealth
of Virginia pnor to the 1st day of January, 1861, shah he
assumed by this State, and the Legislature bhall ascertain
the snitic a* soon as may be pi<icucable,aml piovide for the
liquidation thereof by a sinking fund sufficient to pay the
accruing interest and redeem the principal witnin twenty-
four jcars."
Some gentlemen seem to argue this question as
though it were one for the admission anew of the
old State of Virginia. That is not this question,
though I admit that it would not hurt old Virginia
to be born again in this bill, if it sought to accom-
plish that object. This is simply providing for
the division of the State, and the constitutional
• question did not bother me in my vote. I was
bothered last session simply because the constitu-
tion of the State did not provide for the abolition
of slavery. I thought the people of Western Vir-
ginia had seen enough of the evils and bad influ-
ences of slavery, and had suffered too much from
its iron heel, to permit slavery to exist an hour in
their new government.
But there is a provision in this bill which, if it
passes, will remedy to some extent that difficulty,
it is thai all children of slave parents born after
the 4th of July, 1863, shall be frep; fill slaves at
that day under ten shall be free at the age of twenty-
one; all over ten and under twenty, shall he free
at twenty-five; and no slaves shall be brought into
the State with a view to a permanent residence.
It does provide for the gradual abolition of slavery
there; and although I could wish it had been more
immediate and direct, I believe that the people are
better than the politicians of Western Virginia;
for, though the members of that convention failed
to submit to the people the proposition whether
they would or would not abolish slavery, the
people themselves, without being invited to do so,
and without any form of law to that effect, by a
large majority in mostofthe counties, voted against
slavery, f think this is a guarantee that the new
State of Virginia will in process of time be a free
State. Therefore, reluctant as I was last session
to vote against this bill, I must cheerfully vote for
it now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to have a vote upon
the bill, and at the suggestion of many friends I
demand the previous question on the engrossment
and third* reading of the bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to make a few
remarks upon this subject, and would like an op-
portunity to do so.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
gentleman from Kentucky will be heard.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask permission
to appeal to the gentleman from Ohio a moment.
I understand the gentleman from Kentucky de-
sires to be heard upon the bill, and although I do
not desire to be heard myself, I appeal to my friend
to afford an opportunity to the gentleman from
Kentucky for that purpose.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. There is
another Representative from the State of Virginia
[Mr. Segar] who certainly ought to be heard be-
fore this debate is closed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will make a proposition to
the House, and if they will consent to it I will
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
It is that all debate upon this bill shall cease at
one o'clock to-morrow, and that a vote be then
taken.
By unanimous consent, the proposition was
agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now withdraw my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have n'ot much to say
upon this subject, and therefore shall speak hrief-
ly. I have no feeling upon this matter. 1 regard
it much more calmly than my friend from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Colfax.] With him it is a matter of
fcelingand a matter of sympathy. With me, in
the consideration I have given to it, it is a matter
of principle and constitutional law. These are
views which may appear a little stale iri this body.
Prom long usage and long habit of regarding the
Constitution ofthe United States as the only safe
basis upon which we can act, the only safe rule
we can follow in peace or in war, in prosperity or
adversity, I must be excused for regarding this
subject, not upon the broad and vague ground
of my sympathies or my feelings, but upon the
ground of the great policy of this nation, and the
Constitution of the nation.
I feel for the people of Western Virginia. I
appreciate their patriotism and their valor, and I
appreciate their wish to become, as expressed by
their Legislature, a free people. I have a proper
regard for all that; I have a proper respect and a
healthy sympathy for them; but when lam called
upon to give my judgment and to cast niv vote, I
must look to the Constitution of my country. I
see there that no State can be divided and another
State made out of its territory without its consent.
That is in positive and unequivocal language.
Now, what are we asked to dor Make a new State
out of Western Virginia.
Sir, can any argument make stronger the case
than the mere statement of the question? The
Constitution says you shall make no new State
within the jurisdiction of another State without
its consent. You aie asked to make Western Vir-
ginia into a State. The Constitution requires that
the State of which the new State has formed a part
shall «;ive her conscnt. Where is there room for
doubt? If the Constitution which we have sworn
to support is to be the rule of our action, I ask
you, m ail calmness and all sobriety of feeling, is
not the rule plain ?
There wasa Virgin iaonceby thatsimple name—
a great name at one period of our history, and one
of the original formers of the Constitution. She
made it. She never was admitted into the Union;
she formed it; she is apart of the original creation
and being. Does she ask to bo admitted? No.
But a part of that State wishes now to be formed
into a new State, and to be admitted into the Union
as an independent State. Is not that so? Is there
any ingenuity or any technicality which can change
the face of the facts?
You say that old Virginia no longer exists, and
therefore can give no consent. Is there one man
here who can be misled and blinded by such hy-
percriticism ? We know the fact to be otherwise.
We know that at this time old Virginia is in a state
of rebellion, which we are endeavoring, by all the
means in our power, to put an end to; a rebellion
which once put an end to, will restore her to her
constitutional place in the Union just as she ex-
isted before. You cannot admit anew State out .
of her boundaries without her consent, says the
Constitution. That is the limit of yourpower, and
that is enough to settle this question. You are ap-
pealed to and yourpower is invoked now to make
this a new State. It seems to me that you cannot
do it. I do not presume to argue with you on this
question, because it seems to me that the very
statement of it is an argument stronger than any-
thing that I can urge. We have heard a great
deal of imagination and of sympathy. That does
not make constitutions. That does not sustain
empires. It is not out of such stuff as" that that
the great, the majestic pillars have been reared
that support the mighty fabric of this Republic.
This question is to return to you. Remember that!
Look to the future. Is there a man here who does
not contemplate the restoration of this Union, and
the restoration of all these States to it? If Vir-
ginia were to-morrow to lay down the arms of her
rebellion and to ask to be admitted mtoourcoun-
cils, to be part of us, as she is by the Constitution
to-day, to be actually what she is constitutionally,
what could you say to her if you had created a
new State out of her territory ? What could you
say to her? Do you believe that with the pride
which ought to belong to one of the States of this
Union, the State would agree to come back, not
as she was, not with the boundaries she had, but
cut up and divided and made into different States,
to come back with circumscribed and diminished
power as a State ? Can you expect such a thing ?
Suppose, then, this question of peace or war, the
restoration of the Union or the continuation of hos-
tilities depends upon Virginia coming back, and
coming back as she went, coming backas she was
when she made this Constitution; coming back
whole and entire as Virginia, not as Eastern and
Western Virginia, but coming back as Vnginia. I
warn my friends from Western Virginia to look to
the future. You to-day make them a new State,
and interests rise up around them. Peace is to
come in a few years, and we here are to be ap-
pealed to on another side of this gieat question.
You will be told that we had no power to admit
this Statp, and you will be obliged to acknowl-
edge it. Old Virginia will come back and say, " I
gave no consent, and there is the Constiuuion
which says that without my consent you shall not
do what you have done, and now you cannot de-
prive me of my rights by any such unconstitu-
tional course of procedure."
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, I take it, from the
gentleman Ss argument,that he is not aware that the
Legislature ofViiginia has given its consent to the
foimation of this new State. It is probable, how-
ever, that he does not recognize the government
at Wheeling as the government of Virginia. If
that Legislature be the Legislature of the State,
and it has given its consent, then the whole peo-
ple of Virginia have given their consent, and the
constitutional requirement is fully met.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is one of the ar-
guments to which I had a general allusion when I
spoke of the strange arguments and fancies which
had been employed upon this question. Thegen-
tleman's argument supposes that the government
at Wheeling is the government ofVirgnna. Does
he not know that the contrary is the fact? Do we
not all, in point of fact, know the contrary? Do
we not know that the Legislature of the old State
of Virginia is sitting, for aught I know, at this
very moment, in the city of Richmond, and has
never discontinued itssessions there? Sir, the ar-
gument puts me in mind of one I somewhere read
long ago. Pending the war of our Revolution
the great principle on which America contended
against British taxation was that it was amongthe
