984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
fore,letthe law alone as it was; that is, in substance
provide as we have provided heretofore; rely on the
people as we have relied heretofore; and,as hereto-
fore, I think we shall be successful. Do not under-
take to make your laws tyrannical, harsh, arbi-
trary, and oppressive, or so as to excite the people
of particular neighborhoods, particularly when
there are thousands now anxious to be excited—
thousands anxious to take advantage of any blun-
der you may commit in perfecting this law. I
say, therefore, it behooves us to stand upon safe
ground, and upon ground which the wisdom and
experience of past ages have sanctified to us. I
insist that all these provisions for the safety and
security of the people be inserted.
Mr. CLARK, I have listened with some at-
tention to what the Senator from Pennsylvania
has said about obtaining willing soldiers. To
carry out his idea, it seems to me, we must aban-
don entirely the theory of this bill, which is one
of coercion and draft, and go back to the old sys-
tem of volunteering. But i desire to call his at-
tention to what would be the operation of the
amendment, if adopted, in a certain cast;. Sup-
pose a certain district is called upon for twenty
men, and the twenty men are drafted. The last
man, the twentieth man, is a rich man and able to
pay his $230; but the twenty-fust man, the man
coming next, who has been drafted to take his
place, is poor; he cannot pay. The twentieth man
pays down his $*i50, and is exempted. The
twenty-first man then has to come up and take
his place. He is poor; he cannot pay this sum,
and he cannot be exempted; but he is no more
willing than the twentieth man, and he is abso-
lutely dragged into the .service. Now, in order
to carry out the Senator's idea, you mustnotonly
exempt the man who can pay, but the man who
cannot pay, but docs not want to go, as well. But
what the Government wants is to get the men
into the service, and the theory of the bill is that
you shall draft the men. It says we must have
the men; the Government needs men. The Gov-
ernment can raise the money, but it cannot carry
on the war with money without the men.
Air. COWAN, if the Senator will allow me,
before lie departs from the subject of his ques-
tion, 1 will answer him exactly, what the twenty-
lit st man will do if he does not want to go any
more than the twentieth. The twentieth man is
able to raise the $250; he pays it down and is
exempted. Tin- twenty-first man comes forward
and says he cannot pay the §250, and he refuses
logo. What then? lie runs his risk before a
com t-martia! of reducing the fine by showing to
the court the circumstances which surround him,
and he may get off, perhaps, for twenty dollars.
Th.it is why I have said that it is n provision not
only An the nch but also for the pooi. lie may in
a few days discover that he can get a substitute;
and if you exempt from the enrollment those from
eighteen to twenty-one years of age, the proba-
bility is in his neighborhood he can get a substi-
tute. That is the answer.
Mr. CLARK. And that is a very pleasant
operation to make men willing. It is a good deal
like the man who signed the note that he would
pay when he was able and willing. The man
who held the note sued him. " But," said he,
44 i am not liable to pay this note." " Yes, you
are," was the reply. "How so; does not the
note read that I was to pay when I was able and
willing?" "Very true; it does." "Then lam
not bound to pay it." "Yes, you are; vou are
able, and I am going to make you willing." These
men are to be brought before a court-martial to
be made willing to go. Any man who would
rather go and serve his country than incur the
dishonor of being court-martialed and fined, will
go into the service. That is the way you get
willing soldiers. Nosv, sir, I should like this
section to be amended so as to read in this way:
That any person faihmz to report after due s-cmerof no-
tice, in heieni provided,'shall be deemed a de>eiter, and
shall be arie?.ted by the piovor-t martial and sent to the
nearest military po-t lor ti iai by a court-martial, unless lie
shall fuim-h a substitute or shall pay <>uch muh as the Sec-
retary of War shall piehcnbe for a substitute.
Or §250 if you please. That will meet the ob-
jection of the Senator from Vermont, that a poor
man is not allowed to get a substitute; and he
will be allowed to get a substitute in his neigh-
boihuod if he can, if he cannot go himself; and
it will meet the other objection about establishing
ft system of brokerage for substitutes; because if
a man is allowed to pay the Government §250 and
become exempt, there can be no such business.
You cannot enuiely meet the objection made by
the Senator from Pennsylvania if you carry out
this biil. You cannot expect to have all the sol-
diers willing to go. The very idea of a draft in
the service precludes the idea of men being will-
ing.
Mr. COWAN. I am perfectly willing to accept
the suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that the Secretary of War shall fix the sum
which any man who refuses to go shall pay.
Mr. CLARK. I putitin the alternative, either
to furnish a substitute or pay such sum as the
Secretary of War shall prescribe for getting a
substitute.
Mr. COWAN. Fix a sum that he may pay
without appealing to the Secretary of War.
Mr. CLARK. That will furnish the men. It
will allow the poor man to get his substitute, if
he can, at a less price, or give this money to the
Secretary of War to get a substitute with; and the
Government will have the men; and that is what
you want. If the Senator will withdraw his
amendment I will make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on an amendment to an amendment,
the Senator from Massachusetts having offeied
an amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 desire to
modify the amendment I proposed by including
some other words which 1 have marked, and
which I ask the Secretary to read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts modifies his amendment to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. It will be read, as modified.
The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike out the following words:
And the piMsoit next upon the roll shall be called and -hall
answer lor the person so exempted : .mil if any pei.son shall
tail to appeal at the rendezvous alotes.nd, lie shall be sub-
ject to be tried bv a eouiMnaitiai and lined ioi hi* refusal,
in a t-iim not less than ftOO and not inoje than c$3U0; and in
default of p.umcnt tiiereof shall be impn-oned one month
foi eveiy twenty dollars imposed and m airear of said fine.
Theamendmentto theamendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Secretary read the amendment as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to strike out the thir-
teenth section, and to insert the following:
Ami he it fuithvr cna<tc>I, That any pel son appealing at
the rendezvous aforesaid, and paying to the provost mar-
shal the sum ol £\!r>0, shall leecive a receipt for the same,
which shall entitle the pei>on paying the same to an ex-
emption iiom .service under the call for which Kiid diait w.u,
made.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope that
will not be agreed to. If the Senator desiies to
move this particular amendment, I think it had bet-
ter apply to another section—the seventeenth
section.
Mr. C^jARIC. It comes in here.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not de-
sire to have the thirteenth section stricken out. I
am willing to have it come in as a new section.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest that we pass this sec-
tion, and go to some other portion of the bill,
while we draw up an amendment, and consider it
for a moment.
Mr. COWAN. I will withdraw the amend-
ment for the piesent, so as to pass that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senator
from Pennsylvania desires to withdraw his amend-
ment. It will be considered as withdrawn by the
unanimous consent of the Senate. It is not in the
power of the Senator to withdraw his amend-
ment after it hos been modified, as this has been.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before we pass on to other
sections, I desire to offer an amendment to the
twelfth section. I wish to add to it the follow-
; ing:
j! That lu aligning to the distiiets in each State the num-
|j ber of men to be tuinisiied therefrom, the Piesident shall
I take info account the nurnbei ot volunteers or militia tur-
, nHied iiom the tftate I or the pcrviee of the United States
] smee the commencement of the present rebellion, and al-
1 low the same, aecouinig to the penod of their service, and
j allow the same to be nppoi turned equally among the dis-
; triets m the State, and make apportionment of the districts
| ot the scveial {States accordingly.
' Mr. President, the object 1 desire to effect is
this: this twelfth section provides for calling men
into the service by draft from this enrollment by
districts. I desire, as far as practicable, that the
States which hcive furnished volunteers and militia
already, shall have the number they have fur-
nished taken into consideration in making the ac-
count. I have no doubt, so far as my observation
is concerned , that the State to which I belong and
the neighboring States are perfectly willing to fur-
nish their proportion of whatever the Government
need to finish successfully this war; but they de-
sire that their neighbors should do so too. I think
the reluctance to meeting the call under this bill
would arise from the fact that several of the States
have not yet furnished their quota under previous
calls. It would bo very difficult to convince the peo-
ple of the State in which I live, who have furnished
their entire quota under every call, that they
ought to furnish it under this call for two or three
years' service by draft, and not require the neigh-
boring States to furnish the quotas in which they
are known to be deficient. We should be un-
willing to say, " we will blot out all the past and
start anew m relation to those that have done their
duty." This is the object of the amendment that
I have olTeted.
It is true, the President, in making his call un-
der this law on the distt icts, cannot ascertain how
many those several districts have furnished, but
he can ascertain how many the States have fur-
nished; and 1 have therefore diawn the amend-
ment so that, having ascertained what the State
has furnished, he shall allow to the districts, un-
der this bill, what they have furnished, accord-
ing to the length of time for which they have been
finmshed; if nine months' men, to regulate their
time accordingly. Having ascertained what the
State has furnished, he is then to apportion the
number required among the districts of that State
under this bill, so that each shall have, its account
and credit for the pait which it has already fur-
nished. That is the purpose of the amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know how that will
woik in Pennsylvania. We have had already
that equalization in the draft made there last Oc-
toberandNovember. Theseveial counties, nay,
even townships and boioughs, had the number
they furnished accredited to them m order to as-
certain the exact quota they would have to pro-
vide to meet that call. 1 suppose we could not go
into that again. I may say, for the information
of my honorable friend fi om Vermont, that he will
find very great trouble, I suppose, even in his
State, in making that equalization. Men do not
always volunteer immediately where they reside.
They very often go in squads. They did so  n
Pennsylvania. They went to Pittsbuig, Hams-
burg, and Philadelphia; and when they voiun-
teeied there, the people at Hariisburg and Pitts-
buig and Philadelphia claimed them, although
they really came from the rural districts, and those
rural districts claimed them, too; and so, on the
whole, I think they got credit for them sometimes
two or three times over.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know how things
stand exactly in this account among the States,
and I am not surprised to find how it stood in that
quarter. Now, 1 understand that under the late
draft for which, I repeat, the State to which I be-
long furnished its quota, the State of New York
is between thirty and forty thousand behind; and
they have not been furnished. I may be misin-
formed on that point.
Mr. KING. That is not their understanding
in New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire to make
any issue on that point. I make this amendment
just in this way, because the President can tell us
whether they are furnished or not.
Mr. COWAN. He has not done it, so far.
Mr. COLLAMER. This amendment would
require him to ascertain it. The amendment which
I have offered is not to be got rid of by any by-wind
of that kind. It provides that the President shall *
ascertain what each State has furnished, and that
he shall apportion it among the States by giving
credit to each State for what it has furnished in
each district of the State. What new districts
they will make under this law I do not know.
They may make a State into four districts or forty
| districts. I care not about that. My proposition
j is that what a State has furnished shall be equal-
! ized among the districts of that State; and then,
i having ascertained what is due among States, it
