986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
nar.itjvoly few. I believe T am also right when
I suy that in the volunteer service of the United
States there are a great many persons who are
are citizens, distributed all through the country,
not perhaps in "Vermont, but I think in Massa-
chusetts, 1 doubt not in New York and in Penn-
sylvania and in the West. Why is not their
case identical with the case to which the Senator
from Minnesota refers in Massachusetts, that of
the sailors who embark in the Navy from Massa-
chusetts, not being citizens of that State?
Mr. RICE. It is quite different. No one comes
from Massachusetts to Minnesota or to Pennsyl-
vania to enlist in the Army, but thousands every
year go to Massachusetts from the other States
to enlist in the Navy.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not see that that makes
a difference. The Senator will pardon me. It
seems to mc that as long as these enlistments take
place in Massachusetts, on Massachusetts soil,
they are essentially a part of the Massachusetts
oontiibution to the service of the country. Sen-
ators are fond of referring to the enlistments at
New Bedford. I believe i am notmistaken when
I suggest that the enlistments there, particularly
on the whaling voyages, were of a peculiar kind,
very oftenof persons under feigned names,of wild
youth, runaway boys. I take it that the enlist-
ments in the service of the country latterly have
been of a very different character, very much like
the enlistments in the Army of persons who select
that arm of the service, anxious to contribute
something under the impulse of duty to their coun-
try; and should not such persons be counted in
the muster roll of the State? I must say that
though I have listened with great attention to the
suggestions of both of the Senators who have op-
posed this proposition, I do not feel their force.
1 recognize the difficulties in the case, and why
aie those difficulties? Simply because tin; propo-
sition is new, because there is no preparation for
it; but one year, two years from now, there will
be no difficulty in carrying this proposition out,
because the proper arrangements will be made
at the Department of the Navy, if you please, for
reqnuiii£ the proper muster rolls.
Air. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that if he will add to his amend-
ment the words "as far as can be ascertained," it
will leinove the objection of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, I accept that prop-
osition.
M r. ANTHONY. Then if three fourths of the
men have enlisted in the Navy from iiu one knows
where, they will be thrown out; but if a man en-
lists from Massachusetts and it is known, and
M?i,:sachusei.ts proves it, lot her have the benefit
OS it.
Air. MORRILL. The difficulty su-v'stcd by
the Senatoi fi om Vei mailt, it seems to me, can be
obviated by am< ndmg the proposition of the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts, by saying "persons
contributed to the Navy resident m said Stales."
Mr. OOLLAMER. All the buys of Vermont
who wiit into the whaling business, and have
gone into tin* Navy, entered it in Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL. I think if poisons went from
Veimonl to I\'antuek' t and entered miotlie naval
s< rvice there, they belong to Vermont, neverthe-
less, and should be credited to Veimont; and as-
certaining 1 heii lesideuce is no more difficult than
if they enteted the Anny. Take my own State.
Maine is pretty latgeiy in advance in her recruits.
She h.is filled up the entire quota of men to the
military mm vice and a little more. She has also
conti ibutrd to the naval service between four and
five thousand of her own citizens. On any rule
of apportionment hereafter ought, not that to be
allowed ? Is it not just as impoi tan; to contubute
to the naval as to the military service? If strikes
me so. By our fioniiei position, uur people have
been taken into that sen o o. Certainly the States
in the We^t, not so situated, ean well afford to say
that in any apportionment hereafter for the ser-
vice of the e-am fry, whether military or naval, we
shall b< credited. I surest to tin-Senator fiom
Massachusetts to amend his amendment so as to
confine it to persons whose iesiden<"e is in the par-
ticul tr States to which they are to be credited.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think, with the pioposition
that I luiv«' accepted from iheSenatoi fiom Rhode
ibkmd, my amendment is sufficiently cleat, " so
far as the same is piactieabh ." If it is not prac-
ticable, then these men will not be credited to the
State; if it is practicable, if in any way it can be
ascertained that they came from the State, let the
State have credit. The Senator from Maine and
myself have the same object in view.
Mr. MORRILL. But that raises the difficulty
suggested by the Senator from Iowa, that a great
many of those persons who enlist in Massachu-
setts, for instance, and possibly in Maine, do not
belong to Massachusetts or Maine, but come from
Vermont or from the western States, and contrib-
ute apparently to the service from Massachusetts,
when m fact they come from other States.
Mr. SUMNER. But tlie Senator knows very
well that the same question occurred under the vol-
unteer enlistments. There were many persons
who came down, attracted perhaps by superior
bounty in one place, and enlisted we will say at
Boston rather than at Portsmouth.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no doubt that is true.
Mr. SUMNER. And those persons are cred-
ited to Massachusetts.
Mr. GRIMES. I am in the same category with
the Senators from Maine and Vermont m regard
to this matter; I happen to be the representative of
a State that hasfurnished agood deal more than its
quota, and all its men are three years men; and
hence, I am not going to be affectcd m any degree
by the adoption or non-adoption of this amend-
ment; but I want to have the law, whenever it shall
be passed, passed in such a shape that it can be car-
ried into execution, and with just as little trouble
as possible.
Mr. SUMNER. That will be done with my
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I have thought over this sub-
ject; it has been referred to the committee of which
l am a niembei; 1 have thought over it long and
diligently, and I have nev< r yet been able to dis-
cover any way in which this can be reaehed and
give satisfaction. For instance, suppose the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine should be
adopted, and we shook! say that the word " resi-
denr" .should be inserted; there is an issue made
up immediately between t he agents and represent-
atives of the Suite of Massachusetts, where the
men enlisted, and (he State of Maine, which seeks
to have them credited to her, end they are gmng
to enter into a controversy to have, the question
pro; terly decided whether this man or that man is
a resident of one State or another.
Mr MORRILL. The Senator will allow me
on that point; you raise precisely the same issue
when you undertake to determine tlie quota of
military service.
Mr. GRIMES. I leave the Senator from Ver-
mont to aricue his own amendment, i am only
talking now about something that I undeistand.
i am not certain that ! understand his amend-
ment. We at once, I say, then fore, raise an issue
between the lepresent ttives of these two States,
each of which is :inxi<>us to have a body of men
etedited to Ins State: for, inasmuch as they will
be eredit"d *<) one or the other, so fur do they de-
crease the amount of men to be drafted from that
State. While we are having all these issues de-
termine!, what becomes of your law? It stanus
inoperative. My friend, the chairman of the Com-
mutee on Military Allans, is anxious to have his
bill passed, so thai, we t.n:i noinjiiiavly take .id-
vantage of it; but we cannot take advantage of if
if the amendment of his colli, ague shall be adopted,
until you have first Sellh d all these questions
flowing oaf of enlistments in the naval service;
and in ordei to determine whether men m the
Navy are lesidents of a particular State or not,
you may put it in the power of a State to keep
the1 matter hung up betwe< n heaven and earth for
weeks and months, and thus render your lav: in-
operative.
Then, it is pioposcd by the Senator from Rbodt
Island, and I believe his amendment has been
adopted by the Senator fiom Massachusetts, to
mcorpoiate the woids "so fai as poutieable "
Who <s to determine that question? How far is
it practicable'1 It is practicable to ascertain, and
they may, by sending an agent to swear all of the
sailors on boaid the Minnesota and th« Wabash,
or in Commodore Wilkes's lie* r, ascertain in the
cooise of a twelvemonth the actual birthplace and
residence of these men; but in the mean time the
law is m abeyance and cannot be executed.
Now, £-ir, ha me state to you what will be the
injustice of this provision if it is carried into effect.
Last summer a great furore arose in my State to
be enlisted into the naval service. 1 had letter
after letter, some from men who had been sailors
when they had lived in the Atlantic States, others
who never had been, but got an idea into their
heads that it would be a pleasant service which
they would prefer to being soldiers on land; they
wanted to enlist, and there was no place where
they could enlist unless they went \o New York,
or should find the Michigan wherever she might
be on her cruise upon the lakes, or go to Cairo.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will give
way, I move that at half past four o'clock tjhe
Senate take a recess until seven o'clock this even-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I wrote, to the Secretary of the
Navy stating these facts, and telling him that, if
he would establish a recruiting station in the State
in which I live, he would secure some good sail-
ors and a great many excellent landsmen. He
declined to accede to the request which I made,
doubtless for excellent reasons, and a great many
of the men went to Cairo in the State of Illinois
and enlisted, and others I know personally went
to New "York. Now, under the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts as it is incorporated
into the amendment of the Senatof from Vermont,
those men from my State would all be credited to
the State of Illinois, or to the State of New York.
Hut it is enough for me to know that this ought
not to be adopted, inasmuch as it will suspend the
law which the Senator from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs, is
so anxious should immediately bo passed that it
may be speedily carried into execution. That can-
not b* done if we incorporate thisprovision into it,
without creating an infinite amount of perplexity
and troii!do, and the lapse of a great length of time.
Mr. SUMNER. Iknnwthat the Senator from
Iowa has given great attention to this question,
and we all justly defer to bun w henever he sp< uks
on this class of questions, as, indeed, qn anything
else that he dot s speak upon. But it so h ippt ns
that 1 was induced to give some attention to this
special question during the last session. Ibtlbve
it will be found that 1 introduced a proposition
with logard to it, I think, when the naval bill was
pending during the last session; and from that
time to this my attention has been more or loss
directed to it. I have had another inducement to
consider it, in the fact that at least ten thousand
persons are supposed to have been contributed by
my own State to this service; and now, m i^ply
to the suggestion of difficulties by the Sena,tor
fiom Iowa, ( have simply to present the . ssential
justice of the proposition. IIere are men con-
tiibuted by the State, more or less. It may bo
that the hst may seem large; it may be that there
will be many on the list who ought not to be there,
but then: on' many on the list who ought to be
there, who, in riality, were contributed by the
State; and I say that it is essentially ju. t that
those men should be credited to the State; and it
is no argument agonist that sagg-stio'i that it is
d'fficult to determine who actually belong to the
State. I admit the difficulty, and { say that the
Senator fiom Rhode Island, by his suggtsiion,
winch I have acocpted as a modification of my
amendment, completely removes ail tiouble on
that luad; that is, "so far as the same is pi icti-
eable." If it is not practicable, they will not be,
counted, and ifj r is practicable, they will be count-
ed. It seems to me that is a complete answer to
all that the Senator from Iowa said; and when he
adduced pailicular cases like that of the pel sons
from Iowa, who ho thinks wouU be wrongly on ti-
lted, it strikes me that an individual hardsmn like
that is riot a satisfactory argument agamst doing
the justice required by a State.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am opposed to
the amendment of the Senator from Missrohu-
s-'tts. W e have a nursery and a .school ofsoMiers
and officers sustained by the Govenim< at—West
Point; and it is a rule in relation to those who
graduate there, that they are to sei ve for a certain
munberof years m the Army of the United States.
In lelation to the seann n, esp< eiatly those who
belong to the fisheries of New England and tne
northeastern Scales, what has been the pola v of
the Government from its founuauon ? Tnere is
a large bounty paid to them upon this express
consideration—it is not expressed in the law, but
it has been expressed a thousand times m the
