THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. -C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1862.
New Series...,.No.'"4i "
without the consent of the people he assumed to
represent was trifling with the spirit of the Con-
stitution. As I stood then I stand to-day. It is
trifling with the spirit of the Constitution to say
that any portion of the State of Virginia which is
left lms consented in any way, in any form and
substance, to the dismemberment of the State.
Mr, BLAIR, of Virginia. Let me make one
more correction of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and it is this: the whole State of Virginia
was invited to send delegates to this convention
and to send delegates to the Legislature. I sup-
pose that the gentleman from Massachusetts will
not deny that the convention represented the sov-
ereign will of the loyal citizens of the State of Vir-
ginia. That convention—then representing the
loyal people of Vitginia—consented to the erec-
tion of this new State. I think that is a full an-
swer.
Mr. DAWES. A man is bound hand and foot,
he is incarcerated in prison, and yet he is com-
manded to come forth. That is the stone which
we gave to Virginia under the pretense of giving
her bread.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is very consistent in presenting in a
renewed shape thearguments which he addressed
to the House against the admission of the gentle-
man from the Accomac district [Mr. Segar] at
the last session—derision, sneering derision at the
body of patriotic men of the old Commonwealth
of'Virginia he had been delegated to represent.
He was met with reasons, and was answered upon
his reasons, and my friend from the Accomac dis-
trict is in his seat, ready, at the will of his imme-
diate constituents, to oppose this measure when
he shall obtain the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Every argument I addressed to
the House upon the admission of the gentleman
from Accomac to a seat in this body was sustained
by a majority of this House; and he was denied
admission at that time. He presented himself
here again, more nearly representing the body of
his constituents than he did before. When he
came here with only live hundred votes, I lifted
my voice against his admission, and the House
heeded it. When he returned with more votes,
I was instructed by the Committee of Elections
to submit the facts to the House. I abstained from
expressing any sentiments averse to his admis-
sion.
Mr. MAYNARD. The House has not forgot-
ten what occurred on those occasions. The gen-
tleman from Accomac came here with a certificate
of election from Governor Pierpont, and with a
very limited number of votes. His election was
held to be irregular and illegal, and he was denied
a seat. The same Governor issued another writ
of election, and an election was held. Upon pre-
senting himself with another certificate of election,
the gentleman was admitted, and he is now here,'
deriving his authority from the government at
Wheeling.
I agree with the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] upon that occasion,
with reference to the proceedings of that Gov-
ernor, when he said:
" Shall we undertake to oveirule the decision upon a mat-
ter committed to ium. alter he has given, in accoi dance with
the forms ot law, under the broad seal of the State, a cer-
tificate, under his authoiity, that this gentleman was rogu-
laily and "legally elected * * * * "It seems
to me that we thould ies«peet the seal of this, lenovated,
jegmierated State, and respect thi« election * *
* * 44 I say, therefore, that we ought to look with an
indulgent eye upon the proceeding o("States in a convul-
sion of revolution, whete a few loyal men are bravely
struggling to maintain the Union, and where the laws aie
all in conflict. In thu day of lebollion and of anarchy and
confusion, wo ^ee Vienna making an effort to sustain her
relations with this Covet ument. and to maintain the Union
and the Constitution. One ot the tirs-tactsof herrcsuriee-
tion from chaos was to order this election."
I concur now, as 1 did then, most heartily with
those views. As I previously remarked, we have
again and again, in every department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, recognized this gov-
ernment of Virginia. But further: if we never
had recognized it—if the question were up now
for the first time, I say we ought to recognize it.
4
Who are the people of Virginia that the Govern-
ment of the United States are to recognize ? Are
they the rebellious and traitorous many, or are
they the loyal and devoted few? Even put it
upon that ground, and we ought to recognize it.
But it is intimated by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that a majority of the Legislature which
voted for the separation of the State was composed
of people residing within the portion to be cut off.
Let me put a case: suppose it were proposed to di-
vide the State of Pennsylvania, and the part which
is sought to be erccted into a new State is the
western portion, and by chance a little the larger
portion,and so entitled to a majority of the mem-
bers in the Legislature; suppose that majority
should vote fora separation, while the representa-
tives from the other part of the State voted against
it: would that affect the constitutional question
whether the Legislatuie had given its consent?
The fact might affect our minds, as a question of
expediency, whether with such a consent as that
we ought to ratify the action and admit the partcut
off as a new State. And if gentlemen think there
is anything in the supposition that a majority of
the Legislature of Virginia which gave its assent
in this instance came from that portion of the
State proposed to be converted into a new State,
let him have the benefit of it as a question of
expediency, but not as a constitutional question.
1 do not propose to argue that pomtany further.
But it is said—and it was in view of that position
that 1 sought the floor to make a few remarks—
that Virginia.is out of the Union, that she is a
foreign country, in a state of war with us, and not
capable of giving any assent or consent in the
premises. That involves a very serious and im-
portant consideration. It involves no less than
the question of the right of secession, and the
legal eficct of what we call secession. Every se-
cessionist says that Virginia is out of the Union,
whcthei he comes from the State of Kansas, or
from the State of Arkansas. I am not a secession-
ist, and I hold that secession is illegal, and a nullity,
that of itself u amounts to simply nothing, and
that no act under it amounts to anything. It is
said that physical power may deprive us of any
one of our thirty-four States. Undoubtedly that
may b<' so. If, in a war with Great Britain, the
State of Maine should be taken from us by phys-
ical force, and we were obliged to make a treaty
of peace, upon the principle of uti possidetis, of
course the State of Maine is gone. Hut physical
power is one thing, constitutional and legal right
another. 1 hold that no act of a Legislature, or
of a convention, or of a popular vote, can sunder
the relation of any of our States to the present
Union, whatever may be done by foreign war or
domestic violence.
Take, for example, my own State, where the
Legislature, in secret session—by what majority
I do not know—passed an ordinance of separation
and submitted it to the people upon a canvass of
something more than three weeks, which resulted
in voting the State out of the Union; in the mid-
dle counties by an immense majority, in the west-
ern counties by a majority not so large; and
against an immense majority in my own portion
of the State; I ask whcthcrsuch action could have
any legal effect? Could it change either the gov-
ernment or the constitution of Tennessee, which
provided for its own amendment, but in another
wav; or change the relation of the State to the jj
United States? Did it change the relation of the \\
loyal men? If it did, and Tennessee became a <\
government foreign to the United States, then is j!
every citizen in it an alien enemy; then is every j
East Tcnnesseean who, by thousands, sent me !
here to represent them that 1 might be instrumental \
in procuring them assistance and giving them pro- i
tection, an alien enemy; and every one of them j
who is now fighting under your flag ought to be i
seized as prisoners of war, and held as such until i
exchanged. # !
Such a doctrine as that is monstrous. It is a doc- J
trine I did not suppose was entertained by any- :
body except the despots in Richmond and those j
in sympathy with them. Are we foreigners to the ;!
flag under which we were born? Are .we alien
enemies? Have we no rights as American citizens?
These are monstrosities by which men, through
their vagaries, and their wild, crude theories, hav.e
been carried jtway from reason and common sense.
Virginia is in the Union and has never been out of
it. Her Legislature, representing her loyal peo-
ple, has assented to a division by which this por-
tion of the State shall be admitted as another sis-
ter into the beautiful constellation which clusters
on our flag.
I admit that I have brought myself to consent to
vote for this measure with great reluctance. There
are memories clustering about the name of Vir-
ginia associated with our earliest recollections.
That proud old State has been one of the noblest
aud most honored of our Confederacy; and if I were
to treat of this matter as a sentimentalist,! would
say let her remain asshecamc from the great hands
that formed her; let her boundaries extend from
the tide-water to the wateisof the Ohio. But that
is a matter of sentiment, and this is no time to in-
dulge in sentimentality. I am aware of the dif-
ficulties under which her people have labored for
many long years. They are not unlike the diffi-
culties which have embarrassed my own portion
of my own State, the western portion of North
Carolina, and the northern portion of Georgia.
There dwell in those regions people whose hab-
its, whose modes of life, and whose pursuits are
unkind red and uncongenial with those of the neigh-
boring portions of the States. It so hnppens that
within the last few weeks I have paid a visit to
that portion of Virginia now proposed to be formed
into a new State. I found there in that mountain
region one of the loveliest portions of the United
States. I found there a people loyal and devoted
to your flag, desiring to be formed into a State by
themselves, with power to manage their own local
and domestic affairs. They spoke with feeling
and with deep entreaty upon this subject. They
said, as their Representatives have said here, that
if you bind them, or which is the same tiling,
keep them bound to the dead carcass that lies float-
ing many a rood on the eastern side of the Blue
Ridge, their fate for long, long years, if not for
generations and ages, is sealed. They begged
that they might be disenthralled, and that they
might be permitted to go forward in that career of
prosperity for which their habits and the peculiar
position of their country fit them. I cannot turn
a deaf car to their appeal. Nor do I regard it of
grave importance that in some future event, in the
reconstruction of this country and the suppres-
sion of this rebellion, and the reestabhshment of
the authority of our Government, the pride of old
Virginia may be wounded by seeing her mountain
sons set up as a rival Commonwealth. Virginia,
m common with the other rebellious regions, has
earned it all. She has only heiself to thank for
her fortune. As to standing here and inviting h$r
back, have we not been doing that? Have we not
been appealing to her and asking her to come back
ever since the 22d of July, 1861, when, on motion
of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
we passed a resolution declaring that it was the
purpose and the object of the prosecution of this
war to reestablish the authority of the Govern-
ment, and to bring back the States unimpaired,
and with their authority restored as it was?
What has been the icsponse that has come from
Virginia? It is no time to mince words with
treason or with traitors, whether individuals or
communities. We stand here, or we should stand
here, to do what is right, and to do justice with-
out reference to whether it may exactly gradate
with their sensibilities or with the nicer and finer
feelings of State pride. AH these States have bur-
dened themselves with a load which they will
carry for years,if carry it they do. Treason, re-
bellion, secession, war, have been brought upon
them by their own bad, bold men,and with them
be the consequences. We are not responsible for
them. I am far from thinking that it would be
just to the people of Western Virginia to keep
them waiting, with scarcely the form of protec-
tion, until such time as we may be able by the
