1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
advocacy of the passage of the law—thatthese fish-
eries constitute the best nursery of seamen; that
■when the country is involved in war they are
ready to enter the naval service and to give the
benefit of all their hardy experience upon the sea
upon consideration of having received this bounty.
I have felt the forcc of that argument. I have
voted for that bounty at least ten times, and al-
ways with great pleasure, and invariably upon
the argument and consideration that whenever
the country was involved in war the fishermen
who received annually the bounty of the Govern-
ment to the amount of four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars would be ready, just like the cadets
who graduate at West Point, to enter their coun-
try's service. Independent of the difficulty of
arriving at anything like certainty as to the num-
ber of seamen that enlist from the various States,
it seems to me that this consideration is entitled
to a great deal of weight, and that the amendment.
of the Senator from Massachusetts ought not to
be adopted.
Mr. COLLA.MER. If gentlemen observe the
drift of the amendment which I have proposed,
they will observe that no account is to be taken
of those who have enlisted in the Army at all. The
account is only to be taken of those whom the
States have furnished as volunteers and militia.
The Army and Navy enlist men or engage men
by the operation of the General Government. I
have not taken into account or inquired where
they come from. A great many men have enlisted
in the Army from my State during this war, large
numbers, and especially in the beginning. I do
"not ask any credit for those. The sailors have
never been furnished by the States either as vol-
unteers or militia. The volunteers and militia
have been furnished by State action. The rolls
are all in the States; the numbers can be ascer-
tained; and my proposition is only to equalize
this matter among the States themselves, in rela-
tion to this kind of service which the States fur-
nish. It seems to me this going into the Navy
would require us to go into the regular Army and
ascertain how many went from each State into
that arm of the service. I do not think it reason-
able; I think it impracticable, although it may be
true thatthere is some equity in it. So there would
be in regard to enlistments in the Army; but as
it is impracticable to get at them, and they do not
constitute, any of the right rule of apportionment
by the action of the States themselves, I have left
them entirely out.
Mr. HOWE. I am disposed to take issue with
the Senator from Massachusetts upon the very
proposition which he submits here; that is, the
essential justice of this amendment. He asserts
that, because he assumes that the State which fur-
nishes a man to the naval service of the United
States assumes as much of the burden of this war
as a State which furnishes men for the military
service. Now, I do not think that is correct. I
think the two services are situated very differ-
ently, and bear a very different relation to the pub-
lic service. I think that the naval service has
been almost always, and will be, eagerly sought
for. The pay is different; the prizes which are
awarded to the Navy make it an inducement for
enterprising men to seek that service. Besides
that, the exposure of a man in the naval service
seems to me to bear but very slight comparison
to the exposure of one in the military service.
The exposure in time of battle is less; and when
not engaged in battle, the exposure of a manner
in the naval service is no greater than in the mer-
chant service; whereas, the exposure of a soldier
in the Army is almost as great on the march as
when in battle; and when the account is taken,
if it ever is, of the sacrifice of life during this war,
the number of those who have fallen a prey to dis-
ease, I apprehend, will not fall very much short
of the number of those who have fallen in actual
battle.
Mr. FOSTER. Very many more have fallen
by disease.
Mr. HOWE. Very many more it is said have
fallen by disease, showing that the exposure of
the military service is vastly disproportioned to
that of the naval service. If this is so, the Senator
is certainly mistaken in asserting that (he State
which furnishes a man to the naval service as-
sumes as much of the burden of the war as one
who furnishes a man to the military service. If
the second section be amended so as to exempt
from the enumeration of those to be included in
the national forces all those who are engaged in
the naval service, it seems to me it furnishes all
the protection and does ample justice to the States
which claim to have furnished the Navy; and I
shall be inclined to vote against the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island, even if amended
as proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In pursuance
of the order of the Senate, a recess will now be
taken until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
r CHANGE OF NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 5*20) to change the name of the brig Con-
cord to that of the Rising Sun; and to authorize
the issuing of an American register to the British
colonial built steam vessel City of Toronto, and
to change her name to that of Frankfort,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.) It
requires unanimous consent. There being no ob-
jection, the bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the name of the brig Concord, owned
by B. Whitakcr and Thomas J. Hulbut, of De-
troit, be changed to that of the Rising Sun, and
that there be issued, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, a register for the brig
in accordance with the new name. It also pro-
vides for the issue of an American register to the
steam vessel City of Toronto, a British colonial
vessel, now owned by Ransom Gardner, of De-
troit, and for changing her name to Frankfort.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce what is the
necessity for changing the name of the vessel City
of Toronto ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state very briefly.
The vessel is a wreck lying in the Detroit river—a
Canadian-built ship. She has been sunk for some
twelve or eighteen months; one of our citizens is
rebuilding her, and he wishes to have an Ameri-
can register and to have her name changed.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as 1 have been able to
discover, almost all these attempts to change the
names of vessels arise from this condition of fact:
an old vessel is in some foreign service, or belongs
to some foreign citizen; she is worn out, dilapi-
dated, sunk, like this one, and then some one
attempts to rebuild her; or, like the Niagara, of
which we all have some knowledge, she has been
run in the service until shegets seventeen oreigh-
teen years old, and her* timbers are all rotten,
and then the owners come to Congress and ask
for a change of name, a change of marks, and a
change of heart, as my friend from N^w Harap-
shiie [Mr. Claric] suggests, and m that way the
public is really imposed upon. If this vessel is
to be rebuiltupon her old model, I think sheshould
bear the old name. I am opposed to passing any
bill of this description. I am perfectly content to
give a new register to any British vessel that shall
be bought by"an American citizen; but I am ut-
terly opposed, and the experience I have had and
the observation and inquiry I have been able to
make as a member of a committee of this body,
induce me to oppose the changing of any ship's
name.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce investigated this case, and were unanimous
in directing me to report the bill. It is a small
matter. I know the parties, and I know that this
is a meritorious case. A majority of the applica-
tions of this kind have been lejected by our com-
mittee; and they are not reported favorably upon
in any instance unless there is merit in the partic-
ular case.
The bill was passed.
MILITARY ROAD IN MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN.
Mr. HARDING. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 208) making1 a donation of lands to the
States of Wisconsin and Michigan, to aid them
in making a m.litary road and telegraph line in
said States.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to displace the business which
was pending when the Senate took a recess.
Mr. GRIMES, I objcct.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will not object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall he allowed
to take up the bill to which the Senator from Ore-
gon has alluded.
Mr. GRIMES. My colleague, I understand,
has charge of that bill, and he is not here.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill is reported with
the assent of the Senator's colleague, from his
committee.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well;, he will be here
shortly.
Mr. CLARK. This is a bill that was up last
session, and occasioned a good deal of debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will lead to no debate
now. It is all harmonized.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand that it is.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection b$-
ing made to the consideration of the bill, it cannot
be taken up without postponing the bill before the
Senate, which is the bill for the enrollment of the
national forces.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think there will be no
objection to passing the bill which the Senator
from Oregon has moved to take up.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan, that if it be as he says, that all hag
been harmonized, there will be no difficulty in
taking the bill up at almost any time. I desire to
make inquiry, because! know I opposed it at the
last session..
Mr. HARDING. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
r FRANCIS DAINESE.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Committee on
Claims be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 622) for the relief of
Francis Dainese, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
CREW OF THE NIGHTINGALE.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, and by unan-
imous consent, the biiJ (H. R.No. 478) for the re-
lief of certain of the crew of the ship Nightingale
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to pay to Charles Smith, John Lord,
Andrew Laird, William Smith, and Antonio
Franck, $37 50 each, and to Robert Brent ihitiy
dollars, in full for their services on board the ship
Nightingale in her late voyage from Liverpool to
the coast of Africa.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordeted to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONSCRIPTION LAW.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 511)
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and other purposes, the question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Sumner to the amendment of
Mr. Collamer.
The question being put, it was declared that
that amendment appeared to be rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for a division.
The Senators in the affirmative being requested
to rise, but one rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Dots the Sen-
ator ftom Massachusetts insist on a further di-
vision ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not want to divide (he
Senate so as to show that there is not a quorum
here. Perhaps it can be passed over infoinmlly
for the present.
Mr. DOOLJTTLE. If there isno amendment
pending, 1 desire 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two
amendments pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendments be
stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is to inseit at
the end of the twelfth section of the bill what will
be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That m aligning to the districts in each State the num-
ber of men to be fumtnhed tlK'iet'rom, the Pie-ident chail
take mm .leeount the number of \o!unteers ami mnitia lur-
m^hed Irom the State fm the ^eiviee of the L'mted Matt a
since the commencement ol the pi''>0111 rebellion, ami nilow
the same urcoidiug to the period of their M-rviee. and th«
same apportion equally among the dMiict-s in the rotate,
and make apportion meat of thedistuets of the several States
accordnigl> •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Summer] proposes to
