50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
force of our arms to compel the rest of tlie State
to obedience to our authority, and then to attach
to them those portiosts of the State that have been
loyal, arid whose sons have been fighting in our
ranks ever since the war began. I have no diffi-
culty, sir, upon that point. We talk of restoring
this Union. The first thing we have to do is to
suppress the men in arms—to put down the hos-
tile armies. Until that is done, we cannot hope
to succeed. In order to do that, we must, in my
opinion, make a wide, deep, and broad distinction
between loyal men and disloyal meiv Why, sir,
we have been prosecuting this war in such aman-
ner that it has been much safer, even within our
own lines, for a man to be a rebel and a traitor
than to be a loyal man. We have protected the
traitor most sedulously and carefully, in the hope
that by diligent nursing and assiduity we might
coax him back to his allegiance.
What is the result? That he is very safe under
the protection of our arms, and quite safe from
the rebel forces, but the loyal man is only safe so
long as our arms prevail, and when they are
obliged to withdraw he must become a fugitive
and a refugee. I am tired of this mode of waging
war. I am tired of the policy which would say
to these loyal,men in Western Virginia, these pa-
triots whose 3onshave poured out their blood like
water upon our battle-fields, " you must stand
aside until we have drawn into our-embrace the
rest of your State, and then we will turn you
over to them, and let them take care of you, and
give you the benefit of their tender mercies." I
am for the policy which says to them, " come
into the Union; take your position as one of the
sisterhood of States; we give you every privilege,
every guarantee, every right unimpaired, as you
had it before the war began." That is policy;
that is justice; that is right. And with these
views, 1 shall vote for the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose to discuss this
question briefly, 111 reply to some of the remarks
which have been made.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that we are to
vote upon this bill at some fixed hour to-morrow,
and I should like to occupy the floor for a few
minutes. I suppose the gentleman from Ohio de-
sires to close the debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield the gentleman a
portion of my time.
Mr. STEVENS. Without intending to occupy
a very great deal of the time of the House—be-
cause what little time I have is by the indulgence
of the gentleman from Ohio—I wish to give the
reasons for my vote. I have had great difficulty
in determining how I ought to vote upon this bill
as a question of policy, and I can hardly say that
I have yet made up my mind; but, as at present
advised, I shall vote for the admission of this
State, and I desire to state the grounds for so do-
ing. I do not desire to be understood as being de-
luded by the idea that we are admitting this State
in pursuance of any provisions of the Constitu-
tion. I find no such provision that justifies it,
and the argument in favor of the constitutionality
of it is one got up by those who either honestly
entertain, I think, an erroneous opinion, or who
desire to justify, by a forced construction, an act
which they have predetermined to do. By the
Constitution, a State may be divided by the con-
sent of the Legislature thereof, and by the con-
sent of Congress admitting the new State into the
Union.
Now, sir, it is but mockery, in my judgment, to
teli me that the Legislature of Virginia has ever
consented to this division. There are two hun-
dred thousand, out of a million and a quarter of
people, who have participated in this proceeding.
-They have held a convention, and they have
elected a Legislature in pursuance of a decree of
that convention. Before all this was done the
State had a regular organization, a constitution
under which that corporation acted. By a con-
vention of a large majority of the people of that
State, they changed their constitution and changed
their relations to the Federal Government from
that of one of its membeis to that of secession from
it. Now, I need not be told that that is treason. I
know it. And it is treason in all the individuals
who participated in it. But so far as the State
municipality or corporation was concerned, it was
a valid act, and governed the State. Our Govern-
ment does not act upon the State. The State, as
ft separate and distinct body, was the State of a
majority of the people of Virginia, whether rebel
or loyal, whether convicts or freemen. The ma-
jority of the people of Virginia was the State of
Virginia, although individualshadcommitted trea-
son.
Now, to say that the Legislature which called
this seceding convention was nottheLegislatureof
Virginia, is asserting that the Legislature chosen
by a vast majority of the people of a State is not
the Legislature of that State. That is a doctrine
which 1 can never assent to. I admit that the
Legislature were disloyal, but they were still the
disloyal and traitorous Legislaiuie of the State
of Virginia; and the State, as a mere State, was
bound by their acts. Not so individuals. They
are responsible to the General Government, and
are responsible whether the State decrees treason
or not. That being the Legislature of Virginia,
Governor Letcher, elected by a majority of votes
of the people, is the Governor of Virginia—a
traitor in rebellion, but a traitorous Governor t>f
atraitorous State. Now, then, how has thatState
ever given its consent to this division ? A highly
respectable but very small number of the citizens
of Virginia—the people of West Virginia—as-
sembled togethei, disapproved of the acts of the
State of Virginia, and with the utmost self-com-
placency called themselves Virginia. Now, is it
not ridiculous' Is not the very statement of the
facts a ludicrous thing to look upon—although a
very respectable gentleman, Governor Pierpont,
was elected by them Governor of Virginia? He
is a most excellent man, and I wish he were the
Governor elected by tiie whole people of Virginia.
The Stateof Virginia, therefore, has nevergiven
its consent to this separation of the State. I desire
to see it, and according to iny principles operating
at the present time, 1 can vote for its admission
withoutany compunctions of conscience, but with
some doubtabout the policy of it. My principles
are these: we know the fact that this and other
States have declared that they are no longer mem-
bers of this Union, and have made, not a mere
insurrection, but have raised and organized an
army and a power, which the Governments of
Europe have recognized as a belhgerentPower.
We ourselves, by what I consider a mostunforfu-
nate act, not well considered—declaring a block-
ade of their ports—have acknowledged them as a
Power. We cannot blockade our own ports. It
is an absurdity. We blockade an enemy's ports.
The very fact of declaring this blockade recognized
them as a belligerent Power,entitled to all the priv-
ileges and subject to all the rules of war, according
to the law of nations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether, if the city of Cincinnati, or any
other city in the Union, rebelled againstihe Gov-
ernment, it would not be lawful for the Govern-
ment to surround it and cut it off fiom all commu-
nication, mid whether the blockade does anything
more than that ?
Mr. STEVENS. Ah; but there is a mode of
doing it. Declaring a blockade is admitting the
power of those you blockade. We should have
repealed the law creatingthese ports of entry, and
thus stopped their intercourse with the world.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether Portugal
did not blockade her own ports?
Mr. STEVENS. She closed the ports of entry
by the repeal of the laws making them ports of
; entry, as all nations have a right to do. That is
I what is called closing the ports, as was done once
1 on the Black Sea.
j Mr. SHEFFIELD. I should like to know
I whether Spain did not blockade her colonial ports
! in South America?
I Mr. STEVENS. I never heard of it.
J Mr. SHEFFIELD. Perhaps the gentleman
will find out the fact.
Mr. STEVENS. After the colonies had be-
come aPower, Spain blockaded their ports, there-
by recognizing them as a Power.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the suggestion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to be, not that we might not blockade
these ports, but that it was not necessary to block-
ade them, and that we might have shut them up
without resorting to an international blockade, as
in the case of Russia and the Circassian ports.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask whether Russia and
this country did not unite m a protest against
Spain attempting to do that with her Spanish-
American colonies, and whether they did not say
that that was a sufficient reason for the recog-
nition of those rebellious colonies?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not recollect the fact,
but it may be so. If Spam recogniz< d the colo-
nies as a belligerent Power, she had a right to
blockade their ports. If we had repealed the laws
making these ports ports of entry, there would
have been no need of a blockade. No nation
would have had a right to send vessels there, even
though we might not have had a ship of war
within a hundred miles. That is,I think, where
we made a mistake.
Now, then, sir, these rebellious States being a
Power, by the acknowledgment of European na-
tions and of our own nation, subject and entitled
to belligerent rights, they become subject to all
the rules of war. 1 hold that the Cor.stiiution has
no longer the least effect upon them. _ It is idle
to tell me that the obligaiions of an instrument
are binding on one party while they are repudi-
ated by the other. It is one of the principles of
law universal, and of justice as universal, that ob-
ligations, personal or national, must, in order to
be binding, be mutual and be equally acknowl-
edged and admitted by all parties. Whenever
thatnutrality ceases to existitbinds neither party.
There is another principle just as universal; it is
this: when parties become belligerent, in the tech-
nical sense of the word, the war between them ab-
rogates all compacts, treaties, and constitutions
which may have existed between them before the
war commenced. If we go to war with England
to-day, all our treaty stipulations are :\t an end,
and none of them bind either of the pal ties. If
peace is restored, it does not restore any of the
obligations of either. There must be new treaties,
new obligations entered into, before eitlier of the
parties is bound.
Hence I hold that none of the States now in
rebellion are entitled to the protection of the
Constitution, and I am grieved when I hear those
high in authority sometimes talking of the con-
stitutional difficulties about enforcing measures
against this belligeient Power, and the next mo-
ment disiegarding every vestige and semblance of
the Constitution by acts which alone arearbitrary.
I hope I do not diifer with the Executive in the
views which I advocate. But I see the Executive
one day saying " you shall not take the property
of rebels to pay the debts which the rebels have
brought upon the northern States." Why? Be-
cause the Constitution is in the way. And the
next day I see him appointing a militai y governor
ofVirginia, a military governor of Tennessee, and
some other places. Where does he find anything
in the Constitution to warrant that ?
If he must look there alone for authoritv, then
all these acts are flagrant usurpations, deserving
the condemnation of the community. He must
agree with me or else his acts are as absurd as they
areunlawful; for 1 see him here and there ordering
elections for members of Congress wherever he
finds a little collection of three or four consecutive
plantations in the rebel States, 111 order that men
may be sent in here to control the proceedings of
this Congress, just as we sanctioned the election .
held by a few people at a little watering place at
Fortress Monroe, by which we have hoi p ihe very
respectable and estimable member from that local-
ity with us. It was upon the same principle.
Mr. ASHLEY. As I understand it, when the
new State is admitted, Governor Pieipont is to
move over into Alexandria and remain the Gov-
ernor of the old State of Virginia; while the two
Senators who are now in the other end of the
Capitol, from Virginia, will, by the same proceed-
ing, still remain the Senators from that State.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly. We shall have
four Senators, instead of two. I wish they would
bring Mason back instead of one of them.
[Laughter.]
But, sir, 1 understand that these proceedings all
take place, not under any pretense of legal or con-
stitutional right, but in virtue of the laws of war;
and by the laws of nations these laws are just
what we choose to make them, so that they are
not inconsistent with humanity. I say, then, that
we may admit West Virginia as a new State, not
by virtue of any provision of the Constitution, but
under our absolute power which the laws of war
give us in the circumstances in which we are
placed. I shall vote fortius bill upon that theory,
and upon that alone; fori will not nullify myself
