1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
be corrected, too, by striking out eighteen, and in-
sorting twenty-one.
Mr. COWAN. That can be made to conform.
Mr. McDOUGALL. But to leave out the third
section entirely and correct the first section will
bo better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to see of what
utility this amendment will be. It is proposed to
insert, after the words United States," in the
third section, the words "called into service un-
der this act," I believe. Now, sir, no person is
actually called into service under this act. The
act simply provides for the enrollment of a cer-
tain portion of the people of the United States for
military service; and for the purpose of making
a perfect enrollment they are divided into two
classes. The object is to effect the enrollment
of the able-bodied men of the country; and they
may be called into the service of the United States,
or may not be. It does not follow, because there
is an enrollment of the able-bodied men, that any
portion of them will be called into the service of
the United States. The enrollment is one thing,
and the calling into the service is another thing,
each distinct from the other. They arc, however,
to be called into the service of the United States by
classes; and I think this section makes a very just
and proper discrimination between the classes.
Possibly it may be improved; but it strikes me
that it cannot well be. It provides that the fir&t
class shall include all able-bodied men between the
ages of eighteen years and thirty years, and also
al! unmarried men between thirty years and forty-
five years. It is quite obvious what is intended by
this. It is, in the first place, when the first call
shall be made by the President for the conscripts,
to confine it to the unmarried portion of the com-
munity, so far as practicable. You will probably
find a very much larger proportion of unmarried
persons between the ages of eighteen and thirty
years, than between the ages of thirty and forty-
five years.
Mr. DAVIS. It will encourage matrimony.
Mr. HOWARD, That will do no harm to the
community. But the great object of the bill, as
Senators will see, is, in the first place, to call on
the unmarried portion of the men, and to permit
those who arc married and have families depend-
ent on them to remain at home until some further
exigency may justify the President in calling on
them. I see no injustice in this disciimination,
but on the other hand evident justice in it.
Mr. McDOUGx^LL. I do not deem this a ques-
tion of justice or injustice, but the question of
what is sound policy and our duty m the way of
legislation. The experience of the world, I think,
has shown that men do not acquire the hardiness
that fits them for severe campaigningatan age much
earlier than twenty-live, and that ft om twenty-live
to forty-five is the pei iod of life when men are best
able to stand the fatigues of war. This is a sim-
ple, practical fact, the result of the experience of
all military States, and, I think, is not disputed. I
do not beheve in bringing young men from eigh-
teen to twenty-one into the service, whose ten-
•donous substance has not grown into bone and
sinew. They should not be called upon to go
through the fjugnesof a hard campaign, to march
with heavy weights, twenty, or thirty, or forty
miles a day. They are unable to do it; and the
result is, as stated by the chairman of the commit-
tee, that the gi eat majority of them lie«'ck in camp
.shortly after a campaigning season has opened.
A man under our system at twenty-one has a
right to have a wife. Then he is supposed, after
a reasonable tune to have a family; and when he
is a young man he has a youngfamily,and when
he is an old man he has an older family. He is
fill the time under the burden and responsibility
of a family; but the more family he has the more
obligation he owes to the State, because he repie-
sents not <>niy himself but all those around him;
end J take it that d man is not less strong because
he is united to a wife, not legs strong becausp
being thus ho has children about him, and the
duty of citizenship devolves as heavily upon him
(is it does upon the young man who has not es-
tablished himself m the community.
I think if we are to have a conscription law we
should look at the broad country and inquire what
is the material fit for war, effective war. Now I
say experience has taught that it is the man be-
tween twenty-five and foity-five; and ihat the
young man, whose tendons have not acquired
strength or united with the muscle, is an unfit man
for service and lie does not know how to take care
of himself during the fatigues of campaign. If we
are to maintain the Government by armies, let us
have soldiers. The obligation is owed by every
man who enjoys the benefit of the Government,
whether he be a young man or an old man, and
I say pick out those who arc best capable of bear-
ing arms.
I am in favor of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Oregon, which is to strike out
this complication, this difference between classes.
The man of thirty-five, by every term, is abler to
stand a campaign than a man of thirty, much abler
to stand it than a man of twenty-five, infinitely
more so than a young man of eighteen. A man
at forty, although we call him then in the merid-
ian of life, can stand a seveie campaign better than
a man of twenty-live. Asa mere practical matter
of business, looking to the bringing out of the
forces of the State, if we are to do it by conscrip-
tion, I go for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon; and then, while [ will not
ask to exempt persons over twenty-one,! would
go for the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and let the boys stay at home
until their beards grow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the third section moved
by the Senator fiom New York.
Mr. KING. If, as I suppose is probable from
what I hear said about me, this section is to be
stricken out, it is not important whether the words
which I have proposed to insert should be inserted
or not; but the section certainly, in its language,
applies to all the forces of the United'States not
now m the military service. It is not designed
or desired that it should apply to any except those
which are enrolled under this act, and I would so
state in the bill, so that there should be no room
for misconstruction on that point. I modify my
amendment, so as simply to insert the words
" enrolled under this act."
Mr. NESMITIi. I have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from New York. Of
course it is not intended to divide the volunteers
into two classes. I am opposed to this provision
for two classes; and I am opposed to all compli-
cations of the bill. I am opposed to all refeicnce
to those who have been called upon heretofore to
render service either in the land or naval forces.
I think the time has arrived when, to use a com-
mon expression, we might as well wipe out and
commence anew; and the draft should be made
without reference to the number of troops which
have been furnished from the different States, and
without reference to anything that is past; but
with referenccsimply to the wants of thi;country.
This species of complications will tender the bill
inoperative, it nevet can be ascertained from the
War Department what number of troops have
been furnished by the different States, or by the
different sections of any particular State; and it
can, particulai ly, never be ascertained what men
have been furnished to the naval service; and there
is no leason in the nature of things why it should
be, or why it should be necessary; because the
men who have enlisted m the naval service have
not changed their avocation, it is not like the
case of a farmer who becomes a. soldier. Those
men weie already sailors: they abandoned the
merchant service and went on board your men-
of-war because the pay was better, it was no
change of occupation; nor was there anything
compulsory about it; neither wen* they citizens,
m most instances, of the States in which they
enlisted
Perhaps, however, this is out of place. As 1
stated before, 1 am opposed to all complications,
and desire to make the bill as plain and direct as
possible; and for that reason i have opposed most
of the amendments which have been suggested,
particularly that suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts, which would embrace within the
enumeration of troops already furnished the men
who have been furnished for the fleets and ships
of war.
I like the bill, sir, for the reason that it adopts,
as it^cites in its preamble, the principle that the
people of the United States owe to this Govern-
ment allegiance; that it is their duty to defend it.
I believe, with the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, that if we had resorted to a draft
in the first place, and the Government had selected!
its soldiers by lot, or had adopted some rule which
would determine who were the individual persons
that should render military service for the United
States in defense of its Government and its insti-
tutions, it would have been better and it would
have been fairer, and the trouble and the difficulty
of which we now complain in ascertaining the
numbers of troops furnished from cach State or
each district, would have been obviated.
I like the bill for its directness; 1 like it, too,
for the character of force it embodies. If the bill
is adopted there will be no trouble in raising an
army. The Senator from Pennsylvania com-
plained of the impropriety of raising unwilling
soldiers. I think that difficulty is rather imagin-
ary. The history of the world sho^s that un-
willing soldiers have made the most able and the
most expert soldiers. A man may hesitate about
going into the military service in defense of his
country; he may even resist it; and I do not know
that that would be entirely unpatriotic always;
but when such men get there, and are icduced to
military discipline by the forces which surround
them, they make the best soldiers in the world.
The Old Guard of Napoleon were conscripts, and
the troops of the southern confederacy with which
we are contending, are themselves conscripts, and
they make the best troops in the world. When
a man r< nounccs the idea of citizenship, the idea
of the Democratic doctrine that the masses shall
rule, and is submitted to the iron discipline of
war, he at once becomes a soldier, and learns, as
he should know, that in a situation of that kind
he is not to cultivate the opinions of the popular
masses; nor are the officers Tibove him amenable
to him, but he is to be held to a strict military
discipline. Without that sort of discipline no
Government in the world can succeed with its
armies. Your armies controlled by Democratic
sentiment are nothing but a mob, and never can
be otherwise.
" I am also in f<*vor of the bill because it makes
but few exemptions. I am opposed to this sec-
tion because it virtually exempts all persons be-
tween the ages of thirty and forty-five years. It
practically exempts them, because it provides for
the exhaustion of all the class preceding them be-
fore that cla&s can be drawn upon. There is no
reason why the man over thirty years of age or
under thirty years of age, who is married, should
be exempted. The man who is married and has
a wife and family to protect, has additional cause
to fight for the Government, to fight for the Union,
and to fight for the maintenance of the institutions
that protect him and his family, and will protect
the generations that are to come after him. As
the Senator from California has stated, the fact in
relation to the developmentof man is that ho does
not perhaps arrive at that maturity which makes
the good soldier and qualifies him to protect and
take care of himself before the age of twenty-five;
he does not arrive at perfection until forty, per-
haps forty-five; and I should be m favor of ex-
tending the provisions of this act to fifty, because
I believe there are many men over forty-five arid
under fifty who would make most excellent sol-
diers.
I am in favor of the bill, us I stated before, for
the few exemptions that are contained in it. It
does not exempt membeis of Congress; it do. s not
exempt State judicial or legislative officers. It is
true the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkin-
son] to-day—and so did the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr, Cowan]—made a great deal of
complaint at the adoption of that piovision of the
bill which included members of C'ongtess within
the draft. 1 am in favor of including them as I
am all other persons, and I do not think that the
Senatoi from Pennsylvania was- wananied in treat-
ing the thing as a hu^e joke, as a popular hum-
bug. I come within the class by my age which
would be liable to be drafted by tin'4 operation of
this bill, and I would be willing to render the ser-
vice or furnish a substitute or pay the money
compensation. The Senator fiotn Minnesota an-
nounced that the indignation of the people would
bo most furious, and they would use ca masse and
ignore any provision which allowed iheir Repre-
sentatives in Congress and their Senators to be
taken away from them and placed in the Army.
Now, sir, my opinion is that if the Army, the sol-
