990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
diers, the men with whom these members of Con- j
gross are to be brought in contact, do not complain
of the association, the people in their capacity as
a people will not say a single word about it. If
the soldiers can put up with the service and the
association and the contact of the members of
Congress, I am sure the people will submit to the
provision. [LauglUer.1
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
SenatorfiomOregonaquestion. I ask him whether
members of Congress who are elected under the
Constitution of the United States and required to
assemble here, can be drafted under any law of
Congress ?
Mr. NESMITH. I think they could be drafted
under the provisions of this bill. The question
as id compelling them to render the service which
is required under the provisions of the bill is an-
other question entirely. I think perhaps they
might pleatFtheir privilege; they might claim that
they were privileged from arrest, except for trea-
son, or for a breach of the public peace; and they
might on that plea be released from the service;
hut I do not think any member of Congress would
apply for it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon furthermore, what avail this
draft of members of Congress will be if it cannot
be unforced. For instance, if the Senator from
Oregon, who would be subject to the draft, being
under tiic ago of forty-five, should start ftom Or-
egon, as the law requires him to start for the cap-
ital, to attend the mooting of Congress on thu first
Monday of December, could any provost maishal
as is required here arrest him, even if he had been
drafted under this bill?
Mr. NESMITH. I think he could arrest me;
I have no doubt about that; but 1 think when any
court came to hear the facts of the case, if I
pleaded my piivilegeas a member of Congress,and
that I was on my way to auend the session of
Congress, 1 should be released. Whethei I would
do that or not, is u diffc.ent question entirely.
Mi. WILKINSON. I wish, in answer to the
Senator fi om Oiegon, to ask a single question: if
it i;< Hue, as he says, that members of Congiess
may be drafted and still the draft cannot be en-
forced, is it not simply a farce to attempt to draft
und< rthis bill men who, by the Constitution of the
United Stales, are designated for a particular office ?
Mr. N15SMITII. I will say to the Senator
ftom Minnesota, if he will jieunit me, that if any
member of Congress, or any Fedeial officer, or
St ite officer, is drafted under the piovisions of this
bill, it will be very easy for him to reduce himself
to citizenship by resigning his office. The com-
plaint which was made,as i understand,as to the
enforcement of the draft in the different States last
year was, that it was a draft of poor men, which [
ontiix ly exempted the rich, and those who held
office. A man win) holds office under the Federal
Government, or under the State organization, is
as able to defend the liberties and Constitution of
the country us the poor man, who works for his
daily bread; and if the member from Minnesota
should fall under the provisions of this draft—
which I hope he may not—and he compelled to
render military service to the United States, I think
ite is just as able to furnish a substitute, and I be-
lieve he would be as witling to do it or pay the
compensation in money, or render the peisonal
service, as the poor man who works on the firm
in Minnesota for a dollar a day. I say I think he
would; and 1 believe the piovision of thu bill in
that particular is right. I do not believe any Fed-
eral officer should be exempt. I believe that the
men who are drawing high salaries from the Gov-
ernment are more able to employ substitutes or j
render money compensation; but if they should
be chaffed, and taken into the Federal service, ;
from their history and the record some of thom i
have furnished—always excepting those present— I
I think they woulu either steal Richmond or cap- I
tine the southci n confedei.icy in forty-eight hours I
if it was left out ovei night. [Laughtu.j I
The amendment of Mr. Kintg to the third sec- |
lion was agreed to. i
Thr PR15S1DIXG OFFICER. Thu question !
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, i
to strike out the third section of the bill as j
amended. j
Air. POMEROY. I move to insertf< twenty" |
instead of *' < ig-hteen," in line five of the third sec- j
tion While it nmy be very well for the Govern- I
mcnt to accept men who volunteer as young as
eighteen, I think that it is unwise to draft men as
young as that, and to take them from our schools
and colleges before they have graduated. I think
it would be an act of great injustice to the young
men and not promotive of the public service.
Several Senators. Say twenty-one.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to modi-
fying it so as to say twenty-one, if desired.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
whether it is not advisable to let the vote be taken
on the amendment of the Senator from Oregon to
strike out this third section; and then, if it be
stricken out, we can amend the first section by in-
serting the age twenty-one instead of eighteen.
I should be in favor of both striking out the third
section and changing "eighteen" to " twenty-
one" in the first section.
Mr. POMEROY. I should have no objection
to that, but that I am opposed to striking out the
third section; for I think this section when per-
fected will be one of the best sections of the bill.
I believe there should be a division as provided
in this section, and I do not object at all to the
division spoken of by the Senator from Oregon.
It does, to be sure, offer a premium for the men
of the country to be married, but that is no unjust
provision. I think that is a premium that ought
to be offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on tjie amendment of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon
Jx> strike out the third section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall regret very much if
this section is stricken out. It isdeiived from the
French law, which divides all Frenchmen subject
to military duty into three classes; the first between
the ages of eighteen and twenty-five, the second
between twenty-five and thiity-five, the third be-
tween thirty-five and forty-five. This suction
confines the classes to two only; the first to in-
clude all between the ages of eighteen and thirty
and all unmarned persons under forty-five; the
second to include all others between the ages of
•thirty and forty-five. The principle of classifica-
tion is clearly defensible, and is founded upon
obvious reasons. Men who have passed the
meridian of life do not like to serve alongside of
young men. I have observed this among the
dialled men in Ohio. Every age has its own
tastes. It is better to divide those subject to duty
into classes according to age, even if you should
draft from both classes; the men serve better with
those of similar age, and are more contented. At
different ages men's habits, their associations,
their conversation, their sports, their amusements,
all are different; and therefore it is better to sep-
arate them into classes and ages.
It will probably be advisable to follow the sug-
gestion of the Senatorfrom Kansas, and not make
the age so young as eighteen. When we diaft
soldiers we ou^ht to draft the best, and the best
soldiers are between the a^es of twenty-one and
thirty, or, perhaps, thirty-five; and they are mostly
unmarried. In this country our young men gen-
erally marry not much before the period of twen-
ty-four or twenty-five. It is better to lake single
men, because they leave no wives behind them;
they leave no children behind them. If men are
unmarried between the ages of thirty-five and
forty-five, their tastes naturally assimilate with
those of younger men. I do not know that it makes
a man older to marry, but it changes his tastes
and habits very much; and it is a premium to
marriage to make those between thirty-five and
forty-five who are nnmamed occupy the first
ranks for conscription. I think it would be wise,
therefore, to preserve at least the principles of the
third section by dividing all subject to military
duty into two or more classes. If the ages of
twenty-one and thirty-five would be better, take
them. We have to select as soldiers so many per-
sons fiom the aggregate of our citizens; and in
doing- so we must not only select those best able
to render physical service, but we must regard the
duties of fathers, brothers, and husbands.
1 do believe if this law had been passed at the
beginning of this rebellion the rebellion would
now be over, if the people of the United Spates
show the spirit and determination to enforce this
law fairly and rigorously this war is no longer
of doubtful result. If you place the organized
power of twenty million people in the hands of
the President of the United States and he cannot
subdue this rebellion with that physical force I
shall be very much mistaken. I have no doubt
of it whatever.
The vital importance of this measure should
make us very careful in its details. In framing
it we ought to obseive those rules and regulations
and those principles which, in other military na-
tions, have been found necessary to give efficiency
to the force. Of these we have several examples
in the laws of military nations; in the laws of
France, of Prussia, of Austria, and of all the States
that resort to conscription. They select the young
men first, and then the middle-aged men, and af-
terwards the old men. We can modify these laws
so as to conform to the spirit of our institutions
and to the habits of our people. The proper age for
conscription varies with climate. In the northern
States men do not matuie at the age of eighteen.
They are mostly at school or college at that age.
Very few of them graduate or go into active life
before they are twenty-one. In the southern States
men mature younger, from the effect of climate or
some physical law. But if you take persons be-
tween the ages of twenty-one and thirty-five as
the soldiers first to be drawn from,and then after-
wards fall back upon the other class, I think you
will adopt a correct principle, and make a most
efficient and valuable army.
Mr. COWAN. I am very fearful that my hon-
orable fi lend from Ohio is confounding two things
which are entirely different. I agree with him that
if we were about to establish, by permanent law,
a standing army in this country, it would be per-
fectly rigfht thatf we should take as our models
France, Prussia, and Austria, if you please; that
we should divide our people into classes, and re-
qune them to serve in their order. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, as I understand the object of this bill, it is
entirely different. It does not contemplate estab-
lishing a standing army, and keeping it on foot
in all time, as is the case in those countries from
whom the piecedents are drawn; but it is for the
purpose of enrolling the whole people, so that the
militia may be drawn from them oy lot in order
to serve our present emergency; and I presume,
sir, that when this waris overall these people will
be discharged and go back to their homes, and that
we shall have no standing army on foot, as they
have in Europe. If we are to have, then the sys-
tem upon which it is to be put on foot and kept
on foot will have to be infinitely more elaborate
than this bill.
1 am opposed to classes; and why? Because it
proposes to take men between the ages of twen-
ty-one and thirty years, and to draw the whole
army from this class. I think that is unfair. I
think all the people should be enrolled, as we have
been accustomed to do when we desired to call out
the militia; that is, all people between the ages of
twenty-one and forty-five who are able-bodied;
and fiom them there should be drawn, not as is
the case in Fiance or Prussia, according to their
class or order, but by lot; or, in other words, that a
draft should be made out of them, and that those
who are drawn should serve for a certain term,
say not exceeding one year. I believe there is no •
time fixed m this bill which would limit the Pres-
ident; but I suppose that will be done, and it ought
to be done, hereafter. I am opposed to providing
now for a standing army.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Before the motion is
put to strikeout the third section, I move to strike
out all after the woid " duty," in the eighth line.
The I^ltESlDING OFFICER. The wordspro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read the words to be stricken out,
as follows:
And they i-hall not in any district foe called into the service
of the l 'nited State* until tho&e of the first eiass shall be
called.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to State that
my experience is that the enthusiasm of an army
is found in the soldier under twenty. Although
he may not bear the fatigues of a campaign as
wel! as an older man, it is "the most important cle-
ment in a volunteer corps. They furnish the enthu-
siasm, the pluck, the adventure of a volunteer
army. If you call for volunteers for a dangerous
expedition, nine out of ten of them wih be under
twenty years old—young men. If the words be
stricken out as I propose, it will leave the Presi-
