54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
legal argument is altogether against the admis-
sion of the new State. The lucid showing of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
and the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin,]
and my venerable and venerated friend from Ken-^
tucky, and the gentleman from Massachusetts,
whom I believe I have had the good fortune to
make a, friend of, despite of some early prejudices
towards me, and for whom I take this occasion to
say I cherish the most cordial esteem, has placed
the illegality of thismeasureonafoundation which
can no more be shaken than the everlasting hills.
What I propose to do is to show that, from the
facts of the case, and on considerations entirely
independent of, and separate from, questions of
constitutional propriety, this bill ought not to re-
ceive the sanction of this body.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Will my colleague
at this point allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SEGAR. I have very little time, and I
must decline to yield.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I understand that
the gentleman declines to answer any questions.
I suppose my colleague does not deny the consti-
tutionality of the government at Wheeling ?
Mr. SEGAR. No, sir; I admit the constitu-
tionality and legality ofthatgovernment. I could
toot be upon this floor ifl were to deny it. I shall
take very good care to guard my consistency. I
have done it pretty well all my life, nor do 1 mean
to sacrifice it no w; for I may well hold the Wheel-
ing government to be a legal government, and yet
deny it the power to divide the State of Virginia.
It may not have given a legitimate consent to the
division, and that is precisely what I propose to
show, and by that showing to establish the uncon-
stitutionality of the measure proposed in this bill.
I believe it is a fundamental maxim in our po-
litical system, dating as far back as the Declara-
tion of Independence, that all government derives
its authority from the consent of the governed; in
other words, from that source of all legitimate
power, the sovereign people. Now, sir, this bill
is in the very teeth, m direct subversion of this
cardinal principle of republican, popular govern-
ment. This newState proposition has not received
the sanction of the people upon whom the new gov-
ernment is to operate. Casting out of the calcula-
tion the whole rebel portion ofthe State, I propose
to show that the consent of the northwestern peo-
ple themselves has notbeen had. It is not founded
on the consent oven of the people whoso govern-
ment it is claimed to be, and who are to come
within its rule. There has notbeen that general,
close representation of the people included within
the limits of the proposed new State, which isab-
solutely necessary to impart legality to all gov-
ernments among us. A very largo portion of the
people there were never represented at all, neither
m the Legislature which called the convention that
ordered a vote to be taken on the newState ques-
tion, nor in the Wheeling Legislature, nor in the
convention that framed the constitution of the pro-
posed new State.
Let us look to the facts. I find that of the forty-
eight counties to compose the new State, eleven
never had even the semblanceof representation—
had no part, nor lot, nor say in the establishment
of the new government. The counties of Logan,
Calhoun, Nicholas, McDowell, Mercer, Monroe,
Greenbrier, Pocahontas, Webster, Morgan, and
Pendleton, eleven in number, and containing a
white population of 55,400, were never represent-
ed anywhere—neither in Legislature nor conven-
tion—in reference to the formation of a new State.
They never cast a vote either for the election of a
member of the Wheeling Legislature, or for the
convention that submitted the question ofthe new
State to the people, or for the convention that
framed the constitution of the new State. Are
these eleven counties, with these 35,400 white free-
men, to be brought within the operation of a gov-
ernment which they had no part in making, and to
which they have in no way consented?
Again, sir; the three counties of Hampshire,
Hardy, and Morgan, holding a population of
27,509, were never represented eitherin the House
of Delegates, or either of the conventions. Is it
to be supposed that the people of these counties
cared aught for the new government, when they
would send representatives neither to the Legisla-
ture nor to the conventions acting in the premises?
Are they to be bound by this new government
under such circumstances ? Is it their government ?
Can it be said that they have given their consent
to it through their Legislature, as the Constitu-
tion prescribes, when they were not represented
there at all ?
Still another test of the absence of popular,
constitutional consent. On comparing the ordi-
nary vote of thecounties composing the new State
with the vote actually cast for the adoption of the
new State constitution, it will be found that there
was not only not a majority of the people, but a
singularly small proportion of them that voted for
the new State, and its new constitution. I submit
a few particulars. In 1860, the county of Brax-
ton cast a vote, in the presidential election, of 754;
in 1862, on the vote for the new constitution, only
83, just one ninth of the population; Barbour
county, 1,269 in 1860, and 459 in 1862; Boone,
566 in 1860, to 78 in 18G2; Hampshire, 1,915 in
I860, to 157 in 1862; Hardy, 1,479 in 1860, to 192
in 1862; Pendleton, 929 in 1860, to 116 in 1862;
and this proportion runs through the vote gener-
ally. Is the new government to be inaugurated
by such a vote as this ?
Yet, again; ten counties, to wit, Logan, Fay-
ette, Wyoming, Mason, Mercer, Monroe, Web-
ster, Morgan, McDowell, and Pocahontas, with
a population of 50,000, did not casta vote on the
new State and constitution. Are these counties
and their 50,000 population to be bound by a gov-
ernment about which they never cast a vote ? Is
it their government? Have they consented to it?
Is this the way of carrying out the great and re-
vered principle of civil liberty, that taxation and
representation are to go together?
And I find the aggregate vote of the counties
composing the new State to be, ordinarily, 48,000;
while on the new State question, the entire vote
was only 19,000! Does a government formed
under such circumstances merit the name of gov-
ernment ? Is it a government founded on the con-
sent of the governed ? Is the'constitutional requi-
sition of the consent of the Legislature complied
with? Sir, I mean no disrespect to my worthy
and esteemed colleagues from the northwest, who
are sustaining this measure with so much ability
and zeal; but I must say that my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was not far from the
truth when he said that civil organizations, raised
under such imperfect representation, were the
merest mockery of the Constitution and of the
elective franchise.
But the most remarkable anomaly involved in
the measure embraced in this bill, I have yet to
state. There are three counties embraced within
the limits of the now State: those of Greenbrier,
Mercer, and Monroe, with a population of30,000,
which are far removed from the neighborhood of
the northwest, and which are totally dissimilar in
interest. They are on the line ofthe great Central
Virginia railroad, running through the very heart
of Virginia, and extending from the Ohio river to
the sea-ports of Virginia. Their fortunes are in-
dissolubly connected with the fortunes of Eastern
and Central Virginia. You can no more separate
their interests from those of tide-water and mid-
dle Virginia, than you can divide the interests of
man and wife. Their market is in the cities of
tide-water Virginia; that of the people of the new
State is, by nature and by nature's God, in the
city of Baltimore.
Now, sir, upon none of the laws of the human
constitution or the instincts of mortal nature, can
the people of these three counties assimilate with
their fellow-citizens of the northwest. Nor is
there one man or woman, in my opinion, in these
three counties, who desires to be connected with
this West Virginia government. I know some-
thing of the sentiment of the people of these coun-
ties, and on this personal knowledge of the senti-
ments of their people, 1 am prepared to assert—
and 1 do not think my colleagues who spoke on
yesterday in favor of the bill will controvert the
opinion—that the people there are as unanimous
against tins measure as any people ever were or
ever can be against any measure whatsoever. If
there is any portion of the people of Virginia who
revolt and sicken at the idea of a dismemberment
of their State, it is the people of these three coun-
ties of Greenbrier, Monroe, and Mercer. Their
material interests, as I have already said, force
them to eschew the new State. All the instincts
of men forbid their union with West Virginia.
Now, sir, will you, under these circumstances,
compel these people to go over to this new, and,
to them, foreign government? Will you,against
their consent, without any semblance of consent,
driv& them from the government which is grap-
pled to them by the strong hooks of interest and
affection, to one which they absolutely abhor' Is
this constitutional consent? Is this freedom ? Is
this an untrammeled exercise of the great privi-
lege of the elective franchise ? Is this a free, pure,
ballot-box ? Sir, is it not tyranny, tyranny of the
deepest dye? Is it not oppression, oppression
so intolerable that all freemen, all the Hampdens,
and Sidneys and Russells and Pyms of our land,
may rightly rise up in the majesty and might of
freemen, and resist it at the cannon's mouth and
the bayonet's point? Suppose the WestVirginia
tax gatherer goes to Greenbrier, or Monroe, or
Mercer; why, sir, he will be as certainly resisted
as day is bright and night is dark. Suppose you
send them a judge or a governor, not of their own
choosing, but one chosen for them by the people
ofthe farther northwest: they will not recognize
his authority. They will resist, and resist unto
death. What then? Why, the military power
of the new State is invoked, and its armies are
marched to the distant and unsympathizing local-
ities, to do what? To force upon an unwilling peo-
ple a government they despise, and which they
had no hand in making. And so this new State
government will ingraft upon itself, inevitably
and essentially, the principle of rebellion, will sow
for itself, and those who shall live under it, the
seeds of discord, disquiet, revolution, which will
ripen into a bounteous harvest of war, blood, and
desolation. You will have,on a small scale, pre-
cisely what you have now on a larger one in this
wicked and bloody rebellion, which has ruptured
all the sweet social ties, and filled the land with
mourning and sorrow and ruin. Mr. Speaker,
shall we, by passing this bill, do all this ?
Sir, we talk of the tyranny of the mother coun-
try to her colonies in our revolutionary struggle,
in attempting to fix upon them taxation without
representation. It was tyranny, vile and wicked
tyranny-; tyranny that roused freemen in their
might to put their Saxon heel upon the tyrant's
neck; that threw the tea overboard in Boston
harbor, and led, finally, to the emancipation of a
great people. Now, I undertake to say that this
tyranny of the mother country to her colonies
was no worse than the tyranny embodied in this
bill, of cramming down the throats of a people a
government they do not want, and never assented
to, and never can agree to.
There is another great principle which is in-
fringed by the provisions of this bill—a principle
olderthan the Constitution—a principle more jeal-
ously guarded by all the States of this great Con-
federacy than perhaps any other one whatsoever
—a principle which may be styled the great keeper
of the national peace and quiet, and can never be
departed from without risk—a principle that has
challenged the willingassent of all parties that ever
existed in the country—a principle dear to Demo-
crats, Whigs, Federalists, and Republicans alike,
and that was in clear and distinct terms embod-
ied in the Chicago platform itself—and the prin-
ciple is, that the States shall have the exclusive
regulation of their own domestic affairs, and the
formation for themselves of their own domestic in-
stitutions, free from all congressional interference.
This bill casts to the winds this invaluable prin-
ciple of our glorious institutions. It dictates to the
people composing this new State the character and
the kind of their domestic institutions.
Though the Constitution requires but one con-
dition preliminary to the admission of a newState,
to wit, a republican form of government, this bill
prescribes to the people of northwest Virginia
other conditions. It dictates a constitution to
this people—makes a constitution for them. It
says to them," unless you frame your domestic
institutions as Congress directs, and adopt a par-
ticular form of labor, you shall not come into the
Union." And the fact is, sir, that this bill calls
for a different constitution from that which was
: j adopted by the people of the northwest, and which
j has been brought here to this body as the con-
stitution which they preferred and desired. The
people of the new State made a pro-slavery con-
!' stitution. They retained their former status as
ij to slavery, retaining the slaves now within their
Ij territory, and imposing no further restriction upon
h slavery than a prohibition upon the coming in of
!! slaves and free negroes for permanent residence.
