1862'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOM.
M
Now, sir, this bill requires the people of the new-
State to strike out the provision which they had
thought fit to adopt in reference to slavery, and
•to substitute one for fast emancipation. In other
words, the people made a pro-slavery constitution,
but Congress has virtually made for them an anti-
slavery one. Is not this a flagrant departure from
the great doctrine that the States may of right
manage their domestic affairs, and fashion their
social institutions as they choosef I put no stress
upon the fact that this interference with the prin-
ciple had reference to the subject of slavery. In
God's name, if the people of the new State desire
to abolish slavery let them do it, for it is their
right; but I object to the principle of intervention
against the choice of the people actually expressed.
Itis a dangerous infraction of a salutary principle.
I come now to the bearing of this measure upon
the interests of my own constituents. Pass this
bill, and what becomes of them ? Where are we
to go ? The counties of Accomac and Northamp-
ton have already adopted the Wheeling govern-
ment. Their whole civil organization is under it.
They are getting along with it very well. They
are in far better condition than their rebel fellow-
citizens of their State who have dared to commit
the great sin of breaking up the noblest, best Gov-
ernment ever vouchsafed to man. They are quietly
pursuing their usual avocations, and are satisfied.
Cut them off from the Wheeling government, and
are they not left without a government at all?
Are they not shoved out to sea without rudder or
compass? Will this House do this? Their little
bark is wafted gently and safely: will you wreck
it on the shoals of anarchy? I ask again, what
is to become of the people of the eastern shore, who
have adopted, and of those of York and Elizabeth
City counties, who propose shortly to adopt, the
Wheeling government?
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. We will take care
of them.
Mr. SEGAR. You take care of them ! How ?
Why, you have taken very good care to put it out
of your power to take care of us by banishing us
from your jurisdiction. You take care of us by
turning us over to the rebel government of John
Letcher, a traitor Governor of a traitor State,
which is doing all it can to subvert the noblest of
human institutions, and to run up the flag of the
confederate States of America in the place of the
glorious stars and stripes, and which would pro-
vide halters for our necks instead of a kind and pa-
rental government. We want no such care taken
of us. We would keep no such company.
And what is to become of all* that portion of
Virginia outside of West Virginia? Where wiil
it go ? Like m.y district, it must be set adrift, with
no latitude or departure—with no government at
all—turned over to rebel authorities, and to an-
archy and lawlessness. As the matter now stands,
we have a loyal government for the whole of Vir-
ginia. Francis 13. Pierpont is the Governor of
the whole State, and the code of Virginia is in
force throughout her domain. But pass this new
State bill, and we have a government only for the
northwest portion. All the lest is left to rebellion
or revolution, or, what is worse, to no law at ail.
See, then, how much better it is to let things re-
main as they are. In the one case, we have a gov-
ernmentfor the whole State; in the other, only for
about a fifth of it.
Again: I am unwilling to give up West Vir-
ginia to a separate organization, because it is a
Union nucleus, around which agreat-Union mass
will ultimately gather. The ball has been rolling,
and is still gathering as it rolls. In its course it
has already gathered up the counties of Accomac
and Northampton and Alexandria; and if its mo-
tion be not impeded, it will conglobe the whole of
Virginia loyalty. This county and that county
and still another county, as loyalty is developed
and protected, will be conglomerated with the
Union nucleus at Wheeling. Destroy the nu-
cleus and the Union gathering .is dissipated, and
rebellion, having all the nuclei, is triumphant.
' And hence it is, Mr. Speaker, that I cannot
gratify my northwestern colleagues by support-
ing this bill. Sir, I would if I could. Their con-
stituents have, I must confess, much equity on
their side. I sympathize with them sincerely and
deeply. I know they suffer under many hard-
ships, but that is the common doom of all whom
this naughty rebellion has rcached. And I admiie
and reverence that thrice-glorious loyalty of fhr-irs,
which has stood firm for the stars and stripes
when the valley, and the southwest, and the south-
side, and the tide-water region, would rear the
treason-stained banner of the confederate States
of America. I love them for that devotion to the
Union of our godlike fathers; but, after all, I can-
not go with them for this new State of West Vir-
ginia, because I know and feei that it will be the
worst of policies, and operate as a premium on
embitterment and rebellion.. A gentleman from
Ohio suggested on yesterday, by way of comfort
to those who would be ousted of all civil govern-
ment by the admission of the new State, that so
soon as the admission of the State should be con-
summated, Governor Pierpont would remove to
Alexandria, and there set up as Governor of all
that part of Virginia not included in the State of
West Virginia, and that in this way the whole
State would be provided with civil administration.
I felt comforted for a while, Mr. Speaker, by the
information given by the gentleman from Ohio;
but, on reflection, I came to the conclusion that
there must be some mistake in the matter, for the
idea is scarcely to be tolerated that any man should
claim to be Governor of a people who had never
cast a solitary vote for him for the station. And
so my hope in this direction was destined to be
early dashed. Sir, from what has been shadowed
forth in this debate, I fear I see, and not in very
dim light either, the hard fate that awaits us—ter-
ritorial condition and government, or, that which
ever has an awful squinting at despotism* a pure
military government.
Mr. Speaker, I had other points to make in this
argument, which want of time compels me to omit,
more especially as 1 desire in courtesy to extend
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] full
opportunity to be heard on this question.
I will only add, in conclusion, thatmy constit-
uents, one and all, shudder at the idea of the dis-
memberment of the Old Dominion—t( the good old
mother of us all," as we used to say in prouder
and bettertimes. Theyclingfondly to those bright
memories that cluster, as was so eloquently said
on yesterday,around the land ofWashington,and
Henry, and Richard Henry Lee, and Madison,
and Jeffeison, and Marshall. They want an un-
severed State, and, I trust, an unsevercd Union.
They want back old Virginia as she has been for
more than two hundred years, one, undivided and
indivisible. And their humble Representative on
this floor concurs fully with them.
Sir, above all things, I crave the restoration of
the Union; next to that, I pray that my native
State may be restored to that glorious Union un-
dismembered. Sir, I love my State still. I can-
not give her up. I deplore and condemn her sui-
cidal and treasonable act of secession. She is next,
in infatuation and folly, to the thrice-wicked State
of South Carolina. She rushed headlong into ruin
at the bidding of a State that is, in ali respects,
vastly her inferior, and whom she ought to have
led, instead of following and being dragged. But
I love her still. She is my natal land, though I
am an exile from her. Beneath her sod my fore-
fathers sleep, and there the bonus of my dead chil-
dren rest. I could not hate her if I would. The
instincts which Almighty God has implanted in
every breast, savage or civilized, bind me to her;
and so, " with all her faults, I love her still." And
trusting that she may yet see the error of her ways,
and that when this rebellion shall have closed
she will return to her loyalty, I do pray God that
this bitter cup of division may be allowed to pass
from us forever. In God's name, Mr. Speaker,
in the name of all that is just and generous and
noble, spare us this heavy and humiliating blow.
Let us remain one and united, so that when the
Union shall be reconstructed, we shall be once j
more a band of brothers. Let there not be two !
Virginias. Do not, Mr. Speaker, oh ! do not break !
up the rich cluster of glorious memories andasso- J
ciations that gather over the name and history of j j
this ancient and once glorious and noble Common- ji
wealth. j1
" Woodman, s-paie that tree j1
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor. [j
Mr, SHEFFIELD. I ask the gentleman from ;j
Ohio to allow me a few minutes of his time. j,
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to the gentle- j|
man for a few minutes. jj
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I should notintrurlp my- ;!
selfupon the courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio, >\
or upon the attention of the House, if I had not, ii
after but a hasty consideration of this question:,
to be called upon to form a judgment and to cast'
a vote in its final decision. I frankly sa/ to the
House, that I am not content that the vote f arri'
to give shall rest upon the argument or upon kfyf'3
implication from the argument which 'was .'Ad-
dressed to the House by the gentleman from Perm- *
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] when the billwa^ yes-
terday under consideration. If I understood the,
gentleman aright, he conceded that this bill was"
in contravention of the Constitution of the United
States, and contended that the Constitution wu«
abrogated so far as it was applicable to the Stafeji
which are in rebellion against the Government,
but that by the war powers which Congress pos-
sessed—whence derived he did not tell us—Con-
gress has the power to admit this new State,and
to do any other act in the rebellious States with-
out reference to any constitutional limitations, f
had supposed that this Congress, this Govern-
ment, was limited in the exercise of their powers
by the Constitution which brought both Congress
and the Government into existence; that incident
to the Government when thus created was the
right of eminent domain, which is the right of
self-preservation; and international law embracing
the laws of war, that those laws of war were based
upon the consent of nations; that Congress could
not modify or change any international law with-
out the consent of the other nations; that it was
the duty of the Executive to execute every war
according to the laws of war, and within the limits
of those laws, without the interference or inter-
vention of Congress. I had supposed that the
Government derived the power to coerce this re-
bellion into submission from the Constitution, and
that it was bound to do it in accordance with the
Constitution. I had supposed that the Constitu-
tion and laws were now in force in the rebellious
States, and that the Constitution and laws were
still obligatory upon their people as they were ob-
ligatory before the rebellion; that although for the
present the process of law was there suspended
m its operation, and interfered with by force, the
people of themselves were still bound to obey the
laws of this Government, and that they violated
their obligations to do so when they ceased to obey
them; and these are my views sti41; and I respect-
fully beg leave to differ from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in the view he takes of the matter.
So much for an incidental issue in approaching
the question before the House. I agree with the
venerable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] that it is necessary to obtain the consent
of the State within which the new State is sought
to be organized, and also to obtain the consent of
Congress before we may lawfully admit this new-
State into the Union. That is undoubtedly.the
law. And I agree further with the same venera-
ble gentleman, that in this, as in other laws pro-
posed to be passed by us, we should be* governed
by principle; that we should stand by the funda-
mental authority upon which this Government is
based. But have we, in fact, obtained the consent
of this State, from which it is proposed to take
this new State, to the passage of this act? There
was a State of Virginia organized under her an-
cient constitution as one of the original .States of
this Union. Butin the course of events a portion
of the people of that Commonwealth undertook
to throw off their allegiance to this Government—
an allegiance binding upon all the people of that
State, and from which they had no power right-
fully to absolve themselves. While that was be-
ing done another portion of her people resolved
that they would stand by their obligations to the
Constitution and the Union; that they would keep
faith with this Federal Government; that they
would remain true to their allegiance, though
others proved false to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. To do this they were compelled to
organize another government—not according to
the ancient forms of constitution, it is true, but
they organized a government as a few colonists,
who were twice exiled, organized the government
of Rhode Island, which was based upon the then
novel doctrines of absolute popular sovereignty
and entire liberty in all matters of religious con-
cernment; the people of Western Virginia organ-
ized a government as a necessity arising out of the
then existing state of things. Then there were
two Legislatures in the State of Viiginia; there
were two Governors, there. The question was
presented to this Government which it would rec-
