THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P, O.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1863.
New Series No. €31
other points of contact and quarrel with foreign
Powers, and especially of putting our Government
in the humiliation of attempting to force some of
the subjects of foreign Powers to do military duty
and then being driven from the position, 1 think
it is best for Congress to forbear altogether to en-
deavor to force them to perform military duty.
We all recollect the case of Martin Koszta in
the bay of Smyrna. It was nothing but a bril-
liant, dazzling piece of national demagogism. It
had no true principle in it; and there was no le-
gitimate or true reason for the interposition of
Commodore Ingraham in his ease on the ground
upon which it was put. I admit that it was an
outrage on the part of the Austrian Government
to force him from one ship upon their own cruiser,
and our commodore interfered, not as a matter of
national right, not as a matter of national duty,
as I always maintained, but simply to prevent a
lawless act of inhumanity upon the part of a for-
eign Government upon one of its people who owed
it allegiance yet; just as I would have justified him
for interfering upon the high seas to prevent an
act of piracy from being perpetrated upon any
neutral traveler.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to my colleague
if there is not some doubt about the propriety of
the iastclause of this amendment, which provides
that every such person after being honorably dis-
charged shall become a citizen of the United States.
Is there not some doubt whether that is not in con-
flict with the provision of the Constitution which
authorizes Congress to establish a uniform rule
of naturalization? We have already passed one
law on that subject, and this would be another
and not uniform with that. With regard to the
first part of the amendment, I will say, now that
1 am up, that I really hope it will be adopted. 1
cannot conceive that there is any rational doubt
of the authority of the Government to require the
assistance of this class of persons, since they come
here, and under the sanction of our laws claim all
the privileges of citizens. When a question shall
arise as to whether their allegiance is due to this
Government or to the Government of which they
were formerly subjects, when that Government
shall reclaim their services, it may be that they
will have the privilege of returning to that Gov-
ernment. This does not act as a ne exeat; it does
not prevent them from leaving the United States
whenever they please; but if they happen to be
drafted and be put in the military service of the
United States before their services are claimed by
the foreign Government, then of course they can-
not be discharged from that service cxceptby the
action of our Government upon the demand of the j
foreign Government. I think it will be time enough |
to settle what are the international rights or wrongs j
in this matter when the question arises between ,
two nations. We are now dealing with residents ;
of our own country, exercising all the rights of
citizens under the sanction of our laws, and i think
we need not be disturbed about these other ques-
tions. The operation of the rule, if we adopt that
submitted to us by the Senator from Michigan,
is just this: we provide by law for putting all our
own citizens, native born, into the Army, and ail
those of foreign birth who have abjured all alle-
giance to foreign Governments and have become,
under the naturalization laws of this country, cit-
izens: all these classes we put into the Army, and
we leave the doubtful characters at home to do
the voting and carry on the civil administration
of the Government; an alternative that I should
not like.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In reply to the question of
my colleague, I will say to him that I do not see
anything in tins provision that is not uniform. It
is a uniform rule. It applies to everybody alike.
Everybody of this class of persons who enters ij
the Army and serves one year, on beins; honor- |j
ably discharged, is to be by the law made a citizen.
I will say to my colleague further, that in an act
that was passed last year, or two years ago, I am
not certain which, there is a provision precisely
to the same effect, that those who serve in Uuj
Army become citizens by so doing. •
63
One word further in reply to what gentlemen
have said m relation to the propriety of thisamend-
ment. Thenaturalizationlawitselfrequiresaman,
after having taken the oath to abjure his allegiance,
and having resided five years in the United States,
to bring forward two citizens, by whom he is to
prove that he is a man of good moral character,
and attached to the Constitution of the United
States. Now, I want to know what any one of
these honorable gentlemen would do if, sitting as
a judge on the bench, and a man who had declared
his intentions to become a citizen, who had exer-
cised the rights of citizenship, who had voted as
a citizen for President, members of Congress,
Governors, and judges, came in to be naturalized
afterwards, and brought two witnesses into court
to prove that he was attached to the Constitution
of the United States, and the fact should appear
that he had pleaded his exemption and was not
willing to fight for the Government and for his
rights, would he be naturalized ? I do not know
what others would do; but if 1 were sitting as a
judge on the bench, he would never receive his
record of naturalization with my consent. It is
not proving that he is a good citizen and attached
to the Constitution of the United States.
But, sir, 1 shall not dwell upon this. The ques-
tion was very ably argued by the honorable Sen-
ator from California on the question of the public
law and the right of every Government to control
those persons who are within its territory not
merely as denizens, as mere temporary residents,
but those who are there animo manendi, for that is
the test of real residence and citizenship; not those
who simply come here to do business andgoaway,
but those who come here to locate, to go on our
homesteads on the public domain, which they
may do by declaring their intentions, who come
to plant themselves here as A mericans, and enjoy
all the rights of Americans. I say these peisons
ought to be called upon when the country needs
their strength to defend the rights of citizenship,
to defend the Constitution, to show that they^are
of good moral character and attached to the Con-
stitution of the United States. Those who vote
should fizht.
Mr. HOWE. Iscareelylike to move an amend-
ment to this amendment,a.ml yetl think the ques-
tion which I suggested to my colleague is more
serious than he seems toappiehend. I donotdis-
pute but that this rule in itself is a uniform rule;
and so would that be a uniform rule which de-
clared that a person who should act as a sutler in
the Army for five years should thereby be made
a citizen of the United States. 1 hat would be a
uniform rule; but the question is this: the Consti-
'tution conferred upon tilts Legislature the power
to establish a uniform rule upon the subject of
naturalization; we have enacted a law upon our
statute-book; have we not exeicised the power,
and exhausted it; and if we make a dozen differ-
ent laws providing for making citizens of a dozen
different classes, can we say that we have done
notlung more than establish a uniform rule ? Have
we not on the contrary got a dozen rules, each
uniform in itself, but the whole not uniform, lack-
ing uniformity ?
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is any question
on the part of Senators on that branch of the
i amendment, I do not deem it material to the great
1 purpose I have in view, and 1 do not care whether
I that portion remains or does not. It was intended
i as a kind of bonm to those who would go in and
1 serve, piowdtng that when honorably discharged
| they should be regarded as having earned their
' citizenship without going through any other for-
mality. 1 have no objection, if it is the pleasure
of the Senate, that that patt of the amendmontbe
left off, and the other stand.
The PRESI DING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the ch nr.) Does the Senator so modify it ?
' Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to so modify
! it at tiie suggestion of my colleague.
! Mr. HO WA RD. If 1 understand the effect of
! the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
I correctly, it will be this: that where an unnatu-
i-ralized foreigner has been drafted and forced into
the service of the United States, compelled to bear
arms for a certain length of time, he shall also be;
forced and compelled to become a citizen of
United States b.y virtue of the statute. I ask the
Senator whether this is such a mode of natural-
ization as is contemplated in the Constitution?
Mr. WILKINSON. He has stricken out the
latter part.
Mr. HOWARD. How will it read then with;
that stricken out? Let Os hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as it has been modified.
The Secretary read the amendmentas modified,
to insert at the end of section one the following
words:
And tliat persons of foreign birth who shall have declared
on oath ttieir intention to become citizens, and who shall
have exercised the privileges of citizens by voting at any1
Federal, State, or municipal election within the United
States, shall be deemed to be citizens within the meaning
of this act. 1
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that.
"Shall be deemed to be citizens within the meaning
of this act;" that is to say, they shall be deemed to
be liable to perform military duty under the drafts
That is the sole effect of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the effect of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate upon this question. I loob
upon it, however, as one of very great moment,
considering the great number of unnaturalized
foreigners in this country, and the liability we are
under of being involved with foreign nations.^ I
do not believe that we have the power to subject
this class of persons to military duty, because,
after all that has been said or can be said on this
subject, they are not citizens of the United Slates*
and do not owe allegiance to us, until they have
become formally naturalized as the laws of tM
United States provide. Why, therefore, enter
upon a scheme which is doubtful as to its consti-
tutionality? Why hazard anything at such a
moment as this? -Why pass any law to irritate
foreign nations, or to get up additional questions,
to multiply issues between this Government and
foreign Governments, and thus place in the hands
of foreign Governments the means of picking a
quarrel with us at this moment, when we have our
hands full?
It seems to me, to say nothing of its unconsti-
tutionality, the very fact that it may lead to r&-
sults such as these should be a sufficient reason
for abstaining from all such legislation. ^ I agrefe
entirely with the Senator from Wisconsin that a
foreigner who is located among us, and who has
declared his intention to become a citizen of tba
United States, and holds land here, and enjoys
the protection of our laws, ought in justice and ia
good morals to be willing to render his assistance
m defending the Government that thus protects
him. I think it is a moral duty. If he feels it to
be such, he cei tainly has the right at any moment
to volunteer his services and go into the ranks;
but if he does not feel that to be his duly, why
undertake to compel him by the use of this doubt-
ful power? It strikes me we had better abstain
from it. We have citizens enough in the United
States to fight our battles, without asking the aid
of foreigners either here or elsewhere.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will move it in the Sunatev
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Ill the twen-
tieth line of the second section, after the word
" mother," I move to add, "and dependent on him
for support." That, was the intention. It will then
read: ,
4 The only brother of children not twelve years of age,
havinc neither tat'ncr nor mother, and dependent upon him
foi support.
Mr. HOWE. "Dependent upon his labor,
you mean r , .
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The ooject
is, that a brother who has small brothers and sis-
ters under twelve years of age who are dependent
upon him for support sliail be exempt.
Mr. HOWE. You do not mean, if he has a for-
tune out of which he supports-his brothers ana
sisters, that therefore he shall be exempt.
