1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
event, I can hardly conceive why you should ex-
empt anybody. Why exempt the courts of jus-
tice? Why exempt the judges ? Why exempt
the civil magistrates? Why exempt anybody?
If anybody is to be exempt, X submit, both from
the avocation and from the fact of disqualification
for the service, the clergy, above all others, should
be exempt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have but one word to
say. I shall vote against the exemption for the
simple reason that I think it will be an imputation
upon the clergymen of my section of the country
which they would resent.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator froxp
Massachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota also proposed an amendment to
this section. Docs he withdraw that amendment?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole; and the question will
be put on all the amendments together, except
those which may he designated for a separate vote.
Mr. KING. I ask that they be read, and then
any exception can betaken that any one chooses.
The PR ESI DING OFFICER. Thcfirstamend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole will be
read.
The Secretary read it; in section one, line four,
to strike out "eighteen" and insert " twenty;"
so that it will read:
Thai all able-bodied male citizens of the United States,
between the ages of twenty and forty-five years, except as
hereinafter provided, are hereby declared to con*utute the
national forces, 2cc.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a separate vote on that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be ex-
cepted.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the vote now.
Mr. KING. I think we had better take the vote
on tins amendment now, because it occurs in sev-
eral places in the bill, andasingle vote will determ-
ine the whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m this amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I desiie to say just one word on
this amendment. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs stated to us very
forcibly and very clearly the objects we ought to
keep in view; and consistently with those objects,
it seems to me we ought to reject this amendment.
Persons between eighteen, nineteen, and twenty
years of age, I believe, are as capable of doing mil-
itary duty, as willing to do military duty, and can
be spared from their respective families as readily
to do military duty, as any class we can name.
My own observation has been that a large portion
of the volunteers have been of those ages. Many
of them have been younger. I know several young
men have gone from my own neighborhood less
than seventeen years of age, and several not eigh-
teen years of age. It was said here that it was a
hardship to take young men out of school, young
men who had not completed their course in col-
lege, and put them into the Army. If it be a hard-
ship—and it is a hardship to take any man and put
him into the military service of the United States
in a war like this—the hardship of taking those
men who have parents able to send them to school
and to college is not to be compared, not to be
mentioned at the same time that we are discussing
other hardships which this very bill, as it stands,
imposes upon other classes of the community. I
believe more fault will he found with that exemp-
tion, if we make it, than any exemption in the hill.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have no doubt the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs is nght, and
that the amendment ought to be concurred in.
Any one who will take the pains to visit the hos-
pitals will find that one half of those in the hos-
pitals are boys between eighteen and twenty-one
years of age. I have this statement from the Sur-
geon Genera!, that if you were to authorize him
to discharge all the boys under twenty-one years
of age, it would depopulate the hospitals; and I
have no doubt of the truth of the statement.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee I
of the Whole, was in section two, line five, to
strike out the word " morally," and to insert the
word u or" between the words " physical" and
" mental."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a mere
verbal amendment, and will be concurred in, if
ther%be no objection.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was in section two, line five, after
the word "service," to strike out the following
words:
Such as are necessary fin the protection and support of
aged or infirm parents, orphans, or helpless children, and
such unfortunate persons as are not provided for by the pub-
iic : Provided, That in each case above mentioned, the cir-
cumstances of the party claiming exemption be such that
he cannot render an equivalent for personal service.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was in section two, line fifteen, to
strike out the word " him," and insert the words
"his labor;" so that the clause will read, " the
only son of aged or infirm parent or parents de-
pendent upon his labor for support."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a
verbal amendment, and will be concurred in if
there be no objection.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was in section two, line fourteen, after
the word "Government," to insert the words
"Governors and the members of the judiciary of
the several States, justices of the peace not in-
cluded."
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will not concur
in that amendment. I do not sec why we should
exempt those oJHcers when we refuse to exempt
other officers of just as much importance, if not
more, to the civil service of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must ask for a division
on that. I cannot think of the idea of drafting into
the service of the United States the Governors of
the States.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. WILKINSON called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we are about to take
a vote by yeas and nays on this amendment, and |[
it involves a principle which is applicable also ji
to members of Congress, I mustsay I cannot con- j|
cur in the idea that any popularity is to be given i:
to this bill by holding out to the people that the !j
civil government is to be subordinated tothcrmli- \\
tary authority. 1 do not think it will deceive any- i
body. I think, so far from it, it will be looked 1
upon rather as a bill which holds out false colors
to the people to mislead and deceive; and I was
really surprised at the vote to subject to a draft
members of Congress. Docs anybody suppose
that the people have not intelligence enough to
j understand this thing: Does anybody suppose
i the people of this country in a time of war are for i
I destroying the civil government of the country; \
| that the Governois of their States arc to be drafted !
! in the sei vice of the United States; that the mem- j
I bers of their Legislatures and the judges of their
i courts are also to be drafted, and that the whole
State government is to be broken down; that the
; Congress of the United States is to be destroyed ?
; It is said they will not be drafted. Then do you
mean nothing by it? Are you in earnest about
this bill? Do you mean to break up your Gov-
ernment, except so far as it shall be commanded
by generals in the field ? Does this Congress pos-
sess all the wisdom of future time; and shall we ji
legislate so that no other Congress shall ever have \\
toconvene? Are the present members of the Legis- j]
latures in the respective States possessed of the I]
wisdom to legislate for them, so that there shall ji
be no necessity for future Legislatures? it
Why, sir, it is to me the most extraordinary jj
pioposttion that lever heard. I think that not I;
only the judges of the courts and the Governors :l
of the States, but the members of the State Legis- \ i
laturcs and the members of Congress should be ji
exempted. We should talk plainly to the people, jj
and nut attempt to mislead anybody by the idea ij
that we are going into the military service of the !'
country. It will deceive no one. There is too
much intelligence in this country to be misled by
any such false hope that is held out. So far from
rendering the bill popular, it will make it odious
to cvery"int(,iligeiit community in this lurid. I
trust that we shall add to the Governors and the
members of the judiciary of the respective States,
the members of the Legislatures of the respective
States also. It will not be too late* I presume, fb
make that' motion after we have voted upofttMe
Governors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It «l then be
in order.
Mr. SUMNER. It should be ddne beforfe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose we cdn add this
amendment after it is adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. orte
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And will hfe open
amendment afterwards. After this amendment
has been concurred in, it will still be in order* to
exempt from the operation of the bill the members
of the respective Slate Legislatures, as i under-
stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
Mr. HOWE. I will only say, my principal
object was to make the bill uniform. The Senate,
by a very decided vote, had refused to exempt
members of Congress. Since that vote was taken,
a very important amendment lias been incorpo-
rated in the bill, which enables any one who nas
been drafted to be exempt from that draft by the
payment of the sum of §250; and that removes
the only scruple I had to refusing to exempt mem-
bers of Congress.
Now, let me say to the Senator fiom Illinois,
that I do not propose to break up any civil gov-
ernment in the world by including these officers
in tho draft. I trs not necessary. If any man who
fills a civil office finds himself drafted under the
provisions of this bill, if he or his constituents Gr
his employers think that his service in a civil
capacity is more important than in a military ca-
pacity, it is very easy for the $250 to be paid; and
that will avoid all the necessity of breaking up
any Government. I will say here thaU,herc has
not been a single call for volunteers made sine©
the commencement of this war, according to mjr
mathematics, but what has cost me more than
$250; and I should be very willing to stand a draft
every few months if I could compromise by the .
payment of that sum.
Mr. DIXON. This bill must at any rate, at the
best, give in some portions of the country great
dissatisfaction. Nothing can tend more to prevent
that dissatisfaction than that all classes should be
subject to the draft. I differentirely from theSeto—
ator from Illinois on this subject. I believe it is
highly important that every class, the highest in
the Government, the Legislature, both State and
national, the judges, all should be subject to this
draft. We know perfectly well that the objection
which he raises that the civil governments will be
destroyed has no force. Suppose the Governor
of a State, for example, should be drafted. We
know that the Governor of a State can easily fur-
nish a substitute. The same is true of a member
of the Legislature. The bill provides that he can
furnish a substitute." The judges of the courts can
do the same. But, sir, let it appear to that class
of the people who cannot furnish substitutes, the
poor men, that not themselves alone, butalso the
rich are liable to this draft, and you will find, as
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs has said, that the moral effect of it will be
highly favorable. For that reason, I trust that all
classes will be subject to the draft.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator from Connecti-
cut allow me to ask him one question ? It is this:
will he include in this draft those who are exempt
by the State constitutions?
Mr. DIXON. Certainly.
Mr. RICE.v Then you will have a revolution
in the North.
Mr. DIXON. I think the act of Congress gov-
erns that question and controls the constitutions
of the States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If a revuluiion in the
North is to come, then I say let it come. There
has been much talk about this revolution in the
North.
Now, in regard to this conscription questional
will say for my self that I regretted much,when thrs
war was first organized, that the conscription rule
did not obtain. I went from the extreme east to
the extreme west of the loyal States. I found some
districts where some bold leaders brought out all
the young men and sent them or led them to the?
field. In other districts—and they ware the most
numerous—the people made no movement toward
the maintenance of the war; there were whol«
towns and cities, I may say, whfere'no^fre voluft-
