60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
San Francisco, in the State of California, and the
Amoor river, in eastern Asia, reported it with an
amendment. *
NOTICE OE A BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
facilitate the medical examination of invalid sol-
diers in the hospitals and convalescent camps in
the Army.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWNING, in pursuance of previous
notice,asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 411) to amend " An act to establish a terri-
torial governmentfor Utah,"approved September
9,1850, and to facilitate the administration of jus-
tice in said Territory; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 365) providing for the admission of
the State of West Virginia into the Union.
A bill (No. 405) authorizing the holding of a
special session for the United States district court
of the district of Indiana.
A bill (No. 406) for the relief of the owners of
the French brig Jules et Marie.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 581) concerning judgments in cer-
tain suits brought by the United States, with an
amendment, in which the concurrencc of the Sen-
ate was requested.
.The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No, 587) to provide for the imprison-
ment of persons convicted of crime by the crim-
inal court of the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 598) to adjust appropriations here-
tofore made for the civil service of the Navy De-
partment to the present organization of that De-
partment.
A bill (No. 599) relating to the validity of deeds
of public squares and lots in the City of Wash-
ington.
DUTIES ON SURAT COTTON.
. Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of admitting Surat cotton to
be imported into the United States from poits this side of
the Cape of Good Hope, upon the payment of the same
duties as if such cotton were imported from ports beyond
the Cape of Good Hope.
. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, this matter
is of so much importance that I desire to make a
brief explanation of the resolution, and I hope I
shall have the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to the very few remarks I
shall make.
The eighth section of the act 14 increasing tem-
porarily the duties on imports and for other pur-
poses" provides for a duty of one half cent a
pound on cotton imported. Section fourteen of the
same act provides as follows:
u That from and after the dav and year aforesaid, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid on all goods, wares, and
merchandise of the growth or piodncc of countries beyond
the Cape of Good Ilope, when imported from places this
side of the Cape of Good Hope, a duty of ten per cent, ad
valorem, and in addition t<  the duties imposed on any such
articles ulien imported directly from the piaee or places of
their growth or pioduction."
The object of this general provision was a very
wise one—to encourage the direct importation
from beyond the Cape of Good Hope, instead of
importing the products of that region from Liver-
pool and London, which are naturally great depots
of eastern pioducts, and to give to the American
shipping the whole voyage, instead of dividing the
freight with the English. At the time when the
tariff was enacted Surat cotton could not be called
an article of commerce with us. The superior fiber
furnished by tfie neater cotton fields of the Ameri-
can States supplied the wants of (his country; and
our manufacturers were not tempted by the iow
price of Surats to pay the heavy freight, enhanced
by the imperfect manner in which that descrip-
tion of cotton was prepared, and which compelled
them to pay for nearly one pound of waste for
every two pounds of cotton. The provision in
the tariff was intended for other kinds of mer-
chandise. It is only in an exceptional condition
of the cotton trade, like the present, that this pro-
vision can have any effect upon it. That effect
is now most unfavorable, both upon the manufac-
turer and upon the revenue.
The remoteness of India, and the uncertainty
of the present enormous prices of cotton, prevent
the direct importation. Neither manufacturers nor
shippers will venture to pay the current rates, at
the risk of the changes that may take place in
the long interval before the cotton can be ordered
from here and brought from India. But there is
a market for India cotton, readily accessible and
capable of affording us important relief. Surat
cotton is 44 in stock" in Liverpool at every season
of the year, and can be ordered by steamer and
brought over in sailing vessels in thirty or forty
days. This time involves no undue risk or delay,
and our manufacturers could be supplied from that
port without materially varying from the Man-
chester rule of keeping but one month's supply
on hand. But to send to India and wait six or ten
months for a supply from that part of the world
would involve a risk which not even the present
unexampled dearth of cotton would justify.
But in importing India cotton from Liverpool,
we are met with the discriminating duty of ten per
cent., which at the present prices is piactically six
cents a pound. Thisdescription of cotton is worth
in Liverpool about forty cents; about one third of
it is wasted in cleaning. So that on each pound
of cotton, when manufactured into cloth, the duty
amounts to six cents, in addition to the duty on
the direct importation from India. The result is
that Surat cotton is not imported. India is too
distant, and the duty from Liverpool is too great.
The object of encouragement to our own shipping
is therefore defeated; the object of revenue, if that
entered into the calculation in the enacting the
provision, is equally defeated.
Let us now look at the effect which this pro-
vision has upon our own manufacturers and see
how it cuts them off from competition with the
English in working India cotton. The calcula-
tion which I give is supplied to me by one of the
most intelligent manufacturers of Rhode Island.
A common medium cloth, one yard wide, four
yards to the pound, one hundred to one hundred
and forty threads to the inch, and made of India
cotton, is now worth twenty cents a yard. The
specific duty on this cloth, when imported under
the new tariff law, is two and a half cents a yard,
being just equal to an ad valorem duty of twelve
and a half per cent. The duty on the India cot-
ton in this cloth, to be paid by manufacturers im-
porting this cotton from England,amounts, as be-
fore shown, to six cents per pound. This is just
one and a half cents a yard, which is equal to
seven and a half per cent, ad valorem duty on the
cloth. Deducting this seven and a half per cent,
duty on the imported cotton, from the twelve and
a half per cent, duty on the imported cloth, the
protection of our new tariff is reduced to just five
per cent, ad valorem.
But from this five per cent, protection, there
must be further deducted the excise duty of three
per cent., from which the English manufacturer's
goods imported into the United States arc exempt,
leaving to the American manufacturer, under the
combined operation of the tariff and excise laws,
only two per cent, ad valorem protection.
It cannot be objected to this conclusion, that the
India cotton is of very limited application to ordi-
nary cotton fabncs, unless mixed with other and
longer-stapled cottons. For the cotton of India
is well adapted to the greater portion of cotton
goods made in New England, and commonly called
"domestics"—in short, to all those brown and
bleached cotton goods, known to our tariff as
heavier than four square yards to the pound, and,
containing both warp and weft, less than one hun-
dred and forty threads to the square inch. For
making such goods it is in common use in Eng-
land, and con be, as it has been, successfully
worked here by itself, unmixed with any longer
staple whatever.
Such is the practical operation of the present
tariff on all the ordinary styles of cotton goods for
which India cotton is available, and now almost
exclusively used by the English manufacturer.
Notwithstanding the outcry against it, there never
was a time when the tariff on foreign cotton goods
was so low. Nothing but the exceptional state of
foreign exchange prevents a practical free trade
in this class of merchandise. And with this ten per
cent, duty on Surat cotton, and the three per cent,
excise, from which all English goods arc free,
aided by the cheaper labor of England, it is not sur-
prising that American manufacturers see English
cotton goods imported extensively by our Gov-
ernment, as well as by individuals, at rates which
preclude any practical competition on their part.
I cannot doubt that upon an examination of the
; subject, Congress will relieve the manufacturing
; interest from a fruitless impost,which cuts off their
jonly supply of foreign cotton, while it yields no
j revenue; which enhances the price of cotton goods
I to the consumer without giving any additional
j profit to the producer. Not only does it yield no
i revenue, but it actually prevents revenue; for
j every pound of cotton woven into cloth yields,
j at present prices, about three cents directly under
| the excise law, and perhaps as much more inva-
' rious indirect ways. So that the Governmentand
! the manufacturers are alike interested in remov-
! ing this impediment to production.
I 1 might refer to other reasons of a more general
| nature for increasing our sources of supply of the
' staple, and for encouraging the introduction of
! cotton produced by free labor. But I will not en-
| large upon these. The reasons already stated are
sufficient to show the importance of the measure
proposed.
The resolution was adopted.
CIRCUIT COURT OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill to fix the terms
of the circuit court in the district of Wisconsin,
have had the same under consideration, and in-
structed me to report it back with an amendment,
and with the recommendation that it pass; and as
it is important for the business of the judge in that
section of the country that this bill should be put
upon its final passage at as early a day as possi-
ble, I ask the Senate to take it up and consider it
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill
(S. No. 407) to fix the terms of the circuit court
; ofthedistrictof Wisconsin. The bill, asoriginally
• introduced,provided that instead of the terms now
| appointed by law for the circuit court in and for
| the district of Wisconsin, there should be held a
; term at Milwaukee on the first Monday of May,
j and at Madison on the first Monday in October,
! in each and every year hereafter.
The committee reported the bill with an amend-
ment to strike out all after the enacting clause and
to insert:
That instead of the times heretofore fixed by law, the cir-
cuit court of tile United States for the distiict of Wiscon-
sin shalJ heieafter be held a? follows : at Milwaukee on tho
first Monday in May,and atMadisononthcfirstMondaym
October; and ali writs, suits, plea«, recognizances, indict-
ments, or other proceedings, civil or criminal, issued, com -
menced, or pending m said court, shall be returnable, to he
entered, and have day in court, and be heard and tried ac-
cording to the times of holding said court as herein pro-
vided.
The amendment was agreed to.
I The hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
| and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
| was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
was read the third time, and passed.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further business within the morning hour, the
Chair will take up for consideration and present
to the Senate the resolution of the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbuiiy,] in relation to the
arrest of citizens of that State; which will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I was going to suggest that there
was a short bill that I should like to have taken
up and passed this morning, before that resolution
is taken up. The morning hour has not expired.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will ask the Senator
from New Hampshire if he proposes to discuss
this resolution.
Mr. HALE. Let it be postponed until one
o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was postponed yester-
day until that time to-day.
Mr. HALE. I understand it was postponed.
The PRESIDENT/>ra tempore. This resolution
