998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
teered to. shoulder a musket, and no one offered to
lead them into the service. The whole business
has been unequal and wrong from the first. The
rule of conscription should have been the rule to
bring out men of all classes, and make it equal
throughout the country; and therein the North
has failed. I regret that the movement comes
so !ate, when there has been disaster in the field;
when there has been, I think, mismanagement in
council. I regret that it should come so late, but
the time has arrived. We arc now near the con-
clusion of this present war. We are now near
the time when many of our forces will be disbanded
by force of law, by the expiration of the period of
enlistment. We have come to the time when it is
necessary to put forces in the field to maintain this
Government as a unitrwhen it becomes a neces-
sity by some power, if the power exists, to find
forces to preserve the Government; and all men
who believe in the mamtenanceof ourinstitutions
must do their best to evoke that power. If there
are any people in the North who do not think that
they owe allegiance to the Government of their
fathers, to the Government under which theyhvc,
and under which they have enjoyed and now en-
joy all their privileges, and who will raise the
standard of rebellion in the North—if it is to be
done, let it be done now. For myself, I live on a
far distant coast, and I begin to believe that the
people of the far land from which I come are
the most loyal. Perhaps it may be because dis-
tance lends enchantment to their ancient homes.
X do not think with the Senator from Minnesota
fMr. Rice]—he comes from the distant West
limself—that if there be a true and honest and
loyal call from the Government to all the people
to come out, to band together and array themselves
under leaders and move to the conclusion for
which wfe have been struggling for two years, it
will produce rebellion in any part of the North or
the West.
1 regret the necessity of this measure at this
time, I would much prefer that the thing had
been done at the proper time, at the commence-
ment of these movements, and not at a rime when
the country is more or less disheartened; but 1 be-
lieve that bold, efficient legislation, calling forth
notclassesof the community, but calling forth the
community itself, is what is demanded. Take the
State of New York, for instance, where the vol-
unteer system prevailed; New York has furnished
a large number of troops to maintain the country;
New York city has furnished near a hundied
thousand. Were they coneeined in the mainte-
nance of the Republic; and if they were not, why
not? Volunteers were called for, and the adven-
turers came forward; the men to whom it was an
object to receive their bounty and their monthly
pay. Good soldiers they may have been; they
may have served the country well; but our repub-
lican mstitutionsare not to be maintained by forces
alien to the great interests of the country. 1 would
rather have one man who had a father in the land,
or who had kinsmen here, and had a name here,
and had associations heie, than three men who
sought the ranks of the Army for the bounty and
the pay. Here let me say—and it is a truth that
will be justified by all observation—that the reason
why the armies of the West have been triumph-
ant in our fields of battle, whereas in the East nut
so much can be said, is that the western army
consisted of the sons and the brothers and the
fathers of the West, who went from their own
homes and expected to return to their homes. If
conscription hud been the rule—a just rule, a u uly
just rule, for the absolute leason that every man
who has the protection of the law is bound to
maintain law, either in peace or war—we should
have had the same class of men in our eastern
armies.
1 have heard mutterings in the Northwest. I
was myself long a resident in the Northwest. 1
know the Northwest, and I know the extreme
West, and I say it is well to understand whether
or not there is to be a controversy when the Con-
stitution and the laws of the Federal Government
are to be enforced there for self-pteservation. As
for calling into service, in the ranks of the Army,
a Governor, or a judge of a State, or a member of
the Legislature, I do not know that 1 think it atall
advisable. I would rather that this bill had been
so framed as to exempt entirely the regular de-
partments of Government; but if the Constitution
of the United States, and the laws made in pur*
suance of the Constitution by Congress, be the
supreme law of the land, I say that the people of
the Northwest will yield to that law, understand-
ing it to be law. I think a Governor or a member
of the Legislature will make no more controversy
about it than any private citizen, and I do not
think the people will make any controversy be-
cause the men first in place and power are placed
on the same level witn themselves. I really do
not think the bill wise in not having exempted
proper officers of the Federal and several State
Governments; but at the same time the powerex-
ists in Congress under the "Constitution, in my
judgment, and its assertion is not going to place
any considerable body of the people in the North-
west or the extreme West in arms against the
Federal Republic.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, even at this late
day it is well for us to consider wisely and well
the course to be pursued in the future, and it is
well for us to look back to the past for instruction
and experience. Within three months after this
rebellion broke out, not less than a million men
tendered their services to the Government of their
own free will and accord; they tendered their ser-
vices for the defense of their country. I can well
speak for my own State in this regard, as she has
not been laggard in furnishing troops. In May,
1861, one regiment was accepted. The Governor
and some of the Representatives of that State
pleaded for days with the Administration to ac-
cept a second, and it was a long time before they
succeeded! When our application was made, the
answer was, "we have troops enough." After
we had got into the field five or six hundred thou-
sand men, the Secretary of War, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, informed the Military Commit-
tee that we then had more troops in the field than
were needed, and that the Administration would
be forced to disband some that had been already
received; and yet but a short time elapsed when
another call was made, and then later there was
a resort to the draft. And not leng ago, when we
had neai Iy a million men in the field, the Secre-
tary of Wai telegraphed to the Governors of States
calling upon them to bring their forces here with-
out delay, as the capital of the nation was in
danger.
Sir, we have had men enough in the field to set
the world at defiance. One third of the number,
under proper management and proper direction,
would have crushed out the rebelhun long ago.
The Government first refused to accept volunteers,
then resorted to draft, and is now resorting to con-
scription ! How many men do you want? At
the rate we have been going on, before this rebel-
lion is putdown, we shall have to draft the women,
and exhaust the resources of the mightiest nation
upon earth, and all for the want of proper man-
agement at the other end of the avenue.
Now, sir, you propose to pass a bill violating
the constitutions of the States. The constitution
of my Stale was formed and submitted to Con-
gress, and adopted by it, and under it wc were
admitted into the Union. I warn Senators not to
touch that constitution; I warn Senators not to
touch the constitution of a single State, for, as
sure as the sun rises, there is not a man in my
State so craven as to submit to it, and 1 believe
that it will be so in all the States. If there is
any one point more than another upon which an
Amcncan citizen is tenacious, it is as to the rights
of his State under its constitution and its laws.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman have
the goodness to inform us what provision of the
constitution of his State is at all interfered with
by Ibis law?
Mr. RICE. There are provisions in that con-
stitution, and in the constitution of other States,
exempting certain persons from military duty.
Mr. COLLAMER. Iathatanythingmore than
exempting them from their militia, service?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir; much more; because
when you concentrate this power into the hands
of one man, you may break up the State gov-
ernments. I do not believe the Governor of any
State would submit to such infractions of its con-
stitution and laws. I am willing to pass a law
that will go as far as we can go without infring-
ing upon the rights of the States. The moment
you touch upon those rights, I say there will be
a rebellion in the North. What are they doing
in Illinois now? Proposing to send commissioners
to Canada to mak# negotiations with the Cana-
dian Parliament to open communications for sup-
plies through British waters to market; and to-day
in the Indiana Legislature they are not harmoni-
ous upon the subjects now agitating the country.
Already revolution is threatened in Illinois by the
action of a portion of the members of one branch
of that Legislature.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is healed up.
Mr. RICE. It is healed over; but the wound
is left, and can be very easily reopened.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I cannot
very well permit the remarks of my colleague to
pass without a single observation. It is my opin-
ion that a large majority, an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of Minnesota believe that the
Constitution of the United States and the laws of
Congress and the treaties made in pursuance of
the Constitution are the supreme law of the land.
They believe in the Constitution of the United
States, and that it and the laws made by Congress
in pursuance of it arc superior to their own State
constitution and laws. I do not believe that any
law of Congress can be set aside or resisted in the
State of Minnesota, or that any respectable force
—respectable I mean in numbers—could be found
in that State to resist the laws of Congress. I
feel it my duty to make this remark.
Mr. RICE. I would ask my colleague if Con-
gress should pass a law to abolish the constitu-
tion of the State of Minnesota, would the people
submit to it? If Congress can pass a law to abolish
any part of a State constitution, it can abolish it
in its entirety.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not care to engage
in this discussion; but as this discussion pertains
somewhat to the Northwest, to which 1 profess
to be somewhat allied, I do not care to let it go
without making a few remarks designed, perhaps,
as have the remarks of the Senator from Minne-
sota been designed, to reach other ears than ours.
I have been, and I am known throughout many
parts of his country to have been, and I am now,
a State-i ights man in the proper sense of the term,
and in the proper sense uf the term, accoiding to
my judgment, a strict constructionist of the Con-
stitution. I have endeavored to understand the
relation between State and Federal authority; the
State governments and the Federal Government;
the Constitution of the United States and the laws
made in pursuance of the Constitution,and State
constitutions and State laws.
The Senator from Minnesota will understand
that while a State is accepted with its constitu-
tion and admitted into the Union, by virtue of the
same power recognized in its organizing as a State
and adopting a constitution it may, at any time,
under 11h own constitution change that constitu-
tion and establish new principles having no rela-
tion to the action or recognition of the Federal
Government. A State constitution, not being in
violation of any term of the Federal Constitution
or any term of Federal law, is not obnoxious to
objection when the constitution is presented and
the State asks admission; but there may be pro-
visions in the State constitution that may be af-
fected by a hwv within the authority granted to
Congress by the Federal Constitution. Legisla-
tion of this kind has taken place in the Federal
Congress in repeated instances, and the State must
be subjected to Federal authority. The question
was only settled in 1832, or about that period,
what tribunal could decide as between the State
and Federal Government. It was determined that
it belonged to the Supreme Court of the United
Stales to decide as to the sufficiency of the law,
and there it must rest; but if Congress passes a
law within the limit of lis authority under the
Constitution of the United States, it is a superior
law, and must be obeyed without regard to the
terms of any State constitution or any State law.
This is the established doctrine of our Govern-
ment, and must be maintained; otherwise it is not
worth while for us to assert or maintain oui selves
as a Government. When it is said that some pro-
vision in a State law or a State constitution may
contravene a power properly exercised by the Fed-
eral Government, and because it be in opposition,
therefore the State may go into revolution, that is
secessionism in its worst and most malignant form.
The Secretary commenced the call of the roll.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let the
question be stated. There is a misapprehension
here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antho-
