1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was postponed until one o'clock to-day; but the
Chair having gone through the call of the ordi-
nary morning business, suggested that if no fur-
ther business within the morning hour was to be
presented, the Chair would assume to take up the
resolution which has been the subject of discus-
sion, and which was laid over from yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be laid aside until
the time set for its consideration. I think we can
pass the bill to which I refer before the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Now Hampshire if he proposes to discuss
this resolution. If he does not, it will only take
a few moments to take a vote upon it. I want the
vote taken this morning. I will state to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire what, perhaps, he does
not know; that there was a special order made
yesterday for one o'clock to-day—the bill of the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]—and at
one o'clock that bill will come up and exclude a
vote on this resolution. We merely desire to have
a vote upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Delaware
is mistaken in regard to the other special order.
It is not for to-day, as I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
special order for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. HALE. I move to suspend all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill in relation to
the confirmation of appointments in the naval ser-
vice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion of the Senator from Delaware will be passed
by, the Chair having assumed to take it up before
the hour fixed for its consideration, ai^d the Choir
will entertain the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
403) relating to appointments in the naval service
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs that hereafter all
appointments in the volunteer naval service of the
United States shall be submitted to the Senate for
confirmation, in the same way and manner as ap-
pointments in the regular Navy are required to be,
and all such appointments hitherto made, which
shall not have been confirmed by the Senate on
or before the 3d of March next, are to cease and
determine on that day. When the appointment
of any such volunteer officer who shall be in the
service on a foreign station shall not have been
confirmed by the 3d of March, his office is to con-
tinue until after his arrival at some port in the
United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
something about this volunteer service, whether it
is founded on any law or not. 1 am ignorant
about it. The bill speaks of a volunteer service
in the Navy. What is it, and how did it arise?
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out alt of the
first section, after the word " be "in the sixth line,
in the following words:
And all such appointments hitherto made, which shall
not have been confiimed by the Senate on or before the 3d
of March next, shall cease and deteimine on that day.
So that the section will read:
That hereafter all appointment* in the volunteer naval
service of the United Suites shall he submitted to the Sen-
ate for confirmation in the same way and manner as ap-
pointments in the regular Navy are icquired to be.
Mr. HALE. I will state very briefly what this
bill is. At the commencement of the rebellion the
necessities of the service required a great many
appointments to be made in the Navy, and there
was a bill passed by the two Houses authorizing
appointments to be made, which have generally
been called " volunteer appointments." They are
so putdown in the Naval Register. Thoseappoint-
ments of actinglieutenants and other officers have
been made without confirmation by the Senate. I
do not know whether there have been any acting
captains, though I know there have been acting
rear admirals appointed; and, as I read the law,
these appointments are entirely without authority
of law. There was a curious fact in relation to
the appointment of admirals. In the last grade bill
we passed, we made some rear admirals, and as-
signed them no dufy except to wear a various col-
ored flag—I believe that was all. Since that the
Secretary has undertaken tu appoint acting admi-
rals. However, I have nothing to do with that
subject now; 1 shall give my attention to it here-
after, if I think proper. As I was saying,these vol-
unteer appointments were authorized to be made
by the Secretary, and I believe we have under-
taken to confirm them by an act of Congress, al-
though the Constitution requires that they should
be confirmed by the Senate. We have allowed
the Secretary or the President to appoint these
volunteer officers, without confirmation by the
Senate, until they amount—a friend has cast them
up for me—in number to about nineteen hundred,
(though I am not sure that all of them would be
required to be submitted to the Senate ifthey were
in the regular Navy,) at an annual salary ofabout
two million dollars; so that there are about nine-
teen hundred officers appointed by the Secretary
without the concurrence of the Senate, receiving
an annual salary ofabout two million dollars.
This bill simply requires that where, in the reg-
ular Navy,a nomination must be submitted to the
Senate, a nomination to the same rank shall be
submitted to the Senate if it is in the volunteer
service, the same as with officers of the Army.
There were a class of officers in the Army whom
we undertook last session to let go without con-
firmation by the Senate, but before the end of the
cession we reconsidered that action, and required
them to be sent here—I refer to the aids of the
generals—and at the close of the session they
were submitted.
This bill is reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and, as I supposed, with the unan-
imous assent of that committee. There was no dis-
sent to it there that I know of, except it may be in
regard to one pai ticular feature of it. We thought
it was a proper function of the Senate to advise
and consent to these nominations or reject them.
Now, if the amendment oT the Senator from Iowa
prevails, it seoms to me it would be an act of injus-
tice to pass the bill, because if it be just and proper
that nineteen hundred officers, receiving a salary
of $2,000,000, should hold their places upon the
mere appointment of the Secretary of the Navy
or the President, there would be no propriety and
no justice in requiring those who come in after-
wards to be submitted to the Senate. It seems to
me-that the genius of the Government, and the
spirit of the Constitution, if not its letter, require
that these nominations should all be submitted to
the Senate for confirmation or rejection. It may
be said, and probably will be, that it will be in-
convenientto the Senate. I do not think we ought
to listen to such a suggestion as that. Ifitisour
duty to examine theseappointments to see whether
they should or should not be made, it is our duty
to sit here long enough to do it, and if we cannot
do it by the 4th of March, we can do it by the
4th of July. It seems to me that an argument
addressed to the inconvenience of the Senate,
should not be listened to by the body.
I may be permitted to say in this connection
that 1 have fSo objection to a single one of these
officers; there is not a solitary officer on the list
that I want to reject; nor have I the slightest feel-
ing in regard to a solitary individual of them; but
as a member of the Senate, I think it is our duty,
we being made by the Constitution a part of the
appointing power, to require that these nomina-
tions should be submitted to the Senate for rejec-
tion or confirmation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him how long do these appointments
continue.
Mr. HALE. I do not know; no one can tell.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does not the law distin-
guish between those whom you call volunteers
and other officers of the Navy?
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senator from Iowa to
read the act.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, by the act of
July 24, 1861, these officers were authorized to
be appointed. As the Constitution of the United
States authorizes Congress to vest the power of
appointment in the President, the chief of any of
the Departments, or in any of the courts, we then
declared and enacted:
" That the temporary appointments made, or which may
he inadf, by the Secietary of the Navy, of acting lieuten-
ants, nrtiiisr paymasteis. acting assistant silicons, acting
master-* and master-?' mates, are hereby latified and con-
tinued as tempoiaiv acting appointments until the retfirn
of the vessels m wiuch they tue respectively employed, oi
until the suppiesaion of the present insurrection "
That is the answer to the interrogatory. Now,
sir, I hold that all these gentlemen have been con-
firmed; they have been appointed and have en-
tered upon the proper discharge of their duties in
perfect accordance with the act of Co'ngressj a|id
my proposition is"to strike out that portion of tKe
bill which declares that the names of tho'sfc VitfO"
have already been appointed and are exercising
the functions of thetroffice properly,under the'J&w
of Congress, shall be sent to us. If that amend-
ment should be adopted, the bill will thensmipJy
require that such as shall hereafter-be appointed
shall be sent to the Senate for confirmation.' - -
Mr. HALE. I think the Senate will see at
once by looking at the act referred to, that it was
passed in great haste and without consideration,
for it reads:
"That the temporary appointments made,.or which may
be made, by the Secretary of the Navy, of acting lieuten-
ants, acting paymasters, acting assistant surgeons, acting
masters and masters' mates, are hereby ratified and con-
fiimed." •
That is, the confirmation which is required by
the Constitution to be made by the Senate, is made
by an act of Congress, and they not only confirm
all that the Secretary has made, but all that he
may hereafter make, for these are the very words
of the act:
''That the temporary appointments made., or which may
be made3 by the Secretary of the Navy, of acting lieuten-
ants, paymasters, acting assistant surgeons, acting masters
and masters' mates, are hereby ratified and confirmed."
Now, sir, I think I do not say too much when
I say that that act was ill advised and ill consid-
ered. It was ill advised for Congress to under-
take to ratify and confirm those appointments,
when the ratification and confirmation should
have been made by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What committee did it
come from ?
Mr. HALE. That I do not know, but if it
came from the Committtee on Naval Affairs I will
submit to all the censure that I heap upon it. 1
do not impugn anybody's motives. There was
a great deal of legislation at that session that did
not meet my approbation. To my mind there
was some of the most injudicious legislation that
ever was enacted passed at that session. My
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] one
of the most patriotic men we have, thought that
the great remedy at that time was to raise the
grade and pay of officers of the Army. He was
going to put uown the rebellion in that way. I
think my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] was
not free from the same feeling in regard to the
Navy; and then my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] thought as we were lifting the Army
and Navy, that he would take the revenue ser-
vice; and to raise the rank and grade and pay
of officers seemed to be the great remedy for put-
ting down the rebellion! A great deal of this legis-
lation was ill considered.
But, sir, I have discharged my duty,andhaving
done so, I am not disposed to debate the subject*
I hope the amendment will not be made.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it occurs to me
that the Senate, in the passage of the law referred
to, used language exactly proper to be used. The
Secretary of the Navy had made certain appoint-
ments without any authority of law; and it was
the purpose of the Naval Committee, of which I
have the honor to be a member with the Senator
from New Hampshire, to ratify and confirm those
acts, and at the same time to confer authority upon
the Secretary of the Navy to make similar ap-
pointments in future, under the authority of that
clause of the Constitution which declares that—
"Congress may, by law, vest the appointment of such
inferior as they think proper in the President alone,
in the courts of law, or in the heads of Departments."
Now, what has the Secretary of the Navy doner
He has acted in precise conformity to the law of
Congress, which was passed in pursuance of the
Constitution. This bill proposes that we shall go
back and take up all the appointments that were
made in accordance with that law—eighteen hun-
dred of them—and attempt to pass upon the per-
sonal and professional qualifications of every one
of those persons. We all know we could not do
it. We all know it would be the merest farce in
the world. Why not, therefore, content ourselves
with saying that hereafter, if the Department
makes more appointments of a similar character,
they shall be submitted to the Senate for confirm-
ation r
There are some serious objections to the bill as
it stands. It now reads:
" And nil such appointments hitherto made, which shall
not have been confumed by the Senate on or before the 3d
of March nest, shall cease and determine that day."
