1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
defined by international law, govern us. That is
our state to-day and our condition to-day,and in
that sense it is the higher law; itris the law above
the Constitution and above all lawsj it is the law
of our life and the law of our existence to-day, the
ultima ratio. Our state to-day is that state known
to nations when the laws are silent. Your mu-
nicipal regulations and your Constitution has no
voicc for such an occasion and such a time; but
the law known to nations everywhere, the right of
self-defense, the ultima ratio, is the law of our life
and the law of our destiny. Therefore, sir, un-
der such circumstances it is easy for me to say,
I vote for no such resolutions, because the pre-
sumption is ,if the Commander-in-Chiefhasarrest-
ed men under these circumstances and imprisoned
them, that he has rightfully done it. When I know
the fact that you have armed the Commander-in-
Chief of your forces with the power to raise amil-
lion of men to put down an armed rebellion, and
when I know the fact that he is exercising that
high function, and when I know the fact, as I know
my existence, that throughout the length and
breadth of this land there, are traitors, rebels in
the North as well as those bearing arms, men sym-
pathizing and giving aid and com fort to these men,
I will not doubt that the President, when he lays
his hand upon the men who are thus sympathiz-
ing and thus giving aid and comfort, is as essen-
tially aiding his country, sustaining the Consti-
tution and the supremacy of the laws, as when he
is directing his generals against rebel batteries.
Therefore, sir, I meet all these resolutions,
which are said to be "mere resolutions of inquiry,"
at the threshold, and I vote for none of them as
mere resolutions of inquiry; and that, upon the
ground that the President is exercising precisely
the function which the Constitution conferred upon
him; that the presumption of law is, and the pre-
sumption of fact is, that the President, if he has
arrested men in the North,has found bad men in
the North; if he has been compelled to put his
hand upon these men and restrain them of their
liberty, it is because they have actually given aid
and comfort to the rebels under arms, or because
he has reason to apprehend that they will. 1 rest
upon that presumption. I maintain that, consid-
ering the extraordinary state of public affairs, it
is the right and the bounden duty of the President
to put his hands upon whoever sympathizes or
whoever gives aid or comfort to the rebels. That
is his right; and I have so much confidence in his
administration, that I will not assume that he has
incarcerated anybody, or restrained anybody of
liberty, who has not been thus guilty.
Taking this view, 1 am not embarrassed by this
resolution, from another fact. Nobody suggests
that these men, thus imprisoned in Fort Delaware,
do not fall within the class of persons 1 have de-
scribed. Nobody comes here to tell you that these
men are constitutional-loving, law-abiding men.
The honorable Senator ft om Delaware,who moves
this resolution, [Mr. Saulsbury,] does not under-
take to tell the Senate or give the Senate any in-
foimation upon the subject that these men are
loyal supporters of the Government, friends of the
Constitution and the Union. No, sir; no such
thing. The letter which has been read to you gives
no earnest of such attachment and such devotion
to the Union. They write to the Senator a letter
simply saying that they have been restrained of
their libeity. Very likely. Thousands all over
this country outside of the prisons, 1 have very
good reason to suppose, ought to have been re-
strained before this.
Thus, Mr. President, I meet resolutions of this
kind upon the threshold, and I rest on the pre-
sumption that goes with the President, that he is
doing his duty. It is his duty not only to put
down rebels in arms, but it is his duty to put do wn
men who sympathize with them, who give them
aid and comfort whether in or out of the rebel !
States. [
Now, Mr. President, let mc advert to some of j
the current history of this country in illustration '
of what I am saying. The honorable Senator from <
Kentucky seems to take the lead in denouncing j
the President and the Government. Itisnotnew j
with him. Let me illustrate the subject somewhat j
by reference to ins own Slate. What is the con- I
dition of Kentucky? He stands here to tell you !
that at least five thousand of the citizens of Ken- |
tucky have been, first and last, arfested by this J
Administration and restrained of their liberty, '
mostof whom have since been setat liberty. Now,
sir, from what we know of the current history of
Kentucky, what is the inference? What is the
inference the honorable Senator would have the
country draw? That the President has arrested
so many loyal Union-loving citizens, all patriots!
That is what the honorable Senator would give
us to understand. Now, what is the probability?
I have reason to believe that three out of every
four of the able-bodied men of Kentucky, the men
of war, are in the rebel ranks fighting the battles
of the rebels against this Constitution,against this
Government, and against the authority of the Pres-
ident. What is the inference from that? Do we
not know that Kentucky, from the beginning, has
been a nest of traitors ? Do we not know that no-
body has been left in Kentucky except the old
men and the women and the children ? Do we not
know that all such who could fight, and could get
out of the State, have joined the rebels? Under
such circumstances, the Senator from Kentucky
comes here to ask the commiseration of the Sen-
ate; and he himself, from the beginning of this re-
bellion down to the present time, has stood here
to denounce the Government, stood by the side
of Ins late eolieague, who denounced it from the
beginning to the end of his career here, until he
marched over to join the ranks of rebellion, and
now heads a biigade against the Government of
his country. I honor the manliness of the man
who follows the logic of his opinions and the logic
of his teachings, and goes where he belongs rather
than linger to advocate the cause of those who are
fighting against the Government of their country,
and who lias no word of denunciation whatever
toward men who are in arms against the Govern-
ment. From the beginning of this contest down
to now, no word has escaped that honorable Sen-
ator denunciatory of the enemies of his country;
but from the beginning this Government has done
no act whatever to maintain the Federal authority
that has not been denounced by him. From his
stand-point, Mr. President, I do not know that
anything else could have been expected. He does
not believe in the authority of this Government;
he does not believe that this Government is any-
thing more than a sort of peace establishment. He
thinks that your Constitution provides for noth-
ing more than a peace establishment; that in times
of war it has no power and no authority; and so,
from the beginning of this rebellion, he has stood
here to denounce the authority of the Government,
to denounce coercion, subjugation, and all that
sort of thing as unconstitutional, illegal, without
authority of law, a usurpation. Following the
logic of such opinions, he must, of course, de-
nounce the President, and denounce all measures
calculated to restore the supremacy of the Gov-
ernment and to maintain the Federal supremacy
everywhere.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky felicitates himself—rejoices, he says, at
the signs of the times. He says the lion-hearted
Democracy are rebuking this Administration.
Well, sir, the rebels throughout rebeidom rejoiced
in the same way. Those victories, so misinter-
preted, carried a thrill of delight through the rebel
campseverywhere;no doubtaboutthat; and why?
It is supposed that the hour is coming when those
who sympathize with rebellion, those who do not
believe in maintaining the authority of this Gov-
ernment by power and by force, will be able so to
embarrass this Government as to force an inglo-
rious peace. That is what they are doing; that is
what the honorable Senator unquestionably be-
lieves in; that is what he expects; that is the good
day coming; and that is unquestionably what Mr.
Davis understands is to be his relief; and, sir,
allow mo to say that is what encourages our ene-
mies abroad to-day. The governing powers on
the other side of the Atlantic are looking on with
as much solicitude and as much rejoicing as the
honorable Senator from Kentucky—I mean the
enemies of this Government. They say, " wait i
a little, a peace party in the North is springing '
up; wait a little; byand by will come the time for
intervention;" and this class of men, whether in
Congress or outofCongress,inmy judgment will
ultimately be found to be the first men to invoke
foreign intervention as one of the means of set-
tling this difficulty. But, Mr. President,it is said
that this practice on the part of the Government
is cruel; it takes men on suspicion, mere suspi- 1
oionj takes men without evidence of their crim- i
inality. What is the evidence of that? ? That is
mere assumption.* When I know that thelsmd
is full of traitors, and when I see the Federal
thority laying its strong hand upon these men
restraining them, it is not necessary for ijie Joifr-
fer that the President is taking innocent men*
The inference is legitimate, and the inferenee'is
legal, that the President, in the administration of
public affairs, in the conduct of this war, has found
it necessary to restrain these men who are giving
aid and comfort to the rebellion. With thai in-
ference, I meet the assumption that innocent paer*
or women have been deprived of their liberty and
restrained in any respect whatsoever; and lwait
for the proof. And whenever Senators bring for*
ward a resolution of inquiry here, they should be
expected to backitup by proof—not that thePresi-
dent has simply exercised the power of restrain-
ing, but that an innocent person has been re-
strained of his liberty, a loyal person, one well
affected to the Government, and not dangerous to
be at large; and when such a case as that comes.,
1 shall be ready to consider it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to ask him how we can present
the proof of innocence until we ascertain what is
the charge of guilt? Must not the charge be made
before we are called upon to prove innocence, U
we must prove a negative; and how could we pre-
sent such a case as he contemplates here withput
an inquiry of this character preceding it?
Mr. MORRILL. I am not arguing, Mr. Pres-
ident, a question of evidence; but'if the person
knows that he is in prison, he probably knows
whether he is guilty or not; and if the honorable
Senator knows that any of his /ellow-citizens have
been confined in the prisons of the country, or in
the forts of the country, it is not a difficult affair,
I imagine, for him to be able to present to the Sen-
ate, not evidence, but a statement, whether he is a
loyal man, or whether he is a disloyal man. So
much, I think, we have a right to expect, before
we consider questions of this kind. But, Mr.
President, not only is there an entire absence of
any proof upon this subject, touching that par-
ticular phase of the question, but the complaint
is entirely groundless, every way. Arrested on
suspicion ! Sir, some of these men have been ar-
rested in my country, and 1 have never known an
instance where the public judgment did not just-
ify it; and I have never known an instance where
there was the slightest suspicion that any injus-
tice had been done to the individual; and I have
never known an individual arrested who was not
fairly chargeable with suspicion of disloyalty.
But beside that, what is the ordinary method in
the administration of public justice? Are not men
ordinarily arrested on suspicion, probable cause?
Are men allowed to go at large who are suspected *
of having committed crime, until full proof is
made? No such thing. In the ordinary course
of the administration of justice, men are called
upon to give an account; are arrested, put into
prison, put upon their trial, not simply upon sus-
picion, but upon probable cause to suspect that
they are improper persons.
Now sir, having said thus much, I contentmy-
self with repeating that I shall steadily and per-
sistently'vote against all resolutions which carry
upon the face of them, or which are advocated in
a manner to indicate that they are an assault on
the Government of the country in times like these.
I maintain that the President of the United States
not only has the authority, but is his bounden
and solemn duty, when he sends his generals to
overthrow the rebellion, to keep up a watchful
vigilance that those who aid and abet the rebel-
lion do no mischief at home.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, is the reso-
lution open to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is open to amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to strike out "the
Secretary of War"and insert" the President."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit to the President
whether that is in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman wait un-
til I am through ? I move to strike out the words
" the Secretary of War be and is hereby directed "
and insert, " the President be requested, if in his
judgment it shall not be incompatible with the
public interest."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment.
