64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
Mr* WRIGHT. I have a remark or two to
make. The opinion which I advanced on a sub-
ject somewhat similar to this, last July, I have not
changed. I think that in the free States of the
North, where the courts are open, where there is
a marshal to execute process, where the laws can
be executed, where the persons arrested can be
tried, it is not proper to arrest and imprison per-
sons unless tried and punished according to law.
1 think, however, that in the bolder States, where
ih'ere is difficulty in executing the laws, the ques-
tion presents a totally diffeient aspect.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no more difficulty, let
me say to the gentleman, in the State of Dela-
ware than in his own State, and I doubt whether
there is as much.
Mr. WRIGHT. I know not, Mr. President,
how that is. I trust the honorable Senator is cor-
rect, but my fears are to the contrary.
Mr. BAYARD. I know.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
Indiana this question: can he point to an instance
in the history of the State of Delaware, from the
organization of the Government to the present
time, when there has been any resistance to the
execution of a Federal law in that State, or any
attempt on the part of any portion of the people
of that State to subvert this Government?
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 am not familiar with the
history of the conduct of the State of Delaware.
X intend to follow the path of duty to the Govern-
ment while 1 am a member of the Senate. I am
willing to trust the President of the United States.
In this hour of my country's peril, I am willing
to ask the President to communicate, if he thinks
it consistent with the best public interests, the
reason for any arrests made by his order. I regard
the principle which has been asserted on this floor,
that you cannot arrest a man who, in a time like
this, is about to furnish supplies to the enemy, as
a principle destructive of our Government, and
which would lead to the most disastrous conse-
quences. Must we stand still and let the rebels
receive aid and comfort from men in our midst,
under the plausible pretext that it is a violation of
the principles of this Government to arrest them ?
1 dare not at this time take such a view.
There is another reason which governs me.
This Government, I think, has been negligent in
the execution of the laws. The masses of the
people have looked on, and have seen that there
has been afailuie to execute the laws, whether
through courtesy or comity, or from other cause,
I am not able to say. 1 agree with the Senator
who said, the other day, that it was very remark-
able that only five hundred arrests had been made.
I understand that fiom the time this rebellion
biokc out down to the present, the arrests made
by order of the President have not exceeded that
number. It is, indeed, an astonishing fact that,
in this entire, country, with the land full of trea-
son, with our very capital full of traitors, so few
have been arrested. It would be very strange if,
in some of these instances, there were not cases of
great hardship. I am willing, however, to trust
these affairs to the President, and, when necessary,
to aid in the passage of a resolution calling on hua
to report to this body the facts, if he does not
deem such a course inconsistent with the public
interest. The President is the representative of
the unity, the power, and the strength of this Re-
public. I hold him responsible. I wash my hands
of that miserable doctrine too often inculcated
here, that in such a time as this there is such a
thing as loyalty to the Government and disloyalty
to those in power. Sir, there is but one true loy-
alty, and that is unconditional adherence to, and
support of, those who stand at the helm of the
Government*placed there by the people to direct,
whether in calm or storni, the great affairs of State.
"Why, sir, you might as well, m a time of hurri-
cane and tempest, when every hope is sinking, the
old ship staggering in tin* gale, rackcd and rocked
upon tremendous seas, destruction to terrified
crew and vessel all at hand, present the miserable
farce of these imperiled mariners praying for the
safety'of the vessel, omitting a word of petition
for their anxious pilot, but, instead, pouring im-
precations upon him while contending with wave
and wind to pieserve their safety. The President
is our pilot and at the helm of our vessel. He is
the head of our country; and now, when the life
of the nation is at stake, I can trust him in the
execution of its laws. Shall it be said that the
Presidentof the United States is actuated by per-
sonal enmity toward any man in this nation?
After eighteen months of rebellion, you can find
but one or two instances in which men complain
of hardship from the Government.
But, sir, this is not all. I have heard Senators
in the course of the debate allude to the effect of
these arrests. I shall not discuss this question
at present. But, since the elections in the West,
I have met a very plain man who has been all his
life a Whig, and I think he expressed about as
much common sense in one remark as^ I have
heard lately. I asked him what course he took
in the late elections. He told me that he voted
the Democratic ticket. I wasastonished. "Why,"
said I, " I have been trying to get your vote for
twenty years, and how does it come now that you
have voted the Democratic ticket?" He made
this significant reply—let it be written down and
preserved:—" Governor Wright, the Government
is not in earnest. The Government is not in
earnest." I dare not do to-day any one act
which would tend to confiim this man, and those
who think.with him, in that sentiment. Sir, I
have sometimes thought that it would do us good
if we could bring Mr. Davis into this Chamber
and get him to answer a single question, "Plow
have you such unity in the South; how have you
raised such an army against this Government; how
have you obtained the means; how have you ar-
rayed men who are the same people as those against
whom you are embattled, who speak the same
language, worship the same God, and have lived
for eighty years together under this Govern-
ment'" He could give but one answer, and it
would be: (< I suffer no man in the South to be
against my government; I suffer no man in the
South to publish a paper against my govern-
ment. "
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the Senator
from Indiana a question. I wish to know of that
Senator, whether he has not seen published, in
papers that are considered loyal to this Govern-
ment, the fact that a citizen ofVirginia, having been
arrested, a member of what is called the southern
congiess introduced into that body a resolution
asking the so-called president of the southern con-
federacy to communicate the cause of his arrest;
and whether the same attempt was not made in
their assumed congress to resist it that is made in
this body; and whether that assumed congress
did not, by a vote of some five to one, request the
president of the southern confederacy, as it is
called, to give that information to their congress?
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I know noth-
ing about the case that my friend from Delaware
mentions. I know certain facts which I will men-
tion in confirmation of what I was saym<r. 1 know
that no man is suffered to live in the South who
is in sympathy with the North. I know that all
the debts which the southern people owed in the
North have been confiscated. I know that Jef-
ferson Davis rules as supreme dictator. I know
that there is no such thing as an individual right
recognized in the South during this war. I should
like to see the Army of this country and the offi-
cers of this country, from the President down,
animated by some of that principle which I am
informed was carried out a few days ago by Stone-
wall Jackson. He found forty-seven of his men
in the act of deserting, and falling behind his army
in time of battle. He marched them before his
regiments, and shot down every man. Thev un-
derstand what war is, but it seems that gentlemen
think that we are playing here; they do not seem
to reflect that the life of the nation is at stake. And
now we are asked to call upon the head of the
nation and demand of him what he is doing.
When he has the life of the nation in his hand, I
dare not look to uriy other source but him, as the
representative of the powei and the strength of
this nation. Wo must all do this; we must either
look to him, in whose hands the safety of the
! Government, the sacredness of its laws and Con-
| sutution is lodged, or we must prepare for vjo-
'! lence, anarchy, and despotism. I can safely lodge
j power in his hands, with the consciousness that
; he will not intcrfei e with the rights of the hum-
blest citizen. He is not the man to do it. He can
have no malice. My duty is to stand by him.
1 want to see the laws executed: 1 want to see the
power of this Government enforced. But, sir,
what have we witnessed since the commencement
of this session of Congress? I believe there is a
proposition on your table now to provide for call-
ing a convention.
What does all this mean ? Is it the duty of
Union men at this time, under any circumstances,
to talk about a convention, or think of a compro-
mise with rebels holding arms in their hands? No;
there is but one thing to do—and that is the pun-
ciple which I mean to carry out by my vote—to
stand by the men in power. I stood by McClel-
lan when he was at the head of your Army. I
stand by Burnside. I stand by the Presidentand
whoever is in the command of your Army, for the
life of the nation is at stake. I can only fulfill my
duty by doing so.
If gentlemen suppose that the late elections have
turned on any of these matters, they understand
very little of the feeling of the West. My people
are loyal. Circumstances that I do not think it
properto allude to to-day,affected those elections;
and the points which my friend from Kentucky
has presented had very little to do with the con-
troversy. Our people have shown their loyalty
by sending their men to the field; they will sus-
tain the Government; and that old man's simple
language, to which I have referred, speaks a vol-
ume: " The Government is not in earnest." I
want to see it in earnest. I want the approving
voice to come from here, that the hand of power
may fall on the traitor wherever he is, North or
South; that the life of this nation shall be pre-
served.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I regret ex-
ceedingly that the honorable Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] and the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Wright,] should have seen fit to
introduce very irrelevant matter into the discus-
sion of a simple proposition, and to connect other
States with my own State. This resolution is
simply a resolution of inquiry as to the arrest of
two individuals by name, no more. There is no
preamble that recites or charges any offense, or
indicts anybody, as the honorable Senator from
Maine seems to suppose. I have nothing to do
with the remarks of others; but, suiely, if a cit-
izen of my State is imprisoned without lawful
warrant, under an assumption of power which I
cannot find in the Constitution of the United States,
and has been detained in prison for two months or
more, it is not only the right, but it becomes the
duty of my colleague and myself, as represent-
ing the State in this body, to ask from the officer
who exercises this power of arbitrary imprison-
ment, the grounds and causes on which that cit-
izen is held. That is the extent of the proposition.
Whether he is censurable or not; whether it will
not turn out, as in the case of Mis. Bnnsmade,
that these citizens have actually been arrested by
some lawless authority without the order of the
Secretary of War, I cannot say. I want his an-
swer; I want to knowif heauthorized thesearrests.
I want to know what arc the grounds on which the
men are held in prison; not committed for trial,
not brought before the civil tribunals, but detained
in prison for two months, when they are men
who—though, as I have told you, I do not know
them personally—bear the character of men of
respectable standing in the State.
There is another matter to be considered. The
honorable Senator from Maine brings into this
case the state of things in Kentucky. He tells
us—I atp not able to answer nor to refute what he
says as to that—that three out of four of the able-
bodied mr n of Kentucky are in the confederate
j ranks. What has that got to do with an inquiry
. in reference to the State of Delaware? Take her
: locality; she is cut off entirely from all connec-
; tion with the confederate States; she is not a bor-
1 der State within the meaning of the phrase " hor-
I der States," in this war. She is a small State.
! Those of her people (even if there be such) who
| desire to aid the confedeiates, have not the power
| to do so. The " necessity," which is the giound
I of arrest in these cases, must ncccssanly rest on
j the danger to the public safety; there is no other
j meaning; in the word " necessity" in this connec-
! tion. Now, take the locality of Delaware, the
j smallness of her population, the fact that no evi-
. donee whatever of disloyalty to the laws and Con-
| sutution of the United States, or to the authori-
ties of the United States, has been exhibited in
[ that State in any form, and on what ground is it
| that the request of my colleague is to be refused,
| when he simply asks for information as to why
i two citizens of Delaware have been arrested, and
