THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1862.
New Series No. 5.'
seeks to obtain a statement of the cause of their
arrest?
Mr. President, it seems to me that gentlemen
lose sight of the great principle which I think is
before the people of this country, and which, if
the Senate refuse this application, will come more
immediately before them; and that is, that this is
a representative Government, in which the Pres-
ident, Congress, the judiciary, ail of its officers,
are but the agents of the people, are responsible
to the public opinion; that our form of Govern-
ment abhors secrecy of punishment and secrecy
of inquiry; that that is inconsistent with the very
existence of a republican form of Government. If
there be in this ease ground for arrest—for it is a
mete inquiry—why can it not be given ? If there
be no ground for the arrest, ought not the men to
be discharged ? I have shown you before—and I
am not going to repeat the argument, because no
one can doubt the fact—that the judiciary can give
no relief, because the President,'rightly or wrong-
ly, (in my judgment wrongly,) assumes that he
has the power to suspend the action of the judi-
ciary through the writ of habeas corpusfor the pur-
pose of public inquiry. Where, then, is the relief
of the citizen? It must be through the representa-
tives of the State in which he lives, asking an in-
quiry into the causes on which he is arrested and
held in durance fora period of two months, which
are unknown to them, which they are unable to
ascertain; for you must carry with you that this
seclusion cuts off the party from his friends; that
he is not allowed to see counsel; that his friends
are not allowed to have access to him; and he is to
be detained there at discretion, indefinitely.
Mr. President, you may refuse this inquiry; and
if you refuse it, i admit these men can have no
redress, except the mere discretion and will of the
Secretary of War as to whether he chooses to hold
them or not. That Government is not a free Gov-
ernment which vests in the executive power the
right to imprison a citizen at will, without any
publicity or any knowledge of the charge on which
he is confined, and which can withhold, under the
amendment of the honorable Senator from In-
diana, which is a mere cover, all information as
to the causes of arrest on the pretense that the
public interests, whore an individual is arrested,
forbid the communication of the reasons for the
arrest. I do not think the form of the amendment
is wrong; but acting from our knowledge, our ju-
dicial knowledge, that the authority is claimed and
exercised by the Secretary of War, the resolution
should properly be addressed to him, and be di-
rectory. It is not like (lie case of inquiries as to
diplomatic relations or matters in which the Presi-
dent may be supposed to have and ought to exer-
cise a discretion whether he will answer our call
or not; but it will be (what I will not assume) a
reproach to the President of the United States, that
he never could answer to the people of this coun-
try, if he were to say that it was incompatible
with the public interests that he should give any
information as to the arrest of two men in a State
in which there never has existed an insurrection,
in which it lias not even been contemplated; a State
m which things are perfectly quiet; in which the
courts are open; where the laws can be executed,
as I told the honorable Senator from Indiana, a
little better than in his own State—for if I mistake
not there was resistance there to one of the laws
of the United States on the subject of the draft;
there has been no resistance to the lawful authoiity
of the United States in any form or mode in my
own State.
Sir, I regret that gentlemen will bring extra- i
neons matters to bear on this resolution ofmquiry:
but they may do so if they please, and they may !
give to it a party aspect and invite party support, \
for the purpose of smothering the resolution. Be !
it so; but they cannot smother the debate; they j
cannot keep from the people of this country the !
knowledge of the fact that a citizen of the United I
States, in a State where the courts are onen,isde- '
nied redress by the Executive fora wrong through j
the law of the land and through the judicial power, I
and that when he comes by his representative and '■
5
asks barely for information as to the cause whylie
has been arrested and detained in prison for two
months, he is told, "we will make no inquiry
whatever; we will leave everything to the Presi-
dent;" or, perhaps, in the language of the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, that loyalty must be
to an administration and not to a Government?,
and that it is a miserable sentiment for a man to
say that, m a republic, loyalty means affection to
the laws and Constitution, and a determination to
sustain them. I uttered that sentiment. It did
not spring from me alone, but it seems to me that
it is obvious to every man. The honorable Sen-
ator may consider it a miserable sentiment; but I
give him the authority of one man at least, who,
I suppose, from his standing, his position, his
character, and his locality, is yet entitled to some
respect in this country—a late judge of the Su-
preme Court, Judge Curtis, of Massachusetts. In
the pamphlet which he has recently published he
uses precisely the same idea which I expressed
before, and which I now repeat—that it is atro-
cious to talk about loyalty to an administration
in a Government which is founded on the will of
the people, and is a free Government. We can
understand the term applied to a hereditary mon-
archy^we can understand the term applied to a
despotic monarchy, where attachment to the sov-
ereign is essential, arising out of the structure and
form of government; but it is a strange doctrine
that in a representative republic, founded upon
the will of the people at large, where the people,
at stated and specific times, change their repre-
sentatives, you are to swear by an administra-
tion, you are to presume because you are at war
that every act they do is ri^ht, and when an in-
quiry is made as to the causes which have led to
an act which on the face of if is certainly not
within the ordinary process of lav/, you are to be
told, " oh, it is disloyalty to the Administration
if you make any question in time of war as to any
species of action, no matter if it be an aggression
upon the rights of individuals."
Now, sir, put the case that it were reported to
the representatives of any State that a citizen of
that State was not ortly confined in Fort Warren,
or Fort La Fayette, or Fort Delaware, but that he
was actually being starved there or kept in chains.
The judiciary cannot reach him; we have evi-
dence tlmt that is the determination of the Admin-
istration. Is it disloyalty to the Constitution and
the laws, is it disloyalty to the Government, to
call for information from the officers who impris-
oned him as to whether the facts are so or not?
If they be not so, deny it. If itbe true that such
a thing has been done; if you have no power of
punishment, the public opinion of this country,
the sen'timent of the country, the general moral
tone of feeling of the country, will, in its good
time, form the rebuke for an act of that kind. The
principle is the same, Mr. President; the impris-
onment may not be as injurious to the party as
the attempt to starve him', or the attempt to tor-
ture him, or to inflict any other punishment upon
him, but it is equally a wrong if there is no ground
for it. He has a right to ask the ground; and if
you refuse him that knowledge, you arc abandon-
ing the great principle on which your institutions
stand—that this is a representative .Republic, in
which the people have a right to know what the
actions of their rulers are; and when it ceases to j
be that, when the time comes at which you can- ,
not have that information, you have passed sun- '
ply into a government of will, a pure despotism.
Mr.POWELL. Secrecy,Mr. President,might
well become the cabinet of a tyrant, but it ill be-
comes the cabinet of a free, constitutional Gov-
ernment. 1 fear, from the tenor of the speech of n
theSfinHtor from Maine, [Mr. Mop.r.iLi.,] that my !j
criticism a few days ago upon the a<~ts ot the Ad- i
ministration may injure the cause of two citizens j
of Delaware. Aly object was to aid those cit:- <
zens; but the Senator from Maine seems to base
his opposition to the resolution, asking forinform-
ation concerning the confinement of those two gen-
tlemen, upon a speech that I made advocating the
resolution, and not upon the merits of the resolu-
tion itself. Istand here,Mr. President,prepared to
makegood by proof which cannotbe controverted,
every charge that I made in that speech; and 1
defy the Senator from Maine to enter the list, ami
let us discuss it before the Senate and the Ameri-
can people. Prior to taking up that branch of
the subject, however, I will notice a few remarks
of the Senator that were somewhat personal to me
and to the people I have the honor to represent.
He demands to know the condition of Ken-
tucky. He asks the question for the purpose of
answering it, and then says that three fourths of
the able-bodied men of Kentucky have taken
arms and gone into the confederate service. Mr.
President, I did not suppose there was a man in
the United States of America, of ordinary intel-
ligence, who did not know more about the con-
dition of the people of Kentucky than the Senator
from Maine seems to know. What, sir, three
fourths of her able-bodied men in arms in the re-
bellion ! The Senator has drawn upon his fancy
for his facts. I have no doubt that the Senator
states what he believes is true; I by no means in-
tend to impeach his veracity; but I hope he will
allow me to enlighten his understanding upon that
matter. Let me tell the Senator that three fourths
of the people of Kentucky, who are able to bear
arms, are not in arms on both sides. Allow me
to tell him further, that more are in arms on the
Union than on the rebel side.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator will
not misrepresent me as saying that three fourths
of the people of Kentucky were in arms on the
side of the rebellion.
Mr. POWELL. I did not say that. I under-
stood the Senator to say that three fourths of the
men able to bear arms were in the confederate
ranks. That was the way in which I stated his
remark.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe I did say, institut-
ing a comparison, that I thought three fourths of
the war men of Kentucky were in the confederate
camps. That may be stating it largely; 1 do not
suppose that anybody understood me as intend-
ing to state with accuracy and precision that n
census had been taken, and that the proportion
had been found to be so. I supposed that the Sen-
ator himself would understand it to be a compar-
ative estimate. What I meant to say was that a
large disproportion of the effective war force of
Kentucky, from the beginning, has been against
the Government. That I believe.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator still adheres to
the assertion that three fourths of the men ofKen-
tucky able to beararmsare in the rebel service. Al-
low me to tell the Senator that he never was more
mistaken in his life. I am astonished that he is
not more conversant with Kentucky (ftiairs. I tell
the Senator again, that three fourths of our men
who are able to bear arms are not in both ser-
vices; and 1 tell him again that, from the best in-
formation 1 have, more of them are ill the Union
Army than in the other army. 1 admit that our
people are divided. I admit that they are in both
armies. That is an unfortunate state of things. I
regret the division. The State is now being torn
and injured in every material interest, in conse-
quence of the armies of both sides having been,
as some of them are, upon our soil.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator will allow
me 
Mr. POWELL. I desire to yield every cour-
tesy to the Senator, but I really do not wish to be
interrupted at every sentence. I jvill hear the
Senator at this time.
Mr. MORRILL. What I desire to put to the
Senator is, whether it is true or not that from the
start, from the outbreak of this rebellion, the ma-
jority of the active military force of Kentucky has
'been against the Government and with the con-
federates.
JMr. POWELL. The Senator, so far from'de-
fending the position which I was assailing,'seems
to be getting up interrogations for me. That is a
matter about which there is a contrariety of opin-
ion. If he means force in the field, certainly the
fact is not so; for comparatively few of our mea
