66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
have been in arms against the Government. There
are a good many, I grant, but more have been in
anns in favor of the Union.
But, sir, there is a course of debate here which
is somewhat distasteful to me. If I take the liberty
of assailing the Administration, or an officer of
the Government for violating the Constitution of
my country,innuendoes are constantly thrown out
by Senators on the other side about loyalty and
patriotism; and references have been made to my
late colleague. If gentlemen on that side of the
Chamber desire to make the impression that I am
not loyal to the Government which I am serving,
I wish they would say so plainly, and not attempt
by innuendo and hint to convey the idea. If they
say it directly, I will meet it in such a manner as
will prevent any debate in this Chamber upon that
subject. -That is all I have to say on that point.
I desire -Senators to meet my arguments. I in-
dulge in 110 personalities, no innuendoes, no hints
to weaken the force of the argument of any Sen-
ator. I do not think it is legitimate in debate, or
in accordance with parliamentary courtesy. I
think it ill becomes this place. 1 have averred
that the President of the United States and his Cab-
inet ministers have violated the Constitution of my
country. 1 have instanced the cases in which they
have done so. It is legitimate for the friends of
the Administration to meet the argument, and to
overthrow it if they can; but they shall make
nothing in favor of their rotten and tottering cause
by leading us from the argument by intimations
assailing me personally. There are other arenas
than this for settling personal difficulties. I trust
never to have personal difficulties m this Chamber.
I certainly will give no Senator cause to make per-
sonal assaults on me; but if it is tendered, I hope
I shall meet it like a man. That is my object, and
that is my determination. So, away then with
the Senator's innuendoes and insinuations.
The Senator has chosen to tell the Senate that
I have been opposed to this war and opposed to
coemon. The Senator might liave spared him-
fiilf that labor; it is known to the whole Senate,
it in known to the people of the entire country,
as far as 1 boy choose to read anything that may
fall from the lips of so humble an individual as
myself, that I was opposed to coercion. It is fur-
ther known that I have been opposed to the war
from the very beginning. 1 opposed it, because I
thought the War would result m the destruction
of both sections of the country. 1 believed that
the war was a wedge of disunion that would for-
ever split these States asunder, and I desired to
perpetuate the Union, the constitutional Union,
as oar fathers gave it to ua. Peliovmg that war
wa.i a disunion element, and that it would ulti-
in Uf'ly tend to the destruction of the Union of the
Stales and the oveithrow of the Constitution of
my country, as an honest man I said so. I have
b« en opposed to the war. Whether 1 was light
in that or not, time must determine, if I was
wrong, if you should restore the Union and the
Cwn.Uitutioii by arms, J, like an honest man, will
aJniit mye'tror. Till then, I will Maintain the
hone:;t convictions of my judgment. I bebeved,
3VJr. Pre->id<'nt, that you could not keep the Stales
of tiii-y Union together by aims, 1 believed that
in she outset we could have done it by concession,
by compromise. I believed the Crittenden amend-
ments to the Constitution would have settled all
of our difficulties, and prevented the bloody and
cruel war in which we ate now engaged; and con-
sequently they had my hearty, warm, cordial sup-
port. I have advocated every measme of peace-
able adjustment, and will continue to do so! }Jut
r;r> inuoii enraged are these gentlemen with those
who are for peace; so violently art they stirted up
at the idea of blood and carnage, snuffing the bat-
tle afar oil*, as they do, that they assail every man
who was for settling our duiicuiues by pny other
m<-aiiS than the swotd. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Wright] own went so far as to impeach
the loyalty of my colleague [Mr. Dams] a few
minutes ago, (foi he could have referred to no-
body else,) because my colleague saw fit, in his
place as a Senator from a sovereign State 01 this
U-.i^n, to pioposo a resolution providing for a :
cr-Llolenee ui the StaU-s to settle ihe^e djlieulues.
How to settle them ? Look at the ^solution, it
is for the purpose of lustoring the Union. The ,
object of that lesolution, expressed upon its ;
face, is not to separate the States. * |
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator will allow me to !
say a word. I certainly did not design to be un-
derstood as impeaching the loyalty of the gentle-
man's colleague. 1 referred to the resolution of
which 1 spoke as one of the evidences, among
others, that during the progress of this war meas-
ures were introduced which I regarded as unfor-
tunate, and not calculated to strengthen our arms.
I have the utmost confidence in the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] and I certainly did not
intend to impeach his loyalty.
Mr. POWELL. Well, then, the Senator re-
gards the resolution of my colleague as an unfor-
tunate act, and not calculated to strengthen our
arms, and therefore regards it- as a disloyal act.
That is his explanation substantially.
Mr. WRIGHT. No.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator was speaking
about disloyalty when he made the allusion. How-
ever, I will take the Senator's denial. 1 leally
thought the resolution was proper, and whenever
it comes up I shall vote for it; and I shall propose
further so to amend it as to have an armistice dur-
ing the session of that convention, if it ever shall
be called, I think we should do everything to
settle these difficulties by peaceful means. 1 am
opposed to this lampant warspirit which thwarted
the efforts of those who were for compromise and
adjustment upon a basis which would have been
just to all sections of the country; which would
have satisfied the southern people, who are now
in revolt, and would not have taken from the
northern States any of their rights—civil, 1 el igious,
or political. I think the two sections should have
met in a spirit of compromise, and adjusted thrir
difficulties; and I believe that cue long the whole
country will be of my opinion. I said before the
war commenced, that if you attempted coercion,
what we now have upon us would follow; that the
people would be loaded down with taxation; that
heavy indebtedness would ensue; and that both
sections of the country would finally be prostrated
and ruined in all their interests, social, moral, and
material. That is my judgment to-day. Believ-
ing that, being devotedly attached to the Union
and the Constitution of my country, I have ever
advocated such measures of adjustment as I
thought were available for that object. Relieving
that war was not a means towards that end, I have
opposed it; and I should have been a dishonest
man if i had not opposed it, believing, as I did,
that it would lead to the destruction o'f my coun-
try, to the final severance of theStates, and to the
overthrow of the Constitution of the Republic.
The Senator from Maine says that i rejoice in
the lecent victories of the Demon acy of the N01 th.
Sir, Inning been a life-long Democrat, believing
that the Democratic party in this country is the
only party that had the strength, ability, and ca-
pacity to administer the Government in such a
manner as to add to the honor, the glory, and the
dignity of the Republic, and preserve the Consti-
tution with all its guarantees uniinpaiird, I have
ever desired that it should be in the ascendency;
and m this dark hour of our national difficulties,
I must confess that when I heaul of these victo-
ries which spoke in thunder-peals the voice of the
people of the free States, from the Mississippi to
the cataract of Niagara, my heart did leap with
joy. Let me tell the Senator that in my judgment
such triumph never was obtained by any political
oigamzation since the institution of free govern-
ment.
The Senator twits me because I have arraigned
the President with hawng violated the Constitu-
tion. i have defied him to the lists upon that sub-
ject; and now, sir, I will state specifically some of
the instances in which lie has violated'it, and I
defy the Senator to the contest before the Amcii-
can Senate.
The President informed us, by his message at
theextrasession ofthis Congress,that he had added
something like forty thousand men to the regular
Army, and something bke twenty thousand men
to the Navy of the United Steles; I do not nretend
to give the numbers with exact accuracy. In that,
the President plainly and palpably violated the
Constitution of the country, because it is written
in the Constitution thatCongress shall il raise and
support armies,5'and "provide and maintain a
navy." I have heretofore asked for the consti-
tutional wai rant of the Piesident to add those men
to the regular Army and Navy. I am not now
speaking of the three months men whom he called
out. He had a right to call them out. I have
heretofore attempted to maintain before the Sen-
ate that these additions to the regular Army and
Navy were not necessary, because the volunteers
that came here saved the capital, if it were saved
by force. I should like to know of the Senator
if these two acts were not violations by the Presi-
dent of the Constitution of his country.
The President undertook about that time to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus. I regard that as a
gross violation of the Constitution, because I hold
that the habeas corpus can only be suspended by
legislative act; but upon that point I know there is
contrariety of opinion. ThePresident, through his
Minister of War, through his Secretary of State,
through his provost marshals,and throughhismil-
iiary commanders of posts throughout the length
and" breadth of this land, has made arrests of citi-
zens and imprisoned them, which certainly is con-
traiyto the Constitution and laws of the country,
there being vested in that officer no power to make
an arrest. While the Senator was reading my
speech, I wish he had read the question which I
propounded to the Senate, and answered it, and
undertaken j at least, to show the constitutional au-
thority by which the PresidentorhisCabinet min-
isters, orany of his military officials,by hisauthor-
ity,can make an arrest of a citizen. In that, the
President has violated the Constitution, because
the Constitution prescribes distinctly howarrests
shall be made. The Constitution confers upon
another and distinct body of magistracy the power
of arresting and committing to prison citizens who
infract the laws, and prescribes the mode and man-
ner m which it shall be done. The Constitution
requires the President to see that the laws be
faithfully executed, which he has not only failed
to do, but has by these arbitrary arrests violated
the plainest provisions of the Constitution.
The Constitutition of your country secures free-
dom ofspe^.h and the liberty of the press. That
is a plain constitutional provision. ThePresi-
dent of the United Stales, through the instrument-
ality of his sub-officials, has cloven down the free-
domof speech. Men have been arrested because
. they uttered their honest convictions against his
: administration of public affairs; and now some of
them, perhaps, are languishing in prison. In that
he has violated the Constitution of his country.
The President, through his Postmaster General
; and others,hastaken away theliberty ofthepress,
i This day a large number of the papers of the
j country are refused circulation through the mails;
| and many of them in the city of New York, in
; the city of Louisville, in the city of St. Louis,
1 and elsewhere, have been suppressed altogether.
■ Does the Constitution not sccure these men in
their rights : Have not the President and his
officials invaded the freedom of the press? It is
n fact notorious to the whole country. That, cer-
tainly, is a violation of the Constitution, for the
Constitution guaranties freedom of the press. I
think the President and Congress have violated
the Constitution in enacting the confiscation bills
011 your statute-book; but on that point there is
< a contrariety of opinion; and I do not intend to
j urge spec.ally anything on which there is a con-
j tijiiet}'- of opinion.
i Then, in the next place, the President, by a
| proclamation issued on the 22d of September,
undertakes to emancipate the slaves of the coun-
i rry, ox* declares that he will do it at a certain
, time. If lie carries out that proclamation, his act
; will be in plain and palpable violation of the Con-
s stitution of the United States; and I need butrefer
| to the President's inaugural address, and to the
! clause of the Chicago platform which he quotes
i in that inaugural address, to prove the fact; be-
: cause the President there announced, as clearly and
j distinctly as it is possible to state any proposition,
I that the institution of slavery is a matter of do-
j mestic concernment, and is left to the people of
| the States alone to regulate and control it, to es-
! tabhsh or abolish it, and that the General Gov-
I eminent has nothing to do with it. That is the
! doctrine of the inaugural address, and the very
converse of it is the doctrine of the President's
pioclamation.
Then, sir, the President issued a remarkable
proclamation two days after that, on the 24th of
! September. I regard the first as a proposition to
  fi-t e slave negioes, and the last as a proposition
: to enslave white men, because it suspends the writ
1 of habeas corpus throughout the whole country.
1 I will read a part of the proclamation, because I do
