1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
February 16,
its usual and ordinary appropriation for Indian
ecrvice. It is rather a remarkable fact that in rcf-
erence.to the Territory of New Mexico, with fifty
thousand Indians iiut—morntlmn double the num-
ber of Indians in any other Suite or Territory 
a bill of this character is reported to the House
without containing ail appropriation of the first
cent or the first dollar for the support or mainte-
nance or management of the Indian affairs of tiiat
Territory.
And it is a little remarkable, also, when the fact
is known that during the last year $227,000 worth
of property belonging to the people of New Mexico
have been taken to subsist these Indians, because
they have not been provided adequate means of
support by the Government. It is a little re-
markable that this thing occurs when the official
records of the country show that during the last
year forty of the people of New Mexico have
been killed, six been wounded, and nine or ten
of them taken into captivity by those Indians.
If any such consequences had resulted from any
Indian tribe within tlieState ot'Tcnnessee, instead
of rising upon thisfloornnd raising objections, his
eloquent voice would bo heard startling the feeble
blood of age, and nerving the infant arm to be as
strongas steel; and he never would have ceased his
efforts until he had vengeance upon the aggressors.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to state another
fact. I am not envious of the good fortune of
other people. ' Thank God, there is nothing of
that disposition in me. But I can say that although
the people of New Mexico are poor, thank God
they owe nobody anything. Poor and humble as
the Territory is, it does not owe « single dollar,
cither from its territorial treasury or its county
treasuries.
A word or two now in relation lo the Indians
in the State of Oregon and the Territory of Wash-
ington. There are only half the number of In-
dians there that exist within the bordeis of New
Mexico. Look at your appropriation bills for
Indian purposes for the Inst ten years, and you
will find that you have appropriated $4,000,000
for Oregon and Washington, while your statute-
book shows that, for the same length of time, you
have appropriated only $500,000 for double ihe
number of Indians in theTeintory that 1 have tin-
honor to represent.
I d_o not say this for the purpose of provoking
criticism upon those expenditures. 1 do not say
that the amount expended in Oregon and Wash-
ington has been excessive, or wrong, or unjust;
but I do say that the Territory of New Mexico has
ajust right to expect from this Congress, when
an estimate has been regularly made and sent here
from the appropriate Depaitment of the Govern-
ment, asking that an appropriation shall be made
for Indian purposes in that Territory, it shall re-
ceive some consideration and some suppoit from
those who prefer justice to money, and are in favor
of rendering right to a distant ami oppressed peo-
ple. j
Mr. MAYNAIlt). Mr. Chni rmun, eloquence |
is one of the fine arts always, and one of the use- |
fu! arts sometimes. I do not know that it is ne- j
cessary to expend a great amount of it over this j
appropriation. As 1 understand the liistoi y of it, !
some years ago an appropriation of §50,000 found j
its way into tlu- appropriation bill for the benefit I
of the Indians in New Mexico. We had no tiea- I
ties wilh them at that time, and my recollection \
is that it was represented that it was necessary, I
preliminary to making treaties, that we should \
have a fund to keep them in oider. The appro- |
priation once made, tiie Department estimated j
for it from time to time, and have estimated for it i
again. We have 110 treaties with the Indian tribes |!
there, and the Committee of Ways and Means !
did not think that the sum of $50,000 should be i,
annually expended out there, without anything to I
indicate on what it was to be expended and miller j;
no treaty stipulations. The expression in the es- !.
timates is " for general incidental expenses of the ;
Indian service in New Mexico." Very "gen- !
eral" certainly it is, but "incidental" to what i
does not appear. It is for " piesents, goods, ng-
ricuitura! implements, and other useful articles "
Whether that includes " whisky" and oilier like |!
articles, I am not prepared to say. "And to as-
sist them to locate in permanent abodes and sus- !:
tain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life." -i
The committee thought tins entirely too vague •
and indefinite a mode of appropriating money,:!
and therefore they have recommended an appro-
priation of the sum of §50,000, which has already
been passed upon, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to negotiate treaties with such tribes, in-
ckulinjr those ill New Mexico, which it may be
desirable to have treaty stipulations with; and
when those treaties have been negotiated, and
when we reduce our relations witli the tribes in
New Mexico to something like the relations which
we have with the Indians in other portions of the
country, we shall then know what we are appro-
priating for. But this general sum of $50,000 for
tliis very general, vague, and indefinite purpose,
sustained by the very fine and flowery exhibition
of oratory that we have- had from the gentleman
from New Mexico 
Mr. WRIGHT. I call the gentleman to order.
His remark is personal. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The remark is complimentary.
Mr. MAYNAItD. Well, I will promise that
whenever I speak of my friend from Pennsylva-
nia and his eloquence, I will say that it is neither
flowery nor fine.
Hut, sir, 1 wish to speak seriously upon this
subject. The Committee of Ways and Means
thought that this appropriation in this form had
better besuspended,and have introduced,as I have
already stated, another item, which has already
been added to the bill. I feel constrained, there-
fore, to oppose the amendment.
Mr. WATTS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the sum one dollar.
The CHAIUMAN. The gentleman cannot
move to amend his own amendment.
Mr. WATTS. Then I withdraw it, and renew
it. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that is
hardly m order.
Mr. WALKER. I propose to strike out the
last word of the amendment. I am opposed to
this amendment and opposed to this bill, and upon
the principle that we have no light to be voting
away money here for old and uncertain claims,
when we are not able to pay undisputed claims.
My idea has been ever since 1 have been in this
House that we have voted away millions on mil-
lions which we ought not to have voted in the
present condition of the country. 1 think the idea
should be present to our minds every moment
that we are in our scats here that the country is
in a state of extreme peril, is in a state of great
financial exhaustion, and that we need every dol-
lar in oider to do that which it is necessary to
| accomplish now,and thatoldand uncertain claims
j should be postponed to another and more fitting
| occasion. 1 think it an outrage upon the people
j that we should be voting away millions on mil-
| lions of their money on these claims and for these
I purposes which are not immediately identified
j with the great struggle in which we are engaged.
] Mr. VVATT8. Mr. Chairman, as my friend
| on the right was not speaking to my amendment,
it ih not necessary for me to say anything in re-
| gard to the aigument lie has adduced. I wish,
; however, to pay my respects for a few moments
I to my fnend from Tennessee on the left. I do not
I profess to have any of those accomplished graces
! of oratory which have fallen to the lot of the dis-
tinguished gentleman who has been indulging in
criticisms upon myself; but there isonethiugJ do
profess to be able to do. I do profess to be able
lo speak the truth, and to speak it feelingly, nnd I
hope that sensible and intelligent men who have
honesty of purpose can appreciate that. j
Now, Mr. Chairman, another word or two in j
relation to Indian affairs in New Mexico. We j
are not incumbered *n that Territory, nor is the j
Government incumbered, with any humbug idea i
that the Indians have a title to the soil because j
they roam over it in chase of the buffalo or the J
deer. We are not incumbered with any question j.
of title, because when we acquired the whole of j!
that two hundred and fifty thousand miles from J'
the republic of Mexico, that republic had never j;
recognized any tide to the soil in the Indians from ]|
the mere fact of their having roamed over the
territory. Hence wo are not embarrassed with !!
any questions of treaty stipulations for indem- !i
nity ur payment for their right of sod. All we !j
have to do is to keep them within proper limits jl
and prevent them from plundering the people of ;j
New Mexico, and to provide that they shall not !'
be compelled torcRortto plunder to support exist- ,1
ence. We ask nothing from the Government of
the United States except that it will keep the knives
and tomahawks of these Arabs of the plains from
the throats of the peaceable citizens of New Mex-
ico. And I tell you truthfully and plainly thatif
the Government, which pretends to take these
Indian tribes under ils paternal control, does not
do its duty, and protect the white citizens of New
Mexico, they have a summary method of protect-
ing themselves. Now, Mr. Chairman,! ask any
candid and fair-minded member why, in the name
of all the gods at once, [laughter,] every other
Indian tribe is to be provided for except the fifty
thousand Indians who are within the Territory
of New Mexico? Is there any good reason for
it? Can it be justified or defended for a moment
by any fair-minded man?
Now, lot me correct the history of the gentle-
man frc*m Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] a little. He
has undertaken to enlighten this committee as to
the existence of treaties with various Indian tribes
in New Mexico. He lias undertaken to say that
the Government has no treaties with those Indian
tribes there. If it be true, then the more shame
is it to the Government for having, ever since the
acquisition of that Territory, omitted to have the
limits and boundaries of the people out there and
of the Indians defined, so that there might be a
possibility of executingthe intercourse law. More
shame is it, after the repeated efforts which I have
made in this House to have a bill passed for that
purpose. Points of order and objections of one
kind or other have always sprung up and pre-
vented it.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I propose
that the Delegate from New Mexico shall have
unanimous consent to address the committee for
five minutes longer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object.
The question being on Mr. Watts's amend-
ment,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, and Sargent, were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 52, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come m after line four hundred and nine-
teen:
For reappropriation of the <=um of $10,268 84, being their
proportion of the sum of £35,060 10, part of the permanent
annuity of $25,001), payable lor the yours 1854 and 1855, as
per filth nrticlc ot the treaty of June 5, 1854, carried to s>ur-
plits fund of June 30. 1855.
I'or ^appropriation ofthe sum of $19,811 25, boing their
proportion of the sum of $36,080 10, part of the permanent
annuity ol' $-25,000, payable lor the years 1854 and 1855, as
per fifth article of the treaty of June 5, 1854, earned to the
surplus turn! of June 30, ]£5.">.
On the 5th of June, 1854, a treaty was entered
into with the Miami Indians. That tribe is di-
vided into two parts. A portion of them remains
in the State of Indiana, and the other portion of
them is in Kansas. The annuity payable to the
tube as a whole was $25,000. In the fourth arti-
cle of that treaty, the Miami Indians relinquish
and forever absolve the United States from the
payment of the permanent annuity of $25,000,
payable under the treaty of October 23,1826. And
the fifth article contains the following:
It is hereby understood and agreed respecting the per-
manent annuity of §25,000, that the <aui Indians hliall re-
ceive the same lor the years 1854 and 1855, but no longer."
The annuities for those two years have not been
paid. On the 15th of December last, this House
adopted a resolution requesting the Secretary of
the Interior to inform the House whether they
had been paid, and he reported that they had not
been. The matter was referred to the Judiciary
Committee, which examined it and made u report
recommcndmg payment. I will ask for the read-
ing of the repoi t.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the letter from the Secretary of the'lnterior in reply to the
resolution of the House inquiring whether the permanent
annuity of $25,000 a year, for the years 1854 and 1855, had
been paid to the Miami tribe of Indians in accordance with
the provisions of the treaty therein named with sani tribe
of Indians, leport:
'•That the sum of,$36,0S010 of said annuities,for the year 
1854 and 1855, was, at the close of the fiscal year 1855, car-
ried to the suipius fund and not paid to said Indian*, vanl
that the sumo has n«;ver been i^appropriated or paid In-
asmuch as the fifth article of the treaty of June 5,1854, e* 
pres«ly provides that the same shall be paid, (sec Statutes
