68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
sons why the Democratic party succeeded in the
late elections. I believe that the people through-
out the whole Union—North,'West and South—
scrutinizing the action of the Republican party
since it came into power, has come to the conclu-
sion that it is radically disregardful of the Con-
stitution of the country and of the liberties of the
people. They objected to these illegal arrests.
They were appalled when the President issued
his emancipation proclamation. Their alarm was
still further increased when the last proclamation
was issued, undertaking to sqspend the writ of
habeas corpus, and to authorize the trial by courts-
martial arid military commissions of persons not
in the land or naval service. When they came
to read the reports of the committees of investi-
gation of this Congress, they were struck with
horror at the profligacy of the Administration,
and at the frauds and thefts that had been com-
mitted upon the Treasury. Take the reports which
have gone out from this Congress, and perhaps
there never was exhibited in the history of the
world more flagrant and outrageous plunder and
fraud on the public revenues than those reports
attest. These were the causes upon which the
Democracy, so far as I was able to understand,
arraigned the Administration in the late canvass
in theStates to which I have referred; and I was
not an inattentive observer of those issues.
I have thus briefly alluded to the issues that I
understood to be affirmed, and upon which the
Democracy triumphed: and allow me to say, now,
Mr. President, in commendation of the gallant
Democracy of the North, that since there have
been struggles going on for civil liberty, I regard
their triumph in those States as the grandest moral
victory the world has ever witnessed. What was
the condition of things when they entered that con-
test? The Republicans, two years ago, had car-
ried each one of those States by overwhelming
majorities; they were possessed of the Army;
they had eight or ten hundred million dollars at
their command for annual expenditures; they had
offices innumerable to give; newspaper,* advoca-
ting Democratic principles and Democratic men
were suppressed, in many cases refused admission
in the mails; their orators were seized and thrown
into prison. Notwithstanding all these difficul-
ties the Democracy entered the lists as bold and
fearless champions of constitutional and civil
liberty. 1 remember thatduung the last session,
when a few individuals had a Democratic meeting
here and sent forth an addiess to the people, the
very incipient meeting tlmt brought forth that ad-
dress caused censures to come down in this Senate
Chamber upon those gentlemen as hatching some
kind of devilish treason, and Senators here were
brought to their feet and called upon to explain
what connection they hod with it. Amidst all
that terrorism, against powersuch as an Adminis-
tration of this Government never had to wield be-
fore, they entered the canvass sustained alone by
their love of constitutional and civil liberty, rely-
ing upon the majesty of the laws, and with the
violated Constitution in their hands they appealed
to the freemen of thoir States to rally under the
Democratic standard, and the people nobly came
to the rescue, and those who had violated the
laws, the friends of the Administration, were over-
thrown; and Senators of the Opposition,allow me
to tell you that while you continue to disregard
the Constitution and the rights and liberties of the
people such victories wili be won as Song as there
is an election to take place. A grander and more
sublime moral triumnn the world has never known
-—a triumph of constitutional and civil liberty
over usurpation, power, fraud, venality, and cor-
ruption.
The gallant Democracy entered the contest
against most fearful odds; una wed by power,
scorning the allurements of office and Government
spoils, they pressed nobly on, and proudly and
nobly rescued a violated Constitution from the
hands of ruthless despoders. The friends of
constitutional and civil liberty throughout the en-
tire laud will return them heaufoit thanks for the
noble stand they have taken, for the glorious vic-
tory they Lave won.
Gentlemen may try to { vnde if, and say th^so
were not the issues. Why, .sir, in the Empire-
State of New York we know the issue was made
squarely upon the last two proclamations of the
President, among othpr things. I remember that
a very targe meeting,at Brooklyn, dswiI a reso-
lution directly condemning thfe President's eman-
cipation proclamation as unconstitutional and
wrong in every form; and their gallant standard
bearer, Mr. Seymour, took that position, and Mr.
Wadsworth, the Opposition candidate, took the
opposite ground. The result is before you. The
Democracy triumphed; and, sir, I do expect the
same result will soon follow in Connecticut and
some States furthernorth. 1 believeNew Hamp-
shire holds an election next spring. I expect
Democratic victories all the way along up to the
Canada line from this time forward.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator pardon me a
moment? . •
Mr. POWELL, I am nearly through.
Mr. CLARK. I want to say to him that some
of our men were taken by Stonewall Jackson a
short time ago, and paroled 
Mr. POWELL. I am sorry they were taken.
Mr. CLARK. He gave them this advice: to
go home and vote the Democratic ticket, and that
would end the matter. [Laughter.]
Mr. POWELL. That may be. If that will
end it, I hope everybody will vote the Democratic
ticket; for I want to end the war and restore the
constitutional Union. I want the war to cease,
the States to be reunited, and the Constitution,
with all its guarantees, restored everywhere; but
if the war is to be carried on, as I suppose it will
be, I want it carried on within the Constitution.
Mr. President, i have said all that I desire to say
on this subject. I trust that in the remarks whieh
[ have submitted, while I have spoken with a little
zeal, I have not been uncourteous to anybody. I
do not desire to be so. I desire, however, to speak
plainly and candidly what I think, without in-
juring the feelings or sensibilities of any Senator.
I accord to all the freest privilege of criticising
any and everything I say. If I think the Chief
Magistrate of the nation violates the Constitution
of my country, it is not only my right but my duty
to say so, without being obnoxious to a charge of
disloyalty, as the Senator from Indiana seems to
indicate. He thinks that a man who is against
the Executive is not loyal. Sir, I hod supposed
that a man's loyalty was to be tested by his devo-
tion to the Constitution and laws of his country,
and n<>t to an individual. I have no doubt that
when Csesar crossed the Rubicon, to overthrow the
liberties of Rome, his followers said that that man
was a traitor who doubted the will of Caesar. I
have no doubt thatwherever constitutional liberty
has been stricken down by the hands of tyrants,
they have put the same speech in the mouths of
their followers.
1 differ toto ccelo from the Senator from Indiana
as to disloyalty. I claim to be loyal to the Constitu-
tion and laws of my country, but I owe allegiance
to no man. I claim that liberty can only be pre-
served by being loyal and true to the Constitution
and laws. I will trust no man with my liberties,
I care not how wise he may be. So far as I am
concerned, I will trust the liberties of myself and
of those who aie to come after me upon no less
wouhy a bottom than the Constitution, and the
laws made in pursuance thereof. I will not trust
the executive power to keep the vigils of liberty
for me.
Gentlemen may sink the Constitution and shout
for the Executive who choose to do so, but 1 shall
never be guilty of that kind of man-worship. If
the President does right, if I think his conduct is
calculated to promote the interests and welfare of
my country, and is in accordancc with the Con-
stitution, 1 will applaud him, he will be entitled
to my applause: but if I think he does wrong and
is violating the fundamental law of the land, it is
my duty as the Senator of a free State to con-
demn him, and that I will do, I hope always re-
spectfully.
I hope, Mr. President, this resolution will pass;
and I hope that the Senator from Maine, who was
exceedingly courageous this morning, will not let
these two unfortunate men of Delaware suffer
because of any indiscretions I may have commit-
ted in advocating a resolution asking information
touching their arrest, by means of which I hope
and oeueve they will be released. He h d better
nfortuoate gen-
me than upon those
tlf 11.
Air. PESSEIvDEN. Mr. President, the debate
upon the resolution has taken quite a wide range,
much ' 1 •   '
• VI1 U.C lUOUlUHWU liUf* S£LU LC <1 \V 1UU UlUgfr',
uch wider than, perhaps, would seem to bene-
a«ery from its ^pparvu' object. 'I'he Senator
from Kentucky has gone largely into the consid-
eration of the acts of the President since he has
been President of the United States. He has also
taken occasion to talk about the recent Demo-
cratic victories. I believe he introduced that por-
tion of the discussion into the Senate. I am one of
those who had hoped that, in the present state of
the country, as little would be said as possible
about political parties. Sir, I believe that the
President of the United States has given the best
possible proof that he could give by his acts, es-
pecially his appointments, that he was disposed,
m this great crisis, to forget that there was such
a thing as a political party in the country; and
yet, sir, theft is dragged into this debate evidently
with a design of getting up a political discussion.
Sir, I shall not follow in that line; I allude to it
simply for the sake of saying that when the Sen-
ator from Kentucky talks about the triumph of
the Democratic party as a moral triumph, I am at
a loss to understand what he means. It would
seem to me to be a misnomer, a contradiction in
terms, a thing that none of us who have known
anything about the Democratic party in its recent
exhibitions of patriotism, could lay claim to. A
moral triumph, was it? My friend from New
Hampshire, in the anecdote that he has told us,
has illustrated what kind of a moral triumph the
Democratic party has gained.
Now, sir, with reference to the pending ques-
tion,it is.as I said before, of itself narrow; butthe
debate has taken such a range that it is necessary
we should follow it to a certain extent. W ith refer-
ence to the arrests that have been made bythe Pres-
ident, or under the direction of the President—ap-
parently, I am willing to say, without law—much
has been said in the country. It has been alleged
by gentlemen representing the Democratic party—
the Democratic element as it calls itself, though for
the credit of many men who claim the name of
Democrat, I am willing to admit that they do not
unite in the appellation as at presentused—that all
taoseactsare entirely unjustifiable. It is said that
these arrests have been made without warrant of
law, have been made in violation of the Consti-
tution; and we have heard this cry of danger to
the Constitution continually and continuously. I
am free to say that I am influenced somewhat in
the results that I come to with regard to the dan-
ger felt, by looking around and seeing where this
cry comes from. I hear a long, low howl upon
this subject, and when I look to see, and to con-
sider from whom it comes, the quarterfrom which
it comes, and the kind of pack that make it, I ap-
prehend just as much as 1 should if I heard it in
the woods from a pack of wolves. What are the
newspapers in the country from which you have
heard this cry that the Republic was in danger?
Newspapers that have taken occasion to denounce
this war and to express their sympathy with the
rebellion from the beginning, and in every way
that they dared to do it to throw obstacles in the
way of its suppression; men who are as well un-
derstood by their neighbois, by thoseaboutthem,
by those who know them best, to be at heart in
sympathy with the rebellion itself, as any other
fact is understood that perhaps cannot be proved
by legal evidence in a court of justice. Is it not
so, sir? The Senator's own observation, if he will
look around him, would convince him of that fact.
What 1 should blame the President for, if I were
to undertake to find fault with him at all in refer-
ence to this matter, is that he has not been quite
strong enough in his action with regard to political
presses. 1 have always held to the doctrine that
if you strike at all, you should strike the strong
and not the weak. If there has been a failure any-
where, it has been in not attacking the great heads
of the disaffection instead of the smaller parts of it.
It' it had been my fortune or misfortune to hold
the power to strike in such a case, I would not go
down to the bottom or even to the center, but I
wouid strike at the top; and if I found a paper,
whatever its power in the country, that was boldly
advising the general of the Army to seize the Gov-
ernment into his own hands, I would take that, and
not trouble myself about smaller fish.
But that is neither heie nor theie, sir. The
question is, whether any great wrong has been
done ? 1 have alluded to the newspapers thathave
been making this cry. The supporters have been
of tt>e same description. And, coming into this
Chamber, the honorable Senator from Kentucky
will allow mc to say—and I mean to say it in par-
