1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
liamentary language—that there are gentlemen
here who have manifested more solicitude about
the rights of individuals than they have about the
great interests of the question at issue, so far as
we may judge from their speeches in this Cham-
ber. Far be it from me to be so unparliamentary
as to intimate that they do not feel all the interest
that I feel. I can only judge by what they say,
and by what they do not say; and I repeat, sir,
that I am afraid their solicitude for individuals is
greater than for the vast mass of the community
who are engaged in this struggle.
Well, sir, what is the question ? Allow me to
allude to it parliamentary, with reference to its
exact position. As the resolution would-stand,
with the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Indiana, perhaps there would be no
very great objection to it. it would be simply a
respectful call upon the President, thatif he, who
has authorized these arrests, thinks it advisable
and consistent with the public interests, we should
like to know his reasons for such an act. Sir, m
that there is nothing disrespectful to the Presi-
dent; there is, on the contrary, an implication that
we trust entirely to his judgment; and, trusting to
his judgment and hisdiscretion and his good faith,
if, in the exercise of it he thinks fit to communi-
cate the information to us, we should like to know
it. It is the ordinary form.
Senators will observe that the construction of
our Parliament, if I may so call it, is a peculiar
one. Ministers do not come here; the Secretaries
have no seats upon this floor; and no person con-
nected with the Executive can sit here. In the
English Parliament,it is otherwise; and the ordi-
nary course, upon an occasion when information
is desired with regard to an act of the Govern-
ment, is, if I understand it, for some member of
Parliament to give notice of a motion that on such
a day he will move that information be communi-
cated, and that any papers in the possession of
the Government be presented in relation to a par-
ticular transaction. Then the minister of the
crown, one who knows what the reasons are m
reference to it, will express his opinion that it is
or is not advisable; that in the present condition
of public affairs, perhaps it would not be well; or
that the motion had better be deferred; and, as a
general rule, on that opinion given,the motion is
dropped, unless in very extraordinary cases. We
adopted a different policy, and we adopted it be-
cause of the diffeientsituation ofthingshere. We
do not send, except where here and there we want
ordinary information that everybody knows may
be communicated without difficulty, a peremptory
order to the Secretary of State, or of War, or of
the Navy, to communicate certain information at
all events—that is what is asked for here—but,
trusting to the executive Government,especially
in matters of delicacy and matters of difficulty,
we respectfully ask, as we are in duty bound to
do, that the President will communicate the in-
formation, if it be not inconsistent with the public
interest so to do. That is the duty which is to be i
expected from us to the great head of this Gov- |
crnment; and I hold that he is the great head of i
the Government—because this isagreat Govern- j
ment—and the President, being chosen by the peo- i
pie for a great place, is therefore to be treated with ]
respect on all occasions. Our usualcour.se, I say, *<
is to ask him, if consistent with the public inter- j
est, to communicate the information. If the res- i
olution with regard to this matter had been ori- |
ginallv worded in that way, I presume there would j
have been no objection to it; but it was peremp- i
tory. The question now comes up on the mere j
motion to amend. I presume that motion will be >
adopted; and then gentlemen will judge for them- !
selves whether there is anything difficult about it. 1
The question then comes up on the adoption of i
the resolution. I do not accuse the honorable i
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] of any j
desire to introduce this resolution for the sake of '
making political capital. I am willing to take him ;
at his word; and taking him at his word, I ask ;
his attention to one or two considerations. j
Sir, had this taken place in time of peace, in the j
ordinary position of things in this country, no-
body would hesitate, perhaps, to call it an outrage, '
inexcusable, that any man should be arrested by ■■
order of the Secretary of State, or the Secretary ;!
of War, even acting under the direction of the :!
President; but the Senator must acknowledge, j!
what the people of this country sec and feel, that '!
, we are in a rnostunexampled condition ofourpub-
| lie affairs. He must acknowledge that in times
I like these, of necessity many things must be done
; and may be done with propriety that could not
! be done in the ordinary condition of things. He
I must acknowledge that when a nation has a war
! upon its hands like this, an internecine war, one
| portion of the people divided against another—
i and, as my honorable colleague has said, with
! traitors in every State in the Union, mixing up
I everywhere—it is not a time to stand upon trifles,
i or to exact too strict an account of our rulers, of
j their doings, so long as we are satisfied that they
| mean to do what in their judgment the public
j good requires. Is it not so, sir? And I undertake'
to say that the Senator is too carcful of private
rights who follows every slight infraction of them
into the executive chamber for a motive in times
when no man hardly knows what or who his
neighbor is, and when, as he must confess, the
ij country is, as it has been for months, trembling
!j upon the verge of ruin,
I Now, sir, if it is admitted that I am right, and
, that my colleague is right in what he has said on
. j this subject, let us look at matters a little liberally.
j: Does any man undertake to doubt the patriotism
j; of the President of the United States? Does the
!; Senator from Delaware, or his colleague, or the
|i Senator from Kentucky, undertake to say here,
J or to intimate that in all his acts he has not been
| governed with a single view to the good of the
country and to the suppression of this rebellion;
ij that he has willfully violated any private right—I
[j mean violated it, if you call it a violation—in
|i opposition to his own belief that it was absolutely
'! necessary for the good ofthe public that he should
|j do so ? Is that charge made ? I have not under-
II stood it to be made or intimated from any quar-
jj tcr. We have heard much from the honorable
| Senator from Kentucky about violations of the
jj Constitution, but wc have not heard an intimation
: j_ that there was any proof, or any ground to sup-
pose that in any act of the Executive, there had
i! been any willful disregard of the rights of any
ij individual.
II Sir, there is a little mistake, in my judgment,
| as to the responsibility under which the President
!j labois. The Senator from Kentucky will allow
j: me to tell him that the President does not take an
■| oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, but that he will 44 preserve, piotect, and
,j defend" it; that is the language. The honorable
I, Senator will reply to me by asking, can he pro-
tect it by violating it? Certainly not ordinarily.
I1 We, and all other officers of the Government but
the President, swear to support the Constitution
of the United States; he swears to preserve, pro-
tect, and defend it. I am not to be put in the po-
sition of saying that therefore he has a right to
violate it. I say no such thing. What 1 do say
\\ is, that his paramount duty is to preserve, pro-
' j tect, and defend it; and if an occasion arises when,
jj in order to preserve, protect and defend, that
i; great instrument without which the Union dies,
,i he is compelled in his judgment to violate the in-
i[ dividual rights of a citizen for a time, can any
;i one suppose that he ought to hesitate for a single
ij instant in doing so? I know that gentlemen ap-
| i peal to that clause of the Constitution which says
'\ that no man shall be dopnvtd of life, liberty, or
jj property without due process of law; and they
ij Infer, if the Piesident arrests a man without due
process of law, that he has deprived him of his
liberty. Grant it; but suppose that in his judg-
ment, and in the judgment of all other men, a time j
has arrived when it is necessary that some of the |
individual rights secured to the citizen by that 1
great instrument should be violated, or that he t
should be deprived of them for a time in order to j
preserve the instrumentitseif, is it not the duty of I
the President at once to take the step? I think no S
mencanhesitateaboutthat. Tiie oilier day I put a !
question to the honorable Senator fiom Kentucky, [
who is one of the best-natured and most amiable ■
men in the world, as I judge, and to that ques- !
tion I tried to get an answer. My question was !
whether, in a like case, if he were President of i
the nation, and there was no other mode in which j
he could prevent the commission of a great crime ,
which would be injurious, deadly perhaps, to the J
nation itself, but by interfering with the rights of J
a citizen, he would so interfere. Well, sir, after i
a little talk, in which the honorable Senator exhib- !
iicd very considerable fencing skill, being: obliged «
to answer directly, he substantially said that he
would not. I will never vote for him for Presi-
dent. [Laughter.]
Let me put another question to him. You-have
no right, sir, as a private individual to deprive any
man of his liberty; but suppose you had very good
reason to believe that one of your neighbors in-
tended to murder another; you believed it in your
own mind from certain indications known to your-
self, and there was no way as you thought to pre-
vent it but by putting the strong hand upon him
and holding him in your own possession, under
your own control, in violation of law, without due
process of law, would you not do it?
Mr. POWELL. Does the Senator wish an
answer ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can do as
he pleases about that.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator wishes an an-
swer, I will tell him precisely what I would do in
such a case. If I had reason to suppose that a
man was about to assault the Senator and that the
assault would result perhaps in his death, if I could
not give information to the Senator I would seize
the man if I had the power; and, furthermore, I
would kill him rarher than see him murder a
peaceable, unoffending citizen. I should not un-
dertake to seize him and carry him off to prison;
I should have no right to do that; the law points
outthe mode in which aloneit could be done; upon
an affidavit, before a magistrate, showing proba-
ble cause, he might be committed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think the Senator will
go a little further. I think if he had a good stout
rope he would, on his own responsibility, tie the
man, and keep him tied until he could deliver him
into the hands of the law, or until the danger was
past.
Mr. POWELL. If he had committed no of-
fense I could not deliver him into the handsofthe
law; if he had committed an offense I could.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are certain modes
known to lawyers by which we can prevent by
legal process the commission of crime, if we show
probable reason to apprehend it; but suppose
there was no such legal evidence; suppose there
was only the conviction in his own mind, arising
from certain circumstances that might seem to
others to be inconclusive, that this en me \\ as about
to be committed, and could only be prevented by
lus taking power into his own hands and restrain-
ing a man by force, would he not doit? Certainly
he would. I know the Senator too well to sup-
pose that he would not do what every man of rifiht
feeling under the circumstances would do. If it
is so, and if that is a plain duty, how much higher
duty rests upon the President of the United States
to protect the life of the nation by taking the law
into his own hands, under the oa<h he has sworn
to preserve, protect, and defend it?
lias the Presidcntdone any more than this? for
I am talkingof him; notof the Secretary of-War,
or of the Secretary of State, or anybody else. Has
there been anything more than this? Gentlemen
do not pretend it. Well, sir, no crime may have
been committed; there may have been no inten-
tion to commit a crime as defined in the statute-
book; but let us take another illustration, one that
was alluded to by thehonorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr* Sherman] the other day. Take the case of
the members ofthe Maryland Legislature. The
President believed, and the world behoves at this
day—so far as the world knows anything about
it—that those members of the Maryland Legisla-
ture meant, if they got together, to take that State
out of the Union, and carry it into secession. No-
body doubts it. I ask the Senator if he had been
President of the United States, under the same cir-
cumstances, would he not have prevented their
meeting ?
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to correct the
honorable Senator on that point, if I may be al-
lowed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. There was no evidence of
that sort that was made public at the time, or
that has been made known up to the present pe-
riod. it is a mere matter of surmise. I do not
know what tho facts are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I grant ail that, and that
is precisely the ground on which I am arguing.
1 say that although there was perhaps no legal
evidence of their intention, which would be ad-
missible in a court of justice, there was evidence
