1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
important that a treaty should be made with these
Indians in the Territory of Colorado. About half
of that Territory is now owned and occupied by
these Indians, at lfeast it is claimed by them; and
that the portion of the Territory thus occupied
by Indians comprises some of the richest mines
in the Territory, and our miners have gone into
those mines and are working them.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to say'one word.
We have really already provided for this case.
We intended to specify appropriations for par-
ticular treaties, but the Department thought it
better that we should make an aggregate appro-
priation of $50,000, and leave the matter open to
them to make such treaties as might appear ne-
cessary, and we ha?e pursued that course.
Mr. BENNET. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if §50,000 is all that was asked
for for the purpose of malting these treaties?
Mr. STEVENS. The Department thought
that it would be all they would require.
Mr. BENNET. If that is the case, I with-
draw my amendment.
There being no further amendments offered, the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee then proceeded to the consid-
eration of bill of the House (No. 732) malting
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1864.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I propose to tres-
pass upon the attention of the committee for but
n single moment while this bill is up. I desire to
correct a statement mnde by the gentleman from
the Galena district of Illinois [Mr. Wasiibukne]
during my absence from the House; and I avail
myself of this, the first occasion timt presents
itself, to make that correction. I ask tin; Clerk
to read the passage which I have marked in the
speech of the gentleman from Illinois, as reported
in the Globe.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Tlic Speaker Miiely could not Imve known It; lie did
not know that there wo to eight million people in the Noi til-
west, to whom he did not j ivo ;\ single representative on
the Committee of' Ways ami Means^ which shape* all the
Important legislation touching theii intciests on that com-
mittee."
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, to the eight
million people in the Northwest were assigned
three members of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I read from the published list of com-
mittees as they "were organized at the beginning
of this Congress: they were JTohn 1'iielps, of
Missouri; Valentine B. IIorton, of Ohio; ami
John A. McClernand, of Illinois; making three
out of the nine members assigned to tluit poition of
theUmon, to which I am charged with notgiving
one member. In addition to that, the chairmen
of the Committees on Commerce, on Public Lands,
on Indian Allans, on Territories, all charged with
important subjects dear to that section of the
Union, were assigned to that eight million peo-
ple. 1 read from the same list: chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, Euiiu IS. Wasiiburne,
of Illinois; chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, John F. Potter, of Wisconsin; chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, Cyrus.
Aldricii, of Minnesota; chairman of the Com-
mitteeonTemtones, James M. Ashley, ofOhio;
chairman of the Committee on tlu> Post Office and
Post Roads, in which that region of country has
as much interest as any other, although not a spe-
cial one, Schuyler Colfax, of Indiana; and the
chairman of the Committee on Militai y A (Fans
was F. P. Blair, jr., of Missouri. So, Mr. Cluui-
man, if there be any just cause of complaint, it
ia not on the pait of the States coinpnsmg the
Northwest. Almost each one of them has the
chairmanship of an important committee. While
Illinois was assigned a member on the Committee
of Ways and Means, she was also assigned a
member on the Committee on Military Affairs
and one on the Committee on the Judiciary; that
pet measure of the Northwest, the ship canal, had !
a member from Illinois on the Committee on Iloads j
and Canals, to wnich it belonged. ]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I only desired to correct j
the statement of the gentleman from Illinois, i •
am not ignorant of the enterprise and surin.gen- I
ergy of the people of that section of the Union,
and i did not wish such an imputation to go forth
to them as that I did not deal faidy and justly by
them. I have passed over their prairies. 1 know
something of their resources. I know something
of the empires which they have built up in the
wilderness. And if there be any section of the
Union that has any cause of complaint in the or-
ganization of the committees of this House, it is
not the Northwest.
I call attention to the fact that under the rules
of the House committees are formed for a Con-
gress and not for a session, as they used to be, so
that the Speaker has no control over committees
when formed, save to fill vacancies. When Gen-
eral McClernand went into the field there was a
vacancy in the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Speaker could not remodel the committee, he
could only fill that vacancy. It could not be filled
by a Republican—for there were already six Re-
publicans on that committee—without doing gross
injustice to the minority of the House. It must,
therefore, have been filled by a member not of that
political faith. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] came here. His long service in
this House had fitted him to take that position,
and the Speaker assigned him to fill the vacancy
on the Committee of Ways and Means. This
much, Mr. Chairman, I thought it due to myself,
and due to the fairness thatcharactcrir.es the pro-
ceedings of the House, to say in self-vindication.
Mr. COX. I would like to say, in response
to what fell from the distinguished member from
Pennsylvania, that there has been no complaint
on this side of the House in regard to the forma-
tion of committees; and there has been no com-
plaint really from the Northwest. The distin-
guished gentleman has designated this canal pro-
ject as a pet project of the Northwest. Now, as
wasstated here the other night, amajoiity of the
members from the Northwest did not vote for
that measure.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Chairman, I have no de-
sire to enter into a discussion in regard to the
matter that has been brought to the attention of
the committee by the Speaker, i desire simply
to call the attention of the committee to the fact
that my colleague, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] whose re-
marks have been read at the desk, is not now in
Ins seat.
Air. FJENTON". And I beg to remind the gen-
tleman from Illinois that his colleague made
those remarks while the Speaker was not in the
Hall.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the Indian appiopriation
hill to the House, and that I may move to close
general debate on the miscellaneous bill.
The" motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Air. Mallouv reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the.
Union had had the Indian appropriation bill un-
der consideration, and had directed him to report
the same back to the House with sundry amend-
ments.
Also, that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate on the
miscellaneousappropiiation bill close in ten min-
utesafteritsconsideration shall have been resumed
m the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I now offer the following res-
olution:
Ucsohcd, That on and aftei to-day the House will take
a reee^ fjom four o'clock, p. m , to seven o'clock, p. 111..
unless otherwise ordeied hv a majority ot the members pres- !
eat at the tune ot teeej-s."
Mr. WlCIvLiFFE. Does that apply to the
remainder of this session ?
The SPEAKER. " Unless otherwise ordered."
Mr. W1CKL1FFE. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
Air. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering the resolution.
Air. WICIiLlFFE. On that I call for the yeas
ami nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 33; as follows:
YKAS—Motsrs. Aldricii, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Deaijian, Bingham, Jacob I>. Blair, Samuel S. Bluir,
Blake, WiUiaui O. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell, Casey,
Chamberlain, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Conway,
Covode, Cnsfield, Davis, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton'. Samuel C. Fessenden,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot. Frank, Good-
win, Granger, Guiley, Ilairison, Holman, Hooper, llorton,
Hutchms, Kelley, Francis W. KeUoggr, William Kellogg,
Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mcludoe, McKean, Mc-
Knighr, McPhcrson, Maynard, Moorhead, Jusun S. Mor-
rill, Nixon, Noell, Ohn, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pome,
roy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Rob-
inson, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellahaiger, Sherman, Sloan, Bpauiding, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Stratton. Benjamin F.ThomaSjI'rancisThom-
as, Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van, Horn, Van Valken-
burgh, Van Wyek, Verree, Walker, Wallace, Wheeler,
WJialey, Albert S. White, Wil&on, Windont, and Worces-
ter—97.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Aucona, Calvert,Clem-
ents, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Gndei, Ilall, Harding, Johnson,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, La'/.ear, Mallorv, May, Menzies,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Price, Segar, Sliy^I,
Smith, John 15. Steele, Stiles, Wad&woith, Chilton A.
White, Wickhfl'e, Woodruff, and Yeauian—33.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the resolution in-
troduced.
Mr. ALDRICH. Is the resolution open to
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ALDR1CH. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing half past fouro'olock instead of four o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to the
resolution being modified in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot mod-
ify a lesolution coming in under a suspension of
the rules.
The question was taken on Mr. Aldrich's
amendment, end it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out the words " on and," so as to
make it read u afterto-day."
The amendmentwas agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PPJZIS MONEY.
Mr. COX. I desire to offer a resolution
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the Louisiana election case. Gentlemen
will bear me witness that I have exercised a large
degree of patience about it.
Mr. COX. The resolution which I desire to
introduce is m regard to prize matters.
Mr. DA WES. If it does not occupy any time
I will yiofd.
Mr. COX. I wish to offer the resolution which
I tried to offer here before in regard to the prize
cases. There is a general call in the newspapers
and throughout the country as to the disposition
of prize money. The resolution will be too late,
if not acted on very soon, to have any response
to it this session. /
Mr. SEDGWICK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. COX. I want to have my resolution
in trod uefd.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I shall object'to it. The
whole information sought by the resolution will
be brought before the House to-morrow morning
in a very voluminous report from the Secretary
of the Navy.
Mr. COX. I offer these resolutions. I know
that they are very longtuid full, but they are so
necessarily.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I object to their intro-
duction.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist on my question
of privilege.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield until the main question shall
have been ordered on the Indian appropriation^
bill, and we can take the vote on it to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. 1 yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of the
Indian appropriation bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I nowcall up the Louisiana elec-
tion cases.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken*
