1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quire into the authority of this military governor,
is dangerous in its character and tendency. It
reminds me of a point that was once made in the
English House of Commons by a distinguished
namesake of his about two hundred years ago, in
relation to a similar matter. It is, sir, a remark-
able fact that while that feature in our Constitu-
tion making this House the sole judge of the re-
turn and qualification of its members is of English
origin, it is also true that that Parliament which
recalled Charles II, and afterwards proceeded to
enact some of the mostimportantlegislation in the
history of England, was called together without
writs; and that the Parliament that deposed James
II, and installed the Prince of Orange upon the
throne, and afterwards enacted some of the most
important legislation that has passed down into
our own institutions, was called without a writ.
In one of the discussions about the legality of
those proceedings, the historian says:
11 Much was said about the history of writs; much about
the signification of the word Parliament. It is remaikable
that the oiator who took the mo?>t states.rnauhke view or
the subjcct was Old Menard. In the civil conflicts of fifty
eventful years ho had learned that questions affecting the
highest interests of the Commonwealth were not to be de-
cided by vei bal cavil*, and by scraps of law French and law
Latin j and, being by imivei^al acknowledgment the most
subtle and the ino-st learned of English jurists tie could
express what he felt without the risk of being accused of
ignorance and presumption, lie scornfully thrust aside
an frivolous and out of place all that black leuei learning,
which some men, tar les&veised in -nich matter than hun-
selt, had introduced into the discu^Mun. 1 We ate,'he said,
i at this moment out of the beaten path, ft", thoicforc, we
are determined to move only in that path, we cannot move
at all. A man, in a revultmonresolvingtodwnotlnugwhich
is not sttietly ueeordn g t>  established fo m, resembles a
man who has io^t himself in a wilderness, and who stands*
crying,'* where is the king's high wav r i will walk nowhere
but in the king's highway." In the wilderness a m>in should
take the track which will carry him homo. In a revolution
we must have recourse to the highest law, the safety of the
State.'"
Mr. Speaker, I do not quote this to approve of
it, but to dissent from the conclusion to which it
goes. To approve of it would be inconsistent
with that dissent which I have formally entered to
that policy or argument of necessity, upon which
the President and the present administration eeem
to be basing most of their conduct in the admin-
istration of the affairs of the nation.
I suggest, however, that wc are in the wilder-
ness, we are in revolution, and if we see a road
before us, which, although not the beaten path, is
yet a road which, by the powers vested in us by
the Constitution, we can appropriate and erect
into a highway for our legitimate purposes; let us
now do it with a view of restoring the Union.
Mr. Speakct, I ask gentlemen to consider where
tins argument about proclamations and wnts will
lead them. What is the objection made in this
case ? It is that these gentlemen are here without
any legal or constitutional proclamation, or writ
of election to sustain them in their claim to seats
here. Where does that argument lead to? it
means not only that they cannot come here with-
out such writ and such proclamation, hut it must
mean, if it is good for anything, that such writ
and such proclamation, when issued, are conclu-
sive m thi^ House? Is that true? The contrary
is true. This House has frequently admitted
members upon this floor, not only withouta writ,
not only withoutaproclamation, but against writs
signed by the Governor of States and sent here
under their great seals. By virtue of what power
is this thing done? it is, sir, by virtue of the
power vested in us to be the judges, the highest
and last judges of the qualifications, returns, and
election of'our own members.
Gentlemen here exclaim, if you admit these
gentlemen to seats under this mihtaiy proclama-
tion, w-heie is the virtue and independence of this
Assembly? I would sny that if they weie ad-
mitted here by virtue of that pi ocUmauon we
would be prostituted, we woulu be subjugated;
but we admit them here by virtue of our right to
decide two things that have been decided tune and
again by this liouse, and decided time and again
contrary to tile decisions of State authorities. The
first question is, has an election been held? and
the next, who was chosen at that election ? I
would say to gentlemen that the very constitu-
tional power that enables us to admit these gen-
tlemen to seats upon this floor is our safeguard
in the future. If wc admit them, and then the
military power sends forth its edicts, issues its
proclamations, and sends its minions and tools
here to do its bidding, if they obtain seats upon
this floor will it not be our own fault? Will not
that same provision of the Constitution which
makes us the supreme judges of the election, qual-
ifications, and returns of members, under which
we admit these gentlemen, enable us to exclude
all others in such supposed cases? Evidently it
will. What is the history of this thing? The
king of England, when he got tired of his Parlia-
ment, could prorogue them and send them home;
when he wanted another Parliament he could
issue his writs to have them elected, and summon
them together; and in„the early history of the
House of Commons, unfortunately for the inde-
pendence of that body, these writs were directed
to sheriffs, who made the returns of elections, and
those sheriffs were appointed by the king to do
his hiddingand return such men as might suit his
pleasure. Then it became necessary for the House
of Commons to pass a law, to which it finally
obtained the royal assent, declaring that the House
should be the judge of the election and qualifica-
tions of its own members. That was the origin
of the clause in our Constitution.
jN"ow what has been the action of this House?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stiles]
asks me to cite a case. I will read some of the
eases which I have collated, and from which I
have extracted the points that throw any light on
this subject.
In Sundry Electors vs. John Bailey, who was
returned elected by the certificate of the Governor
of Massachusetts, this House determined he was
not elected because he was not a citizen of Mas-
sachusetts, but a citizen of this District. Here the
House not only decided against the certificate, but
went outside the record and inquired and determ-
ined a matter dc hors the record.
In the case of David Baird, of Pennsylvania, he
was admitted to his seat—although the votes were
not returned at the time and place required by the
law of Pennsylvania—it being clear that he re-
ceived more votes than his competitors. Here a
formal and directory provision of a State law was
neglected and yet the member admitted.
In the ease of Basseit vs. Bayley it was charged
and proved ihata shorififcontinued the polls longer
than allowed bylaw, and this House went behind
the certificate to inquire of that fact and the legality
of certain votes.
In Turner vs. Baylies the Governor returned
Baylies elected, and Congress recounted the votes,
and admitted his competitor, Turner.
In Spauldingrs. Mead this House decided that
" the i ei urns fi om State authorities are only prima
facie evidence of an election, but not conclusive
upon this House;1' and held further that although
the votes of three counties "were not transmitted
to the Governor in season to be considered by him,
and were originally good, lawful, and constitution-
al voles;M they weie counted by Congress, and
though Mead was returned by the Governor of
Virginia, Spauldma: was admitted by this House.
In Wiight vs. Fisher the Governor of New
York ccitified Fisher, and this House recounted
the vuUs> and admitted Silas Wright.
In Twigg vs. Preston this House tried and
passed on the question raised, whether the pres-
ence of United Slates soldiers unduly affected the
freedom of the election. The committee reported
m the affirmative, and the House decided in the
negative.
In Adams vs. Wilson this House corrected a
count of votes, and admitted the contestant to his
seat.
In I3iddie and Richard vs. Wing it was held il it
is on the certificate of the Governor that a delegate
takes his S'-at in this House. To enable the Gov-
ernor to grant a eeiuficate an election must be
held. The officers of the election must certify the
result in their several districts to the canvassers,
who must certify to the Governor. They are all
ministerial officers, and error committed by any of
them, either through mistake or design^ is to be cor-
rected by the House."
I admit that jn very many cases the conformity
of the election to the State laws has been in ques-
tion, and this House has often determined a chum
to a seat adversely because of a want of such con-
formity; but it has been as often determined that
nonconformity in formal and directory parts will
not vitiate, when the election is fair in other re-
spects, and it is cl^ar how a majority of the votes
went. And whethei theelecison has been regular
or irregular, the decision of the State authorities
has been frequently reversed, a>nd the Hou^e ad^
mitted a contestant. In all these cases tire material
point is, not how any case is decided, but that
Congress has the undoubted power to decide all
such questions. They decide whether an election
has been held at all; and if so, who has been
elected.
In 1836, Michigan Territory, having organized
a State government, applied for admission into the
Union as a State, with her Senators and Repre-
sentative already previously elected. Congress
passed an act to admit her on condition that a con-
vention of the people, called in compliance with
fihe act of Congress and an act of tho Territorial
Legislature, would accede to certain propositions
mentioned in the act of Congress, aboutthe bound-
ary between Michigan on the south and Ohio and
Indiana on the north. The convention assem-
bled, and rejected the propositions. Another con-
vention assembled, of delegates designated and
e m powered at prim/in/ assemblies of the people, and
accepted the propositions. And Congress, being
satisfied that the latter convention truly represented
the wish of the people, accepted and ratified its
action, and admitted the State. There were but
four dissenting votes in the Senate, and John
Qaiincy Adams voted for it in this House. This
case illustrates the rights of the people, the ratify-
ing power of Congress, and the fact that two Sen-
ators and one Representative may be admitted here
to represent a State that was not a State when they
were elected, and who represent a State and a peo-
ple whose territorial limits were notthesame when
they were admitted as when they were elected.
The case covers the whole ground of this one, and
even more. In that case Congress, in terms, rat'
ified what had been done.
California was admitted into the Union with
her Senators and Congressman previously elected,
and ail done by the people without any enabling
act, and without any authority of law except the
power of this House to ratify what had been done,
lri these territorial cases, the members were not
elected under any of the provisions of the Con-
stitution enabling Congress to prescribe the times
and places of elections, for Congress had made
no such directions; nor upon the ground that they
were elected according to State laws, which Con-
gress says may be passed, for there was no State
to pass such laws; nor in compliance with the
section empowering the executives of States to
issue writs to fill vacancies, for there was neither
a vacancy nor a Governor to issue a writ. But
they were admitted upon the broad ground of the
right of the people to be represented, of the right
of this House to judge of elections, returns, and
qualifications, and of the undoubted power of any
legislative body to ratify and approve that which
it might have originally authorized or directed to
be done. The law of Louisiana provides—
" That in case of vacancy, by death oi otherwise, in the
said office of Representative, between the general elections,
it shall bo the duty of the Governor, by proclamation, to
cause an election to be held according to law to fill the va-
cancy."
The whole clause is directory. When the elec-
tion is held, the member does not derive his au-
thority from the clause or from the proclamation
or from the writ, but from the election which is
to be held "according to law." That require-
ment, "according to law," is the vital, operative
part of the clause. The Governor may designate
one day or another day, but on any day the elec-
tion must be held according to law. The Consti-
tution is not only a part, but the highest part of
that law. How does the Governor cause an elec-
tion to be held ? By permitting or authorizing the
electors to vote? Certainly not. The Constitu-
tion gave them that right. What is an election?
It is the expression of (he people s choice. Who
holds the election? The sheriffs. And when the
Governor issues his writ to them to open the polls
on a certain day, does the right of suffrage ori-
ginate with that writ ? If so, the Governor may-
defeat the right by refusing the writ. His writ is
to designate a day for the convenience of the peo-
ple, and to secure publicity. It is certainly his
duty to issue it; and if he does, he may fix one"
day as well as another, and the day fixed is good.
But if he refuses, or if there is no Governor, has
the right of representation expired or lapsed ? Evi-
dently not; because it was not derived either from
the wtit, the proclamation, or the State law em-
