1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
ing'in their education, and in discharging those
domestic duties which are essential to the comforts
and contribute to the endearments of home.
The rebel States,in supplying soldiers for their
armies, have not materially diminished their agri-
cultural and productive resources, while every sol-
dier of our Army has subtracted something from
the resources of the loyal States. The conversion
of one million of laborers into a million of soldiers
has not only diminished to that extent the produc-
tive resources of the loyal States,but it has thrown
upon them, in part, the support and education of
two or three million other persons, who were de-
pendent upon the labor of these soldiers. The
effect of so conducting the war as not to destroy
slavery in the rebel States, is to strengthen them
and weaken the Government. The labor of these
slaves, made freemen by the proclamation, can be
made to support the armies of the Government, in-
stead of the armies of the rebellion. The issue of
the proclamation presupposes, on the part of the
Government, the purpose and power to execute it.
Without this, it would be a mere brutumfulmen,
and as harmless as some of its opponents say it
will be. Our armies must penetrate the territory
of the rebellion, carrying with them this military
order of freedom inscribed upon their banner. If
the Government lack the purpose.or the power to
do this, then it cannot put down the rebellion. If
by our navy and armies we cannot take posses-
sion of the rebel States, their independence should
at once be acknowledged.
It will he argued that if we have the power to
take military possession of the territory of their
States, and defeat their armies, where is the ne-
cessity of liberating their slaves, in order to con-
quer them ? This rebellion is not put down by
simply taking possession of their tenitory, for
the motive for it and the power to continue it
remain. Their armies will scatter; and if our
armies march over their country, leaving the peo-
ple in full possession of their slaves, those armies
will again collect, and, sustained by slave labor,
will still defy the authority of the Government.
Our Union Army will have as many enemies in
their rear as in their front. It would be just as
wise, in a military point of view, to restore to the
rebels their arms and munitions of war, captured
from them, as to allow them to retain their slaves.
They can no morecairyon the war without their
arms than they can without their slaves. The
three million slaves can have no motive to seek
the protection of our lines if they are again to be
returned to their masters as slaves. Wherever
our Army has occupied the territory of the re-
bellious States, even with the uncertain prospect
of freedom winch our policy heretofore has held
out, the slaves, to the extent of their power, have
flocked to our lines. In a recent expedition sent
out by the lamented General Mitchell, merely
touching the main land of Florida, over four hun-
dred slaves followed our retreating army to Hilton
Head. Prompted by that love of freedom which
is never absent from their minds, thousands of
slaves are now within our lines laboring for our
Army, and strengthening our military power, and
weakening that of the rebels. The three million
slaves in the rebel States, under the policy of the
President's proclamation can be made loyal to
the Government, and, under suitable protection,
can be made to contribute to its support. Their
labor will not be lost to the country by being
changcd from slave to free labor, and diverted
from a disloyal to a loyal purpose. If their former
masters become loyal to the Government, and cease
to make war upon it, they can employ them as
free laborers, giving them a just compensation.
The idea that slaves will not work unless driven
to it by the terrors of the lash is doubtless correct;
but freemen will, for they must live. Man only
submits to slavery that he may live, and for this
he will labor, and for this he must labor in some
form. Three hundred and fifty contrabands, with
only one hundred and fifty available laborers on
a single plantation near Hilton Plead, under the
superintendence of a humane gentleman, Profes-
sor Zachos, of Cincinnati, Ohio, have earned for
the Government, during the past season, the gross
sum of $27,00U. They labored faithfully and
cheerfully for the hope of freedom and the expect-
ation of compensation. The rebels understand
full well ihe military power and policy of this
proclamation. No measure proposed since the
rebellion hrokeout has so alarmed and disturbed
them. Witness the debates upon it in the rebel
congress, and the comments of the rebel press. I
will quote one brief extract from the Richmond
Whig:
" These calamities threatened in the capture of our ports
aie gtave enough. One graver, however, and more terrible
than n!l these is to come, if the enemy can get a hold in the
cotton States for putting into operation his emancipation
schemes."
The rebels pretend that this proclamation will in-
vite insurrection among their slaves, which would
lead to indiscriminate slaughter of their women
and chihlren. It will tend to prevent rather than
encourage such an insurrection. Slaves will only
risk an insurrection—which, if it fail, must result
in a terrible death—when they despair of all hope
of freedom from other means. This proclamation,
if a knowledge of it reach them, will hold out to
them the prospect of freedom; and if a knowledge
of it does not reach them, it cannotaftect them at
all. Besides, those slaves will, when emancipated,
be underthe protection and control of the Govern-
ment; and they will not be permitted to do what
the Government would not do under the rules of
civilized warfare. It is useless to disguise the fact
that the President's proclamation, with compen-
sated emancipation m the loyal States, contem-
plates the ultimate extinction of slavery in the
United States. This must necessarily be the effect
of!11fcarried out, and the questions involved in its
consideration should be met and discussed in this
aspect. Slavery would be insecure in the loyal
Slates, with slavery abolished in the States in
rebellion, and slave property would be of little
value.
Evidently foreseeing this, the President, in an-
ticipation of the military necessity which might
compel him to issue an order freeing the slaves in
the States in insurrection, with great consideration
for and hbeiahty to the loyal slave State interest,
on the 6th day of March last communicated to Con-
gress his message recommending pecuniary com-
pensation to such States as voluntarily consent-
ed to the abolishment of slavery. And Congress,
with the same consideration and liberality,adopted
the resolution which the President communicated
with his message. I believe this action was wise
and just. The whole country is, in a measure,
responsible for the existence of slavery, and it
would seem just that the inconvenience and loss
which the loyal slave States might sustain by the
military necessity of freeing the slaves in the rebel
States should be borne in part by all the States.
The Presidentevidently look this view, and Con-
gress concurred with him. Upon the supposition
that this policy of the President contemplates
universal emancipation, the status of the liberated
slaves in the Government must be determined by
an enlightened philanthropy and wise state man-
ship. That such a change as the conversion of
four million slaves into freemen would produce
some inconvenience, imposing new duties and ob-
ligations upon the Government and the people,
must be apparent to any intelligent mind. The
inconvenience will be only temporary, while the
benefits resulting from the change will be as last-
ing as time and enduring as eternity. Every step
of human progress, from the time of the expulsion
of our first parents from the garden of Eden to
the present hour, has been purchased by contest,
inconvenience,and labor: and through these trials
society has struggled up to its present state of civ-
ilization; without them, it would stand still or
relapse into barbarism.
In a speech made last session, in reply to my
colleague, [Mr. Cox,] I endeavored to show that
emancipation nowhere had been a failure in any
aspect in which it could be viewed. I do not wish
to repeat what I then said. The facts which were
given as to the beneficial effect of emancipation in
the West Indies were authentic, and many of them
were from oincial sources; and those facts showed
conclusively the success of emancipation there, in
the improved condition of the islands, and in the
moral and material condition of the liberated
slaves. I gave the following as the reason for dis-
cussing the question then:
" Thr.vo In jelly referral to purees of emancipation
in the West indie*, to refute the intimation of my colleague,
ami because ti:e people ol iht& cnnnti j, m some form, mutt
meet the fact of emancipation. Tin; necessity of it is every
day bejngmado nime ai.fi more appaitnt."
The scheme of colonization to some place out-
side of the limits of the United States is enter-
tained by some as, a means of providing1 for a por-
tion of the liberated slaves. There can be no-
objection to the colonization of such as are willing
to go for the purpose of bettering their condition,
but to think of disposing of four million persons -
in that way is impracticable. Their colonization
is a physical impossibility; but if it were not, to
deprive the country of so large a portion of its
producing population would be ruinous to its pros-
perity. It will require a careful husbandry of all
our productive resources to supply the immense
waste this war has caused.
In 1856, in a slaveholders'convention-at Balti-
more, an effort was made to expel the free negroes
from the State. The proposition was referred to
a committee. A distinguished citizen of Mary-
land, Mr. Pearce, now a Senator from that State
m Congress, made an elaborate report against it, in
which he used the following language :
" Their removal would, as the committee believe, be far
greater than all the evils the people of Maryland ever suf-
feied from them." ■**■** "Theirremoval from
the State would deduct nearly fifty percent, fiom the house-
hold and agricultural labor furnished by people of this color,
and indispensable to the people of the State."
The majority of emancipated slaves, I* think,
must remain on the soil where they now are. The
climate is congenial to them, and they are accus-
tomed to the labor which is most profitable in those
States where slavery now exists.
If permitted to remain there free, if not admit-
ted to the full enjoyment of American citizenship,
they would naturally incline to stay there, and the
free negroes of the colder northern States would
naturally giavitate there, from climatic causes,
and from the fact that they could command higher
wages there.
A few facts from the census of 1860 will con-
firm this opinion. There are more free negroes
in Virginia and Maryland than in any two free
States. There are in New York 49,005, and in
Pennsylvania56,848; while in Maryland there are
83,942, and in Virginia 58,042. Nothing but op-
pression drives negroes to cold climates. Twelve
and one half per cent, of the whole population of
Maryland are free negroes, whom the people of
Maryland have wisely and humanely refused to
banish from the State. If the 87,189 negroes held
as slaves in Maryland were made/ree, the same
motive which has kept the free negroes there will
induce them to remain, contributing to the wealth
and prosperity of the State. This does not imply
that Maryland will admit them to a political or
social equality with her white population. This
is a question for Maryland alone to decide, and
she is competent to determine it for herself.
The emancipation of all the slaves in Maryland
to-morrow would produce no commotion, little
if any inconvenience, no riot, no bloodshed, and
no vagrancy or idleness among her colored pop-
ulation. It was said last winter that all this and
more would happen in this District if slavery were
abolished here; and in a single day three thousand
slaves were converted into freemen, and the Dis-
trict has received a large influx of colored persons
escaping from Virginia since that time; and still
no riot or unusual disturbance has occurred. The
negroes are at work as before, many of them with
their former owners, happy m the enjoyment of
their freedom, and that they can call their wages,
their wives, and their children their own. So it
will be everywhere. Undoubtedly the Govern-
ment should grant the liberated slaves protection
till such time as law and order are established in
the rebel States. I maintain that it is the duty of
Congress, under section four of article four of the
Constitution, to establish over the rebel States
temporary provisional governments, as a means
of guarantying to them a republican form of gov-
ernment. The clause of this article which imposes
this duty on Congress reads as follows:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government."
I am not aware that Congress has ever acted
under the authority of this clause, for the reason
that it has not been regarded necessary, the ex-
igency for its exercise, in the judgment of Con-
gress, not having occurred. The language of this
clause is clearand explicit. " The United Stales
shall guaranty to each State,"&c. The legal def-
inition of guaranty, is an undertaking or an en-
gagement that another person shall perform what
he has stipulated to perform. This clause contains
first, an implied stipulation on the pai t of each
State that it will secure to its citiaens 41 a repub-
