78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Hcan form of government;" and secondly, an ex-
press stipulation on the part of the United Suites,
that if any State neglect or refuse to do this, that
it shall be done by the authority of the General
Government. The meaning of the clause, then,
is, that the citizens of each State shall be secured
a republican form of government in the Union, and
owing allegiance to the Constitution. No «on-
spiracy, however formidable, under this clause,
can lawfully deprive the people of a State of a
republican form of government " in this Union."
The words " in this Union," have great signifi-
cance. They imply that if any portion of the
people of a State shall undertake to set up even
a republican government out of the Union, the
United States will secure to the State, for the ben-
efit of its people and for the benefit of all the States,
such government " in this Union,5' thereby for-
biddingany State from being taken out of the Union
even to establish the same government it may en-
joy in the Union.
Mr. Madison, in the Federalist, writing of this
clause, used the following language:
" In a confederacy founded on republican principles, and
composed of republican members, the supei intending gov-
ernment ought clearly to possess authority to defend the
s>stem against aristocratic or monarchical innovations.
The more intimate the nature of such a union may bo, the
greater interest have the members in the political institu-
tions of each other, and the greater right to insist that the
forms of government under which the compact was enteted
into, should be substantially maintained."
This clause is a clear stipulation that no State
in the^Union shall be a party to a government
hostile to the Government of the United States,
and tears up by the roots the whole doctrine of
secession. Upon the occurrence of the proper oc-
casion for the exercise of this power, " the United
States shall guaranty," &c. It is a mandatory
duty which the Government cannot refuse to per-
form without a violation of its plighted faith to all
the States and the people thereof. The people of
Massachusetts are as much interested in the ques
tion that South Carolina shall have a republican
form of government in the Union as the people of
South Carolina are. This was a stipulation for
the benefit of all the States, for they were and are
all alike interested in the preservation of the Union
and in the integrity of the Government. The po-
litical heresy of State rights, as advocated by J.
C. Calhoun and his school, has heretofore pre-
vented much discussion of the clause of the Con-
stitution under consideration. It may become
necessary, in the progress of events connected
■with the government of the rebel States, to determ-
ine the meaning of the words in this clause,"re-
publican form of government;" and it is quite
questionable whether the constitution of South
Carolina would come within the definition, or
whether any constitution that permitted one half
of the people of a State to enslave the other half,
without fault or crime, would come within the
meaning of this clause. I can not discuss that ques-
tion under the pressure of the hour rule. The
people of the rebel States have conspired to set up
a government hostile to the Government of the
United States, and they punish allegiance to the
Constitution as treason to the government they
have undertaken to establish. They have willfully
conspired to deprive citizens residing in the rebt 1-
lious States of a republican form of government
" in this Union." They spurn the authority of
the United States. They have purposely and will-
fully violated the implied obligations of their States
under the clause I have quoted. They have re-
fused to discharge their duties as loyal States
The exigency, therefore, has arisen for the Uni-
ted States, under the express authority of article
four section four of the Constitution, "to guar-
anty to cach of these States a republican form of
government in this Union."
The power to do this is clearly given, and th
obligation to do if, under the circumstances, I thin k
is equally clear, but the mannerof its execution is
wisely left to the legislative and executive branches
of the Government. The mode of carrying out this
provision of the Constitution—which is as little
liable to objection and abuse as any that occurs
to me—is for Congress to establish over these
States temporary provisional governments, with
a Governor, Legislature and a judiciary, with
limited powers, but ample enough to pioteetail
the people in the enjoyment of a republican form
of government m the Union. Undoubtedly the
President may, under the war power, establish
military governments over these States, for the
protection of loyal people during the war, and for
the purpose of aiding the military power of the
nation in the suppression of the rebellion; but the
authority of this military government should ex-
pire with the necessity which created it. The high
duty of guarantying to these States a republican
form of government belongs clearly to Congtess
as the supreme legislative authority of the nation.
The Executive has his appropriate duties in ap-
proving the legislation of Congress and appoint-
ing the officers authorized by law.
In this way, order will he established in the
rebel States, loyal persons will enjoy legal pro-
tection, including the slaves liberated by the Presi-
dent's proclamation.
The loyalty and labor of the emancipated slaves
will amply compensate for the protection af-
forded, and this policy will be the means of in-
ducing loyal persons to remain there, and invite
others from other sections of the country, and
from Europe, to settle there; for free labor will
no longer be degraded and brought into ruinous
competition with.slave labor. In twenty years,
and perhaps much sooner, the rebel States, under
the policy of the President's proclamation, with
wise and humane legislation on the part of the
General Government, will be more populous,
prosperous,and wealthy than when they rebelled.
The freedom of the emancipated slaves will be
secure, for the Government, in the execution of
its duty, will secure to the people under the Con-
stitution "a republican form of government,"
whereby " no person shall be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law."
It may be the true policy to give up, under the
protectorate of the General Government, one or
more of the rebel States to the settlement of the
freed slaves.
The President's proclamation, whatever may
be the issueof it, makes a new era in our politics,
and marks a new epoch in history. Hencefor-
ward we are to have a Republic 14 redeemed, re-
generated, disnitbrcilled by the genius of univer-
sal emancipation or we are to have a country
weakened by divisions and contests;-or a Govern-
ment—not a republic, for that would be a misno-
mer—blighted, impoverished, and inthralled by
the sin of human bondage. From the commence-
ment of this rebellion it has been apparent that in
the questions necessarily growing out of it there
would be an obliteration of party lines, if not of
party names—a virtual dissolution of old party
organizations. The question upon which par-
ties wto antagonized heretofoie have become
obsolete, oi absorbed in the new issues which the
rebellion has forced upon the country. The four
parties of 18G0 a-re already merged into two. One
is for this piociamation; the other, against it. One
is for freedom, because it is necessary to preserve
the Constitution; the other is for slavery, although
it may destroy if. All the elements of opposition
to the policy of the President are rallying under
the name of conservatism. They should be called
the conservative party. They intend that slavery
shall come out of this contest with as little harm
as possible. Many of them think the rebellion
wrong, unwise, and foolish, and want to see it
put down, but m the manner least calculated to
weaken the political power and pecuniary in-
fluence of slavery. The ''Union as it was" is
the honeyed phrase they adopt to cover the pur-
pose of so ending the war as to restore slavery to
its former status in the Government—a status
which it has entirely forfeited by the rebellion.
They are willing to concede to traitors in arms
what slaveholder demanded m the election of
1660, and ■more, if that will not satisfy them; and
if the rebel S'ates will not return to their allegiance
on thosu terms, they say to them, wayward sis-
ters, depart in pcace." They mean, if slavery
cannot be conserved m the Union, that it shah be
out of it. Slavery, at all events and at any price,
is the real purpose of those who oppose the Presi-
dent's proclamation. The Opposition may not
have a policy, but it has a purpose. Slavery is
the molten calf which it insists upon worshiping,
instead of that living principle of freedom which
our fathers established. With this proclamation
executed, the rebellion will be put down, the con-
flict between free and slave labor will be ended,
and peace will again spread its fostering wings
over the land. I have endeavored to show that,
as a war measure, it is well and wisely adapted to
that end. It should receive the cordial support of
every friend of peace, of every lover of liberty,
and every advocate of progress.
To all who hesitate aboufsustaining the Pres-
ident's proclamation, I commend the remarkable
words of thatgreat master of human passions and
actions, Mirabeau:
"Jf I wrote a book on the military art, the chapter on
enthusiasm should not be the shortest. If I wrote a treatise
on politics, I would treat largely of the art of daring, which
is not less necessary for the success of civil enterprises than
of military operations; and also to try the strength of the
man who leads ; for it is the further or nearer boundary line
of the possible that marks the difference of men.
"In reading history, I find that almost all the faults com-
mitted by the chiefs,of whatever party, un&e from indecision
in their principles, and obliquity of conduct They revolt
by halves; they are faithful by halves; they dare not en-
tirely cast aside duty, nor entirely sacrifice their passions.
The firH steps, which ought to be full of confidence, arc
vacillating and ill-assumed; they arrange aretieat. and take
several road-5 to reach the goal. Aitifiees, that tavoiite re-
source of ordinary politicians, are the effect of this timid-
ity of the understanding or the heart. They negotiate to
disguise themselves, to attiact partisans, while they ought
to walk straight to the object m view by the shortest line.
What is the invanable result? He who wishes to deceive
is deceived; they have iailed in seizing the decisive mo-
ment, and have persuaded no one. As much as extremes
are unwise in the course of daily hfe, so much are half
measuies insufficient in critical events ; and llie most dan-
gerous, as well as the most inconsistent conduct, is to get
half rid of prejudices. But theie aie neasly as few reso-
lute bad men as decided honest ones; and most men want
character."
This proclamation will be strenuously opposed
by every friend of slavery in the rebel and in the
loyal States. Every form and agency of wick-
edness, all the powers of darkness, and all the
spirits of evil will be marshaled against it; every
passion and every prejudice which slavery has
engendered, will, if possible, be kindled into a
flame to defeat it; every element of selfishness,
every art of the demagogue, and every device of
the traitor, will be used against it; every sophis-
try, every fallacy, every false constitutional con-
struction, and every questionable Christian max-
im, which long pro-slavery rulehus invented, will
be brought into requisition to array public opinion
against it; and last, though not least, the " raw
head and bloody bones" of negro equality will
be played anew, as " upon a harp of a thousand
strings," to prejudice the ignorant and selfish
against it. In opposition to all these will stand
the overruling and imperious military necessity
which caused it to be issued; the cool and steady
purpose of the loyal and the true; the convincing
logic of rapidly occurring events; the Army of the
United States; justice, and God 1 Can the result
be doubtful? There is no cause for discourage-
ment in the recent elections. It has generally so
happened that the elections of the second* Con-
gress after the advent of a new Administration
have resulted in the defeat of the party electing a
President. That was the case in 1827, 1835, 1839,
1843, 3847, 1851, 1853, and 3859. This has been
the case in ordinary tunes, when nothing unusual
or extraordinary was required m the action of the
Executive or in the legislation of Congress. It is
a noteworthy fact, which loyal Americans should
seriously ponder, that not only the rebel press, but
the aristocratic English press, which is intensely
jealous of and bitterly hostile to our Government,
find cause for encouragement and hope in the ap-
parent victory of the Opposition over the Admin-
istration in the recent elections.
Among the supporters of a new Administration
there are many who are dissatisfied with the dis-
tribution of patronage, which tends to cool their
political zeal in the second year of an Administra-
tion ; and the Opposition are always quick to raise
a clamor against the policy of a new Administra-
tion, and to gather up all the elementsofoppositioti
to it before its policy has time to be fairly tested.
The rebellion has necessitated unusual legislation
and extraordinary action on the [tart of the Execu-
tive, and this legislation and action have been
marshaled as elements of prejudice against the
Administration, by the Opposition. Under the em-
barrassments surrounding the present Adminis-
tration, and compared with the results of otlur
elections in our history in the second year of an
Administration, there is cause for encouragement
in the result of the elections in the several States.
Delaware and Missouri, by their popular vote,
have unquestionably declared foremancipatiori as
a means of putting down the rebellion, it maiteis
but little what names parties may assume, except
; so fur as a name in popular acceptation may be
