1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
expressive of the principles which a party is seek-
ing to establish.
In this day of intelligence parties will bejudged
by the principles they advocate rather than by the
name they may assume. There are no two words
which more clearly express the principles of the
party supporting the President's proclamation,
than Democratic and Republican. The proclama-
tion, if carried out, will make the Government a"'
democratic republic, while the purpose of the Op-
position is to make it an aristocratic republic, with
slave labor for the body, and a privileged aristoc-
racy for the head controlling it.
The Opposition, claiming to be the conservative,
characterize the proclamation of the President
"radical;" I suppose because itgoes to the root of
the rebellion, and will destroy it forever. A con-
servative, as defined by the purpose of the Oppo-
sition, is one who, with his face to the past, is es-
saying to stop the forward march of socicty; and
if he makes progress at all, it is because he cannot
stop the current of events which is sweeping him
onward, any more than Mrs. Partington could
resist, with her mop and broom, the advancing
waves of the ocean. That conservative " mixed
multitude" of the children of Israel, who lusted for
the fish which " they did eat in Egypt freely, "and
"the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks,
and the onions, and the garlic," preferred again
the servitude of Egypt, with that bill of fare, to
the promised land of Canaan, with the manna for
food which God had given them; but Moses and
Joshua were too radical for that. In like manner
the conservative mixed multitude of the Opposi-
tion prefer " the Union as it was," with that bill
of spoils which the rule of slavery gave them, to
that glorious Union as it will be, with slavery de-
stroyed; but the President and the people are too
radical for that.
The Scribes and Pharisees, who were good con-
servatives m their day, preferred the traditions of
the elders and the Jewish customs as they were
to the perfect liberty of the Gospel as preached by
Jesus Christ; and they, with the " mixed multi-
tude" at their heels, "cried out, crucify him,
crucify him." That wealthy and aristocratic class
of people whom the patriots of our Revolution
called Tories, preferring " the union as it was"
with Old England to the bother, inconvenience,
labor, and risk of an experiment to establish a
free and independent Government, opposed and
clamored against the war, till ovei borne by the
sweeping current of the Revolution. They were
the peace men of that day. They were for peace
on any terms and at any price—for an armistice,
a compromise, or for anything the Buttish Gov-
ernment asked, to stop the cruel and unnatural
war with "wayward" England. They cast the
blame of the war upon their own country—upon
those who opposed the oppressive demands of the
English Government—rather than upon the Brit-
ish ministry; and their memories are now held in
universal execration. Their peace programme
was spoiled by the radicalism of George Wash-
ington, James Otis, John Adams, John Hancock,
Joseph Warren, Patrick Henry, and their copatri-
ots, whose memories are held in grateful remem-
brance by the friends of liberty and progress
throughout the world. The peace party of the ■
Opposition may learn a useful lesson from these
examples of history.
The President's plan, as submitted to Congress
in his recent annual message, of amending the
Constitution in order to putchase the slaves of
all the States, including those in rebellion, is, m
my judgment, entirely impracticable. As a means
of putting down the rebellion, it can have no effi-
ciency. The President seems still to adhere to
the delusion that the rude rebels can be brought
down from their bad eminence by throwing at
them k* tuffs of grass." This may be a harmless
amusement if it does not supersede, and is not
intended to supersede, the throwing at them the
hard stones of war, till they hasten down and beg
the pardon of the United States. If the President's
proclamation is abandoned for this buying-oft' pro-
cess, I fear " we shall meanly lose the last, best
hope of earth." This cannot be the President's
intention, for he distinctly says in his message:
"Noi will the war. not proceedings under the pioclama-
tion oi Septembei -2, be stayed because of the rce-
ommendntum of tins plan."
ft cannot bo necessary, either in the judgment
of the President or of this Congress, to amend the
Constitution to appropriate money for coloniza-
tion purposes; for an act of lastsession, approved
by the President, contained such an appropria-
tion. Neither, in the judgment of the President,
can it be necessary to amend the Constitution to
appropriate money to aid the loyal States in the
abolishment of slavery, for lie says in his message:
"And notwithstanding this plan, the recommendation
that Congress provide by law lor compensating any State
which may adopt emancipation before this plan shall have
been acted on is hereby renewed.'1
I have an abiding faith in the ultimate success
of the President's proclamation of the 22d of Sep-
tember, if the war is faithfully and energetically
prosecuted. I hrfve the utmost confidence in the
power of truth, in the triumph of justice, in the
intelligence and sterling patriotism of the people.
I have watched too long and carefully the growth
of anti-siavery sentiment, and have too much faith
in the teachings of the war, in the ways of Provi?
dcnce, to doubt the final success of this grand
scheme, which, in the termination of the war, will
strike the chains of a cruel bondage from three
million human beings, restore freedom to a race,
secure peace to a continent, and "nobly save the
last, best hope of earth"—the Republic of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. MENZIES. I have, with ail the power
I possess, attempted, where I sat, to hear the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio. Imperfectly,
however, did I catch his language. I understood
him to make certain propositions which I will re-
peat, in order that he may correct me if 1 have
misunderstood him.
I understood the gentleman to say that the op-
ponents of the President's proclamation, and the
policy to be inaugurated by it, were friends of
slavery, to the destruction of the Constitution.
I have not so regarded the enemies of that proc-
lamation. 1 have been m the habit of regarding,
them as thefriends of the Constitution. I under-
stood him also to make the declaration, in sub-
stance, that lie was opposed to the Union as it
was; and in some of his remarks I understood
that he undertook to account for the recent pop-
ular demonstration against the President's proc-
lamation, and the policy to be inaugurated by it,
in various ways. He gave reasons which, no
doubt, were entirely satisfactory to himself, and
the kinds of reasons which have generally been
given by defeated parties. I have", however, un-
derstood fiom other sources that the common
cause assigned for these disastrous results to the
Republican party m the late elections was the fact
thatthatparty wasengaged m whipping the rebels
in the field. and could not, consequently, command
the votes to whip the disloyal m the election.
Mr. RIDDLE, (in his seat.) We supposed the
rebels at home would behave themselves.
Mr. MENZIES. Yes, sir; I suppose so. Mr.
Chairman, there is always some way of account-
ing for the defeat of a party by those who have
suffered defeat. I belonged for a good many years
to a pai ty that was in the habit of being defeated;
and it used to bo said by a paper m my State—a
paper on the same side with me—whenever they
would hear of a Democratic victory, we have
not yet learned the causes of this, but no doubt
they will be forthcoming very soon from our
friends."
Now, I tell the gentleman from Ohio that he
need not deceive himself; the cause of the disas-
ter to his party in the North is the abolition pro-
gramme of the Republican party.
I have never heretofore belonged to the party
calling itself thr> Democratic party. I did rejoice
in the success of the party opposed to abolition in
the late election. I did not withhold my joy be-
cause that party was called the Democratic party.
1 have rejoiced, and I do rejoice in its recent tri-
umphs. But, m joining with that party in the
stand it has taken for the Constitution, I have no
apologies, no recantations to make for my past
opposition to the old Democratic party. Ever
since I have been a voter atpresidential elections, I
have voted against the Democratic party. I voted
for i-Tarri.-onj the candidate of the Whigs, in 1840;
I voted for Clay in 1844; I voted for Taylor in
1848; in 185*2 for General Scott; I voted for Fill-
more in 1856; I voted for John Bell in 1860; and
I trust he may be yet overtaken by his own plat-
form, "the Union, the Constitution, and the en-
forcement of the laws." [Laughter.]
On the 02d ofM.->y l.isf5 I made a short spcech
in this House on the subject of confiscation, in
which I expressed the opinion that new parties
would be formed upon issues made from events
subsequent to the last presidential election. I
understand my friend from Ohio to concur with
me in that position at least. The party of the
Constitution was then being recruited from Dem-
ocrats, from Whigs, from Americans, and, he
must permit me to add, from Republicans. These
were the men who were the most formidable ad-
versaries of the rebellion, because they fought
for the Constitution. When this party was
formed, the majority of its members were those
who had belonged to the old Democratic party.
It is a reasonable deference to that majority, that
their new associates should acquiesce in their old
name.
I understand the Democratic party to stand fair-
ly and squarely against the doctrine of secession,
and its offspring, the southern rebellion. It is
more powerful for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, because it insists upon preserving the Con-
stitution—the only way. to divide the people on
the southern side of the military lines. A firm
adherence to the Constitution, which includes the
doing of everything in our power within the rules
of civilized warfare against the rebel armies, is the
only plan by which we can divide the people on
the southern side of the military lines. Here I
must be permitted to say that 1 can never sub-
scribe to the doctrines of the old Democratic plat-
forms, contained in their reference to the resolu-
tions of 1798and 1799, as understood at the South.
They were not explained in these platforms. The
platforms were understood at the South as pledg-
ing the Democratic party to Mr. Calhoun's inter-
pretation of the resolutions. This idea has done
much harm. It induced the traitorous schemers
for the rebellion to look with hope to the north-
ern Democracy. I know that a large number of
the Democrats in Kentucky understood these res-
olutions to have been indorsed as they were ex-
plained by Mr. Madison. These Democrats are
true Union men, and are in favor of making the
rebels submit to the Constitution. In the North,
I believe, as a general thing, the Democrats un-
derstood the platforms as did the Union Demo-
crats of Kentucky, to whom I have referred.
In 1852, the Whigs and Democrats stood pledged
to ignore the slavery question. In 1854, this pledge
was disregarded. The old Missouri compromise
lineof 1820 was lepealed—a fatal step, which was
justly denounced by Mr. Pill more as the Pandora's
box out of which nothing butevil came. There
was no sense in trying to mak^ Kansas a slave-
holding country. A part and parcel of that effort
was Mr. Buchanan'sLecompton policy. At the
Lecompton point, Judge Douglas began, too late,
his endeavor to counteract themiscluef which was
inaugurated by the repeal. By this act of repeal,
the institution of slavery was made to assume, in
appearance, at least, the aggiessive. The public
mind in the North was aroused against the party
in power. The people of the North did not in-
tend that slavery should be forced into places
where it did not exist. They did not intend that
the slaveholder's "roll of his slaves should be
called on Bunker Hill," as I believe was onco
claimed by a southern Senator. They had been
willing to the execution of the fugitive slave law.
I do not speak of the abolitionists. They had
gained no strength by denouncing the execution
of that law at Bunker Hill. The friends of sla-
very at the South pressed their friends at the
North until at last the Lecompton fraud com-
pleted the defeatand overthrow of the Democratic
party, and produced the election of Abraham Lin-
coln in 18G0.
In 1858, Mr. Lincoln had debates before the
people of Illinois with Judge Douglas. These
performances gave him a national reputation for
ability. In these debates, he made declarations
against the Constitution, and well calculated to
produce disunion if adopted by any party con-
trolling the administration of the Government.
He declared, in substance, that staveholding and
non-slaveholding States could not remain under
the Constitution; that the North must be satisfied
that slavery was in a process of ultimate extinc-
tion before it would live quietly in the Union with
the South. I understand the gentleman from Ohio
to agree to that proposition. The Constitution
gives the North no right to make such a demand.
When Mr. Lincoln made these remarks he was a
