80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
disloyal man; at least he expressed disloyal sen-
timents. He would never have spoken them to
the people of the State of Illinois at large if he had
not been encouraged by the state of feeling engen-
dered by the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and the effort to make Kansas a slavqholding
State, He was nominated for the Presidency, and
those sentiments, advanced in 1858, contributed
largely to the nomination, although his Chicago
convention may not have proclaimed them. In
1862, one if not more of his partisans in Congress
declared that 3Vlj\ Lincoln was bound by his elec-
tion to carry into execution these disloyal views.
In the canvass of I860, prominent Republicans,
those who have gained prominent official posi-
tions, told the people of the North that the South
could not be 11 kicked out of the Union." Now,
gentlemen upon this floor declare that it is neces-
sary to destroy the institutions of the southern
Suites in order to prevent them from keeping
themselves out of the Union, in spite of all the
efforts the North can make to bring them back. As
soon as the election transpired, it was manifest
that some of the southern States would attempt
to go. Mr. Buchanan, the President of the Uni-
ted States, told them that he had no power to
prevent secession. The New York Tribune, and
some of its kindred sheets,advocated separation.
The true friends of the Union were filled with
alarm, and anxious for adjustment. I will not
speak in detail of the various efforts for compro-
mise. I am not one of those who believe that the
adoption of the Crittenden proposition wouid have
prevented the rebellion. But I do believe that
Kad it been adopted the rebellion would have been
comparatively a small affair, and would have been
suppressed by the time the Bull Run battle was
fought. The country would have lost nothing by
its adoption. The Republican party would have
lost nothing. No section could have lost anything
by it at all equal to the injury that was then ap-
parent and inevitable from a failure to adopt it.
There would have been much less " blood let-
ting,"but enough, it may be, to have satisfied the
partisan views of a Michigan Senator.
From the time of his election to his departure
from his home in Illinois for Washington, Mr.
Lincoln had preserved silence. This did not de-
tract from the standing for ability which he had
gained by his contest with Mr. Douglas. But on
that trip his "tongue broke forth in unknown
strains." [Laughter.] He made his way through
admiring crowds, and by forced night marches,
and favored the country with some curious speci-
mens of eloquence. He may have lost something
in reputation for ability, butcertainly notforgood
nature arid honesty. It was clear that he was for
having " nobody hurt," and hoped soon that our
" imaginary" difficulties would be removed. At
his inauguration he spoke for the Constitution.
His address would show that he was for the Con-
stitution, upon the hypothesis that he was an hon-
est man. He found the Government not well pre-
pared fordefenseagamstawarlikePower. During
the late Administration, much had been done to
strengthen the rebels and to weaken the Govern-
ment. Mr. Lincoln entered upon a difficult office—
into a trying position. The difficulties needed an
honest, straightforward man, who would be firm
in his adherence to the Constitution. The rebels
fired upon Fort Sumter in order to carry the border
slaveholding States. The war was begun by the
disunionists of the southern States. An exiraor- i
dinary session of Congress was called. It made
more provision for the war for the Union than the ;
Presidentasked. Italmostunanimously declared j
that the war must be prosecuted to maintain the j
Constitution. The resolution introduced before, j
and adopted the day after, the battle of Bull Run, j
will bear repetition every day as long as the war j
lasts. It is as follows: ■
"That the present deplorable war has her*n loic >c! upon 1
the country by the disunionists of the southern Stairs, now !
In revolt ag.uns-t the conmmtional Government, end m j
arm? around the capital; that m this national emergency, :
Congress, banishing ali feelings of mere passion or resent- '
nient, will i eeolleet only its duty to the whole country; that '
thid war 1-. not waged on then pait in any spirit of oppies- ■
sion, nor for any purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor i
puipo«e of ovei tin owing or interfering with the rights or 1
esuihlifrlH'd institutions of thosse States., hut to deieiid and :
maintain the «upiemaey of the Constitution, and to pre- :
serve the Union With all* the digmtv, equality, and lights of '
the several States unimpaired rand that as soon as those 1
objects arc accomplished the wai ought to cease.'' j
The whole country seemed to acquiesce in this ;
resolution; I mean the country this side of the
rebel lines. For several months our cause pros-
pered well. The progress was equal to any rea-
sonable expectations. Mr, Lincoln seemed to
stand by the country, and to stand out against the
abolitionists. He made progress against the reb-
els, and was denounced by the abolitionists. The
radicals denounced him; and I thought he was
their enemy, and a friend to the Constitution. I*
thought him a poor judge of men, and did not
make good appointments. But in this matter it
may have been difficult to do well during the space
to which I refer. Fremont had been required to
modify his proclamation in Missouri. On that
account the abolitionists disliked Mr. Lincoln.
Fremont had been brought away from Missouri,
which was another cause of dislike. Cameron had
resigned his place in the Cabinet, because of dis-
agreementbetween him and thePresidentin regard
to slavery. That reason was stated by a friend of
ft'Jr. Cameron's on this floor about the time of his
resignation. Fortius the rabids were denouncing
the President. I thought the Constitution had a
friend in the White House.
With a few honorable exceptions, the Repub-
licans in Congress at the last session betrayed the
Crittenden resolution of the extra session. They
were false to the pledge they gave to the country,
! and upon which the Army was brought into tne
field. They passed an act to encourage our sol-
diers to set slaves free, and practically nullifying
the fugitive slave law. They called it an act to
makeanewarticleofwar. Theyabolishedslavery
in the District of Columbia, by an act which
exhibited tyranny and a reckless disregard of the
public Treasury. They passed a bill of confis-
cation and abolition, palpably unconstitutional,
and shocking to the civilization of the age. The
j border State men were given to understand, by
I the sneeches of Republican Representatives, that
i genuine loyalty could not exist among slave-
| holders; that slavery had " brutalized" the white
| people of this country where it exists. Those
Representatives have found, in their opinions,
their own constituents "brutalized" by some-
thing; for their offers to serve in the next Con-
gress have been rejected. 1 suppose they will
say that their constituents have been indirectly
or collaterally " brutalized" by the institution of
slavery. The constituents have more love for our
frame of government than the Representatives.
One Representative from the State of Illinois
boastfully declared that he had told slaves that
" they had as much right to whip their masters j
us their masters had to whip them." Thus he ;
counseled slaves to insurrection. He was not i
rebuked by any Republican at Washington, but j
his constituents have rebuked him. They have {
not given him a complimentary reelection. The :
chairman of the Ways and Moans Committee, !
the man occupying the most conspicuous position !
on the floor of the House, declared that the men i
controlling the Government had the right to ap- j
point a dictator, if they deemed it necessary to !
put down the rebellion. That declaration has, I !
believe, been substantially repeated by him since J
this session commenced. I
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I would J
like to ask th« gentleman from Kentucky when and j
where the chairman of the Committee of Ways ]
and Means made that statement? j
Mr. MENZIES. In a set speech upon a bill j
that he introduced on the first day of the session, j
1 have no desire to misrepresent him; but there is j
the record. j
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania. I have no I
recollection of ir. |
Mr. EDGERTON. I would like to ask the j
gentleman from Kentucky what Representative
from Illinois he alludes to as saying that the slave
has the same right to whip the master as the
master has to whip the slave.
Mr. MENZIES. If I am at liberty to call his
name, I mean Hon. Mr. Lovejoy.
Mr. EDGERTON. i would say that Mr.
Lovejoy is reelected to the next Congress.
Mr. MEIN'ZIES. And 1 said so.
Mr. EDGERTON. [ understood you to say
that he was not reelected.
Mr. MENZIES. No, 1 did not say that.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I beg you pardon;
I misunderstood you.
Mr. MENZIES. The gentleman misunder-
stood mr. I pfid that he had been reelected; but
that I thought it was not a complimentary election
on account of the vote being very much reduced
compared with that by which he has been here-
tofore elected.
I did not intend to misrepresent the venerable
fentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
believe that I am strictly within the record in re-
gard to what I have said about him. Only the other
day, 1 think I understood him to say that he had
grown sick of this talk about " the Union as it
was and the Constitution as it is," and to assert
that Congress is that power which was alluded to
by him at the last session as having the right to
appoint a dictator; that Congress is the " sover-
eign power" in this country. His views, before
the last session ended, were adopted by his party
in Congress. It was clear that they did not de-
sire to make the South submitto the Constitution.
They desired to make the South submit to the
North; that is, to their party. Now, that they
learn from the recent elections that the people of
the North do not desire the southern people to
submit to anything but the Constitution, you will
find some of these radicals, before a great while,
advocating separation.
It was believed by some, before the close of the
last session of Congress, that the President would
yield to the radicals. Some still entertained hope
in his virtue. His proposition in regard to "abol-
ishment of slavery" in the States; his signing of
the abolition bill for the District; his Hunter proc-
lamation; and his approval of the confiscation
measure, all showed that he was preparing for the
proclamations which followed in September. The
monstrousproclamationsofSeptembercame. Let
no sane man attempt to justify them until he has
made up his mind that popular Government is an
absolute failure, and that a man having a million
of armed men under his control has the right to
do whatever he may choose. Whenever the peo-
ple of the North sustain these proclamations, th«
southern rebellion will be a success, and our pop-
ular representative system a failure.
The conservative men of the House, consisting
of Democrats, border State men, and some of the
Republicans, saw the necessity of associating to
resist the radicalism of the Republicans. They
held some meetings, I think, in May, at which
Mr. Crittekden presided, and Mr. Cox, of Ohio,
was secretary. They declared that there was no
hope of a speedy restoration of the Union if the
radical proceedings in Congress remained unre-
buked by the people; that secessionists and abo-
litionism were the two great enemies of the coun-
try. The glorious Democracy of the northern
States have administered the rebuke. Gentlemen
now want to account for it by saying that it hap-
pens in the ordinary course ofevents, the first Con-
gress after e\ery presidential election, and that it
is not on account of the proclamation or the abo-
lition programme ofthe President. TheDemocrats
have told secessionism that it must go down, be-
cause they have killed its potent ally,abolitionism.
The people have made proclamation against the
enslavement of the white man. They are devoted
to our frame of government. They feel that the
success of the rebellion would be destructive to
our system. If the rebellion cannot be put down
and the Constitution preserved, it will be demon-
strated that our people are incapable of preserving
the republican system founded by our fathers. To
overcome the rebellion by overthrowing the Con-
stitution, would amount to the same demonstra-
tion. I have not lost faith in our people. They
will vindicate the system which our fathers gave
us. They will put down the rebels. They will
put down the abolitionists. Both must be done;
a hea\y business, but the friends of the Constitu-
tion are equal to it.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Hutchixs] thinks
that the friends to the proclamation are really the
conservative party. 1 do not use terms of any
sort, as applying to parties or individuals, inten-
tionally offensive. 1 believe that the supporters
of the President's proclamation are radical, for a
reason different from that assigned by the gentle-
man from Ohio. Tie thinks they are radical be-
cause they go to the root of the evil. I think they
are radical because they are for uprooting the
foundations of our country. But, I do not believe
that they all desire it. I therefore do not use
the term " radical" with an intention of being
offensive.
The Democrats are charged with favoring the
