1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
to letters of marque and the " militia of the seas?''
Because England and France, compelled as they
are to support immense navies, find it convenient
to establish a new rule for their future guidance,
shall wc, at their politic suggestion, subject our-
selves to new rules and to additional burdens?
They are able to support large navies. They are
compelled to support them. Their very proximity
to each other constrains them to do so. They
need no greater protection on the seas than their
prescntnavalestahlishmentsafford to them. They
can well say to weaker naval Powers than them-
selves, and especially to those possessing a large
commercial marine needing protection in time of
war, that the practice and policy of issuing letters
of marque should be considered obsolete and be
abolished. But can wc afford to say so ? Can we
afford to declare that when war shall exist between
us and any foreign nation our whole merchant
marine shall rot at our wharves, and no private
vessel be commissioned to go forth as an armed
volunteer upon the sea to meet our nation's enemy?
Ask the merchants of New Kngland and New
York if they can afford it.
The attempt is made to render this well-settled
practice of issuing letters of maique by nations in
time of war odious, by calling vessels to which
they are issued, "privateers," "semi-pirates,"
"marine highwaymen." With what justice can
these epithets be applied to them when they sad
under our flag, carry our commission, obey our
instructions, and are amenable to our laws?
But it is said that they receive the compensa-
tion for their services in the booty they capture.
This is true in part, and it is true also of ovory
ship of war that (louts or that ever floated belong-
ing to Great Britain or to the United States. By
our laws, one half of the value of all property of
an enemy captured on the sea is the lawful prize
of the captors. lias that fact caused our naval
officers to tarnish their reputation or that of their
profession by uumunlv acts of cupidity in- bar-
barity? Will it be said that volunteer officers are
more likely to be guilty of improper Conduct than
those who hold commissions in the regular ser-
vice? If indeed it be true that such application
of the proceeds of captuied properly is immoral,
and if u be true that the receiver of goods improp-
erly obtained is as guilty as he who obtains them,
it would tequirc the nicest casuistry to determine
that we ourselves, win) receive one half of the
value of the captuied goods in the one case, are
not morally as guilty as the privateer who re-
ceives the whole value in the other. The immo-
rality of the act would hardly be lessened by a
division of the spoils.
The (ruth is, Mr. President, there is no moral
principle involved in this matter. What differ-
ence does it make to me whether my vessel is
captured by a seventy-fourgun ship, with an ad-
miral in command, oi bya fishing-smack, armed
with a blunderbuss, provided both are governed
by the same laws, ami responsible to the sameau-
thoiity for the exeicise of the power which cap-
ture given to them? How does tlx* division of
the pioceeds of the captuie among the captors
a {fee i me, or affect the legality or the morality of
the cuotuie itM.-lf?
We are (old that this proposition is against, the
ptiblie sentiment ot the age—that it will encourage
uncivilized warfare. All waihke acts are uncivil.
War, ni its best conditions, is only organized,
le^nl harhn'-ism. Still, war is necessary. Does
it make any difference to me whether I meet in
hostile array a recent volunteer, or an antagonist
who hes all his life been trained to martial deeds,
provided each fights under the same banner, car-
i ies a commission issued oy the same authority,
and is bound by the same laws of war ? In what
manner can i ivilizauion ot Chiistianity be affected
one way or the othei ?
Pnvate aimed vessels carryingletters of maique
are in eilect national vessels. They are not let
loose against mere unarmed commerce for its de-
struction. They ate to be the pickets of the great
naval aunadaof the nation. They are to procure
information, convey intelligence, annoy the ene-
my, cripple 1:1s jesource.s, attack his small aimed
ships, assist in maintaining blockades, and in this
way mateiiully aid to enforce peace. In the rev-
olutionary war, as well as in the war of 181J2-13,
A met ican pm ateers attacked and destroyed armed
vessels of the Bi itiwh navy. Will we say that it
may never be done again ?
It is said that we can readily secure all of the
advantages that might be derived from the passage
of this bill by authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to purchase all of the vessels he chooses
and receive them into the regular Navy. To this
I reply that the proposition is wholly impractica-
ble. In the first place, it would put in the hands
of the Secretary of the Navy the power to de-
termine the policy of the Government and the
means of carrying that policy into execution. In
the next place, the Secretary of the Navy does
not possess, and we cannot bestow upon him, the
means to purchase, to fit out, to man, to officer,
to repair, and to control such a number of vessels
as might be desirable and probably would be re-
quired for this service. It will be hardly neces-
sary for me to attempt to demonstrate this. Why,
the pay of the agents alone who would bo required
to successfully conduct a business of such mag-
nitude would soon bankrupt the Treasury. Not
mctfe impracticable is the proposition to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to hire vessels to be
used as war ships for a limited time.
To the suggestion that a bounty or reward for
the capture of an enemy's vessel should be of-
fered, 11 is certainly a sufficient answer that such
a proceeding would be against the law of nations,
unless the vessel making the capture bore a com-
mission from the nation to which she belonged;
and if she did bear a commission, she would be
neither more nor less than a letter of marque.
For myself, I am not prepared to abandon our
well-settled national policy on this subject. I stand
by the traditions and the policy of our fathers. I
am unwilling to impose upon the people I repre-
sent the burden of supporting in time of peace
such a naval establishment as will be adequate to
properly protect our commerce in time of war,
and at the same time to inflict such chastisement
upon the enemy as will insure a speedy and hon-
orable peace, i regard the present a proper time j
to reaffirm our national doctrine on the subject of
maritime rights.
I am awate that this bill confers extiaordinary
powers upon the President. It grants no power,
however, that 1 am not anxious to bestow upon
him. I wish to confer upon him ample means to
restore the Union and to defend the national honor
abroad, and 1 will hold him and his immediate
constitutional advisers responsible for the manner
in which that power shall be exercised, if he
shall wield it feebly, if he neglects his best oppor-
tunities, if he dailies with (reason, if he crouches
before the insolence of a foreign Power, no part
of the responsibility or of the disgrace shall be
traced to me. Before 1 leave here on the 4th of
March next, 1 intend, so far as my vote will do
it, to deposit in the hands of the President every
means and appliance fur overcoming the lebellion
that 1 can give him, and in the name of the people
demand of him success. I believe thatswcccs.s can
be achieved, and the country, history, will hold
him and his Cabinet lesponsible for a failure.
It is said by the opponents of this hill that the
so-called confederate States have no commerce,
and hence there is no necessity for the passage of
this act. To this I answer, that they have already
on the ocean a large number of fast steamers, and
are now budding in Kngland a fleet of vessels de-
signed to break our blockade of their coast. The
vessels owned by them, and by parties in Kurope
in complicity with them, can already be counted
by the score.
But I frankly own that my purpose is to declare
a principle which shall have a general as well as
a special application. I wish to say to the world
that, however much other nations have changed
or may change their policy on this subject/we
will adhere to ours. If the President shall find
himself environed with new difficulties, involved
ui new complications, I wish him to have the
povt er to " let slip the dogs of war" ugumst any
new enemy that may declare against us.
In voting as I shall, I am satisfied that I shall
relied the sentiment of the people of Iowa and
of the entire Northwest. Nomattei what others
may tell you, Senators, be assured that the people
of the upper valley of the Mississippi river are
loyal to this Government. That loyalty is con-
fined to no party. Since I have held a seat in this
body I have never, so far as I can lecoilect, even
alluded to a party organization of any kind. 1
only allude to them now for the purpose of ab-
solving, so fiu as I may be able, the Democratic
party of that section from the charge of disloyalty
to the Government. It embraces dissatisfied, rev-
olutionary, and disloyal members, who have, in
some instances, secured control of the party or-
ganizations, but the great mass of that party are -
patriotic,law-abiding men. Misled, I think, many
of them are, as they think I am, but treason has
never found a lodgment in their hearts. They
scorn the idea that they would consent to a disso-
lution of the Union; and when the issue shall be
fairly presented to them, disconnected from the
idea that this war has not been prosecuted with
sufficient vigor by the party in power, they will
cause the wave of political oblivion to sweep over
those who are attempting to dupe them into con-
cession and compromise with useason. This much,
Mr. President, is due from me to the mass of the
Democratic party in Iowa, who have no repre-
sentative in Congress, and among whom I count
many of my oldest and most cherished personal
friends.
The promise ofa new confederacy has no charms
for the people of Iowa of any political persuasion.
They abide by the Union in its integrity. They
will not follow false prophets into disunion and
anarchy. Presumptuous political leaders may
for a time beguile the unwary and engender local
discontents, but a loyal public sentiment will soon
rectify all such evils. The great mass of the peo-
ple of that State, irrespective of party ties or affin-
ities, have ventured their all m behalf of the unity
of this Government. They have given freely of
their blood in its support. They will never con-
sent to tos dismemberment. They ask me to place*
in the hands of the President all the necessary
means to maintain it intact. 1 obey their voice
when I give my vote for the passage of this bill.
Mr. SCJMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who has just taken
his scat, ingeniously and elaborately vindicates a
bill which, at least in one feature, is an innova-
tion upon the traditional policy of our country;
and, strange to say, while doing so he pleads for
what he calls our traditional policy. I, too, plead
for our traditional policy; but not the policy of
the Senator. And I plead also for a policy which,
whether traditional or not, will provide for the
national defense accord i to that best economy
which takes counsel of prudence as well as of
courage.
The Senator, with seeming triumph, asks if we
can afford to declare that our whole pnvate marine
shall rot at the wharf. Clearly not; and nobody
proposes to declare so; although we mightas well
do this as recklessly provoke a war winch must
drive our commerce from the ocean; if in no other
way, by the increased rates of insurance. For
myself, 1 wish to secure for our private marine the
amplest opportunity, that it may continue with-
out interruption to plow every sea with its keels,
and that, wherever it appears, it may not fail to
find its accustomed welcome. The policy of the
Senator has no such promise.
All will concur in any practical measures for
the increase of our strength on the ocean. To this
end my vote shall not be wanting. But to my
mind it seems clear to demonstration that the
measure pioposed is not practical in character;
that it promises no results which cannot be reached
better in another way; while it is almost suie to
bring upon the country additional embarrass-
ments. It may be bold, but 1 am sure that it is not
prudent, nor is there any economy in it of a«y
kind.
This bill is entitled, "concerning letters of
marque, prizes, and prize goods." The title is
borrowed from the two statutes of 1812 and 1813.
It is, m plain terms, a bill to authorize privateers;
that is, private armed vessels licensed to cruise
against the commerce of an enemy, and looking to
booty for support, compensation, and salary. It
is by booty that the owners, officers, and crews
a to to be paid. Booty is the motive-power and
life-spring. Such is this bill on its face, without
going into details. Surely a bill of this character
ought not to be passed without strong reason.
Looking at the bill more closely, it will be found
to have two distinct features: first, as a new agen-
cy against the rebellion; and secondly, as a pro-
vision for privateers in any future war. I have
called these two features distinct. They may be
regarded separately. One may be right and the
other wrong. One may be adopted and the other
ivj«eted.
