1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
83
should be in the hands of the printer as soon as
possibje. Every day (hat we delay action on the
subject delays the delivery of the documents on
our table.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion wr.s agieed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
?rii^ motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 15, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Suxderlastd.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
The Vice President (Hon. Hannibal Hamlin)
appeared and resumed the chair.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of Minnesota, praying that
immediate measures may be taken to repair the
present bridge over the Blue Earth river, on the
Mendota and Big Sioux road, as speedily as the
same can be done; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Miiitia.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Lewis
Warrington, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, praying that the accounting officers of the
Treasury may be directed to pass to his credit the
amount with which he now stands chargcd, re-
sulting from the unfaithfulness of his ch-rkatthe
navy-yard at Pensacola; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs. \
Mr. ARNOLD presented the memorial of
George H. Calvert, m behalf of Commander Ma-
rion of the United States Navy, absent on duty,
protesting against the action of the late advisory
board of naval ofnceis in relation to Commander
Manoit, and pray i ng for relief therefrom; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of George
W. Dofy, a lieutenant in the United States Navy,
praying for relief for himself and other naval offi-
cers from the alleged unjust action of the late ad- |
visory board of naval officers, in withholding a i
recommendation for promotion; whi^h was re- |
ferred M the Committee on Naval Affairs. i
lie also presented a petition of citizens of the j
city of New York, for the passage ofa general bank- |
rupt law; which was ordered to lie on the table. !
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of John C. j
"M-G-ili, praying payment for horses delivered to :
Shji'lds's division of the United States Army, in j
May, 3SG2; which was referred to the Committee j
on Claims. I
Air. McDOUGALL presented the petition of !
John R. Price, praying for a survey of certain I
lands m the State of California, reserved for pub- \
li" uses, for the purpose of determining what por- j
i!"t) is necessary for fortifications and other mili-
tary and naval defenses, and that all landsnotso
found absolutely necessary for such purposes may
hi <'"v:eepted and withdrawn from said reservation, j
and made subject to entry and sale under the laws i
of tiie United States; which was referred to the [
Committee on Naval Affairs. ^ j
Mr. FIELD presented a petition of soldiers dis- !
charged from the volunteer army of the United j
States, on account of disabilities incurred in the I
service, praying for a bounty of $100; which was !
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
tbo Militia.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. COLLAMEIl presented the credentials of
Hon. Solomon Foot, elected a Senator by the
Legislatuic: of the State of Vermont, for the term :!
of six years from the 4th of March, 1S63; winch II
were read, and ordered to be filed. i]
I
PAYMENT OF JUDGMENTS FOlt DUTIES. !■
Mr. KESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi- ■'
nance, to whom was referred the amendment of ,j
the House of Representatives to the amendment Ij
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 581) concern- \\
ingjudgtuents m certain suits brought by the Uni- i-
ted States, have directed me to repoil it back. ;
This bill came from the House originallv, and it j>
was amended by the Senate; the House ljav*> eon- J
curred in the amendment of the Senate with an
amendment, and the Committee on Finance rec-
ommend that the Senate do not concur in the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
ouramendment. I hopethe question wid be taken
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider this bill at the present time. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears none. The
amendment will be read.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike out
all after the word " that" in line one, and insert
the following:
Whenever judgments shall be recovered by the Touted
States in any suit now pending, oi heieaftrr to l>" brought,
for the collection or recovery of duties on impoits, or of
moneys due the United State® fiom any collector, or other
officer of the customs of the United States, it shall bo the
duty of the court in which such judgments «hali be icndered
to indoise upon the execution, or other process issued there-
on, a statementot the eau&e of action as atbre«<nd; and the
amount of debt or damage therein specified, with interest
theseon, shall b  collected and p nd in the goUl and silver
coin oi the United State-*.
The House propose to amoul the Senatoamend-
ment by adding the following:
And any judgment® reiukied ngain=t collectors for duties
illegally or eironeouslv exactcd, and alt amounts of duty
illegally or ertoneously exacted that may be refunded, shall
be paid in the gold and silver coin of the United States.
The foregoing piovision shall not apply to judgments against
officers of the United States, unless for moneys received for
duties on imports, or in ca-.es of fiaud.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was non-concurred in.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. II. No.
5S9) to adjust appropriations heretofore made for
the civil service qf the Navy Department, to the
present organization of that Department, have di-
rected mo to report it back, and to ask that the
committee be discharged from its consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It does not make any appropriation; it
is simply with reference to exchanging appropri-
ations, or transferring them in the Navy Depart-
ment—a matter which can be betterattended to by
the Committee on Naval Affairs than by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIXO^. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
No. 107) to p;iy the widow of the late John R.
Thomson the amount due to him os a Senator at
the time of his death, have instructed me to report
the same hark, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, for the reason that the existing law pro-
vides for the payment, and therefore the passage
of the resolution is unnecessary.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
RANK OF MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and theMihtia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 403) to abolish the
rank and grade of medical officers in the United
States service, have instructed me to report it back,
with a recommendation that it do not pass. 1 will
not ask for its consideration now, unless the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, who introduced it,
dcsiies its consideration.
Mr. HALE. I think it is manifest—and the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will beer me out—that the Commuter on Military
A {Fail i> have reported this bill back wi thou i having
given it any consideration. They took it for
granted tint it ought not to pass. That is mani-
fest by the time the committee have taken. I do not
expect the bill to pass at this time, but I know that
it ought to pass; for, to my mind, nothing is more
absurd than giving military rank to surgeons in
the Army. I know that th^re will be a great hue
and cry raised about it by these doctors: I have
heard from one of them, who savs he wishes to
have the satisfaction of seeing me with a bullet
through my lungs, and hn sitting by. I should
rather be in that situation than with a dose of his
medicine in my bowels. [Ltusrlucr.] 1 think my .
chances of recovery would be a good deal better, i
[Laughter.] L>ut, Mr, at some other time 1 will i
call this hill up. Letit be over for the present, and j
when I do call it up, I will endeavor to submit ;
dome views to the Senate upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
RELIEF TO BRITISH OPERATIVES.
Mr. FIELD, I beg leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to report, at as early a day as practicable, whether
some method cannot be devised for extending relief or in
some othrr way manifesting the sympathy of Congress
towards thon? suffering operatives m Great Britain, who,
stripped oi employment by reason of the measures to which
the Government of the United States lias been compelled
to resort for th<> purpose of putting down rebellion, have
nevertheless borne theirsuflermgs with such exemplary pa-
tience, nnd have refused to clamor for foreign intervention
in our affair*, lo-t by so doing they s-hould hurt the sacred
cause foi which we are contending.
Mr. President, I shall not ask the Senate to take
any action upon the resolution at the present time.
My motion is that it be laid upon the tabic, and
printed; and I shall avail myself of an opportu-
nity of calling it up at a future day, when I may
make a few remarks in favor of its adoption.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
under the rule.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF REVKuDY JOHNSON.
Mr. COLLAMER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be, and is hcieby, icquested,
if not inconsistent vvitn the public interest, to ira"h«mit to
the Senate the lepoit, with thcaccornpanyin!; documents,
ot Hon. Uevcmlv Johnson, ay coinmisMOuer of the United
Stetes tUning the past summer in New Oilcans.
yjST-OFF Oi' REBELLION DAMAGES.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RctfTtrcJ, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency oi providing by act
of Congress tint any Joval citizen of the United States who
lias sustained damage from the troop* of the tftate? encaged
in the proent icbeihon. or the toice& of any one oi mmeof
such States, may set-off or recoup such damages against
anv claim or demand against him in any suit in equity or
action at law, by any ot such lcbelliou^ States or a^ent or
ti u-stee for such Slates or in an) caae where such claim or
demand is for the uj>i  n benefit of such States,
CENSURE OF PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit the following resolu-
tion :
Result ec7. That after it had become manifest that nn in-
stil r.- etion agam>t the United States was about to bu-aic nut
in f-evoia) of the southern States, James Buchanan, then
1'iesident, from sympathy with the conspirators and their
treasonable project, tailed to take necessaiy and proper
measmosto prevent it; therefore he should reenve tin
censure and condemnation of the Senate and the American
people.
I ask for the present consideration of tlii^ reso-
lution with a view to take a vote, not to debate
it. I presume every gentleman has made tip jus
mind.
Mr. STJMNER. Let it bo read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
rend.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it lie over. I think
it is too impoitant a resolution to be passed, with-
out consideration, in this way.
Th^ VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, it
must lie over under the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to suspend the rales with
a view to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that it requires the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider it to-doy.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have received a letter
from Hon. Air. Pearcc:, of Maryland, stating
that the condition of his health is such that it is
doubtful whether he will be here for some time,
and requesting that he be excused from further
servicc at this session upon the Committee on Fi-
nance: nnd as it js desirable that the committee
should bo full, m view of the subjects that will cune
before it duiing the session, I state that desire of
his to the Senate that he be excused from further
service: and I move thnt lie be excused.
Toi mtU'/vu v. <vs a£T>jt.d *<">.
Tip1 VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mi. Rice
to hi', the vacancy on the commit:* e.
NOTICKS OP PI I i
Mr. IIOWE gave notice of \w* *..t  nnuu to ask
leave to introduce a join1- resolution tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Cud wallader Ring-
