1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
strongly to blunt the sense of private risjit, and to nourish a
lawless and fierce spii it of rapacity."—KenVs Commentaries
on •American Law, vol. 1, pp. 90, 97.
It is well known that those were the sentiments
of the founders of our Rcpubhc, which, in its early
treaty with Prussia, took the lead in denouncing
the whole system of privateers. Is it not better
for us to adhere to tins example until the positive
irresistible exigencies of war compel us to depart
from it? If we cannot do this, let us at least keep
from affording: to this offensive system new facil-
ities. What our country denounced in other days
should not now be proclaimed and glorified.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
inquire when it was that this nation denounced
the system of privateering?
Mr. SUMNER. By the treaty of 1784.
Mr. GRIM ES. The Prussian treaty, I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. The Prussian treaty.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know the pur-
port of that denunciation. Was it not a mere
stipulation that we should not prey on the com-
merce of that nation ?
Mr. SUMNER, ft was a stipulation to the
cffect that in any war between the United States
and Prussia, neither party should commission
privateers to depiedato on the commerce of the
other.
Mr. GRIMES. A stipulation that 1 suppose
this Government couid very easily make, because
Prussia ha<* no commerce.
-'Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish the treaty had born
such as to aOord a strongerexample; but it must
be accepted as the judgment of our country at
that time, ai.d to my mind it is a practical de-
nunciation of privateering, worthy of the illus-
trious character by whom it was negotiated, who
was none other than Benjamin Ftanklin. But
this treaty is not all. I thmk 1 do not err when
I attribute to Mr. Jefferson in a report made as
Secretary of State, the denunciation of pnvateei-
ingas something of which "i he object is not fame
orchivah c warfare, but plunder and profit." A nd
I am sure that John (Xuiney Adams, m his in-
structions to Mr. Rush, of July 28, LS23, direct-
ing him to ne"">tiate a treaty with Great Butam
for the abohtii'0 of pi ivateering, declared that
this was *' an object long dear to the hearts, and
ardent in the aspii;uions of the benevolent and the
wise; an object essentially congenial to the true
spirit of Chi iHtianity ;J,and he adopted the < arlier
declaration of Fiankhn, " it is turn', it is high
time, foi the sake of humanity, that a stop were
ptU to * his enormity.M (Wheaton's Elements,
p. 432, note.)
Mr. GRIMES. I am speaking now of the dec-
laration which the Senatoi has seen fit to desig-
nate as a national denunciation of privateers, made
in 1784, though the Constitution, which was made
in 178<> expiessly reserved to Congress the powei
to issue letters of marque and reprisal. Taking
these two facts, the treaty made in 1784 and the
Constitution made in 1787, how can it be asserted
that the ancient policy of the Government is
against privateering, and that we have nationally
denounced it?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me
if I say that I know no better "denunciation than
that ot a treaty negotiated by Franklin. A treaty
is the act of the nation, and testifies to the senti-
ments of the nation. If the same denunciation did
not find a place in more important treaties, it ir>
reasonable to .suppose that it was not acceptable
to the other contracting parties. It is tiue that
the Constitution gives to Congress the power to
issue lettersof maiqur*; hutthe reason is obvious;
because privateering was still lecognized as a
proper agency of war. The framers of the Con-
stitution did not choose to divest the Govei nment
they created of a power which belonged to other
Governments according to the existing usage of
nations. In recognizing this power they expi ess
no ©pinion upon us character. For that we must
fo to the treaty, and to the words of Franklin,
efferson, and John Q,uiney Adams, speaking
officially for the nation.
And now, sir, at the risk of repetition, I repeat
my objections to this bill.
1. It proposes to cruise against a non-existent
commerce for the sake of a non-existent booty.
2. It accords to private individuals the belli-
gerent right of search, which must be fruitful of
double in our relations with the great neutral
Powers.
3. It gives to the President, in his discretion,
the power to issue letters of marque in any future
wars without any further authority of Congress,
when this power should always wait for the special
authority of Congress on the declaration of war.
4. It is in the nature of a menace to foreign
nations, and therefore is worse than useless.
5. It vitalizes and legalizes a system which civ-
ilization has always accepted with reluctance, and
which our own country was one of the earliest
and most persistent to denounce.
G. It will give us a bad name in history.
It does all this withoutaccomplishing any sub-
stantia] good. If it be said that ships are needed
for transportation, or for the blockade, or m order
to pursue pirates on the sea, thug 1 repeat, let the
Government hire them. The way is easy, and it
is also the way of peace. To this end I offer a sub-
stitute for the present bill, which will secure to the
Government all the aid it can desire, without the
disadvantage or the shame of a measure which can
be justified only by overruling necessity. I will
read the substitute which I propose:
Thrit the Secretary of the Nnvy ho nutho> i/cd to hire any
vessels needed for the national service, ami, it lie sees fit,
to puttiicni in eiiru^e. of olliceis commissioned by the Uni-
ted State 5, ruxi t<  give thorn in every r<;;>p<. et the clunactci
of national s>lup$.
If Senators tiesirea militia ofthe seas, here it is;
a sen militia, precisely like the land militia, mus-
tered into the service of the United States, under
the command ofthe United States, and receiving
rations and pay from the United States, instead
of sea-rovers not mustered into ihe national ser-
vice, not under national command, and not receiv-
ing unions or pay from the nation; but cruising
each for himself according to his own will, with-
out direction, \v i thou t concei t, simply according to
the wild temptation of booty. Such a system on
land would be rejected at once. Nobody would
call it a militia. L)o not sanction if now on the
ocean; or if you an disposed to sanction it, do not
call it a militia of the seas.
Mr. AUDOUGALL. Mr. President, I cannot
say that 1 am surpnsed at the objections to this
measure as they conn; from the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. Indeed, I have been prepared for those
objections. 1 can only, however, account for them
upon the hypothesis that the Senator ftom Mas-
sachusetts is disposed to belong to the pcace es-
tablishment; for if war is maintained on land and
sea—and we are now in the midstof war—I can-
not understand why our most effective force, by
our past experience, should be utterly ignored.
The Senator makes a point upon the assertion
'that the States of Euiopc have been gradually
ignoi.:i„; the privateering system, and that their
opinion n<uv is against it. Let me ask the Sen-
ator the reason why they aie against itJ
Air. SUMNER. 1 know the Senator would
like to state what I said precisely.
Mr. MeDOQGALL. I will state it very nearly
as you said it.
Mr. SUAOEll. The Senator will pardon me.
I did not make any point on any opinion of na-
tions in Europe.
Mr. McDOUGALL, The policies of the na-
tions of Europe.
Mr. SUMNER. I referred to the positive dec-
larations ofthe congress at Paris; and I said the
«rre«t neutral Powers of Europe had among them-
selves renounced the right of privateering. That
is all.
Mr. McDOUGALIi. I understood the Sena-
tor well, and I remember very well what they re-
nounced, and I was approaching that very matter.
The policy of England and France ami the other
commercial States of Europe has been altogether
different ftom our own. England has always
maintained a large armed force upon the seas.
France has adopted the same policy. It has been
the policy of other commercial States. It was so
of Holland in the days when she was a Power
upon the seas. Against the policy of an estab-
lished army and navy, was the opinion of the
men who first organized this Republic. Their
force upon the seas was intended as a mere police
force, and not for war purposes. Their army on
land was intended as a meie police force and not
for war purposes. The Governments of Europe
understood this policy. In the war of 1812, hav-
ing a large commercial marine and sailors fit for
war pui poses as well as for commercial purposes,
we sent outour volunteer army of the seas. With-
out any organized navy we compelled England,
by our volunteer navy force, to the peace of 1815.
That was our avowed policy; and it being an-
tagonist to the policies ofthe European commer-
cial States, they have from that tune until this
sought to establish a rule of international law that
should ignore private armed ships, and for the rea-
son that without being at the expense of an estab-
lished navy, we could maintain our status on the
seas at any given time. That policy has been
matured and advanced, and they have sought to
establish it by compact with us. The right to
send out private armed ships has never been de-
nied. The policy of this Government has been
to rely on private armed ships when suddenly we
are thrown into foreign war, at war with France
to-morrow, if you please, at war with England
to-morrow, at war with any commercial State.
How are we to maintain ourselves on the seas ex-
cept by sending out private armed ships? k is,
I say, the established policy of the Government.
Then is it constitutional? Was it contem-
plated? I say it was. The experience of the
war of the Revolution induced the insertion in the
Constitution of the express provision that there
shou'd be power to issue letters of marque. The
Senator fiom Massachusetts says letters of marque
should bo granted by the two Houses of Congress.
I suppose he would have the letters signed by the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House ofRepresentatives, and the respective Sec-
retary and Clerk. The gentleman has quoted the
law, I think, passed in 1812. I did not observe
the date of the law.
Mr. SUMNER. That is it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. By that law the Presi-
dent was authorized to use the whole Army and
naval force, and to issue to private armed vessels
of the United States letters of marque and reprisal
as he should think proper. That is all that is pro-
posed now. We authorize him to do it; and if
the Senator will look at the provisions of the
Constitution that correspond with this, he will
find numerous powers in Congress that have to be
executed by the executive authority of the Gov-
ernment.
When, at the treaty of Paris, in the discussion
of this subject with others, we agreed to abandon
the system of privateering, I thought the offer
made by this Government was an unwise offer.
Our system does not agree with the idea of main-
taining alarge army or a large navy upon the seas.
We are aware that our volunteer force is equal to
resist all foreign Powers, and maintain our rights
against all foieign Governments. Weareaware
that our commercial marine is sufficient, when the
emergency arises, to maintain our rights upon the
seas. This issuing of letters of marque is a sim-
ple process by which it can be improvised, so far
as the sea is concerned.
The Senator objects to letters of marque, and
says that the result of it is simply an authority to
buccaneer upon the high seas, and then* only in-
ducement is booty. 1 deny the proposition. If a
gallant sailor, who has sailed the seas and buf-
feted the storms for twenty-five or thirty years,
should be in the port of Sari Francisco, or Bos-
ton, or iNewpoi t, or New York, or anywhere else,
and should think he could do the country good
service by arming a vessel that he could command
and going out upon the high seas to make war
against the common enemy of the country, he has
in this a just and proper ambition, and in this he
develops a just and sound patriotism; and if, as
incident to this, comes the result of conquest on
the seas from the enemy, who can object? If he
takes the vessel of a neutral Power, tins Govern-
ment is responsible. If he wages war-against
others than our enemy, the Government is re-
sponsible. The parties sailing with letters of
marque are required to give bond to the Govern-
ment, so that the Govei nment shall be insuied that
they suffer no loss. I insist that this is one of the
rights that should be protected in this Govern-
ment in all negotiations between ourselves and
foreign Powers, and it should he the reliance of
the Government whenever occasion demands it.
There is fame for the man who commands a pri-
vate armed ship as well as fame foi lum who
commands the first vessel that sails under our flag.
There is adventure for him. There is all that
challenges either ambition or daring, and all that
challenges patriotism, so far as the maiutenan®*
of our country i« concerned.
