1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which they are employed. They are alt second,
third, or fourth assistant engineers, acting assist-
ant paymasters,or officers holding some lowgrade
in the service.
Mr. HALE. And lieutenants.
Mr. GRIMES. There are lieutenants,but they
are called acting volunteer lieutenants, and in all
cases, or in nearly all cases, are subordinate to
several other officers in the same squadron or the
same vessel, who rank them and who command
them. Therefore, I say, it seems to me there can-
not be any controversy as to their being such offi-
cers as were intended to be covered by that clause
of the Constitution yrhich the Senator from New
Hamphire has quoted. Certain it is that Congress
so considered them; that the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who reported this bill in July, 1861, so
considered them, and I apprehend the Senator
himself has so considered them up to a very re-
cent period; for it must strike Senators as being
very peculiar, that although this law has been on
the statute-book eighteen months, and although
the Naval Register which contains the names of
these, between eighteen and nineteen hundred tem-
porary officers was published on the 1st of Septem-
ber, 1862, and nearly all of them had had their
appointments conferred on them, and were in the
exercise of the duties of their positions, when we
adjourned on the 18th of July last, yet, during
that whole long session of eight months, neither
the Senator from New Hampshire, nor any other
member of this body, or of the other House, nt-
tempted to require that these men should be
brought before us for confirmation.
The Senator told us the other day that he was
not desirous to stiike at any man on this list; that
he did not know an unworthy mau upon it. I
do not.
Mr. HALE. I do not know one.
Mr, GRIMES. Exactly; and I do not know
one. They have been upon your list for a year
and a half.
Mr. HALE. How many of them ?
Mr. GRIMES. A great many of them have.
Nearly all these men had been appointed before
the last session of Congress expired. Why was
not an effort of this sort made then?
. Mr. President, it is said that this is an anom-
alous condition of things; that here are men exer-
cising very responsible positions who have not
been confirmed by the Senate, while correspond-
ing officers in other departments were required to
be confirmed. It is said that the amount of pay re-
ceived by these eighteen or nineteen hundred offi-
cers is something like two million dollars. Why,
sir, it is not one fourth as much as is paid to your
custom-house officers throughout the counti y, no
one of whom, except the collectors, surveyors of
ports, and naval officers, is confirmed. 1 appre-
hend there is in the patronage of the Treasury De-
partment, through the custom-house in New York
city alone, an amount of money equal to the amount
that is paid to these officers. If, therefore, the
magnitude of the salaries paid to these officers is
any argument for their confirmation by the Sen-
ate, why does it not apply with equal force to every
other department of the Government?
But it is said that other officers, or officers of like
importance in other services about the country,
are required to be confirmed. Tftat I apprehend
to be a mistake. We are not called upon to con-
firm the assistant postmasters generally, 1 believe.
If so, it is certainly under a very recent law; and
if we have passed any such law, we did not make
it retrospective, and require them to be sent in
after they had been confirmed, and were in the full
exercise oftheir duties.
The Senator from New Hampshire is right in
one respect, in tegard to the action of the com-
mittee. The committee were unanimous, as I un-
derstand it,as to thegeneral principle of these con-
firmations. I agree that it is proper that the nom-
jnationshereafter to bemadeshould be Rent to the
Senate for confirmation, and I agree that all that
hereafter may be made shall be sent to us for con-
firmation, in this grade or in any other grade that
the Senator from New Hampshire or any other
Senator has a mind to designate; but I do say that
1 can find no reason, if these men have been ap-
pointed under the Constitution and laws, and are
now exercising the duties of their offices, why we
shall go back and act upon those nominations,
and. if we do not sec fit to confirm them, thereby
deprive them of th<"ir offices. I can apprehend a
great deal of injury that might possibly, under
given circumstances, result to the public service
from doing it; and unless the Senator from New
Hampshire can show me some substantial reason
for doing it, I afa not willing to run the risk of
making the attempt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which this bill was
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HALE. On that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPIERMAN. I supposed that the motion
to indefinitely postpone had been withdrawn, and
that we were now to vote on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the bill was post-
poned.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say a word on* that
subject. I think the two Senators who have spoken
on this matter agree substantially upon the merits
of the bill. The bill in some form ought to pass,
and these nominations ought to be sent to the Sen-
ate. The only question on which the Senators dis-
agree is, whether the nominations made before the
present time shall be sent to the Senate for con-
firmation. They never have been confirmed, and
we have no statement on our records of the nu-
merous naval officers appointed under this act.
Simply to furnish that record, to give us the names
of these officers, I am in favorof the bill asit was
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs. jj
It was there considered, and, I think, acquiesced !•
in. As to the appointments in the future, there i
is no doubt about the propriety of sending them i:
here for confirmation. As to those officers who jj
have been appointed in the past, there can be no |i
possibility of harm from requiring their names to jj
be sent here. Not a single Senator, I believe, will jj
object to the confirmation of any on the list. The j'
Senator from New Hampshire himself says he jj
doe4? not intend to object to any that have been
appointed; that he approves and indorses the con- j.
duct of the Secretary of the Navy, and would not jj
object to any nomination that has been made. |i
Now, what objection has the Senator from Iowa ^
against having this list sent to us, to be looked i!
over, if necessary to be examined, to be confirmed |j
generally? It can do no haim,and it preserves on h
the records of the Senate the names and rank of j
all these temporary officers. It seems to me the (j
passage of the bill as reported from the Commit- jj
tee on Naval Affairs cannot by possibility do any
harm, and will furnish us a record which may be j
of service hereafter. I shall, therefore, vote for the |!
bill as it was reported. I suppose the proposition b
to postpone it indefinitely will be withdrawn. I h
hope that vote will be reconsidered, and that we
may have definite action on the bill. Even if the \\
opinion of the Senator from Iowa prevails, and i|
we do not require all the old nominations to be l!
sent in, it is important to pass this bill in order to
require future nominations to be sent here for con- '!
firmation. In either view, I say the question
ought to be reconsidered, and the bill ough t to pass.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr, President, the effect
of the bill, if it should pass, would be to reject
from the service all of this list of officers whose
names might not afterwards be laid before us
for confirmation, and all whose names being laid
before us were not confirm* d. If, as contended
for by the Senator from Iowa, they are, with>n ij
the meaning of the Constitution, " inferior offi- j.
oers.,} then they are in office under the Constitu- I;
tion and law, as effectually as any officer of the |j
Government is in office. Having been appointed ij
by the President under the law as " inferior offi- I;
cers," within the meaning of the provision of It
the Constitution, they are already in office, and
we cannot now, in my judgment, add any other i|
condition or qualification by which they are to jj
be enabled to hold their office; nor can we in 'J
this way legislate them out of office. It seems j;
to me, the difficulty with this bill is this: if they ]'
are in office, if they are really ''inferior officers," ;j
they are appointed constitutionally, and hold their
offices as constitutionally as we do, and we have
no power in this way to legislate them out; and
yet the effect of the bill, if it passes, will be to
reject from the service all whose names may not
be sent to us, arid all who shall not be confirmed
if they are laid before us. I think we have no
power to do that, assuming that they are already
properly in office,
Mr. HALE. The objection of the Senator
from Illinois applies to a portion of the bill only.
The first part of the bill is prospective.
Mr. BROWNING. T° *bat portion which is
prospective, I have no objection. My sugges-
tion is only in regard to those appointments that
have already been made under the previous'bilU
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, let us have the yeaa
and nays on the reconsideration.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say that I have no
earthly objection, and I do not see that there can
be any objection, to the first clause of the bill—to
that which relates to prospective appointments.
My sole objection is to going back and overhaul-
ing eighteen hundred officer's who, as I under-
stand it, have been legally and constitutionally
appointed, and which, if we attempt it, will very-
likely involve us in an immense amount of trouble.
If we shall adjourn without their being confirmed,
and they shall be reappointed by the Secretary
of the Navy or the President of the United States,
then we shall have a clamor throughout the coun-
try that the President and Secretary have been
disobedient to the voice and wish of the Senate,
because they have reappointed men upon whom
we had failed to act. I do not wish to subject
the President of the United States ami the Secre-
tary of the Navy to any such imputations.
Mr. BROWNING. My attention is just called
by the Clerk to the fact that the objectionable part
of the bill has already been stricken out, on mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa, and that if the bill
passes in its present condition, its operation will
be prospective only.
Mr. GRIMES. That is so, I believe.
Mr. FOOT. There seems to be no division of
opinion in the Senate in reference to the propriety
of reconsidering the vote indefinitely postponing
the bill; and if the call for the yeas and nays shall
be withdrawn, as it may be with the unanimous
consent of the Senate, let the vote be taken viva
voce, as everybody is willing that it should be re-
considered, and let the question arise upon the
proposition of amendment made by the Senator
from Iowa, which has already been adopted. I
suppose that the purpose of the Senator from New
Hampshire, in moving a reconsideration of the
vote indefinitely postponing the bill, was to reach
theamendmcntofthe Senatorfrom Iowa, by mov-
ing to reconsider that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the unan-
imous sense of the Senate, that course will be
taken. The Chair hears no objection. The ques-
tion, then, will be put, without taking the yeas
and nays, on reconsidering the vote indefinitely
postponing'the bill.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hill is now
before the Senate, and open to amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, the reconsidering
of the vote postponing the bill indefinitely still
leaves that motion to postpone pending, unless
the gentleman withdraws it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is still
before the Senate, unless it be withdrawn by the
mover.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion c*u
be withdrawn by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, in order to give an
opportunity to the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire to be fully heard in relation to all the
bearings of the bill, as it originally came before us,
I move to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment of the Senatorfrom Iowa was adopted, in or-
der that we may have the bill before us os it was
originally reported, and take new proceedings
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to reconsider the vote by whirl?
the following words were stricken from the bill:
"And all such appointments hitherto made, which shall
not have been confirmed by the Senate on or before the .''d
of March next, shall cease and determine cm that day-''
Mr. GRIMES. Upon that question, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust that the question
maybe open. I do not propose to enter into the
argument, and would not enter into the argumem
now, but i belie.'e the proposition involves a great
question, both of constitutional law and of sound
practice; and it certainly should be dl^'u^od, in
order that we may a-t wisely and advis<. d'.y in U.-
