88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
matter, I trust the question may be open, and
that it may be discussed. 1 entertain a certain
opinion; I am not confident that I am right; but
from the attention I have been able to bestow
on the subject, I am inclined to agree with the
Senator from New Hampshire. At least, I should
like to hear his opinions, and have the subject dis-
cussed. 1 think it involves graver questions than
lie upon the surface of the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur with what the
Senator from California has said. My attention
had not been called particularly to this bill until
a few moments ago; and as,in the shape in which
the question is now presented, it is to involve the
power of Congress to limit the term which an offi-
cer shall hold who has been appointed without
the consent of the Senate, 1 think we ought not to
pass a vote here declaring that when a man has
been appointed to an inferior office, if you please,
without any limitation of time, he is therefore en-
titled to hold that office as long as he lives, and
there is no power in Congress to limit the term
of the office. I cannot agree to any such propo-
sition as that. I understand that we have a per-
fect right to limit the term of the office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is limited now by the
law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is limited to the dura-
tion of the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we can limit it to the
end of this session, if we think proper; and that, I
understand, is the permission in the bill. But the
doctrine is now advanced, that constitutionally we
have no right to limit the term of those persons
who have been appointed without the advice and
consent of the Senate; that, though we can do so
as to future appointments, we cannot in regard to
the past. I cannot agree to any such proposition
as that; and if that is to be the result of a refusal
to reconsider, I think we had better reconsider otir
vote, ant! have this matter understood by the Sen-
ale. Whether or not it will be advisable to re-
quire the appointments which have been made
to bi- submitted to the Senate for confirmation, is
another question, which, I am free to say, ! have
notexammed sufiiciently to have an opinion upon,
but I entirely dissent from the other proposition.
AKREST OH CITIZENS OF DELAWARE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired,the unfinished business of the last
sittiiig- now comes tip regularly in order. The
question before the Senate is the resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury.]
The Secretory read the resolution, as follows:
ilcsohud. That the Secretary of War be. and he is hereby,
dueeted to intoim liie Sr-natr whether Dr. John Laws awl
Wluti'ley /Mi'soiiiil:. or either of them, citizens of the State
o( Delaware, have been atrested and impusoncd in Fort
Dflaw.m-: when tliej wtie arrested and so imprisoned;
ihe rhaigeb against them ; bv whom made ; by whose or-
ders they u'Pic ai routed and imprisoned ; and that he com-
muuieau, to the .Senate all papois relating to their arrest and
imprisonment.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Air. Wright,] to strike out the words " the
Secretary of War be, arid lie is hereby, directed,"
and insert, " the President be requested, if in his
juclgm 'ut it shaii not be incompatible with the
put-lie interest."
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Pr esiuent, it was not my
purpose to participate in this debute when it com-
menced; and I only came to the conclusion to make
any remarks, on the last day that the question
was before the Senate. The debate has widened,
and has taken a course that gives it very consid-
erable interest, as weilfrom the principles involved
in it as from the matters of administration and
other topics that have been brought into it. I am
pleased, Air. President, that the Constitution has
undergone sonic examination. I think, sir, that
that instrument cannot be too iieqtiently recurred
to and too well understood by Congress in its de-
liberations and action. When the mariner is sail-
ing- his ship upon the ocean, he is always in haz-
nnl of iosins; his path uniess he looks to his chart;
and especially in times of tempest, when the winds
ere ho wiir.g, and some breakers are emerging from
the E'.u face and others are hidden beneath it, is it
necessary, if he would survive and prevent his
ship from foundering, that the chart should be
close!v rrad in.l adhered to The Constitution
of the United States is as much the chart of this
Government and of its Administration, as the
chart of the sailor is of his voyage; and it is as
much more essential and important thatwo should
look steadily to it and be guided by it as our trust
excels that of the mariner. I state it, as one propo-
sition, that it would be highly useful that many
members of the Senate, and of the House of Rep-
resentatives, too, should learn more of this Con-
stitution than they at present know. Either they
are or I am widely from the mark of its true in-
terpretation ; and it is essentially so in relation to
the identical point that is now before the Senate
under debate and for its decision. It is a resolu-
tion of inquiry, in its original shape, directed to the
Secretary of War, to report to the Senate whether
two citizens of the State of Delaware are confined
in prison; and if so, for what cause. Now, Mr.
President, in a Government where the principles
of constitutional liberty prevail, there is no more
pertinent or interesting inquiry than that. It was
remarked at the last session of Congress, by one
of the ablest men in this body, that when the col-
onies commenced the formation of a general gov-
ernment, it was either fortuitous or the disposi-
tion of Providence that the whole country at that
time was divided into and existed as separate, in-
dependent communities, each having the perfect
and absolute power of governing itself, without
any restriction or interference whatever on the
part of the others. At the dawn of our revolu-
tionary difficulties what was the condition of the
colonies? Each colony existed as a separate, dis-
tinct,and independent State as to themselves. All
the power of government, so far as it pertained
to each colony, belonged exclusively to it, and
no other colony had the tight or the power to in-
terpose in its matters of government, either inter-
nal or external; either for the establishment of a \
domestic and a local polity, or for the regulation j
of its concerns with other colonies or with for- j
eign nations. Delaware and Rhode Island were |
as sovereign as Virginia and New York. That, .
sir, is the foundation upon which the old Articles '
of Confederation and the present Constitution of !
the United States were built. It was from these :
separate ;>nd independent political organizations, !!
with the absolute and unlimited power of govern- !
rnent, that both the fabric of the old Articles and li
the present Constitution ofthe United States were !|
reared. ;i
Mr. President, (he Constitution, the law of our j1
Government, was formed, not by resolving the li
colonies and independent States into their original j
elements; not by dissolving them into chaotic
atoms of political and social bodies, but by the ;f
preservation of their identity as colonies before
tiie Declarationof Independence, and by the pres- !;
ervation of their identity as States after the Dec- |
laration of Independence. During the pendency !;
of the revolutionary struggle, the colonies formed <'
a league, a confederation, a compact, but not a !'
Government; and by that compact some of the
powers that had previously subsisted in and be- h
longed to tiie colonies separately and as their ab- i;
solute right, were surrendered and vested in the '■
general form of Government called the Articles of
Confederation, principally for purposes of secur- j
ity against external danger and against the as- {!
saults of a tyrant king, who was seeking to sub- ij
jugate their liberties. Suppose at that time, sir, jl
that tiie proposition had been made to the colonies, '
and afterwards, in 1787, to the States, "you must !
surrender, you must subordinate, at least, to the !
power of the General Government all your rights [
of domestic and local government, all of your lib- I1'
erties that pertain peculiarly to the people ofthe N
State and the colony,and all those variant muni- h
cipal regulations that touch the people of a State !'
in a thousand points where the operations ofthe '
General Government touch them once." Sup- I!
pose the proposition had been made to these col- i!
onies and to these States thus to surrender their f
1'iglit of local and of domestic government, of es- ij
tablishmg their own local institutions, regulating i!
their rights of religion, the descent and transfer Ij
of property, their slaves—for at both epochs they |j
all held slaves—their civil and criminal and penal H
codes, made for the exclusive government of their i!
people, with all their peculiarities of education ;i
and institutions, habits and customs; all this, to !i
which they had been-familiarized and endeared for !!
generations, and which was their own peculiar ^
work ond polity, and with theirliherties/md hopes
had been required to be put under the supervision
j and control of a General government, tobealUred,
modified, and abolished in times of war, if you
please, at its will—every colony and State, from
Delaware and Rhode Island, to Virginia and New
York, would have risen up in earnest protest and
unchangeable purpose against such a surrender,
it would have been impossible to havegotthe as-
sent of a single State*, and a Government formed
on such a hypothesis would have crumbled and
perished in the first rude trial to which it might
have been subjected. AH this is claimed by the
President, not for Congress or the whole Govern-
ment of the United States, but for himself, as
Commander-in-Chief of its armies, in his two
proclamations of September last, and his address
to the Chicago delegation. And all this his blind
and deluded followers are ready to yield to him;
and when he clutches and exercises them, he will
be the most formidable of military despots. Never
in any age or country was there made or attempted
so great a stride to that terrible condition.
But what kind of government did the people of
the United States form; and what powers did they
delegate to it ? An intelligent reading of the Con-
stitution will answer those questions. They re-
tained the State organizations and governments,
and they retained to the governments and people
ofthe States separately, independently and above
all control or supervision, their local and domes-
tic constitutions, laws, institutions, and liberties.
They conferred on the General Government the
power to protect the whole and each of them
against foreign aggression, to regulate their busi-
ness and intercourse with foreign Governments
and people; all the powers necessary to leguiate
their business, intercourse, and relations with the
Indian tribes and with each other; all the powers
necessary to protect and perpetuate itself, to en-
force its own jurisdiction and laws, and to pre-
serve the internal peace of the country. It is not
a Government of original and plenary, but oflim-
ited and delegated powers. It possesses none but
such as are expressly enumerated and conferred
| by the Constitution, and all auxiliary powers that
: should be necessary and proper to carrv into exe-
: cution those "vested by the Constitution in the
: Government of the United States, or any depart-
ment or officer thereof."
They established among its provisions:
CkThis Constitution, and the. law* of the United States
which shall be made in puMinnce theicof. and all tteaties
made, oi winch shall be made, under the authoutv of the
United State?, shall be the &upieme t iw or tiie laud, and
the judges in every State shall be bound theieby. amthing
in the constitution and laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding."
"The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,
[of Congress.] and the member* 01 the several State Legis-
lature*. and ail executive and judicial oinceis. both of the
Uimed Suu'.- and ofthe seveiat States, shall be bound by
oath or afhimation to support this Constitution.*3
And this other provision:
."The powers not d"Ictf tcd to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, aie re-
seivfd to the States respectively, or to the people."'
These provisions establish two most important
principles: first, the Constitution, laws of Con-
gress, and treaties made by the United States, are
the supreme law, and other constitutions and laws,
whether State,national, maritime or commercial,
when in conflict with them, yield to their para-
mount authority, and can have no operation or
effect whatever; second, that the General Gov-
ernment is limited to the powers expressly con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution, and such other
powers as are necessary and proper to carry them
into execution; and that Congress alone,by law,
can declare and organize these incidental powers.
It follows, necessarily, that these powers, thus
vested in the General Government, are all that
it possesses or can exercise. In tins war to put
down the rebellion it cannot assume or wield any
others; and if they arc not sufficient to suppress
it, and preserve theUmon,both must perish. It
can acquire no more, but by amendments to be
adopted in the mode prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. But these powers, if propctIy executed,
are sufficient for this greatexigcnce. The living
power of the Government is the confidence and
support which the people give U. The strength
and efficiency of the Administration in waging
this war against the rebels wi 11 be measured by
the unity of the minds and hearts of the people
in upholding the Administration to carry it on;
and that can only be secured by conducting it in
