GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- iitriiwr
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES. WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thihty-Sevdktii Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1863.
New Series No. 65.
from privateering are hi the same direction and
only less heinous than those that accompany
wrecking:.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator would give us,
in the first place, the state of the facts, and prove
them, which he has stated m regard to the wreck-
ers on the coast of Accomac and New Jersey, and
then show any connection between those men and
the men who go out on the deep to fight the enemy
of the country, then his argument would have
some validity.
Mr. DAVIS. Are they not the same class of
men ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; very different, indeed.
Mr. President, it does not belong to me, a citi-
zen of an interior State, to stand here to vindicate
the reputation of the men who commanded and
sailed privateering vessels dui ing the war of 1812;
but I undertake to say that no more gallant or
patriotic class of men existed in that war, and no
class of men rendered more valuable service to
the country than the men who commanded pri-
vateering vessels.
But, sir, I rose merely to set the Senator from
Kentucky right in regard to the vessels belonging
to the so-called confederate States. One would
suppose from the remarks he made that there
were only two vessels belonging to those States,
' the Alabama and the Florida, sometimes called
the Oreto. Why, sir, they have got several of
that class, or they have got those two, and sev-
eral sailing vessels afloat; und as I stated when
I addressed the Senate this morning, they have
vessels belonging, and it is proved they do belong,
to citizens of the rebellious States, to be numbered
by the score. They are swift blockade runners.
The harbor of Nassau to-dav is full of them. Al-
though those vessels sail under the British flag,
the British Government refuses to recognize or
pioteet them. It is fallacious, it is incoireet to
say that those States have no commeice; they
have, I will not undertake to say how many, ves-
sels, and it docs not become me here; I am not
authorized to say.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator will allow me to
inquire, in regard to that species of commerce,
whether it sails under the confederate flag or un-
der a neutral flag?
Mr. GRIMES. It sails under that flag that is
most convenient to it at the tune it is overtaken.
Sometimes it is under a neutral flag, and some-
times it is under the coufedeiate flag; but it is
enough for me to know, and L think it ought to
be enough for tlic Senator from Connecticut to
know, that the British Govei nment, wiieie the
vessels were built, lefuses to recognize or to pro-
tect them as British vessels.
Mr. DIXON. 1 believe those vessels have a
perfect right, as I understand it, to run the block-
ade at the risk of being captured. They are,
therefore, neutral vessels. They are violating no
law. If they are captured, they lose their property.
If they escape, as I understand it, they commit
no ciime. There is no occasion for them to run
up the confederate flag except on some occasions
when they come near the shore for the purposes
of deception. They generally run under a neutral
flag, and are not liable to capture, as I understand
it, except on the ground that they are running
the blockade, and that they have a right to do if
they can.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator says they have
an undoubted right to run the blockade if they
can. Admit it. But have wc not an undoubted
right to capture them either through our regular
or irregular forces if we can?
Mi: DIXON. While running the blockade;
but not at any other time.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well; and that is what
we piopose to do. We propose to authorize these
privateers—if you please to call them so—these
vessels that bear letters of marque, to capture those
vessels while they are in the act of running the
blockade. The British Government has recog-
nized, moreover, the right Qf this Government
to capture a vessel carrying articles contraband jj
of war between one British port and another, be- II
65
tween Glasgow or Liverpool and Nassau. ' I do
not know why we have not the right to authorize
a private armed vessel to capture a vessel between
those ports if she is carrying articles contraband
of war. I desire to give them the privilege. The
Senator from Connecticut, itseems,is not anxious
that they should enjoy that privilege. There is the
difference between us.
Mr. DIXON. Perhaps the Senator is not au-
thorized to state what the difference between us
is, or what my desire is in regard to it. I mean
to say that it is not safe to authorize a prflvateer
to decide when he may attack neutral commeice.
While that neutral vessel is running the blockade
it is liable to be seized and made a prize of; but
you cannot seize that vessel because you suppose
there is an intention to run the blockade. You
must wait until the act is committed; and you must
seize it duting the commission of the act, not be-
fore and not after. Is it advisable, is it wise for us
to leave that delicate and nice question to be de-
cided by an interested privateer? I do not say that
privateers are worse than other men; but 1 say
their interest is in seizing that booty, and I do not
wish to hold up that temptation to them.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator fi om Connecticut
says it is not safe to intrust to the commander of
a privateer the privilege to examine a vessel, or
to determine whether he can capture her or not;
and yet we have tu-day in oui Navy more than
one hundred vessels,! apprehend, commanded by
the same class of men, volunteer officers; and
many of them, I have no doubt, appointed upon
the recommendation of that Senator himself.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator is mistaken in re-
gard to that.
Mr. GRIMES. If it be proper for us to au-
thorize these volunteer officers who are in com-
mand of a national vessel to visit and search the
vessel of another nation, I should like to know
why we may not, with equal propriety, authorize
the captain of a privateer to do the same thing,
when we—mark it—reserve it to ourselves to grant
the letters of marque to the commander of that
vessel or not; we reserve to ourselves the right
to determine for ourselves whether or not he is
such a man as we would feel justified in intrust-
ing with so high a privilege.
The Senator from Kentucky—and I rose to
reply to one or two suggestions from him—pro-
poses that we shall authorize the President to
issue a bounty or a leward, I believe, to private
individuals, owners of ships, to induce them to
go out and capture the Florida and Alabama. All
1 have to say in regard to that is, fust, if they go
out without commission and authority from the
President of the United States, passed under a
law of Congress, they violate the law of nations.
If they go with authority from the Piesident of
the United States, under a law of Congress, then
they beai letters of nmique and reprisal, the very
thing i desire to have issued by authority of law.
Mr. DA V IS. W ill the Senator hear, my amend-
ment read '
Mr GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. It is to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, and to insert:
That the President of the United States bo, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay to the oflieois, crew, am! own-
ers of Mich ship oi ship-, wlueh may he put regularly into
commission ami the seiviccol the United States, twice the
amount of the value ot any ship oi -ships belonging to the
►Stales or people now in msuriection against the United
State* as may bo captuied by any ship to put into their
commission and then seivice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ci.Aititm
the chair.) The question is on the adoption of
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I have two or three different
amendments to offer to that amendment; but as
I understand they are not now in order, I think
perhaps the business of the Senate would be best
advanced if we adopt in committee the amendment
which has been moved by the Senator from Iowa,
and then, when the bill is reported to the Senate,
that will be open to amendment, I understand.
Am I right?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is right.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the best way would be
to reject the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should rather reject itaito-
gethei; but that is the only wuy we can amend it.
Mr. DIXON. I wi«h to say a word in reply-
to the Senator from Iowa, as I did not choose to
interrupt him while he was speaking. The Sen-
ator says that the vessels which are authorized to
sail under this act—privateers, in short—-are to
be commanded by the same class of men as those
who command our national vessels. Admit it.
lie says that some of the officers of vessels em-
ployed by the Government from the piivate ma-
rine were appointed upon my recommendation.
I think upon an examination of the list it will he
seen that far more of them have been appointed
upon his own; but that is immaterial. Suppose
they are the same class of men. Under what au-
thority do they act? In the case of a national ves-
sel, the commander of that vessel acts under the
instruction of his Government. He is told exactly
and precisely what to do. He has his orders. The
Senator may say that rules and regulations are to
be made for the government of these privateers;
but I think he will admit that a commissioned of-
ficer of the Government is more likely to be lim-
ited and controlled by the orders of the Govern-
ment than a privateer by any rules and regulations
that might be made. Itseems to me there is a
very plain distinction between those two cases. In
the one case we leave this power, this discretion,
in the hands of a commissioned officer of the Gov-
ernment, acting under direct instiuctions; in the
other we leave this very delicate matter ofdeciding
what is neutral commerce and what is not, where to
take itand where not, to an interested privateer. It
is not necessary to say that the privateer is always
a very atrocious character. His interest proba-
bly will somewhat govern him. If he finds no
commerce of the enemy to attack, is there not
some danger that he may possibly attack some of
that neutial commerce which, for example, is said
to be found in the harbor of Nassau?
Now, with legard to that, what is that com-
meice? Why, sir, those are English vessels, those
are foreign and not confederate vessels. 1 take
it they have a right to be there. 1 do not wish to
leave it to a privateer to decide whether they in-
tend to run the blockade or not. When they at-
tempt to run the blockade, then is the time, by
such means as the Government may use, to pre-
vent it; but to say that you will authorize a great
number of interested individuals to decide that
question, and that you may as safely place the
powei in their hands as in the hands of author-
ized officers of the Government, acting under a
commission and under orders, is to say what will
not bear examination.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition the Senator
from Connecticut made was, that it was unsafe to
intrust to the kind of officers who command pri-
vateers the great discretion to be exercised in the
right of search and seizure. My reply was, that
we had at least a hundred vessels bearing the com-
mission of the United States, belonging to the reg-
ular Navy, under the chaige and m the command
of precisely such officers as he designated. He now
says that the volunteer officers who are attached
to the regular Navy sail under specific instruc-
tions; but docs he not know that it would be the
right and the duty of the President of the United
States to give specific instructions to those same
men if they were sailing with letters of marque
and reprisal? We give to the President of the
United States the power to make such regulations
as he pleases, to determine when letters of marque
shall be issued, to whom they shall be issued, and
how the right shall be exercised; and we have a
right to presume that he will exercise it discreetly,
and so as to prevent any collision with foreign
Powers.
But it is said that such will be the propensity
of these volunteer officers to acquire plunder and
booty, that they will attack vessels belonging to
nations that are now at peace with us. Will there
