1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8sr.
conformity and subordination to the Constitution,
and in respect of the rights of person and prop-
erty which it guaranties to the American people.
But, sir, I will proceed to state some other tru-
isms springing out of the Constitution. First, the
Constitution of the United States is of perpetual
validity and operation. Its onward movement in
the control of this grand Government of the United
States is, while it exists, as perpetual, as continu-
ous, and as immutable as the laws which regulate
the movement of the spheres that constitute our
solar system. The idea that it is suspended in a
state of war, in any of its provisions, is as great
an absurdity as ever was asserted. Sir, if so ex-
traordinary a feature as that had been intended to
be introduced into this Government by Washing-
ton and by the wise men who made it, would they
not have introduced into it an express provision
to that effect? The proposition is an absurdity, a
solecism; it is an absurdity that does not deserve
a moment's consideration. It stands self-refuted
and self-stultified. Sir, instead of its being sus-
pended in war, instead of thisJEgean shield which
the wisdom and the jealousy of our fathers spread
over every citizen of the United States for his pro-
tection being suspended during the storms of war,
there is much more of reason and necessity that
it should exist, and rule, and protect then, than
during a state of peace.
I admit that there islanguageused in the Consti-
tution which necessary implicationadapts to other
systems of lav/, or parts of them. There are the
muiitime lav/, and the mercantile law, and the in-
ternational law, all imported to be adopted by the
Constitution by some language that is used in that
instrument; but let us inquire for a moment the
extent to which these different and exterior sys-
tems of law are thus adopted, i lay down in re-
lation to that matter this principle, that although the
law of nations, or the mercantile law, or the mari-
time law is to some extent embodied by neces-
sary implication in the Constitution as part of our
extensive and multiform system of law, yet, so far
us there is any reservation of a power from the Gen-
eral Government, or any recognition of a power
to a State, or any assurance of a right liberty to a
citizen of the United States by express language of
the Constitution, that language overrides and re-
peals the national,the maritime, or the mercantile
law, so far as the United States are concerned; and
any principle of those bodies of law which comes
in conflict with any of these provisions of our
Constitution, falls before its dominating force. It
is a universal rule of construction of every instru-
ment, that a conflicting power or right, cannot
be inferred to negative one that is established by
express language. In all cases where the Consti-
tution in terms establishes any power or right, one
in hostility to it, drawn from an exterior body of
jaws, cannot exist and operate to the express one
by implication.
Now, Mr. President, what does the Constitu-
tion further do in relation to the Government
which it creates and organizes? It divides the
whole Government into three general departments;
it invests the legislative power in one body of ma-
gistracy, the executive in another, and the judi-
ciary in a third; and it is one of the most import-
ant and essential principles that these several
departments of the Government should be inde-
pendent of each other and constitute mutual checks
and balances. All the legislative power of the
Government is vested m Congress, the executive
in the President, and the judicial in the courts;
and neither department or its magistracy have any
right to claim any power given to another, unless
under an express provision of the Constitution.
These general remarks lead me to this position:
that the power now under discussion is not an ex-
ecutive power, but is a legislative power; and I
will prove it, I think, to the satisfaction of un-
prejudiced gentlemen. I have stated that Congress
can exercise only delegated powers unu such in-
cidental powers of legislation as are necessary to
carry the expressly delegated powers vested in it
i.ito effect. The judiciary of the United States
can exercise such powers as are vested in the ju-
diciary by the Constitution, to wit, all cases that
arise under the Constitution and the lawsofCon-
gress, and the treaties of the United States; and
it cannot exercise any other powers, nor can it
exercise these until Congress has passed an or-
ganic law for the purpose of declaring, under the
Constitution, the judicial power of our courts.
What powers belong to the President? Only those
that are established and delegated to him by the
Constitution; and he cannot exercise any other
power whatever. Whenever he claims any power
that is not vested in him by the Constitution in
express language or by necessary implication,even
though it be proper and necessary to enable him
to execute such a power, he cannot be the auxil-
iary power but by the agency of an act of Con-
gress. If he seizes upon it himself, he becomes
a usurper, and the citizen may resist him in its
attempted exercise.
According to this view, I am led to the conclu-
sion that the President has no incidental power
whatever under the Constitution. Congress has
all the incidental power that arises under it; and
such of these powers as are necessary and proper
it should organize for the assistance of the exec-
utive and judicial departments of the Government.
This position is clearly maintained by the provis-
ion of the Constitution, that it shall have power—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for currying into execution the foregoing powers, and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any depaitment or officer
thereof."
It required organic laws under the Constitution
to make the departments of the Government, ex-
cept the legislature, effective. Who is to judge
of these incidental powers, of what they shall be,
to what extent and scope they shall reach? Some
of the implied powers of Congress are very im-
portant, much more so than some of the express
ones, and only less so than any of the express
powers. This great field is to be occupied by the
legislative branch alone. The President has no
right to enter into it. Congress, by the rule of its
own judgment, will confer upon or withhold from.
He can take none of himself without usurpation.
Now, Mr. President, I have reached this prop-
osition : that the power of arresting a citizen, either
in the camps or armies of the United States or in
civil liTo, is a legislative powei. The President
himself lias not the power to arrest and punish a
soldier in the camp, and in the actual service of the
country, unless it be under and by authority of
Congress. He may do u by the Articles of War;
but the Articles of War are a law of Congress.
If he may not exercise that power in relation to a
soldier, how much stronger is the position that he
cannot arrest or punish a private citizen, and dis-
connected from the armies and navies of the Uni-
ted States. I will endeavor to make this position
good,too.
Whete is the power expressly vested in the
President to arrest a citizen, and to hold him in
imprisonment? Where is the provision or the
language of the Constitution that confers, by im-
plication, such a power? There is none. That
mischievous dogma, that the Constitution of the
United States is suspended during the war, and
that the President may do every act which, in his
judgment, enables him to subdue the enemy, in
its atrocity and in its mischievous effects never,
never has been equaled. If he has a right to usurp
one power that is not vested in him, but in other
magistracy by the Constitution, he has the right
to usurp all others. It is like the tradition of the
French in relation to St. Denis. They say that
when he was beheaded he rose upon his feet and
walked off two steps. A priest was once endeav-
oring to prove it to a listener, and, said he, " I do
not know but what he walked two hundred steps
instead of two." 44 Well," said the man, " my
dear friend, just prove to me that he walked two,
and 1 will concede the two hundred." So here,
if the President of the United States can usurp a
single power, to suspend one provision or right
or liberty secured by the Constitution to the cit-
izen, lie can usurp all other poweis, and suspend
all other rights and liberties. He becomes the
Slate.
Now, sir, let us see what,are some of the pow-
ers of Congress:
" To boriow money on the cicdit of the United Suites.
••To i^gulatc commence withfoieisn nations, and among
the M'Vial States, and with thp Indian tube*.
u To establish an unifoi to i a!" of naturalization, and uni-
form lawn on the buhject of bankruptcies throughout the
Unit.'d States.
To com money, iemulate the value thei jof, and of foi-
eign coin, and fix the standards ol wvi'dit^ and uu>asuu's.
'•Tomovuie fin the punishment oi couutmi'Wting the
peeuiities and current com of the I'mtod States.
To establish post offices and po-a (oad^.
" To promote tin# pro£c* s« of and useful ait*shy
securing for limited times to authors and inventors the ex-
clusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.
"To constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court.
"To define and punish piracies and felonies committed
on the high seas, and offenses against the law of nations.
"To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal*
and make rules concerning captures on land and water."
"To raise and support armies; but no appropriation of
money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years.
" To provide and maintain a navy.
" To make rules for the government and regulation of the
land and naval forces.
"To provide for calling forth the militiato execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions.
" To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and for governing such part of them as may be em-
ployed in the service of the United States, reserving to the
States respectively the appointment of tbe officers, and the
authoiity of training the mihtia according to the discipline
prescribed by Congress.
uTo exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatso-
ever over such district (not exceeding ten mites square) aa
may, by cession of particular States, and the acceptance
of Congress, become the seat of the Government of the
United States," &c.
Now, sir, let us examine a little further these
startling positions that the Constitution is sus-
pended during the war, and that the President may,
during the war, assume any and all powers which
by the Constitution are differently vested, and in-
deed other imaginable powers. He may then as-
sume the whole of these vast and important pow-
ers of which I have just read the schedule. Ia
there any man here so bold as to take that posi-
tion? One more fatal to liberty and to constitu-
tional government could not be assumed. It is
true that the President, in general terms, assumes
that he may exercise all powers which, in his
judgment, may enable him to subdue the enemy.
Grant that, sir, and the Constitution is not worths
the parchment upon which it is written; it is a dead
corse; the principle of popular government which
was breathed into it by Washington and his asso-
ciates will have fled forever.
Has any President of the United States at any
time heretofore, in time of peace or war, or at any
time before the present year of grace, ever at-
tempted to assume power, either specially or in
general terms, that would involve his right to cx-
eicise all the poweis which this schedule confers
upon Congress? Never, sir, never.
During the war of the Revolution we had no
constitution whatever until about 1781. The Ar-
ticles of Confederation were finally agreed to by
the States in 1781, 1 think; I have forgotten the
exact date. General Washington at that time was
th^Commander-in-Chief. Themostsupertluousof
all works, and especially by me, would be to say
a word in eulogy of Washington. His sense of
truth, right, and justice was of as binding obliga-
tion upon him as an express constitution and the
oath from any other man to support it. And how
did he treat this question of arrests in that long
and terrible struggle? I will read extracts from
Sparks's Washington Papers:
"General Howe, the British commander at Boston, hav-
ing issued ptoelamauons oppressive to the Whigs leniain-
ing in that town. Geneial Washington, who was in com-
mand of Tiie beMegmg army, detei mined to retaliate. On
the 1-jth of N'ovcmUctj 1775, he gave wiitten instiucttons
to Colonel William Palfrey, of his staff, who was at Ports-
mouth, New llamp^lme:
u 1 That you will delay no time in causing the seizure of
every officer of the government at Portsmouth who has
given proof of his unfriendly disposition to the cau*e wo
are engaged m ; and when you have secured all such, take
the opinion of tbe Provincial Congiess or/Committee of
Safotv, in what mannei to dispose of them in that govern-
ment." I do not mean that they should be kept in close
confinement. If either of these bodies should incline ^o
send them to any interior towns upon their parole not to
leave them until released, it will meet with my concur-
rence. For the present, 1 shall avoid giving you the like
order in respect to the Tories in Portsmouth ; but the day is
not far off when they will meet with this or a worse fate,
if there is not a consideiable leformation in their conduct.
Of tin* they may re^t assuied from, sir, jour most humble
servant.''5—Sparks's Writing of JVas)dn*ton,vo\.Z, 159.
"General Washington wrote to Governor Trumbull, of
Connecticut, on the 12th of November, 1775." * *
+ "4 As it 1-4 now very apparent that we have noth-
ing to depend on in the present contest hut our own strength,
caie, firmness, and Union, should not the same measures
be adopted in your and evety other government on this
continent? Would it not be piudent to seize on those
Tones who have been, aie, and that we know will be, ac-
tive against us: Why should pei ons, who are preying upon
the vuals of their country, hp suffered to stalk at large, while
we know they will do u-> eveiy mischief in their power?
These, sir, ate points I beg to submit to your serious con-
sideration/ Sparfci'sJPritiv g<t of Washington, vol. 3,159.
'• General Washington, m a loiter to Governor Cooke,
of Rhode Island, dated Cambridge, January b. 1776, said: **
* + * * "4I icceived a tatter from Governor
Trumbull of the Kt instant, by which I am informed that
ti  * Connecticut Assembly ure very unanimous iu the com-
