1862.
the congressional globe.
and lost to the other his crown and sent liim an
exile into foreign countries. Have we come to
this, that an act of tyranny, of oppression, which
in England lost a head to one monarch and a dia-
dem to another, shall be claimed as the constitu-
tional right of the Presidentof the United States?
Sir, here is a short argument upon this question
of habeas corpus, which, to my mind and judg-
ment, is unanswerable: the power to pass a law
is a legislative power, it is not an executive one;
the power to repeal a law is a legislative power,
it is not an executive one. What is the suspen-
sion of a law hut its temporary repeal ? The only
executive fune!ion in relation to a law is to en-
force it. What process of reasoning, what rule
of loo-ic, would allow the President of t he United
States the power to suspend a law that would not
give him the greater power of repealing it?
1 will make one other remark in this connection,
and go o ii. There is a tribunal, and a peaceful one,
under our Government to test the validity and the
constitutionality of laws. What tribunal is that?
That of the last resort is the Supreme Court.
Our system is peaceful. It was never intended
to be violent, even in the form of secession, or
resistance to unconstitutional laws. It was con-
ceived in the spirit of peace, and its provisions
are for a peaceful redress and reform, if there be
a defect. For that reason the courts of the United
States are made the tribunal to decide every case
which may arise under the Constitution, and the
laws of Congress, or treaties; and whenever a
question comes legitimately and fairly before the
Supreme Court of the United States, anil is there
decided, it is decided for the government of the
President, and of every other officer and citizen.
Jt is heretical, it is disorderly and revolutionary,
for the decisions of the Supreme Court in relation
to constitutional questions to be agitated and re-
sisted and to be defied by executive usurpation;
and the courts have all pronounced the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus to be legislative,
and, under our Constitution, to belongexclusive-
ly to Congress.
Some of the arrests which have been made by the
President of the United States, although I do not
justify, I excuse. I will give an example. There
'was a citizen of my own State, Governor More-
head, who was of southern sympathies, and at
length became to be a secessionist. He went to
Atlanta, and there addressed in a public speech
the rebels of the South. He came home, and he ,
made speeches in opposition to the execution of |
the laws by the President, and took the ground j
upon the stump and in private conversations that i
the President had no right to raise any military |
force in the State of Kentucky to put down the m- ;
surrection. I was in Frankfort daring the session
of the Legislature last September a year, and saw
Governor Morehead there; and I was present in
the Capitol hotel whenareportcamethatthe whole >
army of Banks upon the upper Potomac had been !
cut up; and never did I see a man more exultant j
and ecstatic in ins delight than was Governor
Morehead. He took the ground against the es-
tablishment by the Presidentof the United States
of Camp Dick Robinson, in Kentucky, and he
invoked the people of that State to make war on
that cam}) until tiu y had driven and expelled it
from the State. Ho assumed that the President
had no power in tiiftt State. For this conduct, I
sny that the President was excusable in cxercis-
iiv irregularly a legislative power, by causing
Governor Morehead to be arrested and impris-
oned; and 1 would have approved his impiison-
ment to this day. He was discharged;and aitcr
he had obtained his liberty he went across the seas,
unci now is using his talents and his influence with
our natural enemies there, France and England,
to induce them to interpose in our quarrel, and
to take pail with the rebels.
My predecessor, a few days after the time to
which I have alluded, left the State of Kentucky
and went to Richmond. He went there, to get
service in the confederate armies, and he repaired
to Bowling Green and joined the forces of the
rebels to destroy the Government, of the United
States, and to desolate with fire and swotd his own
native State. If the President of the Unit'-d States
could have ordered any of his officers to seize and
hold John C. Breckinridge and Humphrey Mar-
shall, although 1 should "have said that it was an
unauthorized power, 1 should still have excused
it. I wish Old Hickory had been here last March
a year ago. He wpuld not have pleased some, of
these gentlemen from the North, if herein power,
with his indomitable courage and will. I recollect,
many years ago, I read a correspondence between
him and James Monroe, when there was a ques-
tion whether he or Madison should be nominated
for President. He took ground against Madison
because, he said, to use his own expressive lan-
guage, we should have a war with England, and
Madison could not look upon sccncs of blood
and carnage with composure. I recollect that in
the course of that correspondence to the Hartford
convention, ho said if he had been the military
commander of the department in which that con-
vention sat, if it had been the last act of his life he
would have hun* the three principalleaders. if he
; had been President, instead of James Buchanan,
j when the missionaries of treason dared to present
; themselves in this capital, he would have seized
1 the traitors, and he would have had them hung
, before they regained their libeity. That would
l not have been justifiable, but it would have been
! excusable.
Mr. HALE. Commendable.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, it would have been
commendable; and if he had been here at the last
session and heard Senators in this Chamber and
Representatives in the Hall, invoking the people
of America to disregard the Constitution and to
trample it under foot for the purpose of abolish- j
in°" slavery; and if he had heaul the harangues of :
yemr Clieever and your Phillips and other such
miscieant traitors as have contaminated thiscity,
he would have seized upon them also, and have
hud them luing. If he had beta President for the
last two years, some of the gentlemen around me
would have felt a very strong choking sensation
about this time—no doubt about that. [Laugnter.]
It is this omission of the President to arrest and
hang abolition traitors, who have been for long
years making war on the Constitution, and who
had cooperated and were cooperating with the se-
cessionists at the beginning of the war, in their
i attempts to destroy, and so continued until the
| President lent himself to their nefarious scheme
j of abolishing the Constitution to abolish slavery;
! that is one cause of the disgust of the_people at
! this whole business of arrest and imprisonment.
I But, sir, what is the remedy for those who are
] wronged by these arrests? The President ot the
United States is as much subject to the Constitu-
tion and the law as the doorkeeper of this House
—as the humblest citizen in the nation. Will
Senators gel up here and say that because a man
' is a rebel, or disloyal, or suspected of disloyalty,
he has no rights whatever of person or property.'
What sort of proposition is that?
Every tiaitor, every felon, every sympathizer
with rebellion is entitled to every right which the
; Constitution and the law give him. I maintain
I' that the President, or the commander m the field,
! is as much subject to the law as the humblest
|j citizen. It is the panoply of every man; none so
;i low that its protection will not reach him; none so
j exalted, by place or power, as to be above it. 1 he
Piesident has no right to make an arrest at ail.
• When ho does it, he exercises a legislative power,
ij as I have before said. X have said that I would
;! excuse him in such cases as I have put for the
i i exercise of such an irregular power, but 1 wou.d
II hold him to this responsibility. He should, as to
\ every case, make a full report of it to Congress.
|: Is the President and every subaltern officer of his
ii clothed with the power to defy the Constitution
'1 and tile law, and to arrest a man at will and to
i liuld him m prison according to their own dis-
;j cretion without any responsibility? Suppose the
! | eminent lawyer from Vermont [Mr. Coi.lamer]
i' was a judge now, as he has been, and adorned
i1 the bench which he filled, by his ability and legal
ii learning, by his integrity and devotion to theOon-
'' stitution; suppose he now was clothed with that
sacred ermine, and General Stone were brought
before him on a writ of habeas corpus, to know
upon what ground and by what authority he had
been aricsted and was detained in prison, ana
there was no ground filed; there was no charge
made; it was found to be an arbitrary arrest, with-
out process or charge or a cause assigned, would
he hesitate to deliver General Stone—to tell him
to go free? Certainly he would not. He knows
that it would be his duty to inquiie into the suf-
ficiency of the cause of his arrest and detention.
If that cause was legal, he had 110 right to hear
the case finally upon its merits, but simply to dis-
charge the prisoner; and where the arrest was
legal he would send the prisoner back te prison.
i; No person shall be Held to answer for a capital, or otli-
envise infamous crime, unless on a presentment pr in-
dictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising In U«r
land or naval foices, or in the militia when in aeioal ser-
vice m time of war or public danger; nor shall any person
be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy
of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any cnmlnal ease-
to be a witness against lumselt; nor be depuved of lite,
libel IV, oi piopertv, without due process of law, nor shall
private property be taken for public use, without just com-
pensation.'5
This clause of the Constitution is one of Hie
citadels of the liberty of the citizen.
The honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. *es-
senden"] attempted to draw a distinction between
the. oaths of office of the President and the other
officers of Government. Why, sir, the language
in his oath of office, that he shall protect, support,
and defend the Constitution, makes his obligation
more emphatic and more obligatory, if possible,
than ours, which is simply to support the Consti-
tution. <, . ,
I am about to state what some men may think
a startling proposition. My honorable friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has been a great
criminal lawyer, especially in the prosecution of
criminals. 1 believe he was district attorney for
some years, and a very successful one, and 1 be-
lieve every smuggler and pirate had an inherent
dread of him. Well, sir, if the President, or his
General-in-Chief, General Hallock, or his Sec-
retary of War was about to arrest any citizen
whatever without a warrant, that citizen might
resist the attempt to arrest him. Yes, sir, he may
resist it to this extent—the attempt is to deprive
him of his constitutional liberty. The laws and
the Constitution give him the right to defend tha t
libel tv, and to oppose with the necessary force ai,
who assail it. If the assault upon his liberty is
persisted m to an extent to render it neccssary, he
mav use such force as will secure him his liberty,
though it result in the death of the President or ^
the General-in-Chief or the Secretary of War.
He may do that; and whenever that man thus
committing homicide, excusable homicide, in de-
fense of his own liberty, should beanaigned upon
the charge, there is no legal knowledge and no
eloquence of any advocate on earth that could
convict him of murder.
The President and all men who do these acts
are trespassers—trespassers by the law. They
may be sued as tiespasscrs, and when they are
they can give the whole state of fact in evidence
before the jury in mitigation of damages; and m
such cases as have occurred and many others
the verdict of the jury would be that the plain ti ft
recover one cent. But, sir, this Congress, with
all its fancied power, with all the power which it
may imagine appertains to it in time of war, can
pass no law that would screen the Presiden t of the
United States from an action of trespass m such
a state of fact as that, in the name of the humblest
citizen of America. No, sir; any act which you
may pass on the subject being pleaded as a de-
fense. would be laughed at by a lawyer engaged
in the prosecution, and would be hooted m scorn
by any rrian sitting as a judge who had the legal
learning and independence that should belong to
a com t. . .,
The President gives all these facts in evidence.
The President or other officer may have another
indemnity. Congress may pass a law appropri-
ating money to indemnify him for pecuniary loss,
as iThas done in many cases. In all cases where
the facts were such as in the case referred to by the
Senator from New Hampshire, the true andloynl
people of the whole country would excuse the ar-
rest and detention. Nominal damages would be
recovered in all such cases.
I was struck with a remark made a few dnvs
since by the honorable Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Trumiiuix.I He said that all these disloyal prac-
tices on the part of discontented citizens might
and ought to be provided for by law; that lie had
reported a bill from the Judiciary Committee at
the last session for that purpose, and he invoked
tne last sessiuu iui    . , t ,
the other day, as he did again and again about the
close of the last session, tnat the Senate shou.d
take up his bill and pass it. It is a matter coming
within the domain of legislative action:; it isa mat-
ter that,Congress may provide for and ougiu to
provide'for by its own legislation.
