90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
The honorable Senator's complaint was just.
The cases far which his bill provides admit of no
other constitutional remedy. Because we fold our
arms here and quarrel about the eternal negro;
because some of us want to abolish the Constitu-
tion in order to abolish slavery; and because some
men's minds and heads are so filled with the sub-
ject and idea of' the negro and his liberation that
they cannot "take interest in anything beside, is
that any excuse why Congress should fail in its
duty to pass laws defining as crimes and penal
offenses all such acts, and making them punish-
able by the law ? The fact that, to use the ex-
pressive phrase of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, Congress has been dcrelict in its duty in
not passing such a law, forms no justification to
the President for making an arbitrary and uncon-
stitutional arrest, but is an excuse.
Now, Mr. President, inclosing these remarks,
I would make an especial appeal to the Senators
from the small States, and my own State is not a
large one. Are you, gentlemen, going to give your
sanction, deliberate or otherwise, to the breaking
up of our Constitution? Do you expect, when
that great fabric has been shivered, and its dis-
jected parts are gitfen to the points of the compass,
that it will ever be reconstructed and be as it has
been ? Will it ever be reformed, to give to Dela-
ware or Rhode Island the same representation in
the Senate that New York has? Let me ask your
attention to one or two facts,of population.
I have here a table of the population of the six
New England States. Here is Maine, 628,729;
Massachusetts, 1,231*066;New Hampshire, 326,-
073; Rhode Island, 174,620; Vermont, 315,098;
Connecticut, 460,174, making an aggregate* of
3,135,760. Here is the State of New York hav-
ing a population of 3,880,735. The State of New
York has more population than the six New
England States; yea, mme! You may throw the
State of New Jeisey in, and the State of New
York has more population than the seven States.
The seven States together have 3,807,795 popu-
lation; about 80,000 iess than the State of New
York. I do not complain of the power that isgiven
to the small States by the Conslitution in the Sen-
ate, in (he government of their country. It has
been in the mam wisely and conservatively ex-
ercised, by some of the States eminently so; by
some of them eminently mischievous. But you
small States, that have such an advantage in the
ropn-senfation of the States in the Senate over
the groat ones, aic you going to allow this Con-
stitution to bo overturned to deprive you of such
a great protection?
When you find men actuated by fanaticism or
hypocrisy, or devilish hate to slavery and slave-
holders—because there are many men in Congress
and out of Congress who hate a slaveholder agreat
deal worse than they do the devil—are you going
to permit men who would thus march upon the
Constitution for its destruction to complete their
work; are you going to lend your hands to make
such a tumble rum? In the name of my country;
of our common country and its glorious Consti-
tution, and the memory of the immortal men who
made it, 1 protestagainstyourallowingyourselves
* " thus to be used. You ought to come to the res-
cue; and all men who arc patriots, who have cour-
age and love of liberty and devotion to the Con-
stitution, should do all that can be done for the
preservation of this noble instrument.
I am no prophet, but I will tell you where we
are drifting to. The power of the nation and of
this Government is in the valley of the Missis-
sippi, and that power is going to enlarge from
day to day until it overshadows the Pacific and
the Atlantic slopes. The people of the great West
and the Northwest understand this Constitution,
the masses of them. They have given their minds
and their hearts to its support. They will, when
it becomes necessary, give their lives, too, to this
holy cause, and they will be willing martyrs in
its defense and for its preservation. No Utopian
dream for the freedom of the negio will ever lure
or corrupt them from their allegiance to the Con-
stitution. They know that the State of Kentucky
has as much right to continue that condition of
the African race, domestic slavery, as Massachu-
setts or Rhode Island had to abolish it. The Con-
stitution is so wiitten. That is its provision; that
is its spirit. Away with this nonsense, that sla-
very has been the cause of the war.
How many wars have been waged, the Christian
religion being the pretext. What oceans of blood
have been shed in the name of our holy religion,
and to propagate the faith that was given to us by
the Redeemer of the world. Will you charge the
Christian religion with having caused these wars,
and say that therefore the Christian religion is to
be put down? Whatcaused the warof 1812? Was
it not the violation of ii free trade and sailor's
rights?" Was it not that England claimed to be
the mistress of the seas, and to exercise upon the
decks of our vessels the ruthless power of drag-
ging native citizens from under the stars and
stripes, and making them fight against their coun-
try under the union jack? You might as well
say, destroy the foreign commerce of the United
States and the shipping of the eastern States, be-
cause this commcrce and shipping was the cause
of that war.
We commenced our struggle for independence
all slavcholdmg colonies; we declared our inde-
pendence as slaveholdingcolonies,and became all
slaveholding States. Every State continued slave-
holding for years after the Declaration of Inde-
pendence,and that immortal instrument made no
i change whatever in the condition of any African
i slave anywhere. I could say with more truth, it
i is because some States have abolished slavery,
that this war has ensued. Sir, if all the New
England States and Pennsylvania and New York
and all the original States had held to slavery, to
the condition in which we were when we fought
through the warof independence, when weadopted
the present Constitution, up to this time, who
dreams that those States who have been urging
the abolition of the Constitution in order to abol-
ish slavery, would ever have entered imo such a
crusade? No one. I can say with more truth than
you, that your abolition of slavery is the cause of
the war.
Wo have held on to this domestic institution,
the normal condition of all the colonies and all
the original States. If you had held on to the
same condition, you never would have had the
fanaticism or the hypocrisy to make a crusade
against our property in slaves. I have heretofore
shown again and again that the States which
clamor most for abolition were the very States
whose ships and seamen brought slaves into the
southern States and sold them. Why is it not
enough for you to say, " We will riu ourselves
of this institution, but as to the other States it is
their affair, and let them do as they please about
it?"
I was saying to you, Mr. President, that you
had better beware; yes, sir, I say to you, you had
better beware.
The people of the United States are getting tired
of this eternal agitation of the slave subject, and
especially arc they tired and have they condemned
the course of Congress and of the Executive in
relation to this matter since the commencement of
the war, and the policy upon which the war has
been conducted. When I went home after the
close of the last session despondent, and when in
September I read the extraordinary proclamations
! of the President, my heart sank within me, and I
j had but a feeble palpitating hope for my country
| and its constitutional liberty; but in a few months
j afterward, when the unbought freemen, the sane,
j loyal, and conservative freemen of the North, rose
I in their might after the solemn promulgation of
! this policy, and so soon after the presidential
, edicts, and passed their judgment by such a ma-
i; jority m condemnation of that policy in so many
|| and suchimportantStates, my heart and my hope
j| loomed up again, and I felt that the day of my
II country's deliverance, and of the deliverance of its
Constitution, was at hand. I care not by what
name and under what banners those victories
were achieved; but in the Empire State I read the
names of Fillmore and Hall and Ilunt: and in that
great minority that was given in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, i read the names of those great judi-
cial lights, Curtis and Parker; and in Pennsyha-
ma, Baird and others, who never were Democrats.
, I ne\ci gave a Democratic political vote in my life.
P I have voted for Democrats for judicial office.
!j But I care not what banner is raised, or who
jj marches under that banner; when the host that
j! rallies under it bring forward the Constitution
|! and renew their fealty to it, and under the stars
j and stripes strike for that Constitution and the re-
J; construction and perpetuation of the Union with-
• out the least munition of or addition to it, I join
that embattled host, and I care not who is the
leader or what is its name. It is an inspiring
prospect, for the day of deliverance is at hand.
You fanatics of the North will have to succumb
to it. I tell you that the growing multitudinous
greatness of the Mississippi valley is the power
of this nation. They are tired of these continued
infringements, whether on the part of the Execu-
tive or Congress, uporrthe Constitution, upon the
rights of persons and property.
They want some peace from this eternal negro
agitation. They are willing to accept that peace
upon the basis of the Constitution. That is all
we ask.
You that will not heed this warning which has
•been given in the thunder tones of an intelligent
people, may live to witness a reconstruction of
the Union that will turn Maine and New Hamp-
shire, I am sorry to say, and Massachusetts, out
into the cold and frozen regions of the Northeast.
A nation and a Constitution may be reconstructed,
the people of which are willing to abide by the
compromises and concessions of their loved Con-
stitution. I hope that you will yet think better of
your great heresy; dismiss your mad, wicked,
ruinous project of abolishing the Constitution to
abolish slavery; come back to the Constitution
and its compromises, to the spirit in which it was
formed by the convention, and ratified by the
States,and we shall still have peace, and I hope
an indefinite duration to this glorious Union.
I love the New England States as a part of my
common country. I admire the creative mind and
energy of that people, their general intellect, their
' devotion to letters and science, and especially to
mechanism, and their chivalry upon the seas.
Why, sir, it is as natural for a New England man
to become a sailor, and a great sailor, as it is for
a duck to take to water. It was their hardy sea-
men that, in the war of 1812,gained about fifteen
hundred victories over the slyps of Great Britain,
and carried the stars and stripes within the ports
of England themselves. I do not want to part
with those people; but, gentlemen, I want peace;
this nation wants peace. This nation is determ-
ined to have this war conducted upon constitu-
tional principles. It will have it. The people are
for it. They will send representatives here to carry
out their will and their purpose. I exhort you to
yield to this will of the people, and cany on the
war according to the Crittenden resolution. If it
had been carried on upon the principles of that
resolution, in my judgment it would long since
have been triumphantly closed, and the Union
restored.
I wish to state one fact in reply to a suggestion
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] and
I am sorry he is not in his scat. It seems to me
that every man who is at all extreme in his posi-
tion on the slave subject turns aside to give Ken-
tucky a lick. He assumed the extraordinaiy
position that three fourths of the mihtaiy popu-
lation of Kentucky were in the confederate army.
I do not know the exact number of the military
population of Kentucky, but it is between one
hundred and fifty and one hundred and seventy-
five thousand. Although a great many rebels
have gone from Kentucky to join the confederate
army, I am satisfied the whole number docs not
exceed eight thousand; and if every one of them
was made to bite the dust before morning, 1 should
interpose no objection whatever. BuUet me tell
gentlemen that Kentucky has sent into the Union
Army thirty-nine regiments of infantry and three
batteries, and she has nearly completed her four-
teenth regiment of cavahy. Considering the di-
visions in that State, 1 think that is doing very
well.
While I am upon this point I will make another
remaik. I am exceedingly sorry that this Senate
did not pass the bill which came from the House
early last session, in February, authorizing the
State of Kentucky to raise thirty thousand troops
for her own defense, and to be carried into any
other service whenever the President should di-
rect it. If that bill had passed, Morgan would
I never have made his raid into that State; or, if he
1 had, he would have been met by a force that would
■ have overwhelmed and destroyed him. If he had
j not made that successful raid into the State, I do
J not think Smith and Bragg would ever have in-
| vaded it, and I do not believe that Stuart would
j have made his predatory incursion into Pennsyl-
1 vania. I do think that those mournful results
