1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded the pre-
vious question.
On a division there were—ayes twenty-five, noes
not counted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Roscoe
Conkling and Cox were appointed.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I think the resolution ought
to be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
If England can build an Alabama, she can send
nrmed vessels for the purpose specified.
The tellers reported—ayes 30, noes 46; no quo-
rum voting:.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I hope by unanimous con-
sent there will be a recount.
There was no objection.
The previous question was seconded, (the tell-
ers reporting—ayes 64, noes 42,)a d the main ques-
tion ordered; and under the operation thereof the
joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the resolution.'
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pottf.ii and
Haight were appointed.
The previous question was seconded, (the tellers
having reported—ayes 52, noes 40,) and the main
question ordered.
Mr. PIKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alley, Baker, Bingham, Jacob B. Blah,
Samuel S. Blair, William G. Biown, Colfax, Fiedei Ictc A.
Conkling, Itoseoe Conkling, Ciavons, Cuttcnden. Cutler,
Dawes, Dunn, Edwards, fthot, Ely, Thomas A. D. Fes-
senden, Franchot, Frank, Gianger,Guiley, Harrison, IIol-
inan, Keliey, Lansing, Leary, McKmjrht,"Mitchell, Nixon,
Nooll, Pation, Riddle, Edward II. llolhtw, rfaigent, Sedg-
wick, Segar, Shanks, Shellabargcr, Sloan. St ration, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Van Horn, Van Wyek, Wadsworth,and
VVaid—46.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Ashley,
Baily, Beaman, Biddle, Blake, Buffiriton, Butnhnm, Cal-
veit, Chambeilatu, Clark, Cobb, Cox, Cusfield, Dunlap,
Fmglbh, Fouke, Goodwin* Huighi, Huidmg, Hickman,
Hulehins, Johnson, Julian, William Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Killinger, Knapp,Lazear,Lovejoy, Jjow. McPher.^011,Mal-
lory, May, Maynard, Monzies, Moorhead, Anson P. Mor-
illl, Justin S.Mornll, Noble. Noiton, Pmdleton, Terry,
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Poineroy, Porter, Poller, John
H. Rice", Richaulson, Robinson, James s. Iio!ims, Wmith,
Spaulding, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Tumble, Yal-
landigham, Van Valkenbuigii, Verree, Walker, Wall. Al-
bert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wicfcliffe, Wilson,
Woodruff, Worcester, and Wiight—71.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldiers' pay.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas grievous delays happen in the payment of money
due soldiers: Therefore, in order to ascertain if any and
what legislation may be neeessaiy to remedy such delays.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tiea&urybe icquostcd
to furnish to this House the reasons why iequisition<s ot pa>~
masteis in the Army are not promptly filled.
bonded public debt,
Mr. POMEROY offered the folio wing joint res-
olution :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
Tnat the Secietaiyoflhe Tieasuryof the United States he,
and lie is hereby, anthomed and empowered to pay in com
any poition of the bonded public debt maturing and falling
due pievious to the 1st of January, 1862.
Mr. COX. I would inquire of the gentleman
from New York what part of the public debt he
proposes to pay in coin at this timer
Air. POMEROY. The resolution states the
bonded debt which matures before the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1862.
Mr. COX. I want an explanation. I know
that three or four millions of the public debt, un-
der the a^t of 1842, come due this year, and which
are held, 1 suppose, by persons m this country.
What I want to know is, whether the House will
sanction a resolution which authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Thmsui'v to allow some of our citizens
to make a million dollars by having their bonds
paid in com, and whether it is neeessaiy to the
credit of ihu £ro vermin: nt that the resolution should
pass?
Mr. POMEROY'. I understand there are only
between two and three millions of the bonded debt
manning within the time referred to in the reso-
lution, and I suppose of course the Government
ought not, whether it will undertake to do so or
not, to pay bonds issued years ago in green-backs
issued during the past year. At any rate, the pub-
lic faith requires that this bonded d^bt should be
paid in coin.
Air. COX. I think the resolution had better go
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Air. MALLORY. I move that it be referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
Mr. HICKMAN introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Apiculture be di-
rected to inform this- House, at the earhe>i day piacticable,
of the number of clerk* and othei persons rngagod in the
whole lm<>ines<« of the Department, together with the names
of the same, the salaiy and pity ot each, the nature of their
employment, the length of tune of then respective service ;
and a'so the amount of monei expended since hits appoint-
ment I'm seeds, plants, and cuttings.; the quantity o! differ-
ent kinds, with their respective pi ice; when, where, and
by whom purchased.
assistant ASSESSORS.
Mr. BABBITT introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiucted to inquireintothoexpedieneyof pjovid nacom-
pensation to assistant asse^soi-- lor traveling expenses ne-
cessarily incurred by them in the discharge of their orrieial
duties.; and leport by hill or othei wi-e.
NON-COMBATANT PRISONERS.
Mr. ANCONA introduced the following reso-
lution, and upon it demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Seciotary of War be directed to in-
form the House what ''tops, if any, have been taken tor
the relief of sutler* and oth^r non-combatants attached to
our Atmy, now heid as piisoners at Richmond and else-
where.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
acts op paymasters, etc.
Air. McPHERSON introduced the following
resolution; which was reed, considered,and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
directed to inquire whether additional legislation, and if
any, what, is necessary to prevent its evasion or violation by
paymastus oi pajmastois' cleiks. of the act of June 18,
18fi2, pioviding that company officer* of volunteer* shall be
paid upon the muster and pay lolls of their companies, party,
or detachment, and not otherwise, except when on detached
service, without troops, or on leave of absence; and that
they have leave to report by bill.
EXPENDITURES AT BEAUFORT, SOUTH CAROLINA .
Mr. CALVERT introduced the following tes-
olution:
Resolved, That the Senetary of War be directed to fur-
njf-h the House with a statement of the expenditures of the
quarteuna-ter's depaitment at Beaufort, South Carolina, on
account of the eontiaband fund, a« it is termed, embracing
tiic monthly report of the quartermaster nt that place, and
fdiowjnj* the number and description of persons paid out of
that fund for each of the la^t thiec months.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay that resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. CALVERT. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was not agreed
to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. CALVERT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yoas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to refer the resolu-
tion to th'"> Committee; on Military Affairs.
Mr. CALVERT. Upon that resolution I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeicd.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 77, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Bemnan, Gingham, Samuel S UUi> P>Uikc Buflint on
Burnham. Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A, Uonk-
ling, Roscoe Conkling, Oovode, Dawes. Edgarton, Eiiot,
Eiy, Thomas A. D. Fessendon, Fisher, Franchot, Gooch,
Goodwin, Gurley, Haight, Harrison, Hickman/ Hooper,
Hutehins. Julian, Keliey, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing,
Loom is, Lovejoy. Low, McKnight, McPhPr<nn, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Jy'ixon,
Noell, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter,
Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John H, Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Saigr-m, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks*Sheffield, SheJla-
barger, Sloan, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.Thomas,
Tiowbridsje, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall,
Wallacc, Washburne, Albert S. White. Jame* F, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—77.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Daily, Rid-
dle, William G. Brown, Calvert, Cobb,Oox. Craven^, Cris-
field, Dunlap, Engli-h, Granger, Hall, Harding, Hoiman,
Johnson, Kenisjan, Killin^er, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Leary,
Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Morris, Norton. Odell, Pen-
dleton, Perry, I'ichardson, John B. Steele, Stiles, Francis
Thomas, Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Ward, Chilton A*
White, Wicklifte, Woodruff, and Wright—42.
jj So the resolution was referred to the Commit*
jj tee on Military Affairs.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE TO ASSESSORS.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po^tOffiee and Post
I'oads bo directod to inquire into the expediency of giving
the Iraukius; puvilege to the assessors of the internal rev-
enue.
PAYMENT TO LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, introduced a bill to
provide for compensating loyal citizens for proper-
ty taken for the use of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
oath of allegiance.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to inform this
House, if in his opinion not inconsistent with the public
interest, whether in any oath of allegiance or parole in-
quired to be taken by any prisoner held in custody a-? a so-
called political piisoner, theie has been insetted a oIihisp
to the elfeet that ho should not bring suit for tlie rccovoiy
of damages for such imprisonment, or that he should not
oppose, by speech or otherwise, the war measures of the
Administration.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay that resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in tho
affirmative—yeas 77, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bakoi, Heaman, l>in«;ham, Samuel S.Blair, Blake, Buffin-
ton, Chnmbeilam, Clark, Colfax^FrPdenek A. Conkling,
Covode, Cutler, Dawes, Delano,Duoll,Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Eiy, Samuel C. Fe^endcn, Thomas A. D. Fessen-
dfn, Fisher, Fianchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley,
Harrison, Hooper, Hutehins, Julian, Keliey, Lansing,
Loomis, Lovejoy,Low, Maynaid, Mitchell, Moorhead, An-
son P. Won ill, Justin P. Mors ill, Noell, Timothy G. Phelps,
Piko. Pomeroy, Porter, Pott<n, Alexander H.Rice, John
II. Rice, [tiddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Segar,
.Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaitf'-i, Sloun, Stevens, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas Tiowbridge, Van Horn, Van Val-
kenburgh. Veirce, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Washburne,
Albeit S. White, Wilson, YVmdom, and Worcester—77.
NAYS—Me~!=ts. Ancona, P.aily, Biddle. Jacob B. Blair,
William G. Brown, Calvert, Roscoe Conkling, Conway,
Cox, Cravens, Crisfieid, Dunlap, English, Harding, IIol-
main Johnson, Kerrigan, Kiillnger, Knapp, Law, Lasear,
Mallory, Meuzios, Morn*, Nixon. Noiton, Pendleton,
Perry, Richardson, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele. Stiles,
Francis Thomas, Vallandigham. Voorhee«s, Wadsworth,
Ward, Chilton A. White, WickJiffe, Woodruff, Wright,
and Yeaman—43.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
AK3IY STATISTICS.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced the following
resolution, and called for the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofWarbeinstruetcd torom-
inumcatc to tins House : 1st. the whole number of ttnops
furnished by each State since the war commenced, qivmg
the number ofthiee months men under the call fos soventy-
five thou>aud unm ; 2d, the number furnished by f-nch State
uudei the c.\il for five handled thousand ni^n, ■•taUsiy tlie
numbei of one. two, and three yeais men fuin^hed b\ each;
3d, thenumherofvolunteersturnishcd hy cji'mi riritf undei
the call fur thiee hundied thousand voluntcei^, whh i!u«
terms of sei vice, whether tor one, two. or tl.ie-- \ ear-, <u sor
nine months; 4th, the number of men iurnUhed i>> each
!?tate under the last call for three hundred thou-aiul i eii,
statins whether they wore diafted or volunteered ; oth, the
quota assigned to each State under the ©aid respective calls
for tjoops.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to lay the
resolution on the
