94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15
Mr. PENDLETON called for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 40: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker. Bing-
ham, Jacob H.IMnh, Blake, Butnnton, Chamberlain, Claik,
Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Covnde,
Cutler, Dawes, Bdgerion, Ehot, Elv, Thomas A. 0. Fes-
senden, Fisher, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gur-
ley, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper,Uorton,Uutcbins,Kelley,
Francis, \V. Kellogg, Kilhngcr, Lansing, Lovejoy, Low,
McPheison. Moorhend, Anson P. Mojrill, Jus-ttn S. Mor-
rill, NY\on,Noell, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pome-
rov, Pnrtei. Potter, Alexander II. 1'ioe, John II. Rice, Pid-
dle,Edward fl.Rollins,Sargent, Shanks. Sheffield. Shella-
bargei, Sloan, Stevens, Siratton, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Trowbridge, van Hory, Van Valkenbuigh, Yciree, Wal-
lace, Wa^iiburnc, Albert St. White, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Worcester—71.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Daily, Pid-
dle, ClemenN, Cravens, Lunlap, Dunn, English. Gndcr,
Ilardliiir, Hohnan, Kerrigan, ICnapp.Law.Lazear.Mallory,
May, Maynrml, Menzies,Mitchell, Morris, Noble, Norton,
Prndleton, l\'uy, Kichard^on, James 3. Rollins, Sluel,
John B. Hteele, Stiles, Francis Thomas, Vallandicham,
Vooihces, Wad^vvorth, Ward, VYickldre, Woodruff, Wnght,
and Teaman—40.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
McCLELLAn's correspondence.
Mr. GUELEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, and called the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Resolvedj That the President be lequestcd to transmit to
this Hou«se, so far as is not incompatible with the public in-
tefst. all correspondence between the Picaidcnt and Gen-
eral George B. McClellan, and between any Depaitmcm
of the Government and General George B. McClellan, since
th.* campaign orihe peninsula was undertaken.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I ask the gentleman to
modify his resolution, so as to include telegraphic
dispatches as well as correspondence by letter.
Mr.GURLEY. They will all be included under
the general term "correspondence."
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SHELLABARGER submitted the follow-
ing n solution:
Hcoit-eJ. That the Committee on Military Afiafis be
directed to inquire and repoit to this House whether any
legislation is necessaiy to seeuie the more piompt exam-
ination of sick and disabled soldiers, Sn reference to their
dicehaige from the seiviee tor permanent disability.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 suggest to the gentle-
man that instead of the reference of his resolution
to the Committee on Military Affairs, it bo re-
ferred to the joint committee on the conduct of the
war, which i believe has the same subject under
consideration.
Mr, SHELLABARGER. I have no special
choice on the subject. I think, however, itis well
enough to let it remain as it is. I understand the
Military Committee, certainly in the Senate, have
the subject under consideration.
Tiie resolution was adopted.
hospital commissioners.
Mr. BLAKE submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
Etiucted to inquire into the expediency of caablishinff a
board of hospital commissioners, to be composed of civil-
ians; the duty of said board to be to look after the sick and
wounded, to facilitate the discharge ol the disabled, and lo
more effectually *eeure tiie comfoitand piovide foi the
wants of soldiers in hospitals; and report by bill or other
wise.
Mr. ALDRICH. If it bo m order, I would
like to move to amend by inserting, after the
word " hospitals," the words "and convalescent
camps."
Mr. BLAKE. I have no objection to that
amendment, and will accept it.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
The SPEAKER announced that the call of the
States for resolutions had been completed.
proposed kew territory.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I we^s absent when
the State of Illinois was called, and ask consent
now to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
No objection being made, Mr. Kellogg, of Il-
linois, submitted the"following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed lo inquire into the propuety of establishing a ter-
ritorial government for that region of eountiy in which ate
situate the Salmon river gold nidies; and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
TAX ON CANAL BONDS.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of taxing the bonds of
canal companies, and report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. MALLORY. I now submit another res-
olution, on which J demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that unanimous consent must be ob-
tained before his resolution can be received.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent, then, to introduce the following resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I object, and move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itsclfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; so the rules were
suspended, and the House accordingly resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Dawes iii the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the President's annual
message, Mr. Cox being entitled to the floor.
meaning of tiie late election's.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, it has been a cus-
1 torn in all civilized countries, and a part of the con-
| stitution of all free countries, for the admmistra-
> tfon to yield to the popular will, whenever it is
\ clearly ascertained. In England, when the min-
I istry is voted down, they sunender their port
j folios to the queen. Even in Parliament, which is
i but an imperfect representative of the British peo-
j pie, no minister, however popular, can withstand
| the sentiment of the Commons. He must lesign,
! or rule under the scorn of the nation. In 1832,
even the Duke of Wellington was not "iron"
enough to resist the popular cry of " reform."
In 1846, when Cobden and Brighton the hustings,
Villiers in the House, and Elliott in song, raised
I the cry of repeal of the corn laws and cheap bread
; fur the people, tiie landed aristocracy, who had
! the power, crumbled before the silent, solvent
j power of the popular voice. Sir Robert Peel, the
j greatest statesman since Chatham, bowed to the
i decree. The nation yet honors him for thismag-
j naninious statesmanship. Later, during the Cri-
] mean war,itsgrossmismanagement,shown upby
| an untrammeled press, drove an incompetent min-
I istry from power by a vote of the Commons. In
] Prussia, in France,and even in Austria, the sov-
ereign and his advisers do not fail to conciliate the
public mind by some graces of obedience. But
here, sir, in tUis boasted free country, when our
great States have pronounced against this Con-
gress and against the emancipation and other
ji schemes here hatched, we have mockery, defiance,
;i and persistency in wrong doing-. The people have
ii raised their voice against irresponsible arrests;
|'i this House, on its first day, votes down my res-
l! olutions, drawn in the language of every bill of
i! rights m America, and refuse inquiry into these
ji outrages upon the citizen. The people have con-
j dcrnned that worst relic of the worst times of
!j French tyranny, the letircs de cachet: yet this
h House, with indecorous hurry, lash through a
j! bill of indemnity, which is to confiscate all the
l! rights and remedy of the outraged citizen—a bill,
;i sir, which, if plead by a minion of power, the
courts will laugh to scorn. The people have con-
,! demned the edict of emancipation, an edict which
,1 Mr. Seward, on the 10th of March last, in a letter
; to Mr. Adams, declared " would reinvigorate the
1; declining insurrection m every part of the South;"
■; yet we have the presidential message, which pro-
i! poses to adhere to the condemned proclamation,
j! and in addition thereto proposes a compensated
ij system of emancipation, running to the end of the
ij century. The people desired the war to be con-
tinned on one line of policy, declared by us last
j July a year, for the Constitution and the Union;
j but this contumacious assembly are determined
| to force it from that line, or abandon the Union.
|j My colleague [Mr. Hrxf hivs] spoke the other
j, day for the majority here, and gloried in that radi-
i| cahsm which would *' remvigorato the rebellion."
[' I think the Irish orator had my colleague m his
!; eye, when he spoke of the^'genins of universal
emancipation." [.Laughter.] Hegloriesin being
I a radical, because he goes to the root. I propose
,j to tap that root for a few moments. His speech
is notupon a new theme, nor is it freshly handled.
Its point is its audacious disregard of the senti-
ment of his own State and of the North. He is
wiser than the 14 elders" of the Republic, whom
he stigmatizes; for they found never, what he has
learned from other and recent souites, that sla-
very and freedom are incompatible in our system.
He pretends that the real cause of the rebellion
lies in this irreconcilable antagonism. He forgets
that seventy-five years of our history disprove his
fallacies. He urges such antagonism for military
reasons; when the truth is, his party got power
by propagating this very heresy of hate. The
scheme of exterminating slavery as a war meas-
ure is an after thought. He claims, moreover, the
right under the Constitution to free all the slaves,
because slavery is incompatible with that clause
which guaranties to each State a republican form
of government. He grows wiser than the "eld-
ers," who framed theConstitution,and who lived
in slave States when it was made. He thinks
the Congress and the Executive can unmake the
State governments, and make new governments
for the South when subjugated, lie thus be-
comes as much of a disunionist and traitor as
Davis. My colleague reproves the Presidentfor
his delusion, because he hopes for relief by com-
pensated emancipation in 1900. In this the dar-
ing radicalism of my colleague outstrips even
that of the Administration. He favors a " Union
as it will be when slavery is eradicated," and
that makes him a radical. He says radicalism
goes to the root. So it does. So the savans whom
Gulliver found, employed the hog to do plow-
ing, to save the wear and tear of honest agricul-
ture. He would have us root out .slavery or die.
Indeed, in picturing our " armies penetrating the
territory of the rebellion, carrying with them this
military order of freedom inscribed upon their
banner," he would have his halting friends, like
the President, "dare" more; he quotes the lan-
guage of Mirabeau, the revolutionist, urging no
revolt—no revolt by halves, no timidity, no hesi-
tation from a sense of duty, no sacrifice of pas-
sion, no half-way indecision in treason; and he
exhorts his confederates in abolition that it is bet-
ter to be resolutely bad than indecisively honest!
This is the language of resolution and the spirit
of Satan as Milton pictures him in hcli. Tiie quo-
tation of my colleague is felicitous; but it is a re-
lief to know that his comrades in revolt have not
thedaringof Davis, the manliness of Mirabeau, or
the intellect of Satan.
He indulges in comparisons between this radi-
calism, which he espouses, and that conservatism
which is now organized under the Democratic
name.
The word " conservative" is not the name of a
part)'-. It is an element now dominantamong the
people. It represents the principle of repose and
strength; the ideas of order and law. It defends
th* Constitution. It would restore the Union.
When the gentlemen likens it to the Israelites
who hankered for the slavery of Egypt; when he
says that those who prefer the Union as it was,
are like the Tories of the Revolution: when he
likens them to the Scribes and Pharisees, who
preferred the doctrines of the eiders, he perpetrates
superficial nonsense. To stigmatize those who
are in favor of the Union of Washington as like
the Toiies whom Washington fought, is the sil-
liest bathos of a mediocre poet, whom Horace says
gods,men,and booksellers despise. [Laughter.]
To liken the conservative voice justuttered at our
elections to the lust of the Israelites for the flesh-
pots of Egypt, has not the dignity of a school-
girl's rhapsody. The simile which he drew be-
tween the Scribes and Pharisees and those who
reverence the Constitution because it is the work
of the " eiders," smacks of a supercilious egotism
which it is idle to answer. There are no such
analogies between the parties of the day. No
comparisons are needed to show the differences
between the radicalism which uproots to destroy
and the conservatism which would guard to save,
I would like to know the difference in spirit be-
tween the radicalism of secession, winch con-
temned the constitutional majority and setup for
itself on slavery principles, and the radicalism
which now defies the people's will to set up for
itself on anti-slavery ideas.
This radical party of the gentleman has been in
power six hundred and fifty-one days—since the
4th of March, 1861, to the present time. What
is the result? I do not now ask who has caused
this result; but what is our condition under the
