1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
agents selected at Chicago by a scctional organ-
ization, acting with those of similar radical views
in the South ?
1. A confederation of thirty-three States, to
which appurtenant were seven Territories, has
been torn into two parts, under severed and bel-
ligerent governments.
2. From a state of concord the people of these
States have been made hostile; and one halfofthe
people of these States, capable under the law of
tearing arms, have become consumers instead oS
peaceable producers of wealth.
3. That these men, numbering perhaps two
millions, connected with the armies of the North
and South ,are costing the people at least$1,000,000
per day, which is not being replaced; for all that
is spent in war is, by the laws of economy, a loss
to those who spend it, as a mere pecuniary trans-
action, and not counting ultimate and moral re-
sults.
4. That since this Administration came into
power there has been Inst to this country, merely
as a matter of business, not counting debt and
taxes of a national or State character, at least
§300,000,000 in the destruction of property, in-
terference with established business, increase in
wages, spoliation of railroads, depots, produce,
corn,'wheat, flour, cotton, hay, crops, &c.
5. That the debt of this country at this time, if
all the liabilities not liquidated are included, and
,not including the $80,000,000 left by the preceding
Administration, amounts at this time to the sum
of $1,000,000,000; and, by the 1st of July, 1864,
will, in my judgment, amount to $2,500,000,000.
The estimates for the Army alone for the next
y^ar are $700,000,000,
6. That we have now a system of taxation by
tariff which imposes a buidcn on the West, to
benefit manufacturing in New England, and pays
indirectly ^G0,000,00() into the Treasury and into
the pockets of capitalists, and mostly from the
consumers, who are farmers of the West.
7. That we have now a system of internal tax-
ation, costing for collection some §4,000,000 extra,
which miffht have been saved, and levying, in one
year, §150,000,000, as interest only on'a great
national deot, and with an army of newly made
officeholders with exorbitant salaries.
8. That within these six hundred and fiftv-one
days a party has succeeded which proposes, by
legislation and proclamation, to break down a
labor system in eleven States, four millions of ne-
groes whose industry has been productive hitherto,
worth, on or before the 4th of March, 1861, an i
average of §500 a niece, being in all $2,000,000,000; jj
and when this capital is destroyed, the objects j;
of this pseudo philanthropy will remain on hand,
North and South, as a mass of dependent and
improvident black beings, for whose care the tax
will be almost equal to the war tax, before their
condition will again be fixed safely and prosper-
ously,
9. That within these six hundred and fifty-one
days the rights of personal liberty, freedom from
arrest without process, freedom for press and
speech and the right of habeas corpus have been
puspended and limited, and, at times, destroyed; ||
and in the place of losurrected and promised liberty |!
to four million blacks, we have had the prospect
of a butied liberty which the past eight hundred ji
years have awarded to the white Anglo-Saxon j1
race. ' [j
10. That for the specie currency of afew years !'
ago, wc have already m circulation millions of j!
depreciated Government promises to pay, ranging i;
from $1,000 notes down to five cent shinplasters. j'
11. That we have the promise of a bankrupt
law at this session,ad the wholesale resuitoftbese !
commercial derangements. ],
12. That we have had killed in these six hun-
drcd and fifty-one days at least one hundred and ;j
fifty thousand of the best youth of the country on
bloody fields of baffle, and nearly the same num-
her by sickness in camps and hospitals. !'
13. That by tiled ecisionsof the courts,already ||
given as to the laws of this Congress—the legal ]\
tender and the confiscation acis—we leorn that jj
there is a general encroachment by one depart- j
ment ofthe Government upon the other.
14. That the Christian religion has been defiled
by its teachers, and civilization set back a half (
century by the demoralization incident to these '!
unhappy events. jj
This is (he radicalism of my colleague. Con- h
servatism has played the radical so far as to up-
root this gigantic Upas tree, whose shade poisons
the nation's life. It would cover over and refresh
the exposed roots of the goodly tree planted by
the fathers, that it may grow again, and blossom
and bear fruit for the children*
Is it necessary to illustrate the differences be-
tween the radicalism and conservatism now oper-
ating in our politics ? I will not go back to Egypt,
or Palestine, or even to the Revolution. We'have
in our midst subjects of comparison. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] with
an intellect like a demi-god, clamoring for a dic-
tator and scoffing at the Constitution, infinite in
his power of mischief, might well illustrate radi-
calism; while the gentleman from Kentucky, with
a heart as large as his intellect, would illustrate
the opposite. One defends contractors, palliates
peculation, and assaults investigating committees.
Given the leadership here in this time of peril, he
uses it to preach a salus populi suprema lex as of
higher sanction than his oath to the Constitution.
He deals in invective, and talks of being provoked
by a constitutional opposition or a modest sug-
gestion. He would tear down the fabric of his
Government to vent his spite on an institution
about which he has no business. During this
session he voted for the dismemberment of Vir-
ginia, and gave these radical reasons:
u For I v ill not stultify myself by supposing that we have
any warrant in the Constitution for tfus proceeding. This
talk of restoring the Union as it was under the Constitution
as it is, is one of the absurdities I have heard repeated until
I have bccomc sick about it. Tim Union can never be re-
stored as it was. There are many things which tender such
an event.impossible. This Uaim shall never toith my con-
sent he i estorcd undrr the Constitution as it is, with slavery
to be protected ly it
Such language would befit the Richmond con-
gress. He who utters it is indeed no conserva-
tive. Turn to another in our midst; a man of
gray hairs; no counterfeit glory upon his head,
but the glory of a long, useful, and patriotic ca-
reer. lie comes to us from his retirement in Ken-
tucky to represent the people among whom Henry
Clay lived and died, to counsel us in this om coun-
try's trial. He bids us to manifest temperance in
the very torrent and tempest of this anti-slavery
frenzy. His course may arouse the sneers and
ire of the radical. He may be likened to the
sensual Israelite, the hypocritical Pharisee, or the
obsequiousTory; but the people know him as one
who would have saved them from the war, and
who would now lead them to the land of our prom-
ise. His conservatism would not pull down; it
would build up. It abounds not in empty cries
of humanity about the blacks. It would save this
western world to constitutional freedom for the
white, from the anarchy of the day. It looks for-
ward to the old time, under the old flag. It fears
to let loose vengeance in the form of atrocious
confiscations and cruel spoliation of non-combat-
ants and deluded fellow-countrymen. It would
give laws to war. It would conserve the home,
the State, the institutions of the country—the Re-
public ! It would never heal political grudges by
mercenary contracts. It would try the traitor first,
and confiscate afterwards. It would not confis-
cate without conviction. It would observe the
law North to punish its breach South. It would
guard the Constitution while putting down ltsas-
sailants. It docs not for months assassinate the
character of our generals because they do not favor
radical notions. It would conserve character, even
while it would protect the freedom of speech and
unlicensed printing. It loves and admires the
Constitution, made at Independence Hall on the
17th of September, 1T8T, and would ccho the closc
of Story's Comrncntai ics, esto pcrpctva ! It makes
sacrifices to defend it. If votes and speaksa^ainsr
the worthless men who, m the name of a higher
law and in the name of a military necessity, would
destroy it. The difference between this conserv-
atism and that radicalism is the difference between
Hyperion and Satyr, Gabriel and ^ lephistophles,
Democracy and Abolition! The people, thank
God, though late, perceive the gulf which sepa-
rates these elements of blessing and of woe.
Yet iny colleague would arraign this conserva-
tism aspro-slavcry andtieasonabiet and with that
irreverence which is not infrequent with his class,
ho pretends that God is upon the side of this rad-
icalism. "Why, sir. I speak it all reverently, God
himself has been called, by an abolition divme, a :
Democrat. Theappellation is true, if democracy
be the synonym of conservatism. Providence
organizes and conserves. It is a part of His es-
tablished order. Besides, it has be^n.said that
the voice of the people is the voice of God. Surely
these waiters on Providence should heed the voice
of the people speaking from the political Sinai.
Amidst the thunders and lightnings and thick
cloud and the quaking of the mountain, the
trumpet has sounded; and yet ye, unlike Israel,
" have not sanctified yourselves lest the Lord
break forth upon ye." The trumpet voice has
spoken:
We are the people who have set you in high
places.
Thou shall have no other source of power be-
to rc you.
Thou shalt not make untd thee any graven im-
age of ebony, before which to bow thyself, nor
to serve it. [Laughter.]
Thou shalt not take the name of liberty in vain;
for thou shalt not be held guiltless for such sac-
rilege upon personal and constitutional freedom.
Remember the days of October and November,
to keep them holy. [Laughter.]
Honor the Constitution and the Union, if you
would have your days long in the land.
Thou shall not kill—in vengeance and in vain.
Thou shalt not degrade the white race by such
intermixtures as emancipation will bring.
Thou shalt not steal, nor suffer the money of
the people to be stolen by the army of jobbers and
contractors.
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbors, charging them falsely with disloyalty.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's servants,
neither his man servant, nor his maid servant, nor
anything which is thy neighbor's, nor tax the peo-
ple for their deliverance.
W ill these commandments be heeded ? I fear not.
Too many of the other side have lost their sense
of responsibility by losing their offices.
Among all my colleagues of the last Congress,
upon the other side, but one remains—but one—
tlie member from the northwest, [Mr. Ashley,]
and he was elected by the divisions of the conserva-
tive foice of the district. As with the children of
Israel, the sea divided and his virtues enabled him
to go over dry shod. [Laughter.] My colleague,
[Mr. Hutchins,] who was so kind as to write my
epitaph at the last session, picturing me as going
down in a colored " sunset," had not even the ap-
probation of his own party by a nomination. He
will allow me, with tender regret, to borrow tho
i apostrophe of the poet to Wilberforceas suitable
' to his case:
kCOh ! shade of tlie. fallen ; Oh ! genius sublime;
Gieat ftictid ofthe Nfgro from Africa's clime j
Alas! how low he lies. [Laughter.]
Night suddenly came, and his day was done,
IIis sun was set, ami anothei sun
Illumes the dusky skies." [Laughter.]
I doubt not his speech at the last session in
favor of the blacks settling where they pleased,
was the reason of his premature setting and set-
tling. He should not complain. He was a bright
light of Republicanism in the dark places of Ohio;
but he must remember "that all that's bright
must fade." His demise was a civil necessity.
The people have said to him and his friends—all
defeated, I believe, but about a dozen—u Way-
ward sisters, depart in peace." [Laughter.] Let
them return to private life. It is their destiny.
Their political graves are dug. Their winding
sheetsare prepared. Their gravestones arc icady.
Metlnnks I hear the clods fall upon their coffin sat
noon on the coming 4th of March. They should
not complain. The earth itself must at last pass
away, and be rolled up like a scroll. Nature,
trembling and in fiames, will one day give way.
Let them not complain, but how to the decree
of dissolution. None know them but to curse
them; none named them but to damn. Properly
and philologically speaking, they arc here as the
representatives of perdition; for they aie lost to
us. [Laughtei.] Their loss will, however, be
our gain. Th^ir calling and election not having
been made sure, they now seek, in the iittla span
allotted them, to continue those political trans*
Sessions for which they are condemned already.
My colleague [Mr. Hutchins] has, however, it
seems, turned ^practical humanitarian since the
elections. I commend him for it. 'He is no longer
a political Mrs. Jellaby, manufacturing here moral
pocket handkerchiefs for the pickaninnies of Hil-
