1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
That they had been called upon to obey the laws
and bear the burdens here enacted and imposed is
certainly true. Nobody doubts that. Nobody,
I apprehend, will differ with me when I say that
all of us, without exception, desire to see these
districts again represented upon this floor. 1 do
not know of any gentleman who can differ with
me upon that point. I cannot understand how
we can differ upon that point. I cannot under-
stand what satisfaction there can be to any of us
to see the day postponed for a single hour when
each one of these vacant seats shall again be filled
by Representatives speaking the voice and uttering
the sentirtients of their constituents who may yet
send them here under the Constitution and laws.
Up to this point wc ate agreed. There is a con-
flict of opinion, however, from this point. That
conflict arises from differences of opinion as to the
method and manner, and as to what measure of
conformity to law shall be required in the attain-
ment of that object, which is at this moment the
nearest and dearest to the lovers of the Union.
It arises mainly from a diversity of opinion in this
House as to the condition in which the rebellion
leaves the people of these States.
Every variety of opinion upon this point is en-
tertained in the country and finds advocates here.
All understand that the admitting of these men to
their seats in this body is one step towards res-
toration; and as we shall treat this right of repre-
sentation so we shall treat all other"rights over
enjoyed by these States as they shall come to re-
claim them one by one. 1 do not propose at this
time to discuss the different theories which obtain
here as to the condition in which the so-called se-
ceded States are left by the rebellion. I merely
desire to call attention to the fact that this discus-
sion arises wholly from conflict of these theories.
Ail of us admit, that, by the admission of these
men to these seats, we take a step, either for good
or for evil, toward the restoration of these States
to the Union. Wc thus bring them in connection
with it and bind them to it. Representation is the
life-sustaining cord by which the Union sentiment
is nursed and fed so that it can grow and develop
itself until it shall attain the fullness of stature.
The gentleman from Indiana. [Mr. Voohhees,]
who commenced the debate m opposition to the
report of the committee, of which he is a mem-
ber, indulged in some remarks which ought not
to have come from a member of the committee,
and which seem to require some icply from them.
The gentleman said that he would not have been
induced to speak at all but for the conviction that
the committee had lent themselves, m this report,
to a gigantic scheme of military despotism, and
that the report was a part and pai eel of that schema,
having for Us consequence the perfect enslavement
of this House.
Now, sir, I apprehend that my friend was led
to make that remark from the fact winch he slated
himself, that ill health had kept him away from
the comtnittee-routn, and he had failed to observe
what the committee themselves weie doing. If he
had attended upon their meetings,as I should have
supposed he would have done, if he undertook to
criticise their doings, he would have discovered
tjiat the effort of the committee has been to break
through all forms and all trammels, and reach at
the very marrow of each case, and instead of lend-
ing themselves to a gigantic scheme of installing
military governors over the people, and the Presi-
dent, through them, as a ''tyrant stalking through
these Halls," he would have observed that in all
the other cases where elections have been held
under military governors 1 ho committee have re-
ported adversely, actuated by the same motives
which dictated the report in favor of these gentle-
men. In all other cases, going through and be-
hind all forms, they bad found that the election
was a mere empty bhell, without substance. The
gentleman from Indiana says:
u i declare betoie the eountiy that wiflun the la« t twenty
months the Thirty-Seventh Congie>s has sanction* d iricatei
btiides towaul* despotism than iiasevet [jpon made "in any
othoi Government piotossing constitutional limits within
n pciiod of two hundred ycais. And if j had not thought
tin> was a part and paieel of <i giaud gigantic system of
executive domination, 1 would not have, i.uscd my voice
to-day."
I thought the gentleman would be astonished,
before this discussion was closed, to find what
company he was in, and whose work he was
peiforming. I thought he would be astonished
to find that the very men who he supposed were
part and parcel of this scheme to establish mili-
tary governments, would be aiding him in the
work of obstructing the representation on this
floor, of the loyal voters of those districts.
What a spectacle was presented! The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] occupying the
same position as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] and the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Crisfield] walking arm in arm with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
My distinguished colleague [Mr, Eliot] the co-
adjutor in this work with the anti-Puritan gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr Cox.] All these men,
burying old differences, are engaged m thwart-
ing this representation, for there has been nothing
like it seen in history since that memorable recon-
ciliation between the rival houses of Herod and
Pilate, which made common cause in their efforts
to overthrow the true gospel. Rising in indig-
nation aL the enormity of this undertaking to se-
cure representation to the loyal voters of these
two districts, he says:
" The gentleman's position inaugurates a system of ex-
ecutive UMitpatioii which will stalk through these Halts at
the head of a military power. It will send u% all homo or
silence oui tongues. It will make these archer rewound
with the clanking of the chains of an absolute despotism,
instead of with the voices of freemen."
Then, changing the figure, my eloquent friend
says it will submerge the tunets and steeples of
State rights in the Dead sea of despotism just as
the turrets and meeting-house steeples of Sodom
and Gomorrah were (submerged in the days of old.
Sir, I have always understood that it was an en-
tire lack of meeting-house steeples that ^as one
of the principal causes which led to the catastrophe
which the gentleman so much mourns here to-day.
[Laughter.] But, whatever may ijave been the
cause, 1 have understood at any rate that it was
a military necessity, [laughter,] the propriety of
which I never heard called in question before this
debate.
Mr. VOORHKES. Mr. Speaker, it is always
unpleasant for me to spoil any romance which the
gentleman from Massachusetts weaves into his
speech*, but if he will look over my remarks, ho
will find that I located no meeting-houses at Sodom
and Gomorrah. That is a location of his own.
No gentleman's fancy, except his own, could, I
believe, have filled up the picture in that way.
Mr. DAWES, I was about to say, Mr. Speaker,
that that military necessity fell far short of the
thoroughness with which it has been generally
supposed to have been canied out. Judgingfrom
the obstacles thrown in the way of a restointion
of the Union—not. of course by the gentleman
from Indiana, because I do not believe he has any
desire or motive of that kind—but judging from
the malignity which pervades those who are at-
tempting to destioy the Union, the vile spirit
which it was supposed was forever destroyed by
fire and flood of t hat judgment of God, still lives
to torment and dist ess, and, it may be for a time,
to overthrow the virtues and liberties of the peo-
ple of this land, also.
The gentlemiSh from Indiana seemed to think
that this ih some new as well as gigantic stride of
executive power which gentlemen on this side had
made up their minds to put through: and he was
so unkind es to remind us that the days of* most
of here were numbered, and that an anxious
people were looking with longing eyes to see the
last retiring footsteps of these men goingfrom the
Halls of Congress. That was very unkind of my
friend to those who were laboring with him on
this occasion. 1 hope they will forgive him that
remark.
But, wir, this is not. a new thing, this idea of
military governor, nor are his powers new. As
long ago as the war with Mexico military gov-
ernors were very frequent. After the war with
Mexico had ended, and after we had ceased to
have military occupation of any Mexican teni-
tory, military governors still existed. Military
governments were still m force, not in territory
held by us as conquerors, but in out own terntoiy,
held under our Constitution and laws. The only
Government that remained in the territories ac-
quired from Mexico was a military government.
These large regions thus acquired were just as
much territory of the United States and subject to
its laws as were Indiana and Massachusetts. The
Government of the United States had precisely
the same jurisdiction over it. Mr. Polk, the then
President of the United States, said on that sub-
ject in his message of December 5, 1848:
" Upon tin; exchange of ratifications of the treaty of peace
with Mexico, on the UOth of May last, the temporary gov-
ernments which had been established over New Mexico and
California by our military and naval commanders by vatuc
of the rights of war, ceascd to doiive any obligatory lorcfi
from that source of authority, and having been ceded to tbe
United States, all government and control over them under
the authonty of Mexico had ceased to exist. ImpiesMHi
with the necessity of establishing territorial governments
ovei them, £ recommended the subject to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress in my message communicating the
ratified treaty of peace, on the 6th of July hut, mid invoked
their action at that session. Congress adjourned without
making any piovjsion for their Government. The inhabit-
ant?, by the transfer of thcii country,had become entitled
to the. benefit* of our law* and Constitution, and yet were
left without any icgulaily organized government. Smca
that tunc the veiy limited power po^e^cd by the Execu-
tive lias been exeici-ed to pre-crvo and protect them from
the inevitable consequences ol a Mate of anarchy. The
only government which lemamcd was that established by
the imluaiy authonn during the war. Itcgauhngthis to be
a de facto government, and that by the juesumed conseut
of the inhabitants it might be continued lempoiarily, they
were advised to contorin and submit to it for the shoit in-
tervening p'jiiod before Cougiess would again a^emble aud
could legislate on the subject. The views enteitained by
the Executive on this point are contained in a communi-
cation of the Secretary of State, dated the 7th of October
last, which vva^ iorwai'dori for publication to California and
New Mexico, a copy of which is herewith transmitted.35
Now, I will sec what the Secretary of State,
none other than Mr. Buchanan, said:
" In the mean time the condition of the people of Call-
fornia is anomalous, and will require on their pnit the ex-
ercise of threat prudence and discretion. By the conclusion
of the tieaty ot peace, the nuhtaiy government which was
established over them under the laws of jvar, as lecog-
nized by the practice of all civilized nation1-, ha-; ceased to
derive its autlionty fiom this source ofpowei. Hut there,
for this lenson, no government in California? Are life,
hbeity, and propeity under the piotcction of no existing au-
thorities? This would be asingulai phenomenon in the
face of the world, and especially among American citizens,
distinguished ah they arc above all other people lot their
law-abiding character. Fortunately they aie not reduced
to this sad condition. The termination of the war leit a 
existing government—a government dc facto—in full oper-
ation; and this will continue, with the presumed consent
of the people, until Congress, shall piovide for them a ter
ritorial government. The gieat law of necessity justifies
this conclusion. The consent of the people is irresistibly
mfeired from the fact that no civilized community could
possibly desue to abrogate an exiting government, when
the alternative presented would bo to plaeo themselves m
a state of anaichy beyond the pioiecuon of all Jaw s, and re-
duce them to the unhappy necessity of submitting to the
dominion of the aiiongest."
Without any foundation in military authority,
having no other basis and no other authority than
that of necessity, and because civilized men will
not live without government, the consent of the
people was presumed to establish and give life to
and sustain a government which, going back to its
origin, was a military government in point of facu
This government was continued for years in New
Mexico and Utah, it ceased in California by be-
ing merged into a constitutional form of govern-
ment which had its parentage in amilitary govern-
ment, and could be traced to no other source—a
military government which had outlived the au-
thority which had given it birth.
Mr. VOORHEES. I understand the position
occupied by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and I do not think that the authority which he
has road controverts the position which 1 have
taken in this discussion. I understand that the
position of Mr. Buchanan, as Secretary of .State,
was that that was a Government, not because it
rested for its validity or force or vitality on mil-
itary governorship, but on the presumed consent
of the people. After the expiration of the time
to which the military governorship of the terri-
tory could be extended, then the people them-
selves, from the law of necessity, governed them-
selves. That brings the point back exactly to
where it started in this discussion; and that is this:
The gentleman from Massachusetts, as i under-
stand, takes the position that this election de-
rived its validity from the consent of the people
given to this act of the military governor. But
that brings the question back to this House to be
decided, whether these men weie m fact elected
under and by virtue ofthi.s military authority or
by a spontaneous assent given without any recog-
nize! agency of that kind ?
J heard without surprise the bold and frank dec-
laration of one of the claimants embraced in this
report, who has just taken his seat, when he said
that the Governor they claimed now, and i lie only
one they claimed in Louisiana was George F.Shep-
ley—a statement which sustains the position I
