1034
THE CONGrRESSIONAL * GLOBE.
February 17,
have taken, that the source from which the people
of these congressional distucts derived the au-
thority for holding this election was the authority
of this military governor.
Mr.DAWES. Isayin replythatMr.Buchanan
declared that these military governorships derive
their authority simply from the law of necessity,
and that to that necessity the consent of the peo-
ple was presumed.
The gentleman from Indiana has fallen into
other mistakes. He was mistaken when he said
that the only theory on which the authority of a
military governor is ever sustained is the power of
the conqueror over conquered territory. What
I have read from Mr. Polk and Mr. Buchanan,
and the case of Cross against Harrison, which he
himself cited from 16 Howard, show that this
power is maintained by such high authority long
after the territory ceased to be held by us as con-
querors. 1 think it clear the gentleman is mistaken
in that position, and he is quite mistaken in the
authority he cited m support of it. I have always
understood this to be as clear a law as any other
law in the world, that when we were in a territory
by the tenure of a conqueror, so long as we hold
it by that tenure there remain in force all the local
laws of that territory not inconsistent with our
tenure as conqueror. But when our title becomes
perfect, when at the conclusion of the war, by
treaty, the territory is ceded or granted to us, and
our title thereby becomes perfect through the
treaty or grant, then, and not till then, our right
of legislation begins, and by enactment we can
change the 4ocal law. But all the local law, I
repeat, of a conquered territory, so far as it is not
inconsistent with our tenure as conqueror, so long
as we hold it by that tenure, remains in full force.
Why, sir, in the Territory of New Mexico the
local law authorizing peonage was continued in
full force while we held the Territory as a con-
quered province, though understood to be in direct
conflict with the laws of the United States; and
that law remained in force after the treaty of peace
by which the Territory was ceded to us, and our
title to itbecame perfcct until it was prohibited by
a law of Congress.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Indi-
ana, in his citation of the case of Cross and Har-
rison, it seems to me overlooked the fact that the
Supreme Court of the United States recognized
the authority of a military governor over a terri-
tory, not only while we field it by the tenure of
a conqueror, but also after that tenure ceased, and
we held it by grant. The court upheld his au-
thority as military governor over it as a portion
of our own United States which we had ccased
to hold as conqueror, but which, by treaty of
peace, had been ceded to us, and over which the
laws of the United States extended as much as they
do over Nebraska or any other Territory. Still
they recognized the authority of the military gov-
ernor there, founding it where Mr. Buchanan and
Mr. Polk founded it, and where everybody must
found it—in the necessity of the ease.
Now, sir, I must pass on to consider some ob-
jections which others have submitted to this re-
port. My friend from Indiana, on my immediate
left, [Mr. Pouteu,] in his argument the otherday
admitted that this was a fair election in the mam,
but still he was opposed to the admission of these
men; not because there was any fault in the elect-
ors, not because there was any defect in the le-
gislation of Louisiana, but because we ourselves
lmd not done our duty, lie proposes to shut these
men out from seats upon this floor, not because
the loyal men of Louisiana have not done their
duty, not because the Slate of Louisiana has not
passed all laws necessary to meet the ease, but be-
cause wc ourselves have failed in the discharge of
our duty.
The question, Mr. Speaker, is not what we
would do hereafter, but we must take this ease oa
we And U; not that we may not find in the light
of the great and terrible school we are passing
through some better way lor the future; but, tak-
ing this case as we find it, with the law as it is, how
shall we treat it? Shall we chug to Louisiana and
her representation, or cast both aside because wc
have not ourselves done our duty ? Shall we take
advantage of our own wrong and exclude these
men, sheltering ourselves behind our own short-
comings and delinquencies ?
But the gentleman's remedies, it seems to me,
are as unsound as his objections. His complaint
is against the encroachments of the Executive—
not designed upon the pai t of the Executive, but
precedents which, if established, will expose us to
danger of encroachments in future by the execu-
tive power, will lead to the control of the House
of Representatives by the executive power. What
is the remedy he proposes? That we should le-
gislate, that we should provide by law the times,
places, and manner of holding these elections.
Does the gentleman forget that the moment we
prescribe these rules wc have done precisely what
he seeks to avoid? Does he know that we cannot
impose a single duty upon any State officer of any
description whatever? The case of Prigg against
Pennsylvania has decided that. Therefore, when
we begin to prescribe the times, places, and man-
ner of holding these elections, we must take upon
ourselves all the machinery to the minutest detail.
We must ourselves appoint all the election offi-
cers,from commissioners down to the merest chal-
lenger at the polls. But who appoints them? The
authority is designated by the Constitution, if we
are to enter upon that system. ThePresidentand
heads of the Departments must appoint them. And
therefoie it is that the very remedy which my
friend proposes for these constitutional objections
is that, of all other remedies, the very one that will
give the President of the United States a potent
influence in these Halls in arranging and directing
the election of members. Tins is what he calls the
emancipation of Congress from executive influ-
ence.
Mr. WICKLIFFE rose.
Mr. DAWES. My time is fast passing away.
I hope the gentleman will excuse me.
Mr. WILSON. I object to any interruption.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Who objects? Let him
show himarlf.
Mr, WILSON. I object to you, as you objcct
to everybody else.
Mr. DAWES. This is the very point on which
the encroachments of the king upon the rights of
Parliament proceeded, and which piivileges were
wrested from him by Magna Charta. He assumed
to regulate, himself, the times and places and
mannei of holding theelections to Parliament. But
the Pailiament succeeded at last in emancipating
itself from exactly the description of proceeding
which my friend would inaugurate as a remedy
or relieffrom the dictation of the Executive.
But even my friend himself, as i said in the
opening of this case, is compelled, as every gen-
tleman must be compelled, unless we are prepared
to say we will have no more Representatives from
Louisiana upon this floor and no restoration to
the Union of that State—I say he is compelled to
adopt, in substance, pieeisely the same method
which I have suggested. He will recollect that
1 said I believed there was no other way except
for some one to assume the power at some point,
at some stage in the proceedings, to set again in
motion the wheels of Government; that it mat-
tered not whether that power was assumed at one
point or another, provided the people acquiesced.
And that power having been assured at this point,
and the people havingacquiesced m it, it remains
for us to determine whether we will sanction, by
the admission of these Representatives, this at-
tempt at stalling again the wheels of legitimate
government in that State.
My friend says it might be proper, under par-
ticular circumstances, for the Executive to ap-
point. the minor officers, such as regulate the pri-
mary elections, and let them prescribe the times
and pi.ices of holding the elections. He would
start the smallest wheel in the machinery, that its
impulse might be communicated from one to an-
other until the whole machine should be in mo-
tion. This is his language:
" it might pos.Mbly l>e proper, uiulei patticnlar cireum-
st.mees. to appoint the t*ubordmatf, officei ^ requisite to call
the primary elections and to fix the time*, foi them ; to touch
the spring that mistht <ct the first wheel going, that the im-
pulse might be communicated from one"to unothei till the
whole machinery should be m motion."
It was the very idea I uttered here in opening
the case. 1 put it to him, as the essential point
of the case, and that on which it hinged, whether
he would recognize anybody toassume thepower
to set the wheels in motion. My friend says that
possibly we may.
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman is quoting an
argument that I made on an entirely different
proposition.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope that my friend
over the way will object to these interruptions.
I do not object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Neither do I.
Mr. DAWES. I knew that the gentleman
from Indiana would not carry out the conclusion
to which his argument led. He cut it off by main
force lest it would run into mine. The gentle-
man did not wish that. He cut it olf by main
strength.
Mr. PORTER. What I said on that point was
in regard to the reorganization of the State with
a republican form of government. It was in an-
swer to an irrelevant inquiry of the gentleman
from Tennessee. 1 stated that it was irrelevant,
but that I had no indisposition to answer it, al-
though it was irrelevant. I expressly stated that
the time, place, and manner in which elections
shall be held was prescribed by the Constitution,
and that the Constitution having prescribed that,
I could sec no other power by which it could be
exercised.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir; you touch the springs
and set the wheelsof government in motion. You
make a Governor and set the Legislature in mo-
tion. The Governor will issue his pioclamation
and call for an election to Congress. It would be
precisely as I have said. 1 know that my friend
from Indiana protested against his own aigument.
He says that it may be necessary to touch the
springs through the primary elections. I say that
it is not necessary to touch them at one point more
than at another, if the people acquiesce in an as-
sumption of power which some man must take.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bxngiiam,] in the
commencement of his speech, rose to the magni-
tude of this case. He stated it in several forms.
I will read from his speech:
"J do but reiteiate the rematk of one of the fanners of
the Coii-titunon, who said that even a minority of the peo-
ple within any State of tim Union, in tune of m-au mtuou,
may, when the mnjouty ate m revolt, be recognized hv the
1: bupieme law of this land as the only people entitled to
spenk authoritatively within its limits."
lie repeats that in much stronger language, -as
follows:
UI stand here to-day to deny, and to challenge contradic-
tion of that denial from any quarter whaievei, that ( von a
majority of the people of any State of this Union can. by
treason or otherwise, strip the minority of such State of tlifc
right of representation in the Federal Legislature."
That makes it pretty strong. That is a guar-
antee of inalienable right, which no one in the
world can deprive him of. Now while he declares
this to be a right that the minority could not
be deprived of by the treason of the majority, or
otherwise, he places it, in the next sentence, on
the permission of that majority.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will excuse me.
I have no time. That which this minority could
not be deprived of by the majority of the people,
by treason or otherwise, he says should, as a
matter of course, depend on the consent oi per-
mission of that very majority. Let mequoto him:
"Tins right of the iniunuty of a State, aftei the tieason
and recession of the majority thereof, to lepie^eni.uion iu
the Federal Legislature, depends, ot course, upon the eondu
tiou th.it the imnouty aie uuineious enough to -uppoit. if
protected m then right.-, a State government, and that they
do assert iheir riyht in the premises to rcoiganiz ' and main-
tain their State government."
That is to say, if they are strong enough the mi-
nority have the right; but if not, they have not the
right. But if the minority js stronger than the
majority it cannot be taken away. There is an-
other way the majority can Lake itaway, says the
gentleman from Ohio, and that is by pas&ing an
unconstitutional law. lie holds that if you pass
an unconstitutional law, you can deprive th<-m of
that right.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to correct the gen-
tleman.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to read fiom the gen-
tleman's speech in the Globe.
Mr.BIJXGEIAM. Al'owyou to mutilate it, sir.
j Mr. DAWES. Let us take this step bv step.
| I will, in a moment, lead it as printed. Every
man admits that theie was before tin: nbeihon
sufficient law in Louisiana to elect Repiescntulivcs
to Congress. There is n-> u^e of stopping to de-
bate that question, for I believe that it is a point
winch is not contiovertcd or denied. My fiiend
from Ohio states that the rebel legislature got to-
gether and passed a law abolishing the registry
