1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
for New Orleans, and required a new registry,
with an oath of allegiance to the confederate States.
That, he says, repeals the law which enables them
to elect a member of Congress. When 1 asked
him if he did not think it was unconstitutional,
he said that it was. When I asked him further
if an unconstitutional law had any force, he said
no. Yet,after this, he used the followinglanguage:
" I understand that the Legislature and people of Louisi-
ana have not now, and had not when thc&e elections were
•held, the law and the State officeis necessary to hold a valid
electionfor Representatives in Congress. 1 understand fur-
ther, that Congress has not passed the necessary law."
If they have not now any such law, it is because
it has been somehow repealed, and it is not pre-
tended that it has been done otherwise than by the
passage of what the gentleman admits is an un-
constitutional law.
Again he says, more distinctly:
" I desire to make this statement, however, about that
provision, that so far a  the State of Louisiana is concerned,
that act repealed the preexisting law upon the subject of
elections and substituted a new law for it, and put into it
the provision which 1 have quoted as to the qualification
of electors."
Again:
"I do not see how any man can come to any other con-
clusion than that it is a declaration of the Legislature of the
State of Louisiana that no person shall be registered, and,
therefore, no person shall be a qualified elector witlun the
registration districts of that State who docs not take an oath
to support the confederate States of America; in other
words, who does not take an oath to support the confeder-
ation of thieves and traitors who hold their high counsels
to-day in Richmond."
And yet again:
" Now, if my excellent friend had noticed what 1 said be-
fore, he would have had no occasion to ask his question at
all, because that State legislation was repealed by the State
Legislature of Louisiana, and a provision was. adopted, to
which I have already adverted, requiring every elector in
the district of Orleans to take the oath of allegiance to the
confederate States of America." *
Still again:
"Now, how does the fact stand? By report of the com-
mittee It appears these gentlemen were not elected in pur-
suance of any law of the Legislature of Louisiana, and that
the election "law of Louisiana had been amended or re-
pealed."
I know my friend qualifies these assertions at
times in this wise:
"Mr. Dawes. That was a legistry applying to the city
of New Orleans, and not to the State. I want to ask the
gentleman if he considers that a constitutional and valid
act ?
'♦Mr. Bingham. No, sir; not as against the Federal Gov-
ernment or the loyal citizens of the United States."
**********
"1 agree that it is of no force as against the Federal Gov-
ernment or the loyal citizens of the United States."
"As against the rights of Federal citizens, the treason
enactment l1* void. As against the Fedeial Government it
is void A* against the Federal Constitution it is void. 11 ut
I want to know if there is any man here who will stand up
in lus place and sav that the people of a Slate may not, by
law, if not of right, repeal all their laws on the subject of
election; and I want to know how they are going to getrid
of that repeal ?"
Does the gentleman mean to say that an uncon-
stitutional law may be binding on some of the
citizens and not on others? How can an uncon-
stitutional law be binding on any one? Is it by
way of estoppel? I leave the gentleman to explain
tiiis new idea at his leisure.
Mr. Speaker, each gentleman who opposes the
admission of these Representatives has his rem-
edy. My distinguished friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Vooriiees,] a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions, proposes distinctly to postpone the case of
these people until after ihe presidential election.
He announces m so many words, when deciding
a judicial question, before the House, that he
proposes to leave it for the Democratic party to
arrange; that the Republicans do not expect to
carry the next presidential election, and that as the
party on the other side of the House, the Demo-
cratic party, do expect to carry the next presi-
dential election, he does not want us to fix this
thing at this time. He says:
"Let me say to them that their power is not the longest
nor the nio&t stable. You do not expect to carry the next
presidential election. We do 5 and we do not want a sys-
tem made to our hands like this."
His remedy is to postpone any cure for the
evils of this civil war, its treasure and blood, its
groans and sufferings, till after the presidential
election, that the Democratic party, which brought
them upon us, may cure them. That would be ac-
cording to the principle of the old Latin maxim:
similia 'similibus cvrantur—like things are cured
by liltt. The gentleman from Indiana, on the left,
[Mr. Porter,] proposes to disfranchise this peo-
ple until after we have done our duty by the en-
actment of a law. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] proposes that we shall remove the po-
tent effect of this unconstitutional law. I may
have done my friend injustice. I did not hear,
clearly, his speech the other day. I failed to un-
derstand it clearly. I supposed it was the same
speech he was so anxious to make in support of
the claim of a gentleman from a district in Vir-
ginia, who came here with only ten votes to back
him, when the sovereign convention of Virginia
had forbidden any election. I thought I heard
him announce that it did not make any difference
how few votes were cast, if they were cast accord-
ing to the form of law. That was sufficient for
the gentleman from Ohio. That is just the differ-
ence between the gentleman from Ohio and the
Committee of Elections; for the Committee of
Elections care as little for the form of law as he
docs for the number of votes cast. The Com-
mittee of Elections look through the forms of law
to see whether there is behind them the voice of
the people, which alone gives them life and vital-
ity. The forms of law are of no service further
than they secure that utterance of the voice of the
people. My own colleague [Mr. Eliot] has an-
other remedy. These States, according to him,
have destroyed themselves, and can reenter the
Union through the preparatory stage of territorial
governments. Meantime the war rages. The
Union men are stretching out their hands to us for
help; and from these gentlemen this is the hope
held out to them. Do you want to chill the Union
sentiment in those States' Do you want to stifle
the last hope of restoration? Reject their Repre-
sentatives and you will accomplish your end.
This attempt to put the iron grasp of forms of
law upon elections, crushing out the substance and
stifling the voice of the people,has been tried, and
signally has it failed on more occasions than one
in this very tribunal. It is but the old case of the
great seal of New Jersey over again, where one
party sought to control the organization of this
House by sheltering itself behind the forms of law
and undertaking to install into their seats here,
men who had nothing but forms of law, in vio-
lation of the voice of Ihe people. And, sir, when
anarchy reigned for weeks in this House, the so-
lution of the very question of to-day is found in
the precedent set on that occasion, when the "old
man eloquent," rising in his seat, nominated on
his own motion, contrary to' ail forms of law, a
presiding officer of this House; and when men,
chained to the forms of law, tauntingly asked him,
" who is going to put your motion?" he, rising
with the dignity of the occasion, said, " I will put
the motion myself." He did putit, and there was
installed a presiding officer of the House, and or-
der was lestored out of chaos. He assumed re-
sponsibility, and took upon himself the responsi-
bility of touching the spring, to use the language
of the gentlemen from Indiana, [Mr. Porter,] j
and his fellows acquiesced in it. He was dc facto j
governor of this House. There was that assump- ,
tion found in the necessities of the occasion as it j
is found here. . i
Now, one word as to this matter of registry. |
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Crisfield] claims j
that this was an utterly illegal election, because
of the want of a registry of the votes. The gen-
tleman claims that such registry is essential to the
qualification of the voter, rather than to the evi-
dence of that qualification; and that the qualifica-
tion of a voter to the exercise of the elective fran- .
chise depends upon what another man shall do to j
secure to him the evidences of that right. That ;
is altogether a mistake. The right of voters to ;
exercise the elective franchise docs not depend
upon the question whether other men do their
duty. Nor did the statute of Louisiana ever con-
template such a thing. The statute of Louisiana
, appointed this man to make a registry, and iti™-
> posed a very heavy penalty upon him if he did
j not register a man, and did not furnish him with
a certificate of evidence that he was a citizen.
And then, m order that a man might not be dc-
: prived of his right to vote if he failed to get the
; certificate, it further provided 111 terms:
"Be. if further enacted, 4'c.. That the possesion of the
certificate of iczNtry to the legally resnstoied elector
shall be the evidence ofhis legal reentry, and "-hall be con-
clusive evidence of that fact, and any mistake or omission
o! the registei to place his name oil the ccitificd lists of ;
registry, to be furnished to the coinraisjioneis of the differ-
cat precincts, shall in no manner affect such elector's i'i?ht
to vote, so far as the fact of" legal registry is in quostion3and
the commissioners shall not have any power or discietiou
to refuse to receive Ins vote oil the ground of error the rea-
son that his name has been omitted in the lists so furnished
by the register."
Thus it expressly provided, out of abundant cau-
tion, that tbe right of an elector to the exercise of
the elective franchise, shall never be extinguished
by the folly and madness of any man whose duty
it is to furnish him with evidence ofhis right.
But, sir, all those voters had been registered
once. The rebel legislature had destroyed one
old registry that had their names upon it. The
law nowhere required them to be registered twicc.
Does the gentleman claim that the rebel legisla-
ture, by destroying this registry, had forever dis-
franchised all the citizens of New Orleans, and
that by an act admitted to be unconstitutional?
Has the distinction between directory acts and
others occurred to the mind of the gentleman ?
Does he not know that there are many, especially
in matters of election, mere directory laws, n fail-
ure to observe which will not vitiate the election ?
The court, of appeals of New York (People rs."
Cook, 8 New York Reports, 256) thus states it:
"The provisions of the statute, as to the manner of hold-
ing elections, canvassing votes, and making certificates of
canvass, are in many respects directoiy, and neglect to
comply does not always vitiate the election."
It was decided in that case that an election con-
ducted by inspectors de facto is valid, and will not
be avoided except for fraud.
A case was decided by the court of appeals, the
court of last resort in New York, in 1856, so
strikingly analogous to the ope before the House
that I beg leave to call attention to it. Judges of
the supreme court of that State are elected by tbe
people. Vacancies are filled by executive ap-
pointment. The statutes provide that on the 15th
October preceding cach general election in No-
vember, notice shall be given of all officers to be
voted for at that election. After this notice had
been given, and a few days before the election, a
judge died. It was too late to give any.n jtico ac-
cording to law, and none was given. The people
took notice of the vacancy, and of theirown mere
motion voted for a successor. The Governor be-
lieving that the "next election" meant the one
" next" after a legal notice could be given, ap-
pointed a man to fill the vacancy. In a quo war-
ranto (Davis us. Cowles, 13 New Yoik Reports,
350) this is the decision:
" When the office of a justice of the supreme court be-
comes vacant before! the expiration of ids temi of ofliee,
the vacancy is to be supplied by the electorsof the judicial
district in which it exists at the next general elcciion of
Judges, although the vacatlcxt occurs at so late a day that no
* z1- . . . ii i... 4 i* n l/tivn i n p st/if/* rti *
notice is or ctm be giren by ilie Secretary of State, or
officer, pursuant to the statute, that a justice, is to be elected at
such election to Jill the vacancy."
Mr. Speaker, I have now discharged, accord-
ing to my humble ability, the duty imposed upon
me by the Committee of Elections and the rules
of the House in closing this debate. I am con-
scious how poorly it has been performed. Htit. 1
am gratified that I have found no insurmountable
obstacle to the giving effect to the voice of eight
thousand loyal voters in New Orleans. I have not,
as the organ of the committee or otherwise, upon
this floor, speculated upon "State suicide" or
" State treason." I have never had hope for a res-
toration of this Union except in the way lecog-
nized by the committee in this report. I cannot
for a moment believe that the House is prepared
to reject this report for any of the remedies pro-
posed in its place. I leave ihe resolutions and the
fate of ihe loyal voters of New Orleans and the
hope of rcstoiation to a vole of the House.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentleman
from Massachusetts having expired, the first ques-
tion is upon the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Yeaman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he change the phrase-
ology of his substitute by striking out the word
" said" before each claimant's name, and substi-
tute for it their respective Christian names.
Mr. YEAMAN. I accept that modification,
if there is no objection.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon the ques-
tion of adopting the substitute.
The question was taken; and u was decided m
the negative—yeas 11, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS!—Messi^. William G. Iliovvn, Calvert, Cravens,
Thomas A. 1>. Fcssetiden, Glider, Iloiman, Menzies, W eit-
her, Wicklifle, Wnjht, and Ycainan—11.
