1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•*w
Mr. CONWAY. I would like just here to ask
a question of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. In one moment, Kir; I will be glad
to answer you.
Now, I inquire, first, into the reason of these
maxims; secondly, into the means which are open
to belligerent nations, and what if any means are
open to this nation, for the restoration of peace.
First. The maxims quoted spring from the de-
sirableness of ending hostilities. As in war no
one can enjoy quietly his rights, in peace lie has
that privilege; and if controverted, he can ration-
ally discuss them with a vie w to the remedy. Peace
is the natural and best stole of man. All agr®e to
that. Under its protection, and through its amen-
ities, that intercoms? is secured which is most
beneficial, economically and socially, and which
tends to the highest advancement of man. Pas-
sion produces war; reason keeps and restores
peace, it is the bounden duty of the Government
to seek peace with the people. The beatitudes
are promised to the peacemaker. God smiles on
him, and gives him a double blessedness in this
life and in the life to come. Poets may sing the
glories of heroic achievement;
"But like a bell with solemn, sweet vibrations,
I liear the voice of Chrift say, pcace."
If it were now possible that the French Em-
peror, without intrenching upon our prerogative
as a proud and independent State, could succeed
in restoring, by his friendly mediation, the Gov-
ernment and the Union as it was ten years ago,
when his coup d'etat seemed to destroy the hopes
of republican France, and to become the peace-
maker and Union saver of this distracted land,
the beauty of the act would whiten his whole life,
and even make mankind forget the fatal 2d of De-
cember, 1852. Fie would deserve the euiogv of
! alone we could then have conferred. Neither is
: it indispensable to the beginning of negotiations
; that the executives at Washington and Richmond
; should confer.
I Although publicists have held that (he same
: powerwlnch has the right to make war and direct
j its operations has, naturally, that likewise of con-
; eluding a peace; y^et, by our system of govern-
j ment, it would be impossible for our Executive,
i notwithstanding the maxim I have quoted, to be-
i gin negotiations or conclude them, by treating
! with the confederate government at Richmond.
! Neither has the President of the United States any
| power to declare war or concludc peace. Me
i could not if he would, he dare not if he could,
i make a treaty of peace which would alienate an
i acre of our territory or release a State or a citizen
| from the obligation due to the Federal Govern-
j ment. However disadvantageous war may be,
| yet there is no authority to conclude a peace,
j except in pursuance of the Constitution. It has
| been held that a sovereign, when the State is
| reduced to any calamitous exigency, may de-
I termine by what sacrifices he will purchase peace;
j but in this* cortntrj', where the written Constitu-
| tion is the guide of duty, there can be no exigency
: which would authorize a breach of that funda-
1 mental law, upon which repose all our interests.
Better had the President suffer the tortures of
Regulus, than usurp a power to make a peace not
in accordance with the Constitution and the in-
tegrity and indivisibility of the Republic. From
no quarter and by no election has there been any
! expression which looks to a peace based on the
! separation of this country into two nations. No
| mediation or interven tion from any foreign Power,
j based upon such asusgestion, would be tolerated
,j for a moment. If Europe intervened for such
the great writer to whom I have referred, and be- !j a purpose, the war would become continental.
come greater at that moment than in the midst of
his most splendid conquests in the Crimea and in
Italy, which he is about to illustrate in bronze
upon a new arch of triumph in his capital. So
desirable is the return of peace, so divine the of-
fice of peacemaker, that mankind will join with
Vattel in picturing Augustus shutting the temple
of Janus, and giving pcace to the universe, and
adjusting the disputes of kings and nations, as
the greatest of mortals, and, as it were, a God
upon earth.
Second. What are the means left open to bel-
ligerents by the laws of civil war? I do not speak
now of a condition of things not yet apparent in
this country, when one of the parties is reduced
by war to sue for peace, or where both nie weary
of the war, and thoughts of accommodation are
entertained, and peace steps in and puts a period
to the war. I assume now a condition of things
in which, upon our part, as we voted the other
day, our resources are greater than ever, and our
spirit is yet unflagging; and, on the other part, that
the resources of the rebellion are yet for a time
sufficient to harass and withstand the Federal au-
thority in a large part of the immense area to be
rescued from the rebellion. I speak now of a con-
dition in which an aimed force of over seven hun-
dred thousand men are upon our side, and four
hundted thousand on the other; the one having the
advantage of resources,and the other the advantage
of being near then-own homes; and when the spirit
of each is but little less than it was one year ago.
Any mediation or intervention would be spurned
which would obstruct the relations of the Union,
either by embarrassing our arms or our negotia-
tions.
But, are we to be shut off in the future from all
hope of stopping the effusion of blood? if the
South would be content with the Constitution
faithfully administered, as they have shown by
adopting it as the basis of their own establish-
ment, and if they only are aggrieved by alleged
and apprehended infractions of it to the detriment
of their local systems, why may we not hereafter
come together upon that Constitution as the basis
of an amicable adjustment, and by such an amend-
ment of it, made in pursuance of its own provis-
ions, as willassure to the South perfect immunity
from unjust intermeddling with their local rights,
reestablish the Government, while we reinti-giate
its territory? The difficulty is in making the ad-
vance to an accommodation, os such an advance
would be imputed to weakness. Moreover, the
war may be persisted in from ambition, pud*,
and animosity, or from a desire to exterminate
slavery; and these may be obstacles to be sur-
mounted. If such be our condition, then we have
this rule laid down for us by Vattel, that " on such
occasions some common friends of the parties
should effectually interpose by offering themselves
as mediators." It if theoffice of beneficence; and
it is held to be the indispensable duty of those who
have the moons of performing it'with success.
Such a mediation derogates nothing from thatCon-
I speak, also, upon tno hope and hypothesis that \ \ stitution ab intra—that perfect autonomy of the
the influence of the late elections will greatly abate jj State, which is, by all public law, and by the
the apprehensions, and mitigate the aversion, of |i divine order, guarantied to every independent
the mass of the southern pimnie against theNorth; j1 nation.
and that a less revengeful spirit, developed m these
elections, prevails at the North. Thus circum-
stanced, and even while we omit no martial or
naval exeition o-i behalf of the Government,
where is the initiative fur peace? I assume .that
it is not necessary that the war should stop to pre-
pare for penc\ The late war went on With Great
Britain, and battles were fought, even while our
commissioners were at Ghent, and aftc* fn ace
was celebrated. An armistice is not an indispens-
able preliminary to negotiation. In the proposi-
tions which I submitted, more than one year ago,
to this Honso, 1 proposed to incr"ase the arma-
ment of Army and Navy, even while I would have
Kent commissioners from the loyal States to the
disloyal; not to recognize or treat with the con-
fedeiate government, but to meet commissioners
from the States South, which are still, and ever,
a legal and indestructible entity, and with whom
Tins brings me to the third resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,denouncing all me-
. diation and intervention from abroad. The Mon-
rni.- doctrine never had a stronger reason than now
for its enforcement. Intervention in our affairs
can never bo allowed. It is a vague term, and has
had a variety of interpretations by the selfish and
ambitious Powers of Europe, struggling to fix the
balance of power. Its opposite is the established
principle of the law of n.-i'.tobs. .Mw-inturvenUon
. is drawn from the essential sovereignty of every
nation, great and small. Intervention is the ex-
ception, and is only ratified as on extreme meas-
ure—first, when it is demanded by self-pres.rva-
tion; and second, when some fytivuidmary state
of things is brought about by the crime of the
Government. (V/oolsey*s International Law,
p. 91.) History is full of illustrations, running
from ancient Greece to modern Italy, of these doc-
trines. But neither of these rnfofi-cfen- be applied
by Europe to this country. There can never be
any application of them to this Government
which is not in violation of oar sovereign rights
upon this continent, and which, if we had tho
power, we would not resist by our arms. . Inter-
vention comes armed. It takes sides. It has
ambitious designs. It is against our interest, tra-
dition, history, and feeling. But mediation is*
ostensibly friendly and inoffensive. We should
guard against the most silken inveiglement by
France or any other European Power;- but there
is nothing apparent in the note of Drouyn -de
L'Huys tendering a mediation, which indicates
any ambitious or unkind intermeddling.
In the note of the minister of October 3ft, there
is nothingwhich looks like a mediation for a peace
at the expense of the Union. Any " pressure"
upon us is expressly repudiated; and the mediation
is only tendered to smooth obstacles, in case of
a wish, on our part, for such mediation. In the
text of Drouyn de L'Huys's note, the Emperor
bases his overture on the painful interest with
wluch Europe has regarded our great calamity and
prodigious effusion of blood. This interest may
be quickened by the idle looms of Lyons and the
lessened market for French wines. The mission
proposed is one which, as France feels and states,
international law assigns to neutrals. It is only
intended to "encourage public opinion to views
of conciliation." In this tender, a scrupulous deli-
cacy is observed against offending our national
susceptibility against intervention. The constant
tradition of French policy toward this country is
appealed to with apparent sincerity.
We cannot be insensible to such an advance.
But a specter stands in the way to scare us from
its consideration—France in Mexico! Sixty thou-
sand Chasseurs de Vincennes, Voluguers de la
Garde, and Chasseurs d'Afrique! What ore they
doing there ? Has a Bonaparte—the author of the
coup d'etat—the emperbr of that nation which
fought in the Crimea and Italy, become scrupu-
lous of shedding blood ? If so, why do his legions
throng toward the capital of Mexico to "regu-
late" a hostile people? Can humanity inspire
this project of mediation in our affairs?
I prefer to think,knowing the difference between
Mexico and this country, that his policy in Mex-
ico is not intended to be hostile to us, as against
the South; for nothing can be more unfavorable
to the dreams of Davis and his confederates than
the establishment of a European dynasty on their
border. Besides, France has over been our ally.
For great reasons of State, and as an essential cle-
ment of the equilibrium of the world, she helped
us to establish independence. Her blood min-
gled with ours toacquire it. Louisiana came from
her hand to enlaige our domain. No interest in
silk, wines,and cotton, no design in Mexicoought
to enter into her plans of mediation. Besides, if
she meditates, by mediation, the union of these
States, she may quadruple her chasseurs in Mex-
ico, and her ensign may float from every castle in
that ill-starred land; but our Union, if restored,
would exert its first energy in reestablishing the
continental policy of Monroe, and all her plans
in Mexico would fail. Therefore, from the text
of the French note, and its explanation since by
the Secretary of the French minister, and being
confirmed in the belief that, under the "armistice,
France would have lent her aid to a restoration of
the Union," I do not augur any present armed
intervention or sinister motives m her tender of
mediation. Still, the best foresight may fail in
sounding the designs of the wonderful man who
now occupies St. Cloud. Our safety from all in-
tervention lies not merely in our iron-clad navy,
not in our voluminous diplomacy, but in the de-
termination of the people to throw off this load of
rebellion, if the capacity of our rulers, in the
conduct of our affairs, was shown to be equal to
the task of regaining the Federal supremacy at
iiorne, we should not be menaced by European
patronage and meduhng. If we are divided by
radical counsels, and if we incite the servile race
to atrocious insurrections, our revenues will be
wasted, our Govern ment broken, and England will
laugh at our calamities,and Europe will intervene
for our everlasting degradation.
The friendly offices of France may, after our
arms shall have had more decisive success and
our elections permeated the southern mind with
a kindlier feeling, be of great use ia forwarding
