1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we are perhaps sufficiently appreciative. The
representatives of the nation have, in the name
of their great constituency, already given public
thanks to the several commands which gave us
possession of Port Royal and Roanoke Island,
of Fort Donelson and New Orleans.
But I venture to doubt if combats like those
exhibit the highest results of genius or of bravery.
When ship meets ship, or battalion meets its like
in the conflict of battle, the courage which ani-
mates the strife is often the result of calculation.
Victory is foretold to one side or the other by the
presence of the heaviest columns or the posses-
sion of the heaviest batteries.
Bat when the Almighty leads His elements to
battle; when He unlooses His winds and the sea
musters the vast procession of its waves for con-
flict, all such calculations are idle and vain. The
utmost that a frigate or a brigade can do is known
and may be estimated for; but no man can say
when the Almighty has done His mightiest.
In such an engagementas this the steam trans-
port Governor was disabled and wrecked on the
first day of November, 1861. She had three hun-
dred and eighty-five United States marines on
board, under command of Major John S. Rey-
nolds, besides her own crew, in such an engage-
ment she was found by Captain Cad wallader Ring-
gold, of the United States ship Sabine, with his
gallant crew, on the afternoon of the following
day. She had struggled with the pitiless winds,
and been buffeted by the ocean in its angriest mood,
for more than twenty-four hours. One after the
other her port and starboard hog braces parted;
her smoke stack rolled overboard; her rudder chain
was carried away; the packing about her cylinder
head blew out; her rudder head broke; herseams
were started, and she lay disarmed and helpless
at the mercy of the waves. The winds howled
destruction upon the despairing crowd who clung
upon her decks. The ocean yawned to swallow
them. A steamer and a propeller hovered hope-
less about the wreck, crippled in the vain endeavor
to s:ive her uid.
Undismayed by the fury of the elements, unde-
terred by the fate of her predecessors, the Sabine
bore down to the fight. From her decks, as she
plunged by the transport, Ringgold shouted the
promise of salvation to her shuddering host.
Ranging ahead of the wreck the Sabine threw out
her anchor and made fast to the bottom of the
ocean. Payingout hercable slowly the conscious
ship dropped back until her stern approached the
bow of the transport, from which an anchor had
also been dropped. Heavy hawsers were passed
over and made fast to the Governor. Thus fast-
ened to the heavier ship the dismantled hulk lay,
thrashing the ocean as with a flail, while Captain
Ringgold and his officers made their daring pians
for rescuing the lives with which she teemed.
" Oh that night or Blucher would come!" was
the exclamation of Wellington, as his wasting
columns staggered under the fire of the heavier
squadrons Of Napoleon. Night came to Ring-
gold, but it brought only added terror to the scene,
while a hundred armies like Bluchor's could not
have reinforced the crew of the Sabine. They
asked for no reinforcements. By themselves they
knew that battle was to be lost or won; and they
resolved to win. Four hundred human beings
• cried to them almost from the ocean depths for
help; and they resolved to carry help to thern, al-
though they followed that cry to the very depths
of the ocean. A line was dropped from the end
of the spanker-boom upon the deck of the trans-
port; and so, as if Ringgold had iir-id the com-
mission which Christ piomised to  Simon Peter,
he commenced to fish up men from the shattered
Governor.
it was ten o'clock at night when the first man
was transferred from the wreck to the Sabine. By
one o'clock of the next morning thirty only were
sate. One after the other both the hawsers which
held the vessels together parted. Acting Master
Bf.wttie threw himself over the stern of tin-* Sabine
upon the deck of the transport, and the hawsers
wercrefastened. Oneparted again. Aheavycham
cable supplied its place, and the work went on.
The cable soon snapped asunder. One hawser
still held, and by that the Governor was hauled
alongside, and thirty more men leaned upon the
deck of the Sabine. One failing between the vessels
was crushed to atoms. The violence of the col-
lision forced them to let the wreck fall back upon
her anchor. Six men, grown desperate from fear,
jumped into the sea and were devoured by it. Some
new expedient was demanded for the rescue of the
remainder. But one was suggested. Two of the
boats of the Sabine had been lowered in the early
part of the struggle and had been stove to pieces
against the sides of the vessel. One boat still re-
mained, and that was lowered. Hatfield, Bryant,
Tarne and Lang sprang into it and engaged hand-
to-hand in a tussle with the lusty waves, charging
upon them with their oar blades. Pulling near
the transport through the very jaws of death, they
flunga line to her crew, which was made fast, and
by that, one after another, the crewand passengers
of the Governor, flinging themselves into the sea,
pulled alongside the frigate and were lifted on
board.
By eight o'clock on the morning of the 3d, every
man, save the seven who had perished, was trans-
ferred to the deck of the Sabine. In three hours
afterwards, the Governor, as if conscious of the
great salvation she had witnessed, rolled over upon
her side and went to pieces, covering the sea with
her fragments. The Sabine spread her sails to the
baffled winds, and on the 8th of November reached
the roads of Port Royal with her priceless freight.
The other service which the resolution seeks to
commemorate is of a different character. It re-
quired no particular exhibition of daring, but it
made a heavy draft upon nautical skill and genius.
On the 24th of February last, the United States
ship Vermont left the navy-yard at Boston, richly
laden with stores, for the supply of our army at
Port Royal. In less than twelve hours after she
passed Boston light, she encountered a gale from
the northwest, which followed her for fifty hours.
Two days afterward her tiller was carried away,
her pinties broken, and her rudder lost, and the
ship drifted guideless upon the sea. On the 1st of
March she spoke the schooncr J. M. Chapman,
of New London, Connecticut, which lay by her
until the 6th, when she was instructed to proceed
to the nearest port with dispatches for the Navy
Department. On the evening of the 12th of March
the Sabine started out of Lynnhaven Bay, towed
by the strainer Baltic, in search of the wreck. At
half past nine, p. m., Captain Ringgold cast off the
hawser of the Baltic, and stood out upon the path-
less ocean.
The problem for Captain Ringgold to solve was
a curious one. lie was then in latitude 37° north,
and in longitude 76° west from London. Six days
before the Chapman left the Vermont in latitude
38° 45' north, and in longitude 67° 50' west.
Where was she then, and how should he shape
his course so as to intercept the drift of the wreck,
were the questions for him to solve.
Sir, 1 have great respect for those scholars who
can mass together long columns of figures, who
take from their sum other figures, who multiply
that remainder by still others, and give you the
final product. Such things, I am told, can be done
by the application of the simplest rules of com-
mon aiithmetic. It is said there are in mathe-
matics higher problems than those. It is said
there are problems in which only one or two
quantities are known, in which other quantities
are represented by arbitrary characters, and whe^p
the grand result is achieved only by tracking it
through long lines of equations, elaborately pro-
duced, and constantly shifted. The men who
attain to hidden facts through such marvelous
processes are more than scholars, i think they
are masters, if not magicians.
But the problem which confronted Ringgold was
different from all th<;se. The distance and direc-
tion of the Vermont from him six days before,
he knew; where she was then, how fast she was
drifting, and in what direction, were matters for
pure calculation. Todeterrmnethat hemustknow
the geography of the sea, us running streams, its
still lakes, its billowy mountain ranges. l-i> must
understand the geology of the overlying air, its
varying currents, the dip and direction of its dif-
ferent stiata. Br must add to the leagues which
separated the dineivnt degrees of latitude or longi- i
tude thr* inequality s of the convulsed surface of
the ocean. He must multiply the velocity of a
cunent by the force of a wind. He must sub-
tract the loss of a calm. Such was the sum pre-
sented to Captain Ringgold for solution—that was
the sum he solved, lie left Cape H^nry on the
12th of March, and on the SJIth he bore down upon
the shattered Vermont, flung all hi&exultantciew
into the rigging, who gave mnef hearty eheera,
while the band struck up "Hail Columbia-.*''5
These, sir, are the victories of peace'.' These
were triumphs over the elements, notovei* men.
They preserve life, and do notdestroy it; they min-
ister to human happiness, not to human wretch-
edness. - -•
Such services become the American Navy.The
firstof these services has received thanks from
the Common Council of New York, from the
Chamber of Commerce of that State, and from
the Legislature of Maryland.
To these acknowledgments I hope Cougresa
will be pleased to add the grateful thanks of tb&
nation.
Leave wasgranted,andthe jointrssolution (No.-
132) was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs,
CENSURE OF PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up the resolution
which I offered yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to postpone all prior orders, for
the purpose of taking up the resolution indicated
in his motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That after it had become manifest that an tn-
su«rection against the United States was about to break oiu
m'scveial of the southern States, James Buchanan, then
President, from sympathy with the conspirators and their
treasonable project, failed to take necessary and proper
measures to prevent it; wherefore he should receive the
censure and condemnation of the Senate and tile Ameiicaa
people.
#Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose, sir, to debate
tlfat resolution. I do not suppose, that! could en-
lighten any gentleman's mind in relation to the
matter embraced by it, and I further presume that
the mind of every Senator is unalterably fixed-in
relation to the vote which he will give upon the
passage of that resolution. So far, then,as I am
concerned, I do not desire to debate it, but simply
to vote upon it.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against the resolu-
tion, sir; not because I do not believe that it is
true; not because I do not believe that Mr. Buch-
anan did everything that the resolution says he
did; not because 1 do not believe that he is worthy
of censure; but I shall vote against it upon a prin-
ciple that I have invariably acted upon thus far,
and mean to act upon to the end. I think there
is an interrogatory put somewhere in the New
Testament—I cannot tell exactly where—"doth
our law judge any man before it hear him?" Mr.
Buchanan is a private citizen; he has rights of
property and of reputation, as every citizen has;
and I think he should not be assailed in this way.
If the Senate pass a resolution of this sort, it will
have, or it ought to have, great moral weight. If
a resolution of this sort is pansed by the Senate
deliberately and understandingly, as the Senate
ought to act, it will stamp Mr. Buchanan with
infamy as long as he has a place in history, and
his friends may thank God that he has no chil-
dren to inherit his name. It is for that reason,
sir, that 1 am utterly opposed to the Senate pass-
ing judgment upon a man who has no notice of
any sort or kind that any such proceeding is being
had against him; and no matter what- his char-
acter is, no matter how much he has done that is
bad, I vote against the censuie of any private cit-
izen behind his back and unheard, where he has
no chance to answer for himself.
1 shall not be accused or suspected of a very
great degree of sympathy with Mr. Buchanan.
I served with him for years in the Seriate, and I
served on this floor during the time that he was
President oftheUnited States; and f do not know
anything that we agreed upon. I will say this—
which 1 said of him years before he was thought
of for the Presidency, which was always my con-
viction—that he was the moat overrated public
man by the public generally that I ever knew.
But, sir, overrated as he was., and derelict as I
think he w.^, I am opposed to this high court
of the nation, which is a couit of impeachment,
passing this sentence upon him. Besides, sir, it
is the better opinion, it is my own opinion, it
was tho opinion of that eminent statesman and
jurist, John Q,mncy Adams, deliberately formed
and publicly expressed, that to-day James Buch-
anan, if he is guilty of these things, is liable to
impeachment before the Senate, liable-to-impeach-
