THE G ONG-'EESSIOFAL GBOSEi
December 16,
rwmt to-dfty just exactly us much as he was when
he filled the presidential chair, and yet it is now
proposed that Senators who arc liable to be called
on to sit in judgment upon him for these high
crimes shall pass a sentence unheard. For these
reasons, even if I vote alone—and that will not
frighten me—I shall vote against the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is not my intention to
debate this resolution. I regard it as a proceed-
ing unknown in the history of the legislation of
the country, and unknown to the Constitution of
the United States, thus to arraign before the Sen-
ate a piivate citizen. But, sir, if there must be a j
departure from what has heretofore been the prac- i
tice of this Senate and of the country, and if pri-
vate citizens are to be arraigned before the Senate,
I want some little degree of fairness to be prac-
ticed; and with that view I shall offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
I take this occasion to say that while Mr. Buch-
anan tfas m power, I never danced attendance
around the throne of power. I never asked any
favors from his Ad ministration, and never received
any. But, sir, judging from his course when
President of the United States, judging from his
messages sent in to Congress recommending a
peaceful adjustment of our national difficulties, I
do not believe that the charges contained in the
resolution arc true. In saying that, 1 do not mean
to say that i do not believe that the Senator frofa
Kentucky thinks they are true ; but they are
charges upon which the people of the country pro-
fess to dlifer.
Sir, I recollect very distinctly before the seces-
sion of the southern States, Mr. Buchanan sent
a message to tha Congress of the United States,
imploring them, almost, by peaceful modes, by
modes known to the Constitution of the country,
to avert the calamities of civil war. I shall not
discuss the resolution further, but will offer an
amendment, in order that Mr. Buchanan may be
notified that it has been introduced,and have lib-
erty to defend himself against the charges therein
contained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved further, Thata copy of the foregoing resolution
be served upon the said James Buchanan, and that he be
notified iliat he has liberty to defend himself belorc the
Senate against the charges m said resolution contaiaed, if
he shall choose so to do.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to lay the resolution
and amendment proposed by the Senator from
Delawaieon the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 would like to ask whether
the Senator from Kentucky wishes to discuss the
resolution. I have no objection to giving him an
opportunity to do that. 1 will not vote to cutoff
debate; but if the Senator does not wish to discuss
it, I shall vote to lay it on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. If that is the puipose of the Sen-
ator, I would just as soon he would execute it now
as nt any time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, OarlHo,
Ciaik, (,'olkmier, Cowan, Dixon, l)oolittl«s Fessemien,
Field, Foot, foster, Grimes, Hale, If-inim:*, Italian, Hdtns
Henderson, Kennedy, King, Lane ol Indiana, Lane or"
Kansas, Latham, Mori ill, Nesmirh, Pomcioy, Powell,
lUee, Sauli-bury, Sherman. Ten Eyok, Tiumbu)!, Wade,
VViil.'y, Wilson of Massachusetts-, Wilson of Missouri,
and Wiight—38.
SAY>6—Messrs. Davis, Howe, and Wilkinson—3.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday is the
bill (S. No. 403) relating to appointments in the
naval service, which is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collameu ] to reconsider the vote agreeing
to the amendment of (he Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] to strike out the following words from
the first section of the biil:
And all sucli appointments hitherto made, which bhall
not lime been coniinned by the Senate on or bcfoic the 3d
of Maieh next, s3k.U cense and determine ou that day,
Mr. HALE. There is an amendment which I
propose to offer, which I think will obviate the
objections of everybody who is willing to have his
objections obviated, in lieu of the amendment of
the Senator from fowa. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until the morning
hour to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
DISCHARGE OP STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 362, to provide
for the discharge of State prisoners and others,
and to authorize the judges of the United States
courts to take bail or recognizances to secure the
trial of the same.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill, the pending
question being on the amendment submitted by
Mr. Sumner, to insert in line eleven of section
three, after the word " offenses," the words,*« or
to make or issue any of the orders hereinbefore
provided;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it is and shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, whenever,
Congress not being in session, and, in his judgment, by rea-
son of <' rebellion or invasion, the public salety may require
it," to suspend, by proclamation, the privileges of the writ
ol habeas corpus in all cases of political offenses throughout
the United States, or m any part thereof, until the meeting
of Congress thereafter ; and whenever and wherever the
said vvut bhall be suspended as aforesaid, it shall be unlaw-
ful for any of the judges of the several courts of the United
States, or of any State, to allow said wilt, as to such of-
fcubfb, or to make or lc-sue any of the oulera heieinbefore
provided, anything in this act or m any other act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe that that amend-
ment was offeied by me when this bill was under
discussion, as long ago as the 16th of July. I
have not considered the biil carefully lately, and I
am not aware of the precise bearing of the amend-
ment. I know that at the time when I offered it,
I supposed it would, bear specially on certain cases
which were then pending; but there has been a
change of facts since then, as the Senator from
Illinois will remember; a great many prisoners
have been discharged. I therefore for the present
withdraw the amendment, as I do not pretend at
this moment to know precisely what its efficacy
would be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
be allowed to withdraw his amendment, if there
be no objection. The Chair hears none. The
question is on ordering the amendments which
have been adopted to be engrossed, and the biil
to be icad a thiul time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not desire to embar-
rass the progress of the bill, but it is now a num-
ber of months since I read it. It is all right enough
to call it up at present, with a view of having our
attention duected to it, so that there may be early
action upon it. I do not wish to embarrass it, but
I desire to have an opportunity to read it. I will
therefore move that it lie ou the table until to-
morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read through now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that.
Air. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objec-
tion to the bill going over until to-morrow. It was
reprinted on my motion, a few days ago, with the
amendments. It was considerably and substan-
tially amended in the Senate, as the members of
the Senate will recollect, or, if they will refer to
the House bill as it came to us, they will see what
the amendments are. My object in having it re-
printed was that each Senator might have it be-
fore him. it is the first bill on the files on each
Senator's desk. I shall have no sort of objection
to its going over until to-morrow. 1 have ho spe-
cial interest in the bill, other than every one else.
I have thought it advisable that some such bill
should be passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the bill should be or-
dered to a third reading, it would be beyond the
power of amendment, and I do not wish it placed
in that position to-day.
| Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator from
[ Illinois that the bill be proceeded with by reading
| it to-diiy. it is possible that in listening to it some
: amendments may occur, and after we have listened
to it, we may consider and determine whether to
act upon it to-day or let it go over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish it to be acted
on to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "Will the Senator
designate the hour to which he proposes to defer
it to-morrow'
Mr. HALE. Say one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I may as well move, I
think, that it bo postponed and made the order of
the day for one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is entirely accepta-
ble to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator from
Vermont to modify his motion, so as simply to
postpone the bill. I hope we shall not begin, at
this early period of the session, to make orders
of the day. If there is a general disposition to
take it up and go on with it to-morrow, there is
nothing in the way of it; but I hope we shall not
begin the system, that litis been found very embar-
rassing, of malting special orders. Let us simply
postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have 110 objection to that,
if the gentleman wishes it. I move that this bill
be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ARREST OF CITIZEN'S OF DELAWARE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the unfinished business of the last
sitting now comes up regularly in order. The
question before the Senate is the resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Sauls-
bury.]
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, ami iie is hereby,
directed to'inluim the Senate whether Dr. John Ljivs and
Wiutelcy Meiedith, or eitherof them eitizen.% of the State
of Delaware, have been arrested anil lmpnsoned in Fort
Delaware ; when they were arrested and so imprisoned ;
the charges against them; by whom made; by who&e or-
ders they were arrested and imprisoned; and ttiat lie com-
municate to the Senate all papeis lekuing to their arre«
and imprisonment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is the amendment of the Senator fiom Indi-
ana, [Mr. Wright,] to strike out the words " the
Secretary of "War be, and he is hereby, directed,"
and insert, " the President be requested, if in his
judgment it shall not be incompatible with the
public interest.,J
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is with a view of dis-
posing of all that class of resolutions that I pro-
pose to call the attention of tbe Senate at an early
day to the bill in regard to arrests, which was
under consideration a moment ago. It seems to
me that no legislative action can be founded upon
this resolution of inquiry, or the answer to it,
other than that which we now have before the
Senate; and unless somebody wishes to make a
speech upon it—it seems to be a resolution upon
which a great many speeches are hung—I shaii
move to lay it upon the table.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment, to enable
me, not to make a speech, but simply to state the
reason why I think those cases differ from the
general class of cases provided for in that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois withdraw his motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it was my
intention, when the debate should have been gone
through with by others, to submit some remarks
to the Senate in support of the resolution which
I have offered; but 1 do not wish to occupy the
time and attention of the Senate unncccssarily,
and shall not do so provided we can have a vote
this morning. Since I offered the resolution, the
debate has taken n much wider range than I ap-
prehended it would take. I had no idea, when I
offered the resolution of inquiry in reference to
the imprisonment of two citizens of Delaware,
that we should discuss those fundamental prin-
ciples of Government which have been so fre-
quently discussed before tlie Senate. Until the
present difficulties arose, I had considered it as
settled constitutional law that there was no power
in this Government to suspend the wiit of habeas
corpus except by the Congress of the United States,
and then only in cases of invasion or rebellion,
where the public necessity required it.
But, sir, my object in making the request of the
Senator from Illinois to withdraw iiis motion, was
not to discuss this question but to state very briefly
wherein this resolution of inquiry differs from the
general class of cases which the Senator proposes
to provide for by the bill to which he alludes.
