1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-'GLOBE;-
That bill relates to all arrests by executive author-
ity, wherever the arrests may have been made,
and in whatever States the parties may reside,
it applies to arrests of persons in the States which
have assumed to secede, as well as to arrests in
States which have not so assumed to secede. My
resolution refers exclusively to two individuals in
a perfectly loyal State 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me to suggest that he has not
looked carefully at the bill. It relates to the dis-
charge from arrest of citizens of States in which
the administration of the laws has continued un-
impaired in the Federal courts.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I may be mistaken as to
that feature of the bill, because, as was remarked
this morning-, the bill was introduced during the
last session, and I have not looked at it during
the present session. But, sir, a resolution of in-
quiry in relation to the arrest of two individuals
in a SCUte where there has never been any attempt
at resistance to Federal authority, where the courts
of justice are shut against them by presidential
proclamation, certainly does differ from the gen-
eral subject of arrests contemplated by that bill.
I hope, therefore, that the motion to lay this res-
olution on the table will not prevail, and that we
may be allowed to have a vote on the resolution
this morning. If such a course shall not be adopt-
ed by the Senate, I shall endeavor to call it up
again with a view of addressing the Senate upon
the merits of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion to lay
the resolution and the amendment on the table.
Mr. yAULSlftJRY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWNING. I intend to vote for the
motion to lay the resolution on the table, but do
not desire that that vote shall indicate any opinion
as to the merits of the resolution or any final ac-
tion I may choose to take in regard to it. I shall
vote to lay it on the table until the bill which was
up a few minutes ago, and postponed until to-
morrow, shall have been acted upon. If that bill
passes, I think it will entirely supersede the neces-
sity of any such resolution; and it is unnecessary
to consume time in discussing the resolution now,
when that bill is to come up for action to-morrow;
and if it be passed, there will be no necessity for
proceeding further with the resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning,Chandler,
Clark, CoUamer? Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Field. Foot,
Foster, Giimes Hate, Hailan, llarrN, Howard, llowe,
King, Lane of Kansas,Morull, Sumner, Ton Eyck. Ttuni-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, YVilmot, Wilson ofMa^saehusetts,
nnd Wright—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Hard-
ing, Hendeison, Kennedy, Nesimth, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Willoy, and Wilson of Missouu—13.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
* EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages of an executive character
were received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideiation of executive business;
and after a few minutes spent therein, the doors
were reopened.
DEATH OJ? HON. LVTUTAX HANOIiETT.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. I£hier.i c*l, us Clerk,
announcing the death of Lion. Luther lIaxchett,
late a member of the lions? trom .'Lie Slate of
Wisconsin, and communicating; to the Senate the
proceedings of the House thereon.
The Secretary read the resolutions of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. Mr. President, Hon. Lu-
ther Haxcshett, a member of the present House
of Representatives, and a member elect to the next,
died,after a brief iltm.ss, at his residence at Plover,
Wisconsin, on the 24th day of November last.
For the first time has the grave opened to re-
ceive the remains of a deceased member of the
Wisconsin delegation.
Mr. Hanciiett was born in Portage county,
Ohio, in 1825. His father was a physician of high
standing; his mother a woman of superior mind,
and a devoted Christian. By the death of his
father, he was thrown, at the early age of seven-
teen, upon his own resources. He gave himself
early to the study of law, first in the office of a
brother, at Lower Sandusky, Ohio, and after-
ward at Jonesville, in the State of Michigan.
In 1849, at the age of twenty-four, he removed
to Galena, in Illinois, the emporium of the lead
mines. He soon removed to Hazel Green, in
Wisconsin, also within the mining district. After
a short residence there, he left the mines, and lo-
cated himself in the lumber region of Wisconsin,
upon the great river of that name, where he re-
sided to the time of his death, at the age of thirty-
seven. In 1853, he married the eldest daughter
of Hon. James S. Alban, a leading member of
the legal profession in that part of the State, who,
accepting command of the eighteenth regiment of
Wisconsin volunteers, bravely fell at Pittsburg
Landing, within the first week of actual service in
the field.
By his death, Mr. Haxcjiett leaves this esti-
mable lady a widow, with two children, a son and
a daughter. His illness was very brief. He was
confined only four days. lie had a most robust
and vigorous physical frame. The death of her
husband came upon her as sudden and more un-
expected than the death of her father upon the
bloody field of Shiloh.
As a lawyer,as an orator, and as a statesman,
Mr. Hancijett stood foremost in the region of
Wisconsin where he lived. Endowed by nature
with a large, active, and well balanced brain, with
breadth and height and depth, he manifested an
intellect at once vigorous and comprehensive; at
times, and when fully aroused, one of command-
ing power. Constant in purpose, ardent in friend-
ship, genial in conversation, and generous even to
a fault, he acquired great popularity,and wielded
an extended influence m that portion of the State.
In 1856, at the age of thirty-one, he was first elected
to the Senate of Wisconsin. He was reelected in
1858, and, during his last term in that body, served
as chairman of the judiciary committee. In 1860,
he was elected to Congress by a very large ma-
jority. His speech in the House' is among the
ablest delivered during the last session. lie was
reelected from the sixth district of Wisconsin in
November last. Indeed, he had just passed through
the excitement of the canvass, thus realizing, in
all its significance, *' in the midst of life we arc in
death." In political opinion, he was reared a
Whig, in the school of Henry Clay. Upon the
dissolution of that party, and upon the reorgani-
zation of the Republican party of Jefferson, he
gave his adhesion to tjiatwith all the ardor of his
earnest nature. But death suddenly intervened,
ended a successful political career, crushed the
hopes and expectations of his numerous admirers
and friends, and in a most forcible manner re-
peated to us the lesson of the uncertainty, utter
uncertainty, of ail there is in this life.
I cannot close this brief testimonial of regaid
for the deceased without making allusion to the
deep anxieties of this day and of this very hour, j
Senators, for more than a year past our whole |
country has been draped in mourning. Hardly |
ahousehoid has escaped. It has been a long, long |
period of blood and agony and tears. How much I
longer it must be, none can foresee. While I now
speak, at this very hour, down upon the Rappa-
hannock, confronting each other with all the ter-
rible enginery of war, are two great armies, num-
bering hundreds of thousands. The battle of
Satuiday last, with its thousands of dead and
wounded, is but preliminary to the great stru^le
yet to come. What rusoi's hang ui oo it God
only knows. If our aimy is victorious* if they
shall drive the rebels out of their intrenchmenis
in their chosen position, the power of the rebellion :
will be broken in pieces, and every question in-
volved in that wni be speedily solved. First of;
all, it would settle the financial question; fur, if ;
victorious, then our credit would be established ;
upon foundations so firm and enduring that wc :
could command the money of the woihi. Again: ;
it would settle the Union question; for, if we arc
vietoHous over the n bel army in Virginia, the ,
Union vul! be established forevu*. If victorious ]
in the conflict now impending, secession and re- ;
belhon will be tiampled down forevf r, and all foi-
eign intervention proposed or attempted will go '
down with it. If victorious now, the great strug-
gle between republicanism and uristouacy upon
this continent is ended forever. Above ail, if vic-
torious in this great work, the principle of human
liberty, as the common law of mankind, wiii bo
established forever and ever* That. God the Al- *
mighty may grant to our arms in Virginia a great*-
speedy, and decisive victory, is the earnest and-
constant prayer of every patriotic Jieart. .
Mr. President, I beg leave to submit the. follow
ing resolutions: . ., - . ; ,
Resolved!, That the Senate mourns tbo death of Hon.
Luther IIaschett, late a member of the Ilouse ofRcfh-
resentatives from the State of Wisconsin, and tenders to,
his widow and children and other relatives a sincere sym-
pathy in this afflicting bereawment. •
Resolved, That as a mark of respect for the memory of
the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 16, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Itev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. DELAPLAINE. I rise to a question of
privilege. I voted yesterday against the t-csolu*,
tion offered by the honorable gentleman from'
Maine, [Mr. S. C. Fessenden,] and I observe
that my vote is not recorded. 1 move that the
Journal be corrected in that regard.
The motion was agreed to, and the Journal was
corrected accordingly.
GENERAL TWIGGS'S SWORBS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, in
relation to three swords of General David E*
Twiggs, recently forwarded to Washington from
New Orleans, by General Butler.
The message, with an accompanying letter from
General Butler, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordeied to be printed.
TREASURY CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report of the disbursements of
the contingent fund of the Treasury Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1862; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to bo printed.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. POMEROY asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have his vote recorded in favor
of the resolution offered yesterday by Mr. Wash-
BURNfE, in relation to the payment of the interest
on the public debt.
INDIVISIBILITY OF THE UNION, '
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the consideration of the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Stevens on the 4ih
of December, and postponed to this day:
Resolved, That this Union must be, and remain, one and
indivisible forever.
Resolved, That if any person in the employment of the
United States, in either the legislative or executive brancfo,
should propose to make peace, or should accept, or advise
the acceptance, of any puoh proposition on any other basis
than the integrity and* entire unify of the United States and
their Territories as they existed at the time of the rebellion,
he will be guilty of a high ernne.
Rcsoitcd, That this Government can npver accept the
mediation or permit the intervention of any foreign nation,
during this rebellion, in our domestic aflans.
Rpsolcrd, That no two Governments can ever be permit-
ted to exisi within the terr.loo now belonging to the United
States-, and which acknowledged their jurisdiction at the
time ot the nismrectioii.
Mr. STEVENS claimed the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire, with the
permission of the gentleman, to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
Tin. SPEAKER. Dors the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield for thai purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, I do not. These
resolutions will ptubably occupy some time, and
I do not des-bx to consume the time of the House
with men* abstract propositions, while there is
impmtnnt business which ought to be attended to.
1 think it right, liurofoie, that 1 should not urge
the consideration of these resolutions at the pres-
ent time: but 1 will ask ihe lIous e to postpone
than, and take up and pass one of the appropri-
ation bills reported yesteiday, and which has
been printed. it is impm taut that w« should make
some progress with the appropriation bills before
the holidays, i that the furtherponeidera-
