im
the mmmmmmj- globs:
December 16,
tion of the resolutions be postponed to this day
three weeks; and on that motion I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should be glad
to have the opportunity of submitting some reso-
lutions as an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. There will be no difficulty
m offering them when the resolutions come up for
consideration.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the motion
to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were postponed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBELLION OP THE SECEDING STATES.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask the House to take
up one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. WRIGHT. My colleague will indulge
me for one moment. A few days since I offered
some resolutions, which were assigned for con-
sideration to the same day as those of my colleague,
f desire to move that they be also postponed until
the same day.
The resolutions offered by Mr. Wright are
as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled, 1, That the rebellion on the
pait of the seceding States against the Government and
laws of this Union was deliberately wicked and without
reasonable cause; the compact of union being perpetual,
no State has the constitutional power to forcihiy secede,
and that there was no grievance, real or imaginary, upon
the part of the seceding States, for the redress of winch the
Constitution does not furnish ample remedies.
% That the rebellion being in contravention of the Con-
stitution and laws, it is the duty of the Government to put
U down without legard to cost or the consequences that
may befall those engaged in it, and all necessary constitu-
tional means for this purpose, and this alone, should be fur-
nished by the people; that inasmuch as the great and wicked
crime invoked the power of the sword, the war should be
prosecuted with all the vigor, and strength, and means of
the Federal Government tiil rebellion be subdued, and no
longer.
3. That an honorable pence is desirable, but no peace
while aimed opposition menaces the capital and threatens
the overthrow of the Union, nor that peace which would
be established upon thedismcmbered fragments of a mighty
and pu 4>perous nation; and that man who would entertain
peace upon these conditions is a traitor to his country, and
unworthy the protection of its laws.
4. That the war was inaugurated solely for the suppres-
sion of the lebelhou and the restoration of the Union as it
was; that any and all attempts to change or divert tins line
of policy is a Iraud upon the nation, a fraud upon the mem-
ory ol the gallant men wiio have sacrificed their lives, and
a Iraud upon the living soldiers who now stand upas a wall
between their loved country and its wicked invaders.
5. That the value or dollars and cents does not enter into
the momentous question of the maintenance of populai lib-
erty, or the preservation of a free Government, any more
than the lives and comfort of the traitors who have con-
spired and leagued together foi thpir destruction.
6. That the Union lestored, the war should cease, and
the seceding States be leceived back into the Union with
all the privileges and immunities to which they were ori-
ginally entitled.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentleman
allow me to offer mine as a substitute for his, that
they may go over also?
Mr. WRIGHT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. VxVLLANDIGHAM. My resolutions can
be printed in the Globe.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now renew my motion to
postpone.
Mr. WICKLTFFE. 1 have a short amendment
which I would like to have the same privilege of
offering; and I would be glad also to have it
printed.
The SPEAKER. What does the gentleman
propose to amend ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Them is an amendment to the
amendment already pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well; I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I then offer the following
as an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio:
Resolved, That ali who are opposed to the closinsrof this
war upon the principle of preserving the Constitution as it
is, and tile restoration of the Union in it was formed by that
Constitution, are enemies to the eouutrv, and unfit to hold
any olfiee of trust or piotit.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now renew my motion to
postpone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask that the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio may be reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
they are substantially the same resolutions as were
read before the House a few days ago.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move to lay theamend-
ments on the table.
Mr. CONWAY. I second the motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will notthatcarry
the original resolutions with it?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask that my
amendment may be read.
The amendment was read, and is as follows:
Resolved, J. That the Union as it was must be restored
and maintained forever under the Constitution as it is—the
fifth article providing for amendments included.
2. That no final treaty of peace ending the present civil
war can be permitted to be made by the Executive, or any
other person in the civil or military service of the United
States, on any other basis than the integrity and entirety of
the Federal Union, and of the States composing the same,
as at the beginning of hostilities, and upon that basis peace
ought immediately to be made.
3. That the Government can never permit armed or hos-
tile intervention by any foreign Power in regard to the pres-
ent civil war.
4. That the unhappy civil war in which we are engaged
was waged, in the beginning, professedly, " not in any
spirit of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, or purpose of overthrowing or interfering with
the rights or established institutions of the States, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution,
and to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and
rights of the several States unimpaired," and was so un-
derstood and accepted by the people, and especially by the
Army and Navy ot the United States; and that, therefore,
whoever shall pervert, or attempt to pervert, the same to a
war of conquest and subjugation, or for the overthrowing
oi interfering with the rights or established institutions of
any of the States, and to abolish slavery therein, or foi the
puipose of destroying or impairing the dignity, equality, or
rights of any of the States, will be guilty ot a flagrant breach
ot public faith, and of a high crime against the Constitution
and the Union.
5. That whoever shall propose, by Federal authority, to
extinguish any of the States of the Union, or to declare
any of them extinguished, and to establish territorial gov-
ernments or permanent military governments within the
same, will be deserving of the censure of this House and
of the country.
fi. That whoever shall attempt to establish a dictatorship
in the United States, thereby superseding oi suspending the
constitutional authorities of the Union, or to clothe the
President or any other ofheer, civil or military, with dicta-
torial or aibitiary power, will be guilty of a high crime
against the Constitution and the Union and public liberty.
Mr. STEVENS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his motion and let this
whole matter go over. The House has to choose
between three and four sets of resolutions, and we
can vote upon them a great deal better after a lit-
tle discussion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
all resolutions on these and similar subjects shall
be postponed till the first Monday in January,
1900. [Laughter.]
Mr, STEVENS. I could not consent to that
suggestion withoutfirstconsultingthe Executive.
[Laughter.]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF FUNDED DEBT.
Mr. COX. On yesterday, a resolution was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means in
relation to the funded debt that comes due this
year. I have a resolution hereasking certain in-
formation on that subject, to which i think there
will be no objection.
ij The resolution was received by unanimous con-
t; sent, and was considered and agreed to, as follows:
j i Resolved, That the Secietary of the Treasury be directed
!j to furnish to tin's House a statement of the amount of the
■; United Htatesjoan, cteated in 1841, and extended by the
act of April Jo, 184-2, which will tall duo during the pres-
! enr year; and also the names of those who are registered as
;j the owners thereof, and such information a* the Depart-
;t uicnt may possess as to the actual owne^hip thereof. And
ji that the Secretaij of the Treasury communicate to this
•; Hnu«e a copy or copies of any memorial or memorials ad-
!; dressed to him, or m the Department of trie Tieasury, pro-
i> posing or soliciting a special medium of payment to the
;■ owners 01 holders of the said loan, and whether he pro-
'> poses to pay said loan in coin.
;j ixdtans in minnesota.
I; Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, in pur- !
suance of previous notice, introduced a bill for j
|j the removal of the Winnebago Indians, and for the !
|; sale of their reservation in Minnesota, for their
j| benefit; which was road twice, and referred to the
|| Committee on Indian Affairs.
j Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
■ duced a bill for the removal of certain bands of
Sioux Indians, and for the disposition of their
reservations in Minnesota and Dakota; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Military Academy appro-
priation bill, which has been printed, and which
was made the special order for Friday next, be con-
sidered to-day in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I understand that it is
desired shortly to announce the death of a mem-
ber, and I trust we will pass the bill first. It will
take but a short time.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. W right in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of House bill
2sTo. 611, making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 18G4.
The bill having been read through, and no
amendments being offered,
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and report the biil to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wright reported the bill
to the House without amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed—ayes eighty-three, noes
not counted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEATH OF HON. LUTHER IIANCHETT.
Mr. POTTER. The melancholy duty is de-
volved upon me of announcing the death of Hon.
Luther Haxchett, late member of this House,
representing the second congressional district of
the State of Wisconsin. He died at his home in
Plover, Portage county, Wisconsin, after a short
illness, on the 24th of November last, Mr. Hak-
chett was born in Tallmadge, Portage county,
Ohio, in 1825, and consequently was thirty-seven
years old when, in the prime of life, and with the
promises of long years of usefulness and honor
before him, the inexorable summons, which we
all await, was heard, and his earthly career was
terminated. Left at an early age, by the loss of
his father, to his own resources, he soon gave evi-
dence of that intellectual power and force of char-
acter which enabled him to triumph over the
defects of early education, and to achieve an honor-
able position at the bar and in the councils of the
State and of the nation. Having completed his
professional studies, and after being admitted to
the practice of the law, at the age of twenty-four
he selected as his future residence the State with
which the interests and renown of his brief career
were to be identified, and while awaiting employ-
ment in his profession, had the manly sense to re-
sort to the labor of his hands for the relief of his
immediate necessities.
But his talents, in a comparatively new and
growing State, could not long remain obscured;
and his accidental engagement in a suit then pend-
ing led to the permanent and successful resump-
tion of his profession, in which he rose rapidly
to the highest rank in his own section of the State.
His ready eloquence and practical sagacity, com-
bined with his clear perceptions and logical habit
of mind, eminently qualified him-for distinction
as an advocate. He was soon after elected dis-
trict attorney, which office he filled with ability
four years. -Hut in his ripening intellect, m his
large and comprehensive views, and his political
information and experience, his fellow-citizens
saw those elements of usefulness and success in
public life which they were not disposed to over-
