1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 6rLOBE.
look; and he was twice elected to the State Senate of
"Wisconsin, two years of which time he filled the
responsible position of chairman of the judiciary
commiuee in which capacity he took aprominent
part in the revision of the laws of the State. In
1860, he was elected a member of this body, and
was reelected by a large majority at the recent
election.
Generous to a fault, constant and ardent in his
friendships, genial in his disposition, he has left
a void in many of your hearts which I shall not
attempt by any poor words of mine to fill. The
places which knew him on earth will know him
no more forever. But though dead he still speaks,
calling us to emulate his disinterestedness, his
manly virtues, and his ardent patriotism. To his
afflicted family, now doubly bereaved, and to his
friends, I tender the respectful sympathies which
spring spontaneously to all our hearts, commend-
ing them to the consolation of that Being who
tempers the wind to the shorn iamb; and as the
customary tribute of respect to his memory, I 1
move the adoption of the following resolutions: j
Resolvedy That as a mark of respect to the memoty of !
Hon. Ljjtheh Ha.nchi:tt, deceased, late a member of the I
House from Wisconsin, the members wiJJ wear tlie usual !
badge of mourning l'or thirty days. I
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect for the mem-
oiy of the deceased, the House do now adjourn.
Reiolvcd, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions
to the Senate.
Mr. SLOANE. It is with no ordinary emo-
tions of sorrow that 1 add my tribute of respect
and affection to the memory of my departed col-
league.
Forming his acquaintance several years .since,
frequently associating with him in political and
public life, at times in familiar and daily inter-,
course, I had learned to know and appreciate those
qualities of the deceased which so largely secured
him the confidence and attachment of his friends.
Mr. Hanchett could not properly be called a
great man; but he possessed many of the elements
of greatness, and many more of those which con-
tribute to success and distinction.
His early educational advantages were limited;
hut he had native sense, industry, and applica-
tion; and by a proper use of the scanty opportu-
nities within his reach, he acquired much useful!
and substantial knowledge. These, with his habits
of closc observation, his retentive memory, and
powers of discrimination, enabled him to remedy
the neglectof his early education, and to success-
fully and creditably discharge his professional and!
official duties.
He early exhibited a taste and fondness for the*
law; and after the usual course of studies whichs
he pursued with characteristic devotion and at-
tention, he entered the profession more than ordi-
narily qualified for its duties and responsibilities-
He soon acquired a good standing atthe bar, was>
twice elected district attorney of his county, was
two years chairman of the judiciary committee
of the State Senate, a position the most delicate-
and responsible in that body; and for years was
the recognized leader of his circuit, an eminence'
he worthily maintained till the day of his death.
He had a logical and vigorous mind. He was
practical in his ideas, as in his aims and purposes
of life. He subjected every measure to the test
of his sterling sense; and rejecting all that was
fanciful and ideal, he clung'to that which was
practical and useful. Of strong convictions and
stronger will, he commanded success in all the en-
terprises in which he earnestly embarked.
He was faithful always to his friends, though
not hasty in giving his confidence or forming his
friendships; yet for friends once made and recog-
nized there was no effort too laborious, no sacri-
fice too great for their advancement.
Social in his nature, of genial manners and great
conversational powers, he was popular among
his fellow-men, and attracted to himself troops of
friends—friends who respected and loved him, and
who would cling to him through good and evil for-
tune in all that pertained to his honor, lus interest,
or his success.
He was charitable almost to a fault. He gave
freely and liberally to all local societies an(Ten-
terprises calculated to benefit his fellow-men. To
those who came with the appeal of poverty or the
claim of misfortune he was a willing and sympa-
thizing listener, and never either went from him
empty handed away.
In official life he was modest and unassuming,
seldom putting himself forward in the conduct of
public affairs unless he could see that some end
was to be attained, some good accomplished.
During his brief service here he mingled but
little in the debates, and took but little part in the
public proceedings of this body; but he was watch-
ful of the interests of his constituents, and deeply
interested in all legislation affecting the welfare of
the country. Could he have been spared through
the term for which he was reelected, his counsels
would have been valuable and his influence felt
in those grave and weighty questions which will
occupy the attention of the coming Congress.
But it was otherwise decreed. The excitement
of the election had passed away, the session of
Congress was approaching, the colleagues of Mr.
Hanchett were looking forward to a renewal of
their official and social intercourse with a pleasure
undisturbed by any forebodings of his death. We
had heard nothing of his sickness. He was lately
in good spirits and robust health; and 1 was en-
tirely unprepared for the rumor, which reached
! me on the cars on my journey hither, that he was
! dead. I shall not soon forget that sad and anx-
i ious journey, fearing the rumor might be true;
| inquiring at every station, hoping almost against
  hope, till soon 1 saw an authentic announcement
of his death, and then fully realized that the friend
j of many years, the associate in political and pri-
vate life, the true man, the faithful friend,on the
very threshold of an honorable career, in the very
prime of mortal life, had been called to his long
last home.
Hut woe unto us, not him. We are left in the
midst of the perils that surround the country, op-
pressed by the anxieties incident to this terrible
war, and burdened by the responsibilities of these
troublous times. He sleeps his last sleep in the
bosom of his adopted State, the State he served
so faithfully and loved so well.
Mr. NOBLE. Mr. Speaker, Luther Han-
chett was a native of Ohio; was born about the
year 1826, at Middleburg, then in Portage, but
now included in Summit county, in that State.
He was the son of Dr. Luther Hanchett, a phy-
sician of high reputation in his profession, who
died at Hillsdale county, in the State of Michigan,
when his son Luther was about fifteen years of
age, leaving him at that early age entirely desti-
tute of pecuniary means.
After the death of his father, Luther went to re-
side with his half brother, Colonel Ralph P. Buck-
land, a lawyer of fine attainments, at Fremont, in
the State of Ohio, where he remained until he ar-
rived at the years of maturity, was educated, read
law, and was regularly admitted to practice in the
courts of that State. Without any attempt to pur-
sue his profession in Ohio, he first emigrated to
Janesville, in the State of Michigan, and I think
was there employed for a short period in one of
the county offices. Fium there he again emigrated
to the pine regions of Wisconsin, and at first
engaged himself for a time in the manufacture of
shingles, giving but little if any attention to his
chosen profession. But his active, comprehensive,
and well-balanced mind could not be concealed
under the guise of the woodsman. An important
lawsuit occurred, in which one of the parties in-
volved was poor and friendless. Luther engaged
his services, without reward or the hope thereof,
in behalf of the friendless party; and though he
had then had but little experience in the practice,
he yet entered into the conduct of the case with
spirit and energy, bringing to it professional skill
and judgment of no ordinary character. His ef-
forts were crowned with success, and his reputa-
tion as a lawyer was thus established.
From this time forth the young and enterprising i
shingle-maker became one of the leading spirits 1
of the State of his adoption. He was twice elected
a member of its Legislative Councils; was twice
elected distuct attorney of his county; was elected
to the piesent Congress in the year 1860, and had i
"been just reelected to a seat in the next Consrress ,
shortly prior to his d^ath. These honors, show- 1
ered so thick and fast upon him, bear unmistaka-
ble testimony of the satisfactory manner in which j
he discharged the trusts imposed upon him by ,
a confiding people; no better evidence could be
given. But of his history in Wisconsin, and the
esteem in which he was held there, 1 do not pur-
pose to speak further; the honorable Representa-
tives from that State havedone this better than I
could hope to.
I understand he has left a wife and, tw.o. smasll •
children to mourn his loss, and toinherittheproad
name he has won in the history of his §wrt State
and in that of the nation.
But, Mr. Speaker, it was not my purpose to say
more than was necessary to testify, in a humble
manner, my high esteem for a Jamented member
of this House, who was raised and educatedin the
district I now have the honor to represent. This
1 could do in a no more forcible or appropriate
manner than to barely state the facts as they ex-
ist. In Ohio, where he had lived and was well-
known, he had many and warm friends. Modest
and unassuming, almost to a fault, yet he could
not fail to impress all with whom he came in con-
tact that he possessed a mind of much more than
ordinary capacity. Raised and educated in the
family of an elder and kind brother, from the
time of the death of his father, on arriving at the
years of manhood the independence of his ambi-
tion so strongly prompted him to become the ar-
biter of his own fortune and his own success in'
life, that he at once emigrated to the West, and
without money or influential friends sought from
his own unaided exertions to obtain that success
which has since so abundantly been showered
upon him. He was in short, Mr. Speaker, what
the world calls a self-made man. Kind and cour-
teous in all his intercourse with others, he did not
fail to secure the friendship and confidence of all
with whom he became acquainted.
In the discharge of his duty here as a Repre-
sentative, he always manifested intelligence and
abilityofahigh order;andby hiscandorand hon-
esty of purpose always secured the respect and
esteem of those who differed with him in opinion.
Mr. Speaker, our deceased brother member was
but a young man, and a few short months ago
when we separated from him, at the close of the
last session, he seemed to have as strong a hold
upon life jis the best among us. This event ad-
monishes us anew that the ways of Providence
are inscrutable. And though we are surround-
ed by death and suffering on all sides, resulting
from the direful and deadly struggle in which our
nation is now engaged; though the youth, the
manhood, and the vigor of our land, the intelli-
gent, the wise, and the great of our Army, amid
the thunders of artillery and the rattle of musket-
ry are falling as before the scythe of destruction;
though even now, while 1 yet speak, the number
of their unburied dead upon the dark and gory
field of Fredericksburg may be counted by thou-
sands—yet this death of one of our young and vig-
orous fellow-members in his quiet western home,
where the clangor of arms and the trump of the
warrior are not heard, comes to us as another
solemn admonition.
"Watch, therefore, for ye know neither tho
day nor the hour wherein the Son of man com-
eth."
The resolutions were agreed to.
And thereupon (at a quarter past one o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 17, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Thu VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of t he 2d instant, copies of reports of the
board of officers appointed under the act of July
15,186*2, " to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to accept the title to League Island, in the Dela-
ware river, for naval purposes;" which, on motion
of Mr. Hale, was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
I'KTITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Air. HOWE presented the petition of Phebe
Ann Fisk, widow of Almond D. Fisk, praying
for an extension of the patent issued to her late
husband, on the 14th of November, 1848, for an
improvement in coffins, usually called "Fisk's
metallic burial cases;" which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a memorial of the
