1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be road.
Mr. CLARK. I hardly think it is worth while
to rend the original bill. Peihaps the amendment
may be read which is a substitute for the original
bill.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. That course
. will be pursued.
The amendment was to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof
the following;:
That there shrill he appointed'by the President of the
United States, by and witli the advice and consent of the
Senate, three commissioners and one solicitor of claims,
who shall hold their otiice^ dm m; the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, and be entitled tor their services to a salary of .$:j,UU0
each per annum, to be paidquarietly. outot any money iu the
Treasury not otherwise appropi Sated and r-uoli other sum as
shall actually be expended by them hu traveling expenses
in tile discharge of their duties under this aet. and certified
as reasonable by the Secretary of War. Each of -aid com-
ims«ioners and sohcitoi. belore entering upon the d:s>chai«e
of his Untie-, shall lake and subscribe an oath to suppoit the
Constitution ot tiie United State-, a id taifhiully discharge
the duties of said offi.ee; and -halt also take and s-ubsciibe
the oath of allegiance required hv the act of August 6,1831,
which oath shall be fifed in tin; War Department.
Sec. 2. JJml be it further cnacted, That said commission-
ers shall appoint a eleik and marshal, who shall hold their
offices during the pleasure of said connnt-sioneis.. and per-
form such duties as may be requnedol the in under this act.
The clcrk shall leceive a salaiy ot $1,609, and Ihe marshal
a salary of $1,05)0 per annum, to be paid ciuurtci Ij irom ihe
Tieasuiy ; and in addition the amount winch they shall act-
ually expend for tuiveling expenses in tin* di-clnr^; of
tlieir dutte- underfill- act, and which shall be eei titled a^
reasonable by ihe Secretary oi War. Befoie cnteimg upon
the discharge of their duties, *uid eleik and mai.-hal shall
each take and Mibsciilie an oath tosiippoit the Constitution
of the United Stated, and faithfully discliai^e the duties of
said office, and shall in addition take and sub-cube the oath
of allegiance icquued by the act of August G, 1&31, which
oath shall bv> filed in tbo War Uepaitmen^.
Ssc. 3. *dud be it fuithcr enacted 3 That saidcontmtesion-
ers shall have cognizance oi all claims agaiu-t the United
States which sslinll bo presented to them by any person who,
during the present lebellion, has sustained or may Mi-tain
damages by the loss orinjiuy of any property which hah been
or may be taken by public authority for the u o and occu-
pation of our Aitnv ; al.-o, ait claim* lor sciviees reudeied
or property sold to or taken or impressed by public authority
for the use or subsistence of the Aimy ot ihe United State*
during ^nid rebellion; al-o. ail claims lor damage,-, by the
destruction or mjuiy ot an> hou-e oi build ma while Ihe same
was occupied a1- a place ot military depo-it tor military or
naval storey, or bv the imhtniy loice« ot the United State-,
under the authoufy of an officer or agent ot the United
States; ai-o, all claim- lor lo-s.es or damages sustained dur-
ing said rebellion by any per.-on in consequence of the de-
struction ot lus. oi her real or pcr-onal propei ty by the Hoops
in the seivice of the United States by oidei ot the com-
mandant of the coip- by whom the same was occupied,
taken, or dosnoyed . Pmadcd, h^wo c>, That nil claim*- em-
biaoed in thepinvMnn-oftlu- aet not pre-ented foi adju-t-
ment and allowance within three jeai- attei the elo-e of
the ptescnt civil war or the Mippte-sion of the rebellion
bhali be foievcr baited, and that no chum ptnvuled tor by
thit. aet shall ever he presented to the Con it of Claims theie-
aitor unless relet ted to said court by the Senate or the tlou-e
ol Repiusentatives.
Sec. -1 /><? it further cnactcd, That the claimant or
claimants who may present bis claim undei this act shall in
every case make out an account against the United States,
containing the items ot' tucli d,images and lo>sr>>, tog  thcr
with a statement ot the cueum-tance- attending the frame,
and names of the officers who commanded the noops by
whom the damages or lu -es were occasioned, the time
when, aa near as may be, ami place where, such looses and
damages were sustained, which account shall be verified
by the oath of the claimant to the effect that the account
pieicnted by him or her to <-aid commissioner for ndjudi-
cation is accurately stated ; and that the ptio chained are
u-ual, eu-tomary, and reasonable; and ih.it the amount
claimed is justly dueafiei allowing all ju.-t cicdiH and set-
off*; that neither the whole noi any pait of said claim ha-
been aligned or traiisteried except as iheiem stated ; and
that he, she, or they have actually su-tamed the damages
chaiged in said account as having been done to his, her, or
their property by the troops of the United States over and
above the value or tiie portions of said piopertj winch rc
niatned after tt-destruction; that the same ha- not been
sustained bv reason of any fiaud, eonntvanee. colln-ion, or
procurement of the -aid claimant, or any other peison or
persons m his, hoi, or thou behalf; and"that nopawm-nt
has been received by the claimant, or any per-on lor lnm,
for any patt of said claim ; and that lie has not given any
receiptor voucher by winch any officer of the United State's
or other per-on has leeetvt d or can receive a credit therefor
from the United States,and that heor she ha? alvvaj* been
true ami faithtul m In* or her allegiance to the Government
of the United States, and lias in no way engaged m o: en-
crm>;«gfd the present i,"b< Won, or given or comfort
thereto. Said claimant or claimants shall al-o exhibit and
prove to said commis-ioners hi-, le-r, or their title to the
pioperty, and the extent of then share or mteicst therein;
and alto furni-h tncni witii the name^ of ail other p"r-on-
who have any shate oi interest m said pioperty, and their
residence, as far as may be. Jieioie presenting said chums
to said commissionet-, the party or parties making the same
shall publish m such public new-paper as shall be desig-
nated by the commissioners, publbned in or near the county
i  WhiCD ije, she, or they reside, once in each week foriour
o&odticutive wevics, a notice containing a statement of the
amount, particular?, and grounds of said claim, and that the
same will be pre-ented to the commissioners of claims un-
der thi- act foi adjudication, which notice shall state under
who-eauihoriu the piopoit\ tor which a claim Is made was
taken, damaged, lost, oj dc-tiojed, and the names and ies-
idence of all p;r-ons intended to be offeied as witne-scsiu
the case. Due p:oof of said publication shall accompany
any account or chum pie&ented to oaid commissioners undei
this act.
Skc. 5. ^nd heit further enacted. That said solicitor of
claim-shall repre-ent the Government ol the United States,
and attend tiie examination of parties and witnesses in re-
ku.oi. to any claim wh'ch may be pending belore said com-
missioner-;, piepire tnteriogatoiies and crosi-intcrrogato-
rtes, and supenntend the taking of testimony, and lender
sueh other services a^ may bo required of him from time to
time by ^aal commissioner.
Sec. 6. Jind be it fat thcr enacted, That any person who
shall corruptly piacuce, or attempt to practice, any fraud
asaiiut the United States in the statement or pioof of any
claim, or a<iy part of any claim against the United Stales
under this act sdiall forleit the s;une to ihe Government;
and it shall be the duty of said c<>mmi->-iouer9, in such
cases, to make a special report of the tacts and fiaud which
was practiced, oi attempted tu be practiced, to the Secie-
tary of War; and in case be shall uppiove and concur in
t-aid report, tiie claimant shall be loievcr bailed from pios-
ecutmg sasd claim.
Sec, 7. Jlnd be \t further cnacted, That said commission-
er shall have powerto is-uo subpemis to requuo the at-
tend.ince ot witnesses lor examination before said com-
missioners, which subpenas shall have the same force as
ifjs-ued by a distiict court of the United States, and com-
pliance therewith may be compelled under such lilies and
outer-as said commissioner shall pie-cribe; and for the
put pose of compelling the attendance ot sueh witnesses,
and taking then test.niony, sam commissioners shall have
till the power of -aid disincl eomt.
Skc. 8 ~3nd fee it further enacted, That said commission-
er- shall adopt such iuhs and regulations ioi carrying thi-3
act into execution a- the President ot the United Stated
rhall approve, and publi-h the same for eight weeks suc-
cessively, in the newspapeis in the several States and Ter-
uioues in which the laws of the United States are pub-
lished.
Sec 9. Jlnd heitfinthci enacted, That said commission-
ers shall have povu-i to hold their ses-ions at such times
and place3 in the United States as they -hall deem pioper
and conducive to the public inteiest and convenience of
claimants. They may also, in then disci etiou, make a per-
sonal examination ofauv fai in. plantation, hiuidincr,or ptop-
eitv in lelation to which any chum tor looses or damages
•-hall have been piesonted They shall also have powerto
examine on oath any claimant, and all othei pcisons. in ie-
lation to Situ! chum, who have am knowledge theicoi; and
shall eau-e the tosi .nionv so taken to he t educed to wi ihng
I stud signed by the person taking the same; and shall leiurn
j -aid testimony, \\ uh their jjioi ecdint'^, findmu-. and opm-
I ions in wilting in lelation to s,uil claims, to the f^ccretaiy
I of War; and it shall be his duty to lay the same beloie the
j Couurcas of the IJiufed f>iafes at Hie eommencement of
| eveiy-Ofcsioii thereof, to the end that sueh piovi-ion may
be made for the relief of ihe claimants a  shall be deemed
j ju-t and pioper.
• Sec. In. ,/fnd bcit further cnactcd, That said eotnmi*-
i sinners «.hall not take cognizance of any claim again-t the
United St.ites lor thelo-s, value, or sei v iccs of ait \ slave oi
pet son of color, not for damage- or los-e- .insmg fi om in- or
lier c-cape, enptuic, or detention : nor-hall any pei-on \\ ho
has m any lnauner favoied or supported a M'ces-ion oidi-
n.ince in anv State, or ha- encaged, oi sli.ill tit any time en-
gage. m the pic-eiit rrb<Mlio'i .igain-<t the Covet nm«'nt of the
United States, or been at an} time ho-tile to ■-ueh Cloveru-
ment, or given aid and eom'on to those engaged in said ic-
beihon, derive any bcivTil unde) tin- aet. And it -hall be
the duty of-aid comrm—ion rs to mepuie into and take
tefetinioiiv as to the loyaltv oi"tho-e who may present their
claims undei tin- act; and also a* to whether the said pei-
son- m any m.tnnei hivoied oi suppoited ■  secession <.idi-
nance in any State, or in anv mamu'i nuppoited or favoied
lebellion agamstj or resistance to, the laws of the United
States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The original
bill, and the amendment in the form of a substi-
tute, are both open to amendment with ti view to
perfection, before the question on substitution
&hall be taken.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call the attention of
Senators to this bill. It has been f< It ti difficult
and delicate task to prepare any bill for the set-
tlement of these claims. It will be a difficult mat- :
ter m any event, whenever they Khali be settled.
Some Senators have supposed that they bad better :
remain and be settled at the close of the war.
Oi her Senators have supposed wo had better be- j
<rm now to gather up the testimony of the claims
with a view to action by and by, and the bill
now presented by the select committee goes upon
that gioutid. It is a bill merely to authorize the
appointment of commissions who shall examine
the testimony in regard to certain claims and re-
port it to Congress. It is not for any final action
beyond the gathering of testimony. Jt is exceed'
inglv important that this testimony be gathered
up at the time it is fresh i.i the minds of the wit-
negses;and the bill provides that beforeany person
shall present bis claim he shall advertise a state-
ment of the claim in the neighborhood where it
exists, or in such papets as the commissioners
may-order, so that the public attention may be
called to it, and so that persons having" a knowl-
edge of that claim may appearand givu such evi-
dence, if they choose, as is desirable in regard to it*
The first section provides for the appointment
of throe commissioners, whose duty it shall-be to
take this testimony, and a solicitor who is to aid
them. The second section provides for aeleik
and a marshal. The bill fixes the salaries of these
officers, who, before taking upon ihemselves-th^
discharge of their duties, are to take oath-of
allegiance «m<t to faithfully do-their duty. Tire
third section provides for tln examination of cer 
tain claims, and only certain claims. In the first
place, it provides that the commissioners may take
testimony upon any claim presented " by any pur-
son who, dining the present rebellion, has sus~
tained or may sustain damages by the loss or in-
jury of any property whieirhua been or may be
taken by public authority for the use and occu-
pation of our Army." i have heard it sngsjested
that we cannot pay for claims of that kind, that
we cannot pretend to pay for damage done to
property in that way. One tiling is certain, that
unless we do pay we shall have continual claim
made for damages of this kind. Letters are reach-
ing the Committees on Claims of the two Houses
by scores and by hundreds, asking for an exam-
ination of individual claim's and classes of claims.
It occurred to the select committee who reported
this biil, and we supposed that was the object of
the Senate in referring the matter to the commit-
tee, that it m i^htbe better to provide some tribu-
nal that should examine these various claims.
The third section also provides fot the examina-
tion of u all claims for services rendered,or prop*
city sold io, or taken or hnpiessed by public au-
thority for the use or subsistence of the Army of
the United States;" also " claims for damages by
the destruction or injury of any house or building
while the same was occupied as a place of mili-
tary deposit for military or naval stores, or by the
military forces of the United States, under theau-
thoriiy of an officer oi agent of the United States;"
and iilso " ail claims for losses or damages sus-
tained during said rebellion by any person in con-
sequence of the. destruction of his or her real or
personal property by the troops in the service of
thi; United States by order of the commandant of
the corps by whom the same was occupied, taken,
or destroyed." Then there is a proviso that all
claims arising under this act must be presented
within three years fiom the time that they occur,
or fiom the time of the passage of the act; and
the committee deem this an important feature of
the act. It is proposed to have a tribunal estab-
lished at once, before whom these parties shall go
while (he witnesses are alive and the test imony is
fiosh and can be had,and make their claim; and
if they fail to do it after a given time, then the
chums arc to be forever banvd.
it is familiar to those acquainted with claims
that have come before Congress for the last thirty
or foi ty yeais, that a great many of them have
arisen out of the war of J8J2. W« lmve had
claims presented at this session of Congress aris-
ing out of tiie war of 1812, and asking for the
allowance of damages. It is very desirable that
if ever these claims are to be settled Congress
should turn its attention to them early, while, as
I say, the testimony is fresh, while there is less
danger of mistake or fiaud orperjtny,and estab-
lish byo competent tribunal the testimony in the
case; and that is all this bill attempts to do, to
take the testimony.
It provides in the fourth section that any claim-
ant who may present his claim under this actshall
in every case make ont his account with particu-
larity against the United States, stating the cir*
curustances attending the same, by whom the
damages and losses were occasioned, the time
when and the place where, &c., as near as he can,
and that the price charged was customary, so far
as there was any price to be affixed to any prop-
erty taken. U further provides that the persons
shall state under oath that they have actually sus-
tained the actual damage, that there is no set-off
to the same, that the same was not by any fraud,
and nl.so take the oath of allegiance and declare
that he or she has not in any way encouraged or
supported the icbelhon. It also provides that
before presenting the claims to the comimssioo-
ers the party or purties 44 shall publish in such
public newspaper as shall be designated by the
commissiontis, published in or near ihe county
in which he, eUe, or they reside, once in each
