i(m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February lb,
week for four conseeutivc weeks, a notice con-
lainingn statement of the amount, particulars, and
grounds of said claim, and that the same will be
presented to the commissioners of claims under
this act;" so that the public attention may be called
to a claim which any person has and is about to
present to the commissioners, that if there be any
evidence to offer by any person who knows any-
thing in regard to it, lie shall have an opportunity
of coming, forward and having his testimony
_ taken.
The great difficulty in examining claims here
has been that they have been presented on ex parte
testimony. The party presenting the claim looks
up and produces such testimony as he can find
suiting his claim; he then presents his case to
Congress, without anything being known about
it until it is presented here, and then it is scarcely
known outside of the Chamber. It goes quietly
to the committee, is examined on that ex parte
testimony, and a report made thereon. This bill
provides that the testimony shall be taken more
publicly, and after publication in the papers that
the party is about to present his claim, and giving
notice to anybody having an interest in it that he
may appearand give such testimony as may be
pertinent to the case.
The fifth section provides that the solicitor shall
appearupon the part of the United States; and that
the committee regard as an important feature, so
that the United States shall be represented in a
transaction of this kind. The solicitor for the Uni-
ted States can produce countcr testimony, put
cross-interrogatories, and prepare the case so (hat
the Government side of the case, so to speak,
should be presented, und the case not be tried on
one side.
The sixth section provides that if any person
shall practice any fraud or attempt to practice any
fraud, and it shall become known, the claim in
which the fraud arises shall be forever barred. I
do not know how true it may be, but I have in-
formation which is entitled to credit, i think, and
which is deserving of consideration, that while the
troops were occupying, last year, the land over
on the other sidf of ihe Potomac, settlements were
made by our officers; and some of those officers
gave receipts for property nt treble, quadruple,
and quintuple the value of the property actually
taken.
Mr. GRIMES. We are not compelled to pay
them.
Mr. CLARK. We are not compelled to pay
them, as the Senator from Iowa suggests; but sup-
pose we let those receipts sleep for ten, twelve, 01-
fifieen years; then the pie-sumption may be, aside
from the length of time they have lain, that tliey
ar.; good ami valid. If you have a tribunal now
which will examine testimony, you may have the
menus of showing that these receipts are fraud-
ulent; you may have the means of knowing, if
they were given for a very large sum, that the
Government did not take half the property, or it
was not of one particle of value compaied with
the receipt given. While the witnesses are alive
that testimony may be had. The object is to se-
cure the testimony while it is fresh, so that the
Government may know what has been done.
The seventh section provides that the commis-
sioners shall havo power tn issue subpenas, &c.,
to compel the attendance of witnesses; and they
may also examine parties; they may examine the
property, they maygoupona farm and see it,&c.
Some Senators have supposed that one commis-
sion of three cannot do tins amount of work, and
that there ought to be a commission in each .State
to look up the claims in that State; but I think it
is sufficient, if we have a tribunal here, ora tribu-
nal somewhere to which the people may apply,
that they should know that there is a tribunal es-
tablished which will take notice of their claims,
and we ought not to go further than the bill con-
templates in that direction.
The ninth section provides that the commission
shall return their proceedings with their findings
and opinions 111 writing to the Secretary of" War,
and he is to lay them before Congress. The only
objection i see to that is that this festunony may
hi; voluminous; but it should be pi oserved some-
where. The task may be a difficult one; it may I
be a herculean one; but I think I can assure Sen-
ators that it Will not he any less by delay. Let
us begin to collect thi< tpstimony. I do not know
that it will bo wise to begin to pay nt all until we
get through with the war. In my judgment it is
not. 1 think I would get through with the war,
if it ends in any reasonable time, before paying
anything. Then, after these claims have been
presented and the testimony taken, and there shall
bo a basis furnished on which Congress can pro-
ceed,let them establish the rule on which they will
proceed and determine on what principle they will
go, and what claims they will pay and whatclaims
they will reject. 1 do not know that I am prepared
to say myself, though I have given the matter
some thought, what class of claims ought to be
paid. I am certain in my judgment that we have
got to pay some of these claims, but to what ex-
tent I do not know. 1 think it will not do to say
at once that we will not pay any of them. It will,
perhaps, be well, before we say that we will not
pay any, or before we say that we will pay a part
or the whole, to examine the claims, to classify
them if we can, and see what ought to be done.
That is the object of the bill.
It is further provided in the tenth section that
the commissioners shall not take any cognizance
of any claim agauistthe United Statesfor the loss
of the value or services of any slave or person of
color; nor of any claim for damage or loss arising
from his or her escape, captuie, 01 detention; nor
shall any person who has in any way favored or
supported a secession ordinance be allowed to pre-
sent a claim.
I think I have stated now the purview of the
bill, and the aim and object of the committee. I
desire to call the attention of Senators to it. 1 do
not desire to press the passage of the bill hastily.
I want Senators to give it their serious attention
if they will, because I do not think this is a ques-
tion which should depend on the judgment of any
one man, or any set of men, or any committee,
but I think it is a matter to which we should all
give our grave and earnest attention. i
Mr. HOWARD. I have not been able to give j
this bill a perusal; but I desiie to know what j
power is contemplated to be given to this board j
of commissioners in regard to their final action on :
any claim. Is there to be any final action on the
part of the commissioners?
Mr. CLARK. There is to be no final action on
the part of the commissioners, as I endeavored to
state. They are simply to take the testimony
and report it. The Senator will find in the ninth
section that the commission *4 shall return said
testimony, with their proceedings, findings, and ;
opinions in writing in relation to said claims to ;
the Secretary of War, and it shall be his duty to
lay the same before the Congiess of the United
States at the commencement of every session
thereof; to the end that such provision may be
made for the relief of the claimants as shall be
deemed just and proper;" that is, by Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. Pe rmit me to ask what
are their "proceedings?" What proceedings arc
they to take ?
Mr. CLARK. They arc to take testimony.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not their " pro-
ceedings." The bill speaks of " proceedings."
What are their " proceedings" to be?
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that 1 under- i
stand the Senator. j
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 suppose they are to ad- j
judge on the claims m some way. !
Mr. CLARK. Notatall. Tlicy may adjudge i
on the questions arising under the testimony. j
Mr. COLLAMER. Give their opinions on the i
testimony? j
Mr. CLARK. They may return their opin- j
ions and findings m writing. The language of the i
bill is " proceedings, findings, and opinions." j
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they are to form '
opinions. j
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest that the language 1
seems to carry a somewhat different idea from ,
that which the Senator from New Hampshire 1
states. The provision is that the Commissioners !
" shall also have power to examine on oath any !
claimant, and all other persons in relation to said '
claims, who have any knowledge thereof; and ;
shall cause the testimony so taken to be reduced j
to writing and signed by the person taking the :
same." Tiiat is a very simple proceeding, and a :
very useful one, doubtless; but it proceeds to say j
that they shall icturn said testimony, with their j
proceedings, findings, and opinions in writing in j
relation to said claims." Is there not a strong .
indication that it wiil he their diyty to pass their |l
judgment upon the validity and justice of the
claims themselves, and thus prejudge the action
of Congress? I merely throw out that sugges-
tion.
Mr. CLARK. It was not the intention that
they should form any judgment upon it, or come
to any decisive conclusion. Of course they may
express an opinion. Here is a powergiven in the
bill to this commission to go upon property, if
they choose, and make an examination of prop-
erty; of course they would report how they found
the property, and what, in their judgment, was
the loss, &e. They may report a statement, per-
haps, in regard to it. The design of the commit-
tee mainly is to furnish a tribunal which shall
be a safe-guard to the Government as well as to
the claimants, so that the claims shall be properly
presented, and not come here in the loose way
they ordinarily come—something like what is
now had with the Court of Claims on questions
arising in assumpsit., contract, which 1 have found
to be very useful, indeed, in the examination of a
claim. It affords a great deal of assistance in ex-
amining a claim if you know that the testimony
has been taken on both sides and with care.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to lay this
bill informally aside to take up another. I un-
derstand that the Senator from New Hampshire
does not propose final action on it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 was going to make a
motion to lay itasulewhen the Senator from New
Hampshire gets through.
Mr. CLARK. I do not care about the bill be-
! ing laid aside informally. I do notdesire to press
| a bill like this through at once. I do not myself
like taking the responsibility of it. 1 desire that
Senators should have an opportunity of looking
at it. It has been laid upon our tables for some
days, but I <lnre say the attention of very few
Senators has been called to it. I have, perhaps,
subserved my purpose, and all the purpose I wish
to subserve now, by calling the attention of the
Senate to it, and they can give their thoughts to if,
| and at some other hour or day I shall call it up
again, when, perhaps, we shall have less difficulty
than if we attempt to pass it now. The Senator
from Maine desires to call up the fortification bill,
which I suppose is a national matter. I am ready
to give way to him or any other member. I
move that this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire will give me his ear for a mo-
ment, I wish to suggest to him that this bill be
made the special order for Saturday.
Mr. CLARK. I do not wish to ask that it be
made a special order, because if it meets the ap-
probation of the Senate, Senators will aid us to
take it up, and if it does not meet the approbation
of the Senate we shall not accomplish anything
by making it the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
bill No. 2G7, which was tip yesterday, when there
was some discussion, but it was not quite fin-
ished. 1 think it will not take long. It is the bill
to divide the State of Michigan into two judicial
districts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot very well con-
sent to that without doing injustice between gen-
tlemen. The Senator from Kansas has been ap-
! pealing to me. I should prefer taking up the
j fortification bill.
j Mr. HOWARD. I am quite aware of the ne-
| cessity of taking up that bill, but still I do not
i think this bill wiii occupy much time.
j The PRESI DENTpro tempore. The question
. is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I am obliged tu stand in
the way of my friend from Michigan, and I must
I ask the Senate to vote down his motion and take
! up the fortification bill.
! The motion of Mr. Howard was not agreed to.
| FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATIONS.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
' fortification bill.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 707) making appiopi imions for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifi-
cations and other woiks of defentfe for the year
