100
THE CONGRESSIONAL, &LOBE..
December 17,
corporation of the city of Washington, praying
for the immediate construction of at least two other
railroads.loading out of Washington, one to the
Chesapeake bay, and one to Hagerstown by way
of the Point of Rocks, with forts at such distances
along their lines as to protect them from destruc-
tion. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and that it be
printed, as it relates to a mutter of some import-
ance.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and the mo-
tion to print was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. POMEROY also presented the petition of
Frances H. Piummer, widow of Joseph B. Plum-
mer, praying for an additional pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented five petitions from
citizens of Philadephia, for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have had placed in my
hands, and been requested to present, certain let-
ters of the Lake Superior Indian agency, in relation
to a claim against the Government for the use of
the steamer Seneca from the loth of September
to the 12th of October, inclusive—a steamer which
was detained for the use of the Government on
Lake Superior, in consequence of an apprehended
outbreak of the Indians in that neighborhood. I
am somewhat at a loss whether it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs or to
the Committee on Claims, but I think that perhaps
it should go to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RICE. I think my friend is mistaken in
regard to that. The vessel was employed by a
Government officer in the Indian department, and
the claim has met with the sanction of the Inte-
rior Department. It is a legitimate claim, and I
think the papers should go to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well, sir. Letthem
go to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The papers were so referred.
HE POUTS FliOM COMMITTEES.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the hill (S. No. 419) to im-
prove the organization of the cavalry forces, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S. No. 420) to facilitate the discharge of dis-
abled soldiers from the Army, and the inspection
of convalescent camps and hospitals; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee^'on Military
Affairs and the Militia, who were instructed by a
resolution of the Senate, of the 10th instant, to in-
quire into the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 4*il)
to forfeit the pay of absent officers of the Army,
and for other pui poses; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
REPORT ON INDIAN' AFFAIRS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution of the Senate,
of the 16th instant, to print one thousand additional
copies of the report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs for the use of the Commissioner, have
instructed me to report it back withouLainendment,
and recommend its passag'-, I ohk for its present
consideration.
The resolution was considered, and adopted.
SOLDIERS AT THE DELAWARE ELECTION.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As one of the represent-
atives of the sovereignty of my Suae upon this
floor, I offer the following lesoiutioi':
Jiesoli cd, That the Seerotary of War be, aiui «« here-
by. dueeted Hi intorm the Senate whether armed soldiers
were sent into the Statr  of Delaware, to be present at the
polls on the 4th day o! November j:«t, the day ot t;ie iren-
election u, nam State; and U so. by wh-^e ordejy, upon
who^e application, the mve^uy, if' ;my, for their bt-iiigr
fo frtjit, lor w hat puipoxe they \veie ^eiit', to w hat
hy nauif Tiicy were sent, how many were s *nl, now umi:v
to each ot such place--, the nnrneMn'the re^tim-uN *>r eom'-
paoicrf bonij the names of the otliceis commanding sueh
regiments and companies; and whetuorany, ami it =>>>, ho*v
nianv piovn-t marshals were or have been' appointed, and
at what | }aeer\ in e-airt State, with their narne<, the neees-
fcilv. e!" anVjtur then appointment, and 'he poweis cont'd red
upon tbwii; and thai h<- eonmiumeate to the Senate ali pa-
pers ami ordet> in his Depatrment relating to the sending
ot s.urh -.oldu-r^ into said State.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let ihecon-
; sideration of that resolution go over until to-mor-
row.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwilllieover under
the rule.
CONDITIONS OF RELEASE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Sseretajy of War be directed to in-
form the Senate if citizen?!, attested by ins authority or hy
those acting under his authority, have' not been required,
before they could obtain then release from imprisonment,
to take a« oath, or give an obligation, that they would not
sue or bring an action for damages against those who had
arretted or caused them to be arrested.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwilllieover under
the rule. „
REFERENCE OF A MESSAGE.
! Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the message of the President of the United States,
placing at the disposal of Congress three swords,
formerly the property of General David E.Twiggs,
captured by General Benjamin F. Butler in New
Orleans, be taken from the table and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous consent
"obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 422) for
the relief of the heirs of Almond D. Fisk, de-
ceased; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. NESMITH asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
423) to establish a branch mint of the United
States at Portland, Oregon; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abill(S. No.
424) to amend the act entitled "An act to estab-
lish and equalize the grades of line officers of the
United States Navy," approved July 16, 1862;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con- !
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
425) for the relief of Juan Miranda and others;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
426) allowing s^t-off in certain cases in favor of
loyal citizens of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to state that if I had
been in my seat yesterday—I was temporarily
called out—I would have voted against laying the
resolution of the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] on the table.
DELAWARE HOME GUARDS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he Is hereby,
directed to inform the Senate whether he has authorized
the military organization of "home guards" in the StatPof
Deluwaie; and, il =o,l'or what purpose and by what author-
ity of law, and the necessity for such organizations in that
State; whether lie has undertaken to exempt from liability
to be dialled persons who shall become membeis of such
home guards, and, it so, by what authority of law; whether
he has promised pecuniary compensation to Mich persons,
as an inducement to join such home guards, and, if so, by
what authority of law; and whether such persons have been
assured by his authority that they shall not be required to
leave said State m the military defense of the country; and
that he communicate to the Senate all orders and papers
in his Department relating to the said militaiy organizations
m the State of Dtdawaie.
Mr. SUMNER, Let n lie over.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over under
the rule.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etijekidoe, its Clerk, announced that the
House had pa^ed the bill of the Senate (No. 407j
to fix the terms of the circuit court in the district :
of Wisconsin.
The message also announced that the House ;
had insisted upon its amendment to the amend-,!
mentof the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 581) con-
cerning judgments in certain sails bronght by the
United States, disagreed to by the Senate, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mi\Tiiaddeus
Stevens, of Pennsylvania, Mr. B. F. Thomas,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. C. L. L. Leary, of
Maryland, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a bill (No. Gil) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1864, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the resolution of the Senate in-
structing the joint committee appointed at the last
session to inquire into the conduct of the war to
make repoit to the Senate and House with all con-
venient speed.
NAVY DEPARTMENT APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 598) to
adjust appropriations heretofore made for the civil
service of the Navy Department to the present
organization of that Department, have instructed
me to report it back, with a lecomrnendalion that
it pass; and as it is a bill that makes no appropria-
tions, but simply makes the appropriations here-
tofore made conform to the new arrangement, I
wish to jiave it put on its passage at the present
time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to trans-
fer the amounts heretofore appropriated for the
pay of chiefs of bureaus, clerks, messengers, and
laborers connected with the Navy Department, so
that they will conespond with the present organ-
ization and pay as authorized by the act of Con-
gress of July 5, 1862, namely: For the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, $10,643; for the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, £3,874: for the Bu-
reau of Navigation, $3,057; for the Bureau of Ord-
nance, $6,954; for the Bureau of Construction and
Repair, $9,534; for the Bureau of Steam Engi-
neering, $4,234; for the Bureau of Provisions ami
Clothing, $5,858; for the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery, $5,800. All remaining balances are to
attach to the office of the Secretary of the Navy,
and may be expended by him for such clerical ser-
vices as he shall judge the interest of the Depart-
ment requires. The sum of §1,000, heretofore
appropriated for the contingent expenses of the
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repair,
is to be transferred to the Bureau of Steam Engi-
neering, and the sum of §1,000 to the Bureau of
Equipmentand Recruiting; and the sum of£1,000,
heretofore appropriated for the contingent ex-
penses of the Bureau of Ordnance, is to be trans-
ferred to the Bureau of Navigation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the business of the
morning hour is-finished, 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
592, which was reported by me yesterday from
the Committee on Finance, with amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
jn Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 532) to amend on act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and to pay interest on the
public debt,'' approved July 1, 1862.
The first section of the biil proposes to em-
power the assessors, assistant assessors, collectors,
and deputy collectors, appointed under the pro-
visions of the internal revenue act, to administer
oaths or affirmations in ail cases where they aie
or may be required by that act or subsequent acts
in relation to it, without chargingany fee therefor.
The second section is intended to authorise the
Commissioner oflnternal Revenue to furnish and
supply the Assistant Treasurers or collectors of
the United States at San Francisco, Cafifoinia,
and Portland, Oregon, with adhesive stamps, or
stamped paper, vellum, or parchment, according
to the provisions of the internal revenue laws,
under such regulations and conditions as he may
fiomtime to time prescribe, and without requiting
payment in advance therefor.
