1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ending 30lh (if June, 1864, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 wish to offer an amend-
ment. 1 do not know precisely where it should
comc in, not having rhe bill before me, but the Sec-
retary can find the proper place for it:
For the erection of forts on the western holders of the
State of Minnesota, to bo expended under the dnection of
the Secretary of War, $':i(H),0U0.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if that
is recommended by the War Department ?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come from any
committee ?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order under the rule of the Senate.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not desire to call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of this bill; but I do
not intend to vote for it, and I merely wish to state
one reason why I shall not. I think it has born
pretty well demonstrated during the last twelve
months that these fortifications, in the present con-
dition of maritime wai fare, are of very little value.
I think New Orleans has sufficiently demonstrated
that, and several other actions have confirmed this
belief of mine; and hence I am under the impres-
sion, as at present advised, that the continuance of
these old fortifications upon the plans upon which
they were originally piojected, will be virtually
throwing money away. Entertaining that opinion,
I am constrained to vote against the hid, not for
the reason that I am not willing and anxious to de-
fend every haibor on the Atlantic coast. I think,
as a Representative of the United States, from the
State of fowa, I am compelled to do so; but f do
notbelieve Uiat the methods that have been adopted
are those best calculated to promote that end; and
entertaining this opinion, I am coustuimed to vote
against the passage of the bill.
The bill was p.issed.
RAILROADS IN KAXSA8.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of considering Sen-
ate bill No. 435, which was reported fiom the select
committee on the Pacific railroad.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (8. No.
435) to promote the construction of railroads and
telegraphs in the State of Kansas, and for other
purposes, was considered as m Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It will not be neces-
sary to read the original bill, the amendment pro-
posed by the committee being a substitute for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken unless the reading of the original bill
be demanded. The committee propose to stuke
out all aflci the enacting clause, and to insert what
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That theie br and w heu>hy sianted to llie ,<tnte of Kan-
sas. lor the pui po-e of aiding in the con>t taction o? a i aihoad
and telosriaph limn the town ot Lawt-'iice, in -.ud Mate, in
the, dneelion ot Galveston hay, via and Ohio
City cio^msr of the O-.ijjo nvei. to tlx; Mmihern bound.irj
thereof, with a hi .inch diverging tioin some convenient
pomi on said iod'1. not nunc than tlurt} s-outii ol th<-
Kansas nvei, to b.- !j\ed hv the State ot Kan-ie*, in tho di-
rection ot Sanu IY-, in .V< w Mexico h\ tie' va!!e\ <>| the
Cottonwood rivet, to Hie we-r.-m boundaiv of the State
of K(in<a-s. with a biaieii liom Top< ka, cnti-nng the Xeo
j>ho valley at the mo-t piaetKMl point, and e\tcndm<r down
said valley to the point oi int'-i-ection oi ^aid \11'• v bj
the said Galveston io.td,<'\ei\ .ilteuuite mi nun of laud,
dt'sicinated m'd iiunibeis, tor ten sections in width on
each side of <aid load and each of u> biuiiehej.. But in
case it shall appeal that the Crated Male* have, when the
lines oi.ioiuc -> olVaid ioid and Inanchi die derinifoh lived,
sob! any section or any part theM'of, ^i.itif'd as a'oiesaid,
or that the injht ol pieetnpnon oi homestead settlement ha-
attaciied to the -ame, or that The nam" ha> been ic-uv- d
hy the I'm ted State- toi am pui po-e wharevei, then it >uali
be the duty of the Seeretaiv of the inteiioi to eau-e to be
selected, foi the purpose- a'ote-nul, tiom ttie land- oi the
United States no ii''-t to tie! -- of t-rjctioti^ aiinvc --r> 'CifWl,
so much land, in alternate -eotious oi paiN ot section-;. des-
ignated by odd iiumbeis, a- shall ho equal t<i Mich l.uid- a-
the United Mate- have -old, te-et\eil. oi oiheiwi-e anpio-
priated, oi )o win eh the j iu;hf- n<" pre< nipt ion or home- tead
settlements have attached a- atoi e-aid ; which land-, thin
indicated hy odd numbers and -elect'd by dnection of the
Secretary or' the inicriot a;- afoie^aid, ?hall be iield by the
State ol Kansas for the use and purpose aforesaid . Pro- .
tided. That the laud to he s-o selected shall in no case be
located fin ther than twenty mile?, from the hues of said toad
and branches: Provided further* That the lands hereby
panted tor and on account of said road and bianclies sev-
eral!) , r-hall be exclusively applied m the construction of
the same, and tor no other puipo-c whatever, and hball be
di-po>ed of only as the work piogresbes through the same,
in this act hereinafter provided : Jlnd piomdcdfuither,
That am and all lawK hetetofore reserved to the United
States In any act, of Congress, or in any other manner hy
competent aiithotity, lor the pui pose of aiding m any object
ot internal improvement,or for any other purpose whatso-
ever, be, and the same aie hereby, reserved to the United
States fiom the operation* ot this act, except so far a* it
may be found ncee^aiy to locate the routes of said road
and bianches thionah such reserved lands ; in which case
the light oi way only s>hali he granted, subject to the ap-
pioval of the Pi evident of the United States.
St<j. '2 Jind he it fuilhci enuUcd, Thai the section* and
paits of <ection« ot land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States, within ten miles on each side of said
road and branches, shall not be sold loi less than double the
minimum puce of the public lands when sold ; nor shall
any ot said land-? become subject to sale at pjivate entiy
until the same shall have been fir-toffcted at public sale to
the highest bnidei, at oi above the inctea-ed minimum price,
a-, ulorcsaid • Prodded, That actual and bona fide settlers,
under the provisions of the preemption and hoines.eadlaws
ot the United State*, may, aftei due proot of settlement,
impiovemcnt, cultivation, and occupation, as now provided
hv law, puicharie the sune at the minimum price aforesaid:
dnd provided, also, That hculei"? on any of said revived
sections, undei the pro\ won& of the homestead law, who
linpiove, occupy, and cultivate the tame for a period of five
years, and comply with ther-eveial conditions andrequire-
iiients ot said act, shall be entitled to patents tor an amount
nut exceeding eighty aeies ouch, anj thing in tins act to the
eoiiticii\ notwithstanding.
Sfc. y. And he it ftniho cnactc<L That the ^aid lands here-
by gianted to s,aid State '•hall tic subject to the disposal of
the J.cgi-latiue thereof, lar the pmposes alore-aid, and no
other; and the said laihoad and btauches shall be and re-
main public highways., for the u&e of tlie Govoinment of
tlie Cmted State.-, fice fiom all toll or other chaigo upon
the tiansportation of any piopeity oi Hoops of the United
States.
Si:c. 4. Jlndhc ii furihn cnactvd, That the lamh hereby
gianted to taid State thnll be disposed of said State only
in niiumet following, that is to say : when the Govenioi of
<aid State shall ceitify to the Secretary ot the rntenoi that
anj tweutv c*.)iisf cntive mile-! of tanl load or hitinches is
completed m a good, siiljst.ini lal, and woi kman tike manner,
a< a fn.-t elas- iailio:ul, and the s-aiti Secretaiy shall be
sati.-(ie(i tiiat said State ha* complied in good laithwith this
leqnneiiioiit, the -aid State may cau^e to he sold all the
laiuK gianted as afoiesuid situated opposite to and within a
limit ot ten miles of tlx line of said section oi road thus
cnuipiehd. extending along the whole length oftaid com-
pleted -eetion oi'twentv nut''- of mad, ami no fiutlicr. And
when the (iovonoi of said State shall ceiuty to theSecre-
t.uy ot the Inteuoi- and the Seciei.uy -hall be -atisfie<l, that
another tecliou oi -«ud io.nl or blanches, twenty con-ecu-
five mite- in extent, connecting wuti tlie picceding sec-
tion. is completed a- afore-aid. the said State may cause to
In- -"Id .(•ill.- lamb Si.> nted and situated opposite to and
witii!m the hunt ot ten nub-- oi the hue of said completed
section of mad, and extending the length of t-aid section,
ami mi. li om time to time, until said toad and bianch''- aie
completed. Ami wlu'n the (ioveruoi ot said Slate shall so
ceitiiv, and the Secietaiy ot the Intenor .shall be satisfied,
that the w hole ot said load and bianchev and telogiaph are
completed in a good, suMantial, and wotiananhke man-
iu'i,;is;i fn-t-cla^ nultoad and telegiaph, the said State
may cau*e to bo sold all the leinauunc lands gianted and
-elected foi the pm po-es indicated in this .ictsituated w ith-
m die said limit-, ol tvventj mih:^ fiom the line thereof
thronirhout tin- ontne length of said road and blanches:
Provided. That ifany pan ot said road and bunches.is not
completed wtiliin ten yeai- liom the pa-sagcot this act, no
lurthci -ale -.hall in; made, and the lands unsold bhail revert
to the United staH'-
Sic.Ti. rfnd he d fdithc, enacted, That the United States
mad shall be nan-poKed ovci -aid load and blanches, nn-
<lei the dnection ot the I'o-t Office Departmental such
piiee as Coiiloc-- ma\ h\ la>v<inect: Provided, Thai until
such pi km- l- nxed hj law tin Po&una&tci General shall iiave
the power to determine the -ame.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have other amend-
ments which I hdto the consent of the committee
to report. Shall I oder them now?
The PRIlSJ DENT pio tempore. It is.proper to
oflvr them now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquiie of the Senator
whether the omendnients he nowofl'ers havebeen
orrsen'od to the committee?
Mi . LANG, of ICan&nss. Yes, sir.
'Mi. COLLAMER. Why wuic they not put
m with that which has just been read?
Mr LANE, of Kansaw. The committee in-
structed as to the first amendment, and gave their
consent for mo to report this from the committee.
They instructed as to the amendment just lead,
but gave their assent to this.
Mr.COLLAMER. Why did they notputit in? '
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am very desirous to |
offer these amendments; they are not the act of j
the committee, except so far as to consent that I ;
should otFer th«"*m. j
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand the Sen- j
ator alight, then tluy are amendments which he
offered to tlie committee and they rejected them, .
but told him he misrht offer them here. !
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They gave their con-
sent.
Mr. COLLAMER, The Senator might offer,
them without their consent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But I got their con-
sent.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand their consent
is that they be offered, not acccpteci.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the Senator to offer an amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Ivansas. I offer these amend-
ments with the consent of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With or with-
out the consent of the committee the Senator can
offer an amendment. Tlie amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jind he it further enacted, That there be, and la
hcrebv, granted to the State of Kansas, for tlie put'poseof
enabling ;>aid tftate to Indemnity her citizcns for looses suf-
fered during the troubles of 1855, 1856, and 1857, one mil-
lion actes of' public land:?, to be selected in subdivisions,
agteeable to the United States smveya, by an ag^nt or
agents to be appointed by the Governor of said State, sub-
ject to the appioval of the Secretary of the Interior, from
any lands within said State subject to private entry.
c5ec. 7. %dnd be it further enacted, That before it shall bq
competent for said State to di*po>e of any of the lands
granted in section six of this act, the Legislature of said
State shall consent to receive the hanie, and to iclease the
United States, from all liability on the part of her citizens
and every pait theieot.
Mr. CLARK. This bill is a bill of consider-
able importance, and grants away a great deal of
the land of the Government, and involves other
questions, as Senators will see by this amend-
ment. I understand the other Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Pomeroy] has an amendment which he
desues at some tune to offer. With a view that
all these amendments may be gathered up and
considered by a committee, I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President™—
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Kansas has
further amendments, I wish that they may go too.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will not press his motion, i was
aware of the absence of my colleague, and I in-
tended to allow the bill to be reported to the Sen-
ate, and then to ask that it be informally laid aside
until lie should come in. The amendments that he
intends to propose are merely to the phraseology
of the bill. But rather than have the bill referred
to the committee, which, at this stage of the ses-
sion, would be tantamount to its defeat, I will with-
draw the amendment I have offered, if that will
meet with the approbation of the Senator from
Now Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the Senator to withdraw the amendment,
no action having been taken upon it. The Senator
fiom New Hampshire moves to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLARK. As the Senator indicates a pur-
pose to lay it aside informally, I have no objection
to the bill being laid aside until the other Senator
from Kansas comes in, so that all the amendments
may be proposed. I think still the bill had belter
go to the committee, but I have no desire to em-
barrass the bill, and I am willing that the Senator
shall take such course as he desires with it, if it
can be properly examined by the committee. 1
withdraw the motion if he proposes to lay the bill
aside.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I consent that the bill
may be informally hud aside until my colleague
comes in. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie on
the table, subject to be called up.
CAPTAIN JOHN MULIjAN.
Mr. NESMITII. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 502, for the relief of Captain John Mul-
lan, of the United States Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time as in Committee of the Wiwlc.
Its object is to require the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, in settling the accounts of
Captain John MuHan, United States Army, to
allow him a credit for a check diawn by him in
February, I860, for $1,396 96, upon the Assist-
ant Ticasuru* of the United States, puyaMe to
Lieutenant Robert McFoely, or bearer, which
check was stolen from the mail, and way not re-
coveted, hut paid to some other person; and also
to allow him a credit for $l,0is0, the amount of
a forged Navy Department certificate which he
