im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
the States, In reference tothat subject,. 1 think
the provision adopted in the House of Represent-
atives a verygoodone. Taxing the United States, ■
and-putting us to the expense and trouble of pay-
ing the money into the Treasury, and of course
having to pay the cost of collection, would be a
losing business on the part of the United States.
We should only receive out of the Treasury of
the United States a part of the tax that we levied
upon it, and the residue would go to the officers,
and for paying the expense of preparing the
stamps; so that, as far as regards taxing what is
chargeable to the United States, it seems to me
to be without any good reason whatever. The
Government has not been in the habit of doing
that; and questions? have been suggested to me in
reference to this matter heretofore, independent
of this bill, as to the right, and certainly as to the
fitness, of this Government to tax the States. We
do not generally impose taxes upon the States.
State property, as well asUnited States property,
is and may very well be exempted. I understand
that grave doubts exist in the Department as to
the construction of the law as originally passed;
whether it may not properly be construed as ap-
plying only to individuals and corporations, and
not either to the States or to the Federal Govern-
ment. The intention, as I suppose, the object
and purpose, at any rate the result of the amend-
ment made by the House of Representatives, is
to'relieve this question of all doubt, and to im-
pose the tax simply upon individuals and corpo-
rations, and not attempt to impose it either upon
the United States or upon the States. I therefore
ask for a separate vote on the amendment pro-
posed by the committee to the fourth section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendments have
all been adopted in the Senate.
Mr. KING. The bill is still open to amend-
ment, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is open
to-amendment; but the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole have been agreed to in
the Senate.
Mr. KING. I suppose it would be in order to
strike out section four, which, I believe, relates
exclusively to this subject. I see nothing else in
the section. I will read the section:
Sttc. 4. *Sn<i fie it further enacted, That all ofllcial in-
struments, documents, and papers, subject to duty, issued
or used by the officers of the United States Government,
where the United States would be chargeable with the duty
or stamp thereon; and all instruments, documents, and
papers of the executive departments of the several States,
subject to duty, where any State would be chargeable with
the duty or s tamp thereon; and also all instiuinents, doc-
uments, and papers relating to the procurement of bounty
land, and other bounties, pensions and arrears of pay by
or for officers, soldiers, and seamen, or their legal repre-
sentatives, who have been, or may be, in flu- s>civu*e of
the United State*, shall be, and hereby are, exempt fmin
fl'Uy,
Now, Mr. President, I would be willing to ex-
empt the applications of our wounded soldiers,
pensioners,&c., from this stamp duty. They have
been in the service of the United States, and the
greatest facilities should be extended to them to
obtain the remuneration which the Government
has promised them for the sufferings which they
have endured m the suppoi t of their country, I,
therefore, would be willing to do that. The other
matter is one in which we collect the money from
ourselves at a certain expense and trouble, and
only receive into the Treasury the residue beyond
the experse of collecting the money and prepar-
ing the stamps. It is entneiy inconsistent with
usage and custom to tax the States in this way,
and I doubt very much the fitness or propriety of
doing it; and, indeed, questions have been pre-
sented of the constitutionality of a tax upon the
States in this matter. 1 think it would be wiser
and better to leave the bill as it stood when it came
from the House of Representatives, i trust, there-
fore, that by common consent this section may
be amended, or, at least, that the question may
be again taken by the Senate. I will move to
reconsider the vote by which that section was
amended, with a viesv to take the question on these
two propositions separately, i trust the Senator
from Maine will assent to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question may as well
be settled on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. KING. I wish to have it reconsidered.
It is the usual way; and by courtesy it is gen-
erally done. I was called out at the moment this
section was passed .upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What difference does it
make ?
Mr. KING. It does not make any difference;
but 1 think that would be the best way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate can do just
as it pleases about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the fourth section
was amended.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I now ask for a separate vote on
the two propositions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. That is the vote just reconsidered,
I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is still pending
before the Senate, nevertheless.
Mr. KING. Certainly; butitisopentoamend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. KING. I would be willing that the ques-
tion should be taken upon that proposition by a
division, which would bring us to the same result
as that to which we should arrive by a motion to
amend the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, who have moved to strike out certain words
from the bill of the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on agreeing to the amendment
reported by the committee.
Mr. KING. So [ understand. Then the only
mode in which that can be amended is by a mo-
tion to amend the amendment; and I therefore
move to strike out from the amendment as report-
ed the words "subject to duty,''and the words
" where the United States would be chargeable
with the duty or stamp thereon, and all instru-
ments, documents, and papers of the executive
departments of the several States subject to duty,
where any State would be chargeable with tne
duty or stamp thereon."
The striking out of those words from the amend-
ment proposed by the Finance Committee, and
agreed to by the Committee of the Whole, would
relieve the bill of that provision which taxes either
the United States or the States; and I wish Sen-
ators would consider this question in the light in
which I regard it, as having a good deal more im-
portance than the mere amount to be charged.
The comptroller of the State of New York has
communicated with the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue upon this subject. These are matters
which probably there is no impropriety in speak-
ing about; and, in my statement to the Senate, I
speak of them because they arc public matters. It
is a fact that a difference of opinion existed in our
State as to the construction of the law, one of the
State officers holding that the law in its terms did
require a stamp upon a check drawn upon the
funds of the State for a payment to be made by the
State, thus taxing the State on its disbursements of
its own funds, and others holding that the law did
not require a stamp in such a case. Thus a ques-
tion grew up about the allowance of an account;
and the matter has been referred to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue here, and is now with
the Solicitor in the law department of the Treas-
ury, with a view to decide upon the construction
of the law. I am informed that there is an incli-
nation of opinion there—nothing decisive—to give
to the law as it stood a construction which would
not make the State liable to this tax, on the ground
that it was neither good policy nor the course of
practice for this Government either to tax itself or
the State governments. I had a little conversa-
tion with the chairman of the Finance Committee
about it.and he told me there was some difference
of opinion in the committee in regard to it, and it
is for that reason that I ask the attention of the
Senate to this subject.
It is questionable whether this action of the Sen-
ate is anything more than giving a construction to
the law, but it is exceedingly undesirable that this
Government in the collection of its taxes should
come in contact with opinions of a constitutional
character, as to its rights and powers, entertained
by the State authorities of any State. The comp-
troller of our State, in communications to me which
I have laid before the Department, is very decided
and positive in his opinion on this point,and, as I
said before, the Commissioner informed me that
he thought there was great weight in it, but he
considered it a question which should have the ma-
ture consideration of the law officer of the Treasury
Department before it was decided. I trust, there-
fore, that no action will be taken here which will
be inconsistent with that, or which will leave the
question in such a condition that the tax may be
required from the State. I think,iftherewereno
doubt whatever about the power, it would not be
expedient for this Government to tax either itself
or the State governments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator docs not
seem to comprehend exactly the condition of the
section. He will notice that the words 4< subject
to duty" have been already struck out, and tho
word44 official" has been inserted before " instru-
ments," and the amendment which he wishes to
reach does not begin until we get down to the
word " Government,"in the fourth line, and then
it strikes out all down to the word " shall," in the
thirteenth line; so that the section, as amended,
reads thus:
That ail official instruments, documents, and papers
issued or used by the officers of the United States Govern-
ment shall be, and hereby arc, exempt from duty.
The Senator does not want to meddle with that
provision as it stands, because it is in perfect con-
sistency with his argument. It is very evident
that this provision ought to be made, for the sim-
ple reason that otherwise the United States Gov-
ernment is just taking out of one pocket and put-
ting into another; it is taxing its instruments,
paying the tax in order to put stamps on its papers,
and is thus receiving money from itself, which
amounts to just nothing. The provision as it is,
therefore, is all right, and should not be touched.
With regard to the other question whicli the
Senator raises, the committee had very consider-
able discussion; and they came to the conclusion
deliberately that it was best to strike out those
two clauses. As to the constitutional objection,
that is an idea which I should hardly have thought
the learned and ingenious comptroller of the State
of New York, whoever he may be, would have
had ingenuity enough to raise. He might just as
well say, however, that a revenue tax upon paper
which must be used in the State department, or in
the other departments of the great State of New
York, was unconstitutional, because the State
was obliged to use paper, and therefore in tax-
ing paper we were taxing the State I We make
our laws general, to apply to everything that is
used, and so it is with an internal duty put on a
certain kind of transaction. I apprehend there
never will be any very serious constitutional ques-
tion arising on this point, and that there is no
great danger of a collision with the State of New
York on this particular subject. I should appeal
to my friend, the other Senator from New York,
[Mr. Harris,] if there is really any doubt, as he
is a member of the Judiciary Committee, whether
he ever thought there was a constitutional diffi-
culty in the way?
Then the question is one of expediency merely,
and the committee came to the conclusion, after
some discussion, that it was unwise to begin to
make exemptions; that we should only get our-
selves into difficulty by doing so. There would
be petitions from oneplaceand another place, from
one set of men and another set of men, to be ex-
empted from the application of the law. Requir-
ing payment for stamps is only another form of
taxing the people. The officers of the State of
New York, and of every other State, if they issue
official documents which ought to be stamped,
will buy their stamps like anybody else, and pay
for them; and that money will be paid eventually
by the people of the State of New York, and by
the people of all the other States in the same way.
It is merely a question whether it is worth while
for the Government, wanting money as much as
it does, to begin to make so very large an exemp-
tion; to begin a system of exemption which may
give us a great deal of trouble. It is thought best
that we adhere strictiy and strongly to the reve-
nue bill as it was finally passed by Congress after
great consideration, and not attempt to interfere
with it unless in a case that is perfectly palpable,
or unless experience shows that it is injurious in
its operation.
The Senator proposes, also, to exempt from the
stamp duty all papers relative to applications for
pensions, bounties, bounty lands, and pay of offi-
cers and soldiers and sailors in the service of the
United States. The committee considered that
