1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
received in August, 1862, at Walla-Walla, Wash-
ington Territory, in payment of certain Govern-
ment property s..!d hv him as superintendent of
the walla-Walla and'Fort Benton military load.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask if there is any report
accompanying that bill.
Tiie PRESi DENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that there is a report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not lengthy, I
should like to hoar it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report will
be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Rice, from the Committee on Military A (Tans
and the Militia. The report states that Captain
Mullan in February, I860, sent through the mail,
carried by one John L. Carr, a draft drawn upon
the Assistant Treasurerat New York in payment
for certain commissary stores purchased by him,
amounting to $1,396 96, in favor of Lieutenant
Robert McFeely, of the United StatesArmy, which
draft was stolen from the moil by John L. Cuir,
and being payable to bearer was paid to the per-
son who presented it, and the amount has not been
received by Lieutenant McFeely. Itfurthei ap-
pears that while Captain Mullan was superintend-
eotof the military road fiotnWalla-Walla to Foi t
Benton, he sold at pubiie auction in August, lSG^,
certain property belonging to that road, ami took
in payment therefor Navy Depm hncnt certificates,
one of which, amounting to $1,020, on being pre-
sented for payment was pronounced a forgery.
Captain Mullan is held responsible for the.se two
sums. The committee after a careful examina-
tion are satisfied that Captain Mullan ought riot
to be so held. In the first instance he acted in the
manner prescribed by the regulation* of the Treas-
ury Department in making the draft payable to
bearer, and he sent it by the means provided by
the Government—the United States mail—and is
in no way responsible for its loss. lie used ail
due diligence to arrest the robber without success,
he having made away to California, and after-
wards to Nevada Territory, where he has been 1
since hung for murder. Jn regaid to the forged I
Navy certificate, Captain Mullan a<-ted ni gootl j
faith. Such certificates were current in ihatcoun- |
try, and the forgeiy was so well executed that the !
most circumspect would have been deceived by it. i
The committee believing that m both instances !
Captain Mullan acted for the best interests of the j
Government, and that the losses were sustained !
without any fraud on his pait, repoi t the hill. !
• Mr. 1 RuMBULL. 1 wish to uuikean inquiry j
about this case. It seems that a part of thisdaim |
ia based on the loss of a diaft sent by mail, and 1
made payable to beaier. It semis to me that is '
a very caieiess way o-f doing business; but f oh- ;
serve that tho report say'? it w in accoidanc< with j
the regulations of the Ttensury DenaitmeW to
make drafts sent by nun! payable to bearer. That
isaverystmttge regulation, and I desire to impure
of some Senator, who is advised on the subject,
whether thete is such a regulation of the Depart-
ment. Certainly it is a careless way of doing |
business to send by mail a diaft payable to hearer. :
Mr. NLSM I FH. in icply to the Senatoi from I
Illinois, I will state that it is usual to deposit i
money to the credit of dmhurMiig officers at «oine i
Government depository, New Yoik or San Fran*
ctsco, or some point where it can be conveniently
drawn upon. The officer with whom the money
is deposited.furnishes a sheck-book, in which the
checks are printed payable to bearer. The money
to pay the expenses of the expedition to make
the military road from Foit Benton to Walla-
Walla was deposited to the credit of Caprain MuU jj
Ian with the general depositoi y in New Yi ik,and
he was furnished with «. cheek-book from that f
office in which the checks were ail printed payable i
to bearer. My understanding is that that is the ?
rule of the Treasury Department, and that any ;
interlineation or change of that would vitiate the
check so that it would not be paid. At least, n !
is my understanding that that rule was in force •'
at that time. !
When Captain Mullan arrived at Vancouver, i
going to the Rocky mountains, it became neces- j
sary to purchase supplies for his expedition. In |
place of going into the market th<re, and pur- j
chasing them at exorbitant prices, he went to |
Lieutenant McFeely, tho commissary at Fort i
Vancouver, and purchased Government supplies*
from him amounting to the sum named m this
draft; but he had notut that time the means to pay
with. Subsequently j after getting into the i met ior
of the countiy, at the base of the Rocky mount-
ains, he drew a check for the amount, precisely
as was required by the instructions,and sent it by
express. There was a district of three or four hun-
dred miles before getting to a post office. I think
the first post office was at Walla-Walla, prob-
ably distant about four hundred miles. The per-
son who was intrusted with the tiansmission of
this check stole it, wont to San Fiancisco, pre-
sented it there, and drew the money. As soon
as Captain Mullan ascertained the fact, he put
parties on the man's track, but he had left San
F< uncisco; he went to Nevada and committed mur-
der, and was hung.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter comes up a
little picmmurely. 11is the custom to print these
repoi ts, in oider that Senators may have a chance
to read them at their leisure. I should like to
have an opportunity to consult a little further as
to what is the practice of the Department on this
subject. I think the bill had better go over, and
that the report should be printed.
Mr. IIARLAN. I then move that this subject
be postponed, and that we take up Senate bill No.
483.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will first put the question on the motion to print i
tho repoi t.
The motion was agreed to.
GAUGE OP PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator j
from Iowa moves to postpone all piior ordeis for :
ihe purpose of proceeding to the consideration of |
the bill indicated by him. :
The motion was agreed to; and the consideration !
of the bill (S. No. 4H3) to establish the gauge of I
the Pacific railroad and its branches was resumed j
as in Committee of the Whole. '
Mr. LATIIAM. i desire to say a word on this I
bill, it is a matter that 1 have not paid much at- I
tention to, for the reason that it has been under ■
the charge of my colleague, who is chairman of i
the select committee on the Pacific railroad; but i ■
sincerely trust that this bill will not become a law. '
By the Pacific railroad bill that was passed dur- '
ing the lust session of Congress, the power was 1
vested in the President of the United Sta#s to fix i
the gauge of the Pacific railroad. During the
month of January past, the Presidentcailed to his j.
assistance some of the most efficient and learned ij
men on the question of these railroad gauges. ];
There were delegations here from my own State, jl
and fiom several of the western States, and sev- 'j
era I gentlemen who weie connected with raiboads !J
in the State of New Yoik and the New England '!
States; and after the most mature deliberation and 'i
consideration, the President fixed the railroad jj
gauge at five feet, and made a proclamation to that jj
eff< ct; mui contacts have been made for the mak- !{
ing of the imining machinery in accordance with '
this gauge. '
I'he effect of this bill will be simply that, in \
regard to the railroads which are established m !
Kansas, I believe, and certainly in my own State, !
that aie now at five leet, their whole tunning geai ]
to act in connection with this railroad will have I
to be changed, and this will necessarily impose \
on them a very heavy expense. The only argu- j
mont in the woild that can be used for fixing the ;
gauge at this low rate is that it will conform with j
some of the railroads in the West. The only !
aigument, I believe, that has been offered for it j
is that it is in oider to run in harmony, so that '
troops, munitions of war, (fee., in any great ext.- '
gency, can avail themselves of the running mate- I
ual of some of the western railroads. Thisatgu- ■
mont really ought not to have any efficiency or any !
effect, for the leason that it wili be utterly impos- :
sible, without a transhipment, to carry troops j
from^ the ^Mississippi valley to the coast of the '
Pacific.^ Ihete has got to lie a transhipment at ;
some place, and it may just as well occur at some ;
point in the neighborhood of the Mississippi river '
as at any other. j
Mr. HARLAN. If it will not be an interrup- '
tion to the Senator, I should like to ask him on '
what facts he bases the statement that a train j
could not be run from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Mr. LATHAM, i base it on the reports of 1
railroad men ond statements made to me upon
inquiry. 1 have a communication here which has
been addressed to me on th.s subject by one of
the most, intelligent railroad men in the country,
in which he says that some transhipment in so
great and longa distance will be absolutely indis-
pensable for the purpose of cleanliness, for the
preservation of the material, and for other leasons
which he sets forth. I take, of course, the state-
ments of others, because I have no experience on
this subject myself.
Mr. HARLAN. The facts that have come to
my knowledge are the very reverse. That was
the teason of my inquiry. I supposed the Sen-
ator pet haps had some facts that had not come
to my attention. 1 suggest that the facts are the
very reverse. I know they do tranship frequently,
but it is merely a matter of convenience in keep-
ing certain running stock on short lines of road,
so as not to commingle the various interests; but
trains do run through, trains have been run to
Washington city from Illinois and the Mississippi
river. There is nodifficulty whatever in running
them through. The freight trains only run at the
rate of about ten ruiles an hour, and it does not
even heat the machinery.
Mr. LATHAM. The information I possess
amounts to this, that while the statement of the
Senator from Iowa may be true, yet for the gen-
eral purposes of economy, of cleanliness, for the
protection of their propeity in such long lailroad
distances, it is necessary and essential that tran-
shipments should be made. While it may hold,
goodforsome distances, while it may be true that
they can, and very frequently peihans do, run
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Atlantic
coast without transhipment, still jt would not hold
on a road just double that distance, which would
be the case in running from the Pacific to the
Atlantic, const.
But, sir, there is another thing that should bo
remembered. This gauge has been fixed by the
only competent authority that could fix it, having
in view all the interests concerned and to be af-
fected by it. At the last session we, by our votes,
gave to the President of the United States the
power to settle this question; and he has taken it
upon himself, after mature investigation and con-
sultation with railroad men and those whose in-
terests were to be affected, to fix this gauge at five
feet.
As I have stated before to the Senate, I do not
pretend to be versed m these questions, and any
statement I may make in relation to the capacity
of railroads, the difference between gauges, which
would be most convenient,&c., could only be de-
rived from knowledge that I have received from
others; and I do not pretend to communicate any
information to the Senate calculated to influence
their judgment based upon any opinion of my
own. 1 only know that this power was given to
the President, and as 1 have stated, he, alter con-
sultation with railroad men, fixed the gauge in
view of the interests of the people of the West,
of the State of Kansas, and of the Pacific coast;
and after he had made his proclamation, contracts
were made by companies organized under that
Pacific railroad bill for their running gear, in
conformity with the gauge so fixed, I have yet
to learn any good or substantial reason for the
change of gauge, except the one offered by the
Senator from Iowa who presses this bill, that
there are some railroad companies now in exist-
ence in the valley of the Mississippi whose inter-
ests would be subserved and promoted by fixing
the gauge at four feet eight and a half inches,
as proposed in this bill.
Mr. GRIM ES. 1 voted for the Pacific railroad
bill; and one of the great reasons that induced mo
to do it was to enable this country to defend her-
self m case of war with any hostile foreign Power.
Suppose war should exist between us and any
foreign nation, and should be declared to-day; if
it should be the. case, as one of the Senators from
California [Mr. McDougall] has intimated here
on the floor of the Senate, that a hostile fleet is
now hovei ing upon that coast, and your road was
completed, and you wanted to transport troops
there, how would you do it? Why, sir, that road,
in its best estate, would never be able to transport
with its own furniture an army of twenty-five
thousand men. 1 know that cars have been brought
from the State of Iowa and the State of Illinois
here to assist in the transportation of the army
