1862.
'HIE CO.N-GHiES'Si CMAL GLCffil.
a®9
?.
matter, and came to the conclusion that this ex-
emption ought not to be made. 1 suppose there
are no set of men who are comparatively so well
paid for their services as those connected "with the
Army and Navy. We have been extremely lib-
eral m allowing bounties. Soldiersgetlarge boun-
ties from their towns for enlisting; we give them
pay and bounty, and pensions if they are injured.
The committee couid not see any reason for ex-
empting them fiom paying the small tax which
is imposed by the use of stamps upon certain pa-
iers, and which their fellow-citizens have to pay.
t will open the door to exemptions that may
grow to a very inconvenient extent. The com-
mittee came to this conclasion deliberately, after
considering the subject, and I hope the amend-
ments will be suffered to stand as they have been
made, in this section.
Mr. KING. Mr, President, I am aware of the
tenacity with which the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance adheres to every measure which he
has presented. 11 is proper and fit that lie should
do so. I can assure him that, in my opinion,
there is no apprehension of a collision between this
Government and the State of New York, or its
authorities, upon any of these questions in rela-
tion to any exactions that shall be made from her.
This exaction would be made from her in com-
mon with aii the other States of the Union. The
provision must be uniform in its effect. I have
merely alluded to a.suggestion from the financial
officer of the State of New York of a question of
authority and of right in reference to this matter.
"While the people of that State are willing and de-
sire to pay ail that by the law they are required
to pay, mid are not going to have any disturbance
or difficulty if they are charged with what they
consider they are not lequireu by law to pay or
ought properly to pay, yet a respectful suggestion
of their views upon the subject is entitled to con-
sideration. I believe it has received a kind and
favorable consideiation at the Department; and \
have no doubt that if Congress were to refrain
from all action in regard to it, the reply would go
to that State, not for that State alone but for all
the States, that their official papers are not con-
sidered liable to the provisions of the existing law
relative to stamps. The House of Representa-
tives, however, have deemed it proper to amend
the law in this respect, and relieve it from all
question or doubt: and they have declared that the
tax shall not be paid on instruments used by the
United States anu by the States. I am very happy
to find that the Senator agrees, at least, that the
original law does require some amendment, and
that he admits that there is no propriety in lax-
ing papers the charge for which would come out
of the Treasury of the United States. It is clear
and obvious that a charge of that sort would not
be desirable to be made. So, in the States, there
are school funds and revenue funds, from which
the State officers draw money, and they have never
been taxed heretofore under any circumstances,
and 1 see no reason for doing it now. It wouid
be, in my judgment, but courteous to the States
to refrain from any attempt at taxing them in this
way.
The amendment which I now propose docs not
extend to the exemption of applicants for pensions
and bounties and arrears of pay, but I limit the
proposition to amend to the case of papers on
which the States may be called on to pay the tax,
and I hope the Senate will agree to retain the pro-
vision of the House bill tu that extent. ] hope
the Senate will retain the words" where the United
States would be chargeable with the duty or stamp
thereon," and (he words which follow down to
" thereon" in the eighth line, which will simply
relieve the hill from the assumption of the power
to tax either the Federal Government or the State
governments in their corporate capacity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words " where the
United States wouid be chargeable with the duty
orstamp thereon*" have already been struck out,
because they are mere surplusage; and they were
struck out at the suggestion of the Secretary of
the Treasury himself. The section now reads "all
official instruments, documents, and papers issued
or used by the officers of the United States Gov-
ernment shall be. and hereby are, exempt from
duty.'5 What the Senator wants is to retain the
words "and all instruments, documents, and
>apers of the executive departments of the several
"tales, &c.
Mr. KING. The form of words which -will
accomplish my purpose is immaterial to me. The
original amendment struck out the words " sub-
ject to duty, " and inserted the word "official."
Either form I am willing to accept at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maine; and 1 propose
to retain the words, " and all instruments, docu-
ments, and papers of the executive departments
of the several States, subject to duty, where any
State would be chargeablc with the duty or stamp."
Those words will accomplish the purpose. The
amendmentwhich I proposed before would equally
accomplish it.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York will be
read.
The Secretary. In section four, strike out the
following words 
Mr. KING. They were struck outby the com-
mittee. My amendment is to insert. I ask the at-
tention of the chairman of the committee, because
the only object is to give this a shape which shall
be correct. After the word " Government" in the
fourth line, the words " and all instruments, docu-
ments, and papeis of the executive departments
of the several States, subject to duty, where any
State would be chargeable with the duty orstamp
thereon," have been struck out. I wish these
words to be retained. My motion is to retain these
words after the word "Government" in the fourth
line, and so to amend the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be read.
The Secretary. It is proposed to disagree to
so much of the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole as strikes out the following
words, "where the United States would be charge-
able" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not want
those kept in. They have nothing to do with it.
They me mere surplusage. He proposes to dis-
agree to so much as strikes out these words, "and
all instruments, documents, and papers of the ex-
ecutive departments of the several States, subject
to duty, where any State would be chargeable with
the duty or stamp thereon."
Mr. KING, i want to retain those words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator then pro-
poses to disagree to so much of the amendment
as strikes out these words—that is all.
The Secretary. If the section be amended as
now proposed, it will read as follows:
Hse. 4. Jini. be it further enacted, That ail official in-
struments, documents, and papers issued or usotf by the
officers of the United States Government, and all instiu-
mcnti'j documents, and papers of the executive departments
of the several States, subject to duty, where any State would
be chaigeable with the duty or stamp thereon, shall be and
herebj an? exempt from duty.
Mr. KING. That is it.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
Mr. King's amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. KING. I hardly think that is the delib-
erate judgment of the Senate, and I therefore ask
for a division. Very few voted.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes, seven.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will indulge
me with the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the Senator from
Maine seein>s to consider this a very trifling mat-
ter; I do not. I do not consider that the amount,
of money to be collected by this tax is of so much
importance as the body upon which it is to be
levied is of importance. We have gone along in
all this matter with great good will, and a dispo-
sition to deal with the condition of things that
exists without desiring to be very exacting as to the
legal authority with which things are demanded;
but i say to Senators in respect to this question,
that gentlemen of great legal knowledge deny your
power thus to tax the States, and, as I said before,
the officer who presides over this department of
the Government rather entertains that opinion,
thoush he has not deliberately examined it, and
has properly referred it to the Solicitor of the
Treasury. "When it is decided, it will be decided
with a full and thorough knowledge of the ques-
tion, upon the right to tax the States, as well as
the fitness of doing it. and th* construction of the
law as it stands.
Now, ih it not ri^ht, under such circumstance's
as .these, to free ourselves from any q&estion of
doubt or difficulty by inserting aspecifie-pr.ovision
settling this point? The provisionwh-fch I desire
to retain in this bill was inserted in therHotjseiof
Representatives, ^believe, without anyjgreat dif-
ference of opinion. I do not know'-what differ-
ences of opinion there were in that Elottse,; - but,
at any rate, they have deemed it proper lode.ctare
that the States shall not be taxed in this way. I
was not aware that this provision -was pending,
until, calling at the Department, I was informed
there that the law was to be amended >and learned,
upon looking at the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, that the House had so amended the
law as to relieve it of all doubt in this respect.
It comes to us here in that way. There is:no use
in making a long argument on this subject to the
Senate. The question is presented to them, and
fully understood by every member of the Senate,
and it is simply a question whether we shall ex-
ercise this power without reference to constitu-
tional doubts and without reference to good pol-
icy. I ask, therefore, that the Senate may vote
upon it, on their judgment of what is best in the
case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle,
Harris, Howaid, Howe, Kin;, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, Wiimot, and Wilson of Missouri—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Carhlc, Clark, Colla-
mer, Cowan, Davis, Fessenden, Field, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Latham, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell,
Rice. Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyclc, Willey, Wilson of
Massachusetts, and Wright—29.
So the amendment of Mr. King was rejected.
Mr. KING. 1 was aware of the respect which
is due this committee of the Senate, and which I
entertain for it myself; but I have felt it my duty to
offer these amendments, and I shall now offer the
other part of the proposition, on which I shall not
call for a division; but I deemed it due, under the
circumstances, to ask for a division on my pre-
vious motion, so that I might record myself on
that question. I now move to disagree to so much
of the amendment of the committee as strikes out
these words:
And also all insmunents, documents, and papers relat-
ing to the procurement of bounty land and other bounties,
pensions, and arrears of pay, by or for officers, soldiers, ani
seamen, or theii legal representatives, who have been ox
may be in the service of the United States.
It is simply to relieve from the tax the appli-
cations which persons of these classes may make
to the Government for what they deem to be due
them. I shall ask for no division on it, but by
making the motion I record my sentiments.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not precisely under-
stand how this question stands. Does the com-
mittee report against the proposition which the
Senator from New York has read?
Mr. KING. They tax them.
Mr. ANTHONY. The report of the commit-
tee taxes papers used in the procurement of boun-
ties and back pay ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are taxed already
by a stamp. We do not exempt them from the
stamp.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote with the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that
this matter was very thoroughly discussed, and
decided by the committee, and decided—on the
ground I have stated—that it was very unwise, on
account of this trifling tax onaclass who are better
J paid, perhaps, than anybody else, to break in upon
I the tax law, and begin this.system of exemptions,
i 1 know it is popular, exceedingly so, to talk a
! great deal about the soldiers, and to propose to
j exempt them from burdens; but these petitions
i come from pension agents; and the fact is, that
| they, having a fixed sum to receive, five dollars,
i I believe, do not like to put on a Ktamp. if wft
1 begin to break in upon the system that we have
j adopted to raise money to support the Govern-
! ment, I desire to know how we are to have money
s to pay pensions, I really trust the Senate will
! not adopt the proposition of the Senator from New
i York.
1 Mr. ANTHONY. I have a representation on
; this subject from a pension agent who collects all
i the pensions and bounties and back pay for our
! Rhode Island soldiers, and does not charge them
! one cent for his services
