THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Perhaps there are some. As there will be a great
■public necessity, if we complete this road to the
Pacific, of using a great deal of rollingstock ofthe
Union Pacific Railroad Company this way,and of
our rolling stock that way, and as we cannot use our
rolling stock on that line of road unless we have a
gauge to correspond with the lines of roads this
side* and those lines are almostuniversally on the
gauge of four feet eight and a half inches, I think
the gauge of this road should be made to conform.
The Senator from New York, the other day, laid
down the proposition as a kind of dogma that a
six feet gauge was destructive to almostany road;
that the New York and Erie Company were con-
sidering the question of altering their gauge en-
tirely, because they could not successfully work
on a six feet gauge. I think there must be some
mistake about that. I apprehend the only disad-
vantage in working a six feet gauge is that you
cannot make the turns and curves in the load in
the same radius. The circle that one wheel makes
when going round a curve on a six feet gauge is
much larger than the circle made on a narrow
gauge of four feet eight and a half inches, and as
both wheels are passing around, and one cannot
pass round any faster than the other, it, as the rail-
road men say, "winds." It winds when you un-
dertake to make too short a circle with the wide
„gauge. But m our piaiiie country, where the
roads can be made straight, and comparatively of
easy grade, the wide gauge, I apprehend, notwith-
standing the remarks of the Senator from New
York, would be the most economical, because the
weight is better proportioned; and you can put a
larger weight on the same surface of carriage and
have it better proportioned when the car is wide
than if it is narrow. The same might be said of
sleeping cars, in a long line of road like this we
want sleepingcars, and the idea of confining it to a
narrow gauge i do not behove will promote the
interests of ihe road.
However, sir, I shall vote for the gauge of four
feet eight and a half inches, because that will make
it correspond with ali our eastern road*, and he-
cause we may want to use that stock. We do
want to use that stock, and we must of necessity
he compelled to use ir if there is any necessity in
California for large forces to be sent, theie. I
think, therefore, the public interest will be pro-
moted by putting the gauge at four feet eight and
a half inches, not because i think it will make any
better road, for I do not think so. i do not a^ree
with the Senator from New Yoi k on that subject.
I believe that the wide gauge road is better in it-
self if all our roads were of that gauge; better, at
any rate, where you can run a road comparatively
straight. But there is a necessity for reducing
this gauge to four feet eight and a half inches, and
on that ground 1 shall vote for it.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 hope and believe that this
Pa-ific railroad will some day be constructed; and
I can easily see how it is for the inteiest of those
who leside in California to June the width of the
gauge vary so far from the eastern railroads ay
that the rolling stock cannot be passed over those
roads. Imagine that to be done, and this road is
constructed on a live feet gauge. The eastern
roud>* have a gauge of four feet eight and a half
inches. Now, how is the Pacific tailroad to get
its rolling stock? In one of two ways; either it
hub to be transported as Height from ihe eastern
States, or else it muut be manufactured; and I ap-
prehend the secret is ihere, This immense amount
of roiling .stock must be manufactured in Califor-
nia if a iive feet gauge is established, or else must
be manufactured m the eastern States and trans-
port* d to this Pacific road. It gives Californiam
that competition rather too much advantage.
Mi .LATHAM. I desire to have the yeas and
n.'tys on the passage of the hill.
Mr. KING. I move to strike out *4 four feet
eight end a half inches," ami insert 4< six feet,"
so ;\s to make the i^augt six feet. 1 am of opin-
ion that the widest gauge is the better one. I
shall not urjjuo the question. It is simply a ques-
tion of advantage bttw'en gauges. There are
some railroads of that gau^e m the Mississippi
and Atlantic States. Next to that, I would take
the gauge which accommodates nearly all the
roads in the country.
Mr. HAUL AN. There is one railroad, I think,
in New Yoik of that gauge; arid I heard one of
the gebtiuniert connected with it, as 1 understand
iaigtly inrercsted in it, state that they were now
seriously considering the question whether they
should not tear up the track and lo&e the machin-
ery they now have, and put it down on the ordi-
nary gauge of four feet eight and a half inches.
A road was constructed on that gauge from Chi-
cago out toward the Northwest, and some fifty or
sixty miles built, the road under the supervision
of Mr. Ogdcn, to whom my colleague referred.
They found it so very inconvenient that they tore
it up and put it down on the usual gauge. I
might, in this connection, reply to what the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. McDougall] says of
the gauge of roads in England. Although the
facts he stated were correctly stated as they oiigin-
ally acted on them, yet railroad men tell me even
in England they ate tearing up the wide gauge
roads and putting them down on a narrow track.
Mr. KING. 1 did not suppose when 1 made
this motion that the Senate would adopt it; but,
without going at any length into an argument or
statement to sustain the motion, I made it as the
expression of my own opinion. I do not design
to take up the time of the Senate upon it. 1 know
that a majoiity of the Senate are for the narrow
gauge; and next to the six feet, which is a wide
gauge, and which, in my opinion, will in time
prove to be the best, I prefer the gauge of four
.feet eight and a half indies instead of a five feet
gauge, which accommodates nobody. JFour feet
eight and a half inches is the gauge proposed m
this b/ll,and is the one which I suppose will be
adopted, i shall vote for that in preference to
any other except a six feet gauge. I meiely make
the motion to indicate my own opinion on this
subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senator from
Iowa is not quite right m regard to the road tnat
was built out Irom Chicago on the six feet gauge,
the wide gauge. Such a road was constructed out
some fifty or sixty miles from Chicago; but 1 do
not think Mi. Ogden built it.
Mr. GRIMES. I may bo in error as to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But, for the croditof Mr.
Ogden, I will say that he took possession of the
road alter this had been done. lie is one of the
most accomplished railroad men in the countiy;
and when he took possession of the road, he found
it so inconvenient, or thought it would he so in-
judicious to continue it upon that gauge, that he
altered the fifty or sixty miles already laid, and
adopted a gauge to correspond with the other roads
in tiie country.
Now, sir, if this were a new question, itis by
no means certain that four feet eight and a half
inches is not the best gauge for the road. I am
infot mod that in Russia, when the road was to be
constructed from St. Petersburg to Moscow, the
question of the width of the track was discussed
by iadroad and scientific men. That was the fust
roud built in Russia; there was no leoson of um-
foimity to produce the acceptance of one gauge
ruiher than another; and after consultation among
the scientific men of the woi Id—the load was built,
as wo are all aware, under the superintendence of
an eminent American—-they came to the conclusion
to build the road on the gauge of four feet eight
and a half inches. That is the width of the track.
Evn if it were not so, now, when nineteen twen-
tieths, as I understand, of ail the railroads in the
United States have adopted the narrow gauge, it
would seem to me to be v ry impolitic to adopta
uidei gauge for this paitieular road. The incon-
\euiences, taihoad men will tell you,a:e veiy
gieat. You have to bieak everything; to change
trom one railroad line to another. A gieat many
inconveniences have occui red in that respect dur-
ing this war. Cars have been brought from-Illi-
nois, and, 1 believe, Iowa, to the nty of Wash-
insrioii 
TUr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator under-
stand what the cost of handling in breaking gauge
is per ton ?
ilr. TRUMBULL. I nm not prepared to say,
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is about seven cents
per ton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state a .single cir-
cumstance which was told to me this morning in
regard to this inconvenience of (MTerent gauges.
It was desirable at one time to have a large num-
ber of cars m this vicinity to move troops within
the last year and a half. The Government ap-
plied to nulroads in my State for cars, and they
came here. There was a change of gauge, which,
I believe, is between the Erie and Cleveland—I
am not quite sure that that is the place, but I be-
lieve it is—at any rate it cost more to get the trucks
and bring the cars some fifty miles, where this
change occurred, than the whole expense all the
lest of the way. Certainly it is very desirable
that this road should conform to the other roads
of the United States. Even if, as an original ques-
tion, the wide gauge was the best, it seems to me
it would be impolitic to adopt it; but 1 do not un-
derstand it to be established, by any means, that
the wide gaue^e is the best.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The difficulty of breaking
gauge and the amount of additional cost of trans-
portation,! think, have been very much exagger-
ated in idea, not in statement. I understand that
the breaking of gauge, that is, in handling mer-
chandise from one set of cars to another, from a
gauge of four feet eight and a half inches to any
other gauge, on an average, amounts to about
seven cents per ton; not a serious matter in the
transportation ofmerchandise from San Francisco
to Boston, New York, Philadelphia, or Baltimore.
Now, I submit again to the Senate that here is
a continuous line of two thousand miles which
ought to stand by itself upon its own merits, upon
the pnre question of the merit of gauge. Inde-
pendent of this, the running of strange cars over
the roads is something that proper business inter-
ests will not permit. It is something that ought
never to be required, and never can be required if
the rolling stock of the company is sufficient for
its business. It is an advantage to the load itself
as an independent road that it is not to be inter-
rupted by other i oads running into it or distribu-
ting its own rolling stock. The idea, if there is
anything in it, is that a car from San Francisco
shall run to Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, or any of the intermediate points, Pitts-
burg, Cincinnati, St. Louis, or Chicago. How
can they conduct tft&r business if they distribute
their cars over the whole of the railroad lines of
the United States, havifig a gauge of four feet eight
and a half inches? They cannot afl'oid to do it.
They can better afford to break gauge and pay the
expenses themselves.
1 am not disposed to occupy the time of the
Senate on this subject; but the Senator from Illi-
nois has suggested that theie is some doubt on
(his question of gauge as an original question.
He knows very well that Major Whissler was one
of the extreme partisans of a narrow gauge in this
discussion, and that the opinion of the world is
against him; but he, being a partisan, carried his
views in Russia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was repotted to the Senate without
amendment, oidcrcd to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the thiid time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe my colleague
has already asked for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise simply to remark
that 1 shall vote against any proposition to change
the bill as it passed at the last session of Congress,
and which left it with the President to fix this
gauge. I do not think any very great advantages
immediately will be derived fiom the idea which
seems to animate the movers of this bill. In my
own State there are two roads leading m the direc-
tion of California. One of them lias a gauge of
five feet six inches, I believe, and the other a
gauge of four feet eight and a half inches. The
Missouri river is not bridged: and I do not think
it is possible to'bridgo it. I-Iowever, such a thing
may in the future be accomplished. The Missis-
sippi river at some points may be bridged, and has
been bridged at Rock Island. It may be bridged
where it has a rocky bottom; and that is only
where the rapids occur in the Mississippi river.
I do not think that river can be bndg*a at any
other point. I know of no point on the Missouri
river, though such may exist, where it would be
atoll probable that a permanent raihoctd bridge
could bo constructed. Therefore, I do not see
that eais could transport troops through without
transhipment at that point. It is true t hat on the
Pacific railroad, which is already completed a large
portion of the distance to Kansas city, which has
a gauge of five feet six inches, the Missouri river
would not have to be crossed, and transhipment
