1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
special terms. Rut the j«3tice holding such special term
may, in lus discretion, order any such motion or suit to be
heard, in the first instance, at a general term. Any party
aggrieved by any order, judgment, or decree, made or pro
nounced at any such special term, may, if the same involve
the merits of the action or proceeding, appeal therefioin to
the general teim of said supreme court, and upon such ap-
peal the general term shall review &uoh order, judgment,
or decree, and affirm, reverse, or modify the taine as shall
bejust.
8bo. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said court, in
general term, shall adopt such inles a-s It may think proper
to regulate the time and manner of making appeals from the
special term to the general term, and may proscribe the
terms and conditions upon which such appeals may be
made. Such court may also establish such other rules as
It may deem nccessary for the regulation of the practice of
the several courts organized by this act, and from time to
time revise and alter such rules.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That all issues of fact
triable by a jury or by the court shall be tried before a single
justice. When the trial is by jury, at a circuit court; when
the trial is without a jury, at acircuitcouit or special term.
Issues of law may be tried at a circuit court or special
term. At any time after issue, and at least ten days before
the sitting of the couit, either party may give notice ot trial.
The party giving the notice shall furnish the clerk, at least
four days before the sitting of the com t, with a note of the is-
sue, containing the title of the action, the names of the attor-
neys, and the time when the last pleading was served ; and
the clerk shall thereupon enter the cause upon a calendar,
according to the date of the it^ue.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That if ttpon the trial
of a cause an exception be taken, it may he reduced to
writing at the time, or it maybe entered on the minutes of
the justice, and afterwards settled in such manner as may
he provided by the rules of the court, and then slated in
writing in a case orbill of exceptions, vviih so much of the
evidence na may be mateual to the quotious to be raised,
butsuchca.se or bill of exceptions need not be sealed or
signed. The justice who tries the cause may, at his discre-
tion, entertain a motion tp be made on lus minutes to set
aside a verdict and grant a new trial upon exceptions, or
for insufficient evidence, or for excessive damages: Pro-
vided, That such motion be made at the same term or cir-
cuit at which the trial was had. When such motion is
made and heard upon the minutes, an appeal to the general
term may be taken fiom the decision, in which case a bill
of exceptions or case shall be settled in the usual manner.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That a motion for a
new trial on a case or bill of exceptions, and an applica-
tion for judgment on a special verdict or a verdict taken
subject to the opinion of the court, hhall be heard in the
first inttancH at a general trim.
Sec. 10. And be it.further enacted, That writs and pro-
cess issued out of theeointheiebyorganized may be tented
ih the name ot any justice of said court.
Sec. II. Jlnd be it fiather enacted, That any final judg-
ment, order, or decree of said com t may be reexamined and
reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Couitof the United
States, upon writ of orior or appeal, in the cas.es and
in like mannei as is now provided by law m reference to
the final judgment**, orders, and decrees ot the circuit court
of the United States lor the District of Columbia.
Sec. Jlnd be it further enacted, That appeals may be
made from the judgments of jiu^tices of the peace to the
court hereby organized in like manner and in the same
cases In which Mieh appeals are now allowed to the citeuit
court ot the United States for the Distuet of Columbia.
Such appeals shall be heard and decided at a special term.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted. That ju-atiecs of the
peacc mav be removed by the comt to he otganized under
the pioviMonsof this act, at a general term, after due notice,
and an oppoitumty to be heard in their defence, and foi
causes to lie ast-mtied in the order of removal.
Sec. 1'i. Jlnd be it / tat her cnncted, That it ic justices to be
appointed by vntue ot this act shall receive an annual tal-
niy of $3,000, to be paid quarteilj at the Tieasuij of the
United States.
Sec. 15. And he il further enacted. That the circuit court,
district court, and criminal court of the District of Colum-
bia are hereby abolished. Ail laws and pruta of laws re-
lating to stid courts so far at, the name aic applicable to the
courts etcated by this act, are Ik re by continued in force in
renpect to Mich comts, and allother laws and paitn ot laws
relating to t>:ud circuit, district, and criminal couit"* are
abolished.
The PRESIDENT "pro tempore. The first ques-
tion in order is on the amendment reported by the
committee, to strike out all of the original bill, and
insert what has been read.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to suggest two or three
amendments that have been proposed to mo by
members of the bar of this city.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York will allow the Chair to inqune if
it is proposed by the committee to amend the sub-
stitute m the fifth line of the lirst section. It is
so indicated by ceitain words being placed m
brackets.
Mr. HARRIS. That is a mistake. Those
words should stand just as they are. The first
amendment I propose is a fun the word Senate,"
in line nine, section one, to add the words, "and
shall hold their offices dining ijood behavior."
The amend merit to tiicamendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. At the end of the sixth section
I propose to add the following words:
It may determine by rule what morions shall be heard at
a special term a-> nou-cnumciatcd motions ami what mo-
tions shall be heaid at a general term in the first instance.
Mr. SUMNER. In listening to this bili my
attention has already bren called to this very topic
in the fifth section, i will read the clause to which
I refer: "non-enumerated motions in all suits
and proceedings at law and in equity shall first be
heard and determined at such special terms." I
wish to call the attention of the Senator from New
York to it, and I wish to ask him whether this
provision of the statute in its tendency would not
curtail the power of the court; whether it would
not be advisable to leave the whole subject of
what motions should be entertained,and when, to
be regulated by the rules of the court. I observe
that the Senator proposes a provision which is
somewhat jn that sense; but what I was going
to ask was whether it would not be advisable to
strike out the words which I have read, and leave
that whole matter of the order of motions to be
determined by the rules of the court.
Mr. HARRIS. I agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts substantially, but I prefer to have
it remain as it is now. The bill as it stands, with
the amendment which I propose, will have this
effect: it declares that non-enumerated motions
(which is a term well understood in most States,
though 1 am told all the bars here do not under-
stand it,) shall be made before a single judge at a
special term. Now, I propose an amendment to
enable the court to declare for themselves what
shall be non-enumerated motions; that they shall
classify them for themselves.
Mr. SUMNEP*,. Allow me to have the attention
of the Senator still for one moment. This occurs
to me: might not the court feel that a certain mo-
tion was urged upon the court which required at-
tention,and that this provision interfered with their
giving to it the alten^on which it seemed to require
at the time? That was the point that was in my
mind. I felt that possibly a statute provision de-
claring that certain motions which were called non-
enumerated motions should be heard by prefer-
ence, might oust some motion which the court at
the moment, if I may so say, under the exigency
of the hour, might consider as important to be
hoard.
Mr. HARRIS. I should prefer not to give that
class of motions to the general term. 1 think it
would be an embarrassment to have lawyers urg-
ing to hear them. That has been my experience.
1 think it is better to Wve it as it is.
Mr. SUMNER. I defer entirely to the experi-
ence of the Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. The last woid in the bill,
" abolished," .should be " repealed."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer a new section:
And be it father enact,rd, That the orphans' court of
VVa-litniMou coumv, in the District of Columbia, is hereby
abolished. The poweis arid jut u-dietion of thejudgc of^aid
eouit shall hcieultci be po-.-e---ed and exereurd by the
justices of the comt to he organized under tlu> act. any one
of whom may at chambers o  in s-pccial leini make any
order oi deco.e which the judn>* of the orphan:-.' com t ma)
now make ; and appeals Iroin ^neh ouler? am! decrees may
be made to the s-upieme couit in the^nnp eases and in the
same mannei as such appeals mav now be made to the
circuit coin f of the District oi Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one amendment in
foim,and very tuvial, indeed, but which, I take
it, should be made, in the seventh section in the
third line. Indeed, if seems to bo merely an error
of punctuation, unless I am mistaken. After the
wot d " justice," I suppose, there should be a semi-
colon instead of a period, i know that punctua-
tion does not belong to statutes.
Mr. HARRIS. It can be corrected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The punctua-
tion will be corrected.
The bill was repot ted to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments weie concuired in.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 move that this bill and
the amendments to it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and 1 will state very
briefly the reason why I make this motion.
There has been no petition presented to Con-
gress from persons in this District, that I have
heard of, asking for a change in the judicial sys-
tem, or for abolishing any of the courts of the
| District. I am informed by some leading mem-
i bers of the bar here that the bill meets with the
! opposition of every leading member of the bar in
; the District; those gentlemen in whom the public
I have confidence, and to whom the public intrust
i their business. I have been informed by some
j of those gentlemen that it would bo agreeable to
I them, if it met the pleasure of the Senate, to have
the privilege of appearing before the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate and stating their objec-
tions to the passage of this bill. They were taken
by surprise at its introduction, and I have under-
stood have taken some, steps to make their views
known to Congress. The reference to the Judi-
ciary Committee will give the members of the bar
of this District an opportunity to be heard before
that committee, who then can come before the
Senate, after they have heard the objections to the
proposed measure, and state whether it should
pass or not.
Mr. President, in these times of change, when
eveiything is undergoing change, certainly there
ought to be left something untouched. The ju-
diciary is the bulwat k of the constitutional rights
of the citizen. Constantly changing the judicial
system, constantly changing the judges of the
courts as parties fluctuate, is, in my opinion, not
only to be regretted but to be avoided.
Who is there \n this District, Mr. President,
that has asked Congress to pass such a law as
this ? If there be such a citizen in the Disti ict, has
he had the manliness to come befute Congressand
to make his grievances or his desires known, by
having; them openly read before the American
Senate and House of Representatives ? It is stated
by the honorable Senator from New York that he
has been informed by persons of the District of
the desire for this change. Sir, if there is any
grievance that ia being suffered by the people of
this District from the present judiciary of the
District, it would be better for them to come, by
their petition, and make that fact known, so that
not only the Senator fiom New Yoik, but every
other Senator on this floor may know what evil it
is that is sought to be redressed, and not by pri-
vate representation undertake to change, the whole
judicial system of this District. I will not say to
change the whole system, because I believe the
most important change to be effected by this bill
is simply a change of the name of the courts, for
the powers conferred on the court which is pro-
posed to be created are simply the powers of ex-
isting courts, with the exception that the bill pro-
poses to abolish the orphans' court of the District.
What is the consequence ? We may just as well
look at this thing as it really is. I do not say that
the honorable Senator from New Yoi k knows any-
thing in reference to this matter; I do not mean
to he so understood; but it is well understood else-
where that the sole object of those outside who
are advocating the passage of this bill is simply to
get clear of the present judges, and to substitute
others in their places. And yet, sir, we have had
no complaint, by petition, by remonsiiance, or
otherwise, sent to Congress against these judges.
I speak without any interest, or any cause of feel-
ing in this matter, for I have not the acquaintance
of the judges in the District, save one.
I shall regard it as a great public disaster at the
present time if the Congress of the United States
shall set the example of abolishing courts, simply
changing the name of courts, to get clear of exist-
ing judges who have the public confidence, for the
purpose of putting otheis in their places—an ex-
ample which may be still further folio wed through-
out the different States of this Union. The hon-
orable Senator who reports this bill comes from
a State, of whose bar he was an honored member,
that has had some experience in the changing of
courts and judicial systems,-and abolishing courts
simply to get new occupants of the bench. 1 am
; not aware that the judiciary of that State is not
! now learned. Once, however, it had a most learned
| judiciary, a bench that was graced and honored
| by a Kent; and yet the spirit of innovation gained
! admission into the councils of that State, and the
j authorof the Commentaries upon American Law
[ was removed, perhaps fortunately for the coun-
! try, however, as it gave him time to write those
! great commentaries which will live through all time
as wtse expositions of the principles of the com-
mon law. But I ask the Senator, by the change
of the judicial system, by the change of the tenure
of the judges, by the change of the judges them-
selves, has the administration of law and justice in
the State of New York been improved ? No, sir.
