1863,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
When the well-read American lawyer seeks to find
out and to inform himself 111 reference to whet is
law and what is not, he would rather £o to the re-
porters of the law decisions in New York before
that change was made than to look into the more
recent decisions of that State. Sir, it must be so.
When you have good judges you must necessa-
rily, by a change, iun the risk of getting worse.
Mr. President, let us be plain and frank. Sap-
pose you adopt this measure; suppose you adopt
it simply for the purpose of getting rid of the
present occupants of the bench in this District.
Parlies are fluctuating; those who are in power
to-day may not be in power to-morrow; and you
will find, unless men are more than human, that
the example you have set of striking down an
honest and faithful judiciary, honest and faithful
judges, against whom there has been no word of
complaint, will be followed ; and although it may
be true that some briefless lawyers, to whose care
the public will not intrust their interests, may be
dubbed judges, and may hold office for a short
time, you will find that those who shall succecd
you in these halls of legislation, following your
example, will remove them, and either reinstate
those whom you remove or put others in their
places.
JVIr. President, I am one of those who having,
ever since I have followed anything,followed the
profession of the law, alyvays disliked to see a
change in the persons composing the judiciary. I
have lived in a State where the law has been well,
and, as we think, wisely administered,and yet I
have practiced, all my life, nearly, before judges
differing from me in political opinions; and I
say to-day that I would never turn out a good
judge, or abolish a court to get clear of a good
judge, simply because I differed from him in po-
litical association, if he understands the law, if
he faithfully administers it, I would continue him
during good behavior, ldo not know, however,
what are the political sentiments of the judges now
on the bench in tins District. As I said before,
1 have no acquaintance with more than a single
member of the bench in this District, and I only
make the suggestion that the change is sought to
be brought about by persons in the District, who
have not made their complaints to Congress sim-
ply to get clear of the present judges, because 1
liave been so informed by gentlemen in whose
word I have confidenec. I therefore move that the
bill and amendments be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, that the bar may have an
opportunity to appear and be henid.
Mr. HA Rill S. First of all, Mr. President, I
desire to disclaim, as I do most emphatically,
being governed in the preparation of this bill by
any such motive as that which has been suggested
by the Senator fiom Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator will pardon
me. I distinctly said that I did not presume the
Senator was governed by any such motive, but
that there were persons outside of this Chamber
who I thought were. I did not suppose the Sen-
ator was.
Mr. HARRIS I would be the last man to
legislate merely for the purpose of turning a man
occupying a judicial position out of his place. 1
think i may disclaim any such motive on the part
of the Judiciary Committee who authorized this
bill to be repotted. But, sir, m this case,-iu my
judgment, it is a necessary consequence. The ju-
diciary of this District was established in 1801,and
for the last wixty years, year after year, Congress
has been patching up the system. It is compli-
cated; it is incongruous. Now, sir, whenever
any reform takes place in the judiciary, whenever
the courts of this District are reorganized, it will
follow as a necessity that the incumbents of the
offices must be displaced. In my judgment this
isa fortunate time to do tins. There is one vacancy
on the bench of the District. There is another
judge who is entirely superannuated, very aged,
I understand. That leaves but two really to be
displaced. Iftheyare worthy of t heir position—
and whether they are or not 1 jo not know; 1 do not
know one of the judges of the District, and never
have seen to my-knowledge one of them—if they
are worthy, either one or both of those that re-
main, let them be retained. 1 should be in favor
of it; and the President, no doubt, will consider the
fact that they now occupy the position in mak-
ing his nominations. 1 ivgard this as a favorable
time to make this greatly needsd change. The
bill has been constructed with a view to make a
simple, harmonious, and efficient court for this
District. 1 have not the slightest doubt, myself,
that if the bill becomes a law it will have the effect
to produce for the District such a court.
Then, sir, it has one other recommendation,
somewhat of a novelty m these limes, to be sure.
The salaries of the judges of the courts as they
are now organized in this District amount to
$15,750 a year. According to the bill as it is now
proposed, these salaries will be reduced to §12,000,
thus making a saving to the country at this par-
ticular time, when it js so much needed, of nearly
$4,000, and giving the people of the District a much
more efficient and useful court than the compli-
cated courts that have been constructed from time
to time since the organization of this District.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
from New York how he expects to get along with
a probate court and an orphans' court consisting
of four judges, each of them indifferently making
orders., one making an order one day, and another
another day, and so on. It seems to me that the
probate court ought to have one judge, and but
one judge, unless the whole four sit together.
Mr. HARRIS. I apprehend there will be no
soi t of embarrassment in that. I think I under-
stand the business of the probate court, and I do
not know why several judges may not officiate in
that court as well as in any other com t. The case
must be presented; they must understand the facts
and the law; and any judge understanding the
facts and the law would be prepared to make the
proper order. If it should be found more con-
venient that one judge should discharge the duties
ofthisparticularbrauch of jurisdiction, these four
judges will a i range that among themselves, and
assign that particular duty to some one of the
judge*. There will be no difficulty about that.
Air. COLLAMER, T ask whether the gen-
tleman, in his experience, has ever seen any four
judges called in indifferently, one after another, to
act and make orders? Did he ever see any such
probate court, or a court of any kind, where two
or three or four or five judges could be indiffer-
ently called in to hold court and make oiders?
Was there ever any such couit?
Mr. HARRIS. 1 do not know that 1 ever
knew a system where there was precisely the ar-
rangement that is here contemplated; yet 1 sec
no objection to it. Much of the business of pro-
bate courts in my own Statera very large pio-
portion of it, may be done by the supreme court.
There the judgesalternate; one judge holds a spe-
cial term this month, and another next month, and
they have jurisdiction of a large propoi lion of the
matters that come before probate courts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Appellate jurisdiction11
Mr. HARRIS. Original jurisdiction in a great
many instances. All those questions that relate
to giving secmity, soles of infants* real estate,
nnd a variety of other matters of that sort; the
jurisdiction which is usually assigned to a pro-
bate court, a large portion of it, is given to the
supreme court in my own State. H is only con-
current jurisdiction. The suirogate's court, as
we call it, has jurisdiction, and the supreme court
has concurrent jurisdiction, and exercises it very
differently. I see no difficulty in it myself.
Mr.DAVIS. Some of the membersof the pro-
fession in this city have consulted with me on the
subject of their courts, and it is their wish toad-
dress a paper to Congress on the subject of their
courts anil of any action Congress may take in
relation to them. 1 trust the Senator from New
Yotk will permit this bill to lie over for a day or
two, to give them an opportunity of making such
a communication. 1 merely as>k that they may
have an opportunity to be heaid. 1 know that
the bill is not satisfactory to any of the members
of the profession with whom 1 have conversed;
but, on the contrary, they are all opposed to it.
They wish to present a paper, expressing their
opposition, to the two Houses of Congress. I
hope that it will be agreeable to the Senator who
has reported this bill,and to its friends, to postpone
the subject for a day or two, to give an opportu-
nity for such a papT to be prepared and presented.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator ftom Delaware,
to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from New
York will allow the bill to go over, as suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky, so that the mem-
bers of the bar may have an opportunity to be
heard, 1 will withdraw my motion. s
Mr, HARRIS. At this stage of the session" I
cannot consent.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to recommit, resulted—yeas 15, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Collamer. Davis, Henderson,
Ilicks, Kennedy. Lntiyun, Nesmith, Powell, ilice, Rich-
ardson, Snulbbury, Tea E>ck,Turpie, hm\ Wilson of Mis-
souri—15.
NAY S—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Dix-
on, Fesseiiden, Foot, Fos-ter,Grimes, Harlan, Uarris, flowe,
King, Lane of Indiana. ILane of Kan a«, M«>nrUl?Pom©rf yj
Sunnier, Trumbull, Wade, Wilniot, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—^.
Mr.-POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the question of ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 made a suggestion to the
Senator from New Yotk about making an or-
phans* court and a probate court of the character
he proposes, with four independent judges to act
on the orders—we all know what they are—with-
out any appeals. They will have constant col-
lision with each other* Again, 1 understand dis-
tinctly from the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] that the members of the bar of this Dis-
trict are desirous of being heard, and wish an op-
portunity to present in writing their view as to
the occasion or want of occasion for this bill. I
understand that it is avowed that they arc not to
have the right to be heard, but the bill is to be
passed to-day because it is wo late in the session.
I think they ought to have that right, and if gen-
tlemen insist on the passage of the bill now 1 shall
vote against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wili say in reply to the
Senator from Vermont, in regard to an opportu-
nity being; afforded to present a remonstrance by
the bar of the District of Columbia, that this bill
was introduced into the Senate on the 18th day
of June last, almost a year ago, and has been pend-
ing since that time, and the proposed amendment
was reported to this body on the 12th of Febru-
ary. That was only a few days ago, to be sure;
but the original bill proposed to change the court,
and it is only the details that have been altered.
The substance of this bill was introduced into this
body almost a year ago; and if the bar of the Dis-
trict wished to object to any alteration of their
courts, they certainly have had abundant time to
do it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will merely say that I
was called upon by a leading member of the bar,
an elderly and very respectable and highly conser-
vative gentleman, who said to me that the bar had
supposed the whole matter was ended; they did
not think that anything was really going to be done
about it, it had slept so long; but recently, within
a few days, it has been called up again, and they
desire an opportunity to present their views before
this bill shall be passed. I did not suppose the bill
was to be passed in an hour or in a single afternoon;
but if it is so insisted upon, I suppose it will be
passed. It is certainly open to a suspicion that we
initiate the practice of removing the judges by
changing the court, and it needs some explanation
to my mind to show that there is a necessity for
this change, in order to clear it of the imputation
of having such a purpose. 1 take it, it can be ex-
plained what necessity there is for altering the sys-
tem,and why it is necessary to chan ge the judges
if the system be altered. 1 presume that is capable
of explanation; perhaps it does not need it; but
after what has been suggested from the other side
of the Chamber, I think it would be no more than
right and fair to give an opportunity to the bar to
be heard on the subject and present their views,
whatever they are, that we may have an opportu-
nity more fully to understand the real character
of the measure.
Mr. HARRIS. The suggestions which seem
to find favor with the Senatorfrom Kentucky,that
this bill should be recommitted for the purpose of
a! lo wi ng the bar of the District to be heard, is equiv-
alent, as will be obvious to every Senator who will
reflect a moment, to throwing this whole matter
over for this session of Congress. It will be im-
possible, after giving the bar an opportunity to be
heard in the way that is suggested, to act upon it
sufficiently so as to pass the bill at this session Jt
Congress*.
