THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1862.
New Series..,..No. 8.
tion of the country where I have witnessed some
of these so-called violations of the Constitution.
When this rebellion first broke out, the enemies
of the country were to be found not only in the
lebel States, but they were to be found scattered
all over the country, in the loyal as well as the
disloyal States. Federal judges and Federal office-
holders, civil and military, in all sections, were
identified with theenemies of the country. Never
was a conspiracy so well concocted, so deeply
i.iid, extending, as it did, in all its ramifications,
throughout the country, it required all the pow-
• rs and energies of the Government, and their
prompt and energetic exercise, to save this coun-
try from destruction. The President found that
as fast as prisoners were taken from the enemy
ihere were in office Federal judges in the North,
as well as the South, ready to turn them loose
under a writ of habeas corpus, and yet, as soon as
he assumed the responsibility of suspending the
writ of habeas corpus, as he had the right to do
under the Constitution, the cry was raised all over
the country by this party that the sacred rights
of habeas corpus guarantied in the Constitution
were about to be swept away.
Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding the opinion of
Chief Justice Taney, notwithstanding the opin-
ion of Justice Story, I am one of those who main-
tain that the President was guilty of no violation
of the Constitution in suspending the writ of ha-
beas corpus. If Justice Taney and Justice Stoiy
have given opinions adverse to the Constitution it-
self, so much the worse for them. I will adhere
to precedents only so long as those precedents are
founded on reason and truth, no farther. From
the very nature of things, the President, and the
President alone, can suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus. Why? Because the Presi-
dent, and the President alone, as the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy of this coun-
try, is required to exercise the war power of the
country in the suppression of rebellion or the re-
pelling of invasion. To these ends he may use,
and ought to use, all the means provided in the
Constitution to enable him to do so. And a sus-
pension of the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus is one of the means expressly pro\idcd by
the Constitution to enable him to perform tins
function of his office.
I shall not enter upon any elaborate argument
to prove this proposition, for time will not permit
it. I could give other reasons besides this general
proposition, which proves itself by its mere state-
ment. But the President has been heralded through-
out the North and in the border States as guilty
ofagrave violation of the Constitution of the coun-
try in this act. Sir, I am here to record it as my
deliberate judgment that in this act of the Presi-
dent there was no violation of the Constitution.
Congress was not in session, and if he had been
compelled to wait for the meeting of this body, it
would have been m vain that our Army overcame
the enemy and captured prisoners, for as fast as
they were taken there would have been found Fed-
eral judges to turn them loose to renew the fight
day after day.
Then the confiscation of rebel property has been
made another pretext for waging a war upon the !
Administration. T supported the bill which passed 1
this body at its last session foi the < onfiacation of j
rebel property, and 1 shall not at this time repeat \
the arguments which I then mldueed m support i
of it. But 1 can say to gentlemen that we of the !
border States, who have been trampled in the dust j
by the rebel hordes, meet from this organized
Democratic party not one word of sympathy.
Their sympathy must all bp expended upon our
rebel enemies. In vain do we look to them for
sympathy for the losses we have sustained by the
property that has been taken from us. No voice
is raised in our behalf. Rut when it is proposed
by law to reach the property of those rebel ene-
mies who have overrun our States upon the bor-
der, then we find the sympathy of those gentle-
men coming up for the wives and children of those
engaged in rebellion. Sir, those border State men
who have remained lovnl to the Government, and
8
jvho have thus suffered because they remained
loyal, desire to see those engaged in the rebellion
suffer the penalties of their crimes. We know,
all men know, that five hundred thousand men
cannot be hung. Every man in the rebel States
understands as well as we understand that pun-
ishment by death will not be inflicted upon them,
and that, unless we can provide some penalty by
which we can reach their property, they will es-
cape unharmed and unpunished for their crimes.
Therefore it is that they have a greater horror
for the confiscation of their property than for the
law under which they would be liable to suffer
death; for in the one case they expect the law will
be executed, and in the other that it will not.
Another instrumentality that this organized
party has used against this Government is the
tax law. Not that they contend that it is not ne-
cessary that the people should be taxed to sus-
tain the expenses of the war, but they hold up
this tax law in the same spirit in which Marc
Antony held up the bloody robes of Ccesar; be-
cause thereby they could aggravate and excite the
people to opposition. And so, m opposing what-
ever means the Executive has thought neeessaiy
to use for the suppression of this lebelliou, they
look to the Ceesar of party,and not to the safety
of Rome.
In regard to the financial condition of the coun-
try, too, thi.s party have been actively engaged in
stirring up the people to opposition. Speeches
have been delivered in this House calculated to
impress the public mind with the belief that our
public debt is beyond the hope of redemption; that
the people must for all time be burdened with im-
mense, intolerable taxation. Such may, unfortu-
nately, be too true; but those who have gotten up
this rebellion, and who have been the means of
entailing those expenses upon us, are responsible
for all the wrong that has been committed and all
the burdens we have to bear. They are respons-
ible for every drop of blood that has been shed,
for every crime that has been perpetrated, and for
every irregularity that has been practiced.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have enumerated some of the
means used by tins organized party to oppose this
war. It is true that they all contend that they aie
for a vigorous prosecution of the war, and that
they aie lor the restoration of the Union: but at
the same time they adopt precisely the means cal-
culated to discourage our own people, and to give
encouragement and strength to the enemy. They
are precisely the means that have been adopted
by tlie anti-war party during every war through
which we have passed. 1 have before me now
extracts from a remonstrance sent up by a major-
ity of the Massachusetts Legislature dining the
war of ldI2, that iilnstuitrs to the letter the posi-
tion now assuiiu d by this party to which I lefer.
I am not calling the majority of the Massachu-
setts Legislature to judgment upon this oreasion;
judgment has been passed upon them by the peo-
ple of this country; but I propose to show that
the majority of that Legislating, in their opposi-
tion to the wor of isr2, founded their opposition
upon precisely the same pretexts that are now
made use of to oppose this war, and that they used
the same instrumentalities for eupphng the Gov- i
eminent in the piose-ution of the war that are |j
being now um d for the same purpose. I have }j
before nv extracts, both from the remonstrance of ij
the majority and from the views of the minority j|
of the Massachusetts Legislature, in reference to [|
the war of The majonty say:
" ft wa^ U!ijti*-i: beenu-se the evidence avoided by tiic
promp* iepc<i! of tin onie^ in council oiiL'lit to have ^ati^-
Sled it-* 11 Kit (in at I.i itaia \\ a- fcinecieh di spuM-d ro main-
tain ;u,ii pjc-cive relaf.ou-. with the tinned States:
and all w ai- ate unjust, the object or winch can !><. attained
by negotiation.''
Now, compare that with the dpcbrations of
the Democratic party, that this war is mi|ust be-
cause it could have been avoided by the adoption
of the Crittenden proposition. They go 011 to say; •
"It was unjust; becati-e the whole history of our diplo-
matie inteiemiise with Gieat Britain fciiows that we never
induced her to believe tliot weconsideted the impressment
of her own seamen, on board oui merchant ship5*, as rea-
sonable ground of war; and we bad never offered her the
alternative of war or a relinquishment of the practice.
" It was unjust; because the pretensions and claims on
the one bide and the other, although attended with difficul-
ties, were not irreconcilable. Great Britain did not claim
the right to impie&s our native seamen. She disavowed the
practice in ail cases when the fact was made known to her-
She restored on legal evidence—she had recently offered to
return all who were of that description, of whom a list
should b<* furnished by our Government4, and she had many
j ear* before made such offers of fair and amicable arrange-
ment of tins whole subject as to two distinguished mem-
ber of our present Cabinet appeared f both honorable and
advantageous'
41 it was unjust; because we had not previously taken aH
reasonable steps on our j>art to remove her complaints of the
seduction and employment of her seamen. This is made
manifest by the conduct of the same Congress which de-
clined the war, they having admitted the piopriety of ob-
viating those complaints by an act passed subsequent to
the commencement of hostilities." * * * *
" With all the means of information furnished, by every
motive of (Inly, and eveiy inducement of inteiest, we are
contained to cay that this evil of impressment has been
grossly exaggerated; that we have reason to believe an hon-
es-t and fair piopo-al, a  honestly and fairly executed, to
exclude the subject^ of Gi eat Bi itamfrom the service would
have much moic effectually relieved our own seamen and
more essentially advanced their interest than a resort to
war; that the tiite interests of the United States coincide
with the policy adopted by all other countries; and that we
should be nioie independent, our seamen better protected,
and our countiv eventually more prosperous, by renoun-
cing altogether the pretension of screening and employing
British heamen."
Having thus set forth the grounds upon which
they held the war to be unjust, this remonstrance
proceeds, in a style with which we have recently
been made familiar, to charge upon the Admin-
istration of Mr. Madison secret and ulterior mo-
tives, as follows:
" Having thus found the avowed causes of the war, and
e*peei<ill\ the motive for a perseverance in it, so wholly in-
adequate to justify the adoption of that policy, we have
been obliged to icsort to other and moie concealed motives.
We cannot, howevci, without the most conclusive evi-
dence, believe, a* though the measures and language of some
highpublic functionaries indicate the fact that ainbition and
not justice j a last of conquest and not a defense of endan-
gered rights, arc amon% the real causes of perseverance in
our present hostilities.^^
Now," Mr. Chairman, let any gentleman take
this proposition laid down by the Massachusetts
Legislature and compare it with what is claimed
here in regard to the real objects of the war—to
wit, the univeisal abolition of slavery in the Uni-
ted Slates—and they will find the parallel perfect.
They undertook to ascribe to the Administration
of Madison a lust of concjuest, ambition, and ul-
terior secret motives, precisely in the same manner
as politicians now undertake to ascribe to this
Administration the design, in the prosecution of
the war, to abolish slavery throughout the United
States, and not to restore the Union.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I would like any reason-
able man to take these charges laid down by the
majority of that Legislature, and compare them
with what we hear in tins House and in the other
end of the Capitol, and what appears in the Oppo-
sition press throughout the country, in regard to
oui faiiuie to do what wc should have done in the
first instance to satisfy these gentlemen of the
South. This remonstrance goes on to say:
" rn-tanees of military oppression have aheady occurred
among ; a watchful people, jealous of their rights, must
have observed some attempts to contiol their eleeiion aud
to prostrate the cicil authorities.
How like what we have seen and heard since
this rebellion broke out1 The present opposition
to the war presents itself precisely in the shape
it did in 181:2. First, the war might have been
avoided; second, the motives of the Administra-
tion assailed: and third, the dangers and oppres-
sions of military rule are invoked to alarm the
people.
But, Mr. Chairman, the war party in the Mas-
sachusetts Legislature protested against this un-
patriotic remonstrance; and let them pronounce
now judgment upon the men who arc imitating
the anti-wor party of 1 S352.
Here is what they say:
" Who that is American can but feel indignant to hear it
stated by the Legislature of a State that we ought to have
rcbi-kd the French decrees agiceablj to the demand of the
Briiif.li Government? That we have seduced her seamen
from their allegiance, and that we have invaded the terri-
tory ot a peacelul mid unoffending neighbor? Where ja th«
