114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBg.
December 17,
man who values his reputation, who would not indignantly
©OWnat the insinuation, that war was waged from motives
of ambition or lust of conquest? That we are leagued with
France to oppress the European Nations, and that oar Gov-
ernment have established a chain of military posts to pros-
trate the eivil to the military authority ? And what man,
not altogether exclusively British, can, without the deep-
est mortification, read a remonstrance which, in time of
war and pending negotiation, takes the enemies' ground,
tnpports their claims, and justifies their aggressions? We
assure Congress and the people of the United States that
we utterly protest against the statements and principles
Contained in that humiliating remonstrance- It appearsto
us too much like the attempt of a disappointed and malig-
nant faction, who, to obtain power, would trample on the
rights and liberties of their country. We do not, however,
apprehend that any faction in this country have either the
power or the nerve to effect a purpose of this sort. We ;
trustand sinceroly believe that the people would lesist and j
effectually suppress every attempt to weaken or sever our j
bond of Union. We are aware that it is in times ofcalamity j
and war that ambitious and designing men will be templed to |
stir tip the people to oppositibn and rebellion. But we are |
assured that a large majority of the people of this State 1
would, at the hazard of their lives and fortunes, re&ist all (
opposition to the laws and Government of their countiy.5'
are called upon to exert themselves through their
constituted authorities to preserve themselves as
a nation, they have a right to exercise, through
their constituted agents, all necessary powers to
accomplish that object. Therefore it is that I, in
instances where I can find no express provision
of the Constitution authorizing an act, exercise
my best judgment to determine the question
whether that act be necessary to the great end at
which we all ought to be aiming, whether we are
or not; and if I can answer upon my conscience
in the affirmative, I say that the act is justifiable.
It is upon this idea that I hold that this Govern-,
mentmay confiscate rebel property, and may seize,
hold, keep, and deprive the rebels of their slaves,
if it be necessary to the accomplishment of the
great end in view.
Sir, i nm 110 fanatic on this question of slavery.
I have been reared in its midst, and accustomed
to it all the days of my life; and so long as its
existence in its present form involves no danger
Sir, is it necessary, after reading these extracts 11 to the Republic, so long I hold that it ought to be
showing the views and practices of the anti-war
a of 1812, and how'they were looked upon
3 war party, to offer any comment whatever?
ft is too plain to be seen that the same role is now
being played by the respective parties in this coun-
try in regard to the present war. No plausible
pretexts or excuses, no errors or wrongs of our
Government will cover up the great fact that must
and will go down to posterity, that there is a party
here, in the midst of a terrible and uncertain war,
turning aside from the great paramount duties we
all owe to the Government in such a crisis, to en-
gage in a struggle for political power, although a
nation's life may pay the penalty of such a strug-
gle.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman from Missouri will allow me, 1 wish to say
this: that if he desires ii> any way to give dignity
and chara'cter to men whose policy he and 1 alike
condemn—the peace Democrats of the country—
he could in no way so elevate and ennoble them
in the eyes of good men and true in New England j
to-day,as to identify thi'in wi'li the Federalistsof ;
New England. I do not hesitate to declare that j
a more pure-minded, honent, and patriotic party
never lived in any country or in any age. !
Mr. NOELL. I stated, before 1 read th  ex- ;
tracts, that I would undertake to show that the j
present organized Democratic party were not 1
maintaining the principles and practices of De- •
mocracy. 1 disclaimed, at the outset, ar.y design \
to call into judgment the men who had signed the !
remonstrance. My proposition was that thepo- j
sition of the present Democratic anti-war party j
in this country was identical with that of the i
anti-war party of 1812, and I think the extracts I '■
have read fully establish that proposition. As to j
whether the Federal party of Massachusetts is the ,
most honest party that ever existed in the world, .
1 expressed no opinion. 1 declined to bring that ;
party into judgment. i       r..l   
Mr. Chairman, we have a class of politicians j! an enduring peace. And it" the existence of Afri-
| tolerated and protected, as other property is, by the
local laws of the State; but that the moment it be-
comes an elementof national destruction, the mo-
ment we have to choose between national death
and the death of slavery, that moment slavery
ought to die. I am for a restoration of the Union,
and I am for the restoration of the States to their
original positions in the Confederacy. But, sir,
we all know that the institution of slavery, if not
the cause of the rebellion, has been a most potent
element—a means of breeding and prosecuting
this rebellion. Hence, sir, in the process of re-
storing the Union, I would place it in a position
where it would have to obey, and where it could
never again command in this Government. I am
for the restoration of the Union on these terms,
and I am for prosecuting this war by all the phys-
ical means within our reach, until we subjugate
the men who have raised the arm of rebellion
against this Government.
I am not, as rny distinguished friend from Illi-
nois [Air. Kiciiardsok] intimated that he was, in
his speech the other day, for compromise with
white r.icn, if it he that class of men who arc en-
gaged in this wicked rebellion. Iam for compro-
"mise with 110 set of men who have undertaken to
destroy this Government short of absolute sub-
mission upon their part, and whatever the mag-
nanimity and generosity of this Government may
dictate as just and right towards them. And when
I say this, I think I speak the real sentiments of
the straight-out unconditional Union men of the
border States. I know that 1 speak the sentiments
of the unconditional Union men of my o\v n district.
They have tasted the fruits of this war. Their
homes and their firesides have been desolated;
they have felt the oppressor's arm; they have suf-
fered the conscqaences of this rebellion; and they
are for no restoration of the Union short of sub-
mission to the authority of the nation, and short of
a restoration that will bring hack a perpetual and
_,, „} . \  .•   
here who are continually finding fault with the ex-
ercise of the necessary powers by this Govern-
ment for the suppression of the rebellion. I know
that the Constitution of the United States was not
framed in full contemplation of the present condi-
tion of things. The framers of that instrument
never anticipated that we .should at this day be en-
gaged in the struggle - hit now hangs upon ns;anri
therefore it is that the Constitution not enter
into detail in regard :o r.ii the measures that may
he necessary to carry vs safely through the strug-
£ie-
But, sir, of one thing we are assured, that the
con slavery in the border States or elsewhere is ;
I hereafter to become an element of political power
! in tin's Government, and by combinations North
, ana South to be used as a means of raising up or
1 razing down public men, I think I can say with I
truth that the oppressed, downtrodden men of the j
border States are for no such restoration as that. j
Hence \> is, fir, that I early took ground in favor !
of the scheme of border State emancipation—a i
scheme which, perhaps, cut quite yi; large a figure !
in the rccent elections in some of the northern ■
States 03 any other measure. [ am informed-
mdeeu, 1 know the fact from public sneeches :
people of the United States have a right to live as j: from what I have rend m the public newspapers—
a nation, and they have a right to us® the means
necessary to save this nation's life. And who is
it that exercises the powers of this Government,
after all ? It is the people of the United States,
and not a king. When the Congress r>f the Uni-
ted States speaks in its legislative capacity, it .s
the voice of the people. It is not Congress, u
is the voice of the people speaking through thur
constituted agents. When the judiciary^of this
country expounds the Constitution and the laws,
and decides cases, it is the judgment of the people.
When the executive arm is raised to strike down
rebellion, and to execute the laws, it is the blow
of the people; it is the hand of the people col-
lectively that enforces the blow upon the rccusont
members of t!n> eommu >?y; ard when the nropio
the public mind in the northern Status w;
;j i.::pros&ed by ingenious and able political lead-
j! e:s 7,-uh the idea that the people of th.* fVe- States
ij w:ro to bo r,addled with a debt of $1,000,000,090,
[j and bunbned whh to nation forever, for the pur-
;■ po"-;e of paying for emancipated rlaves. Nov/, I
i fi say that ^100,000,000, according io
the present cash value of slaves, will pay for ev-
'i erv £ 'av> that belongs to a loyal man in the States
of Kentucky, .M-.uyh'nd, and Missouri. I believe
!j that $10,000,000 will pay, at the price of §300
j each, for th? last slave in the State of Missouri
that belongs to a loyal man in that State. That
jj is my deliberate opinion; and I contend that so
far from its becoming a burden upon the people
of the £^o.fes, it ^-owld poovomv in them
to adopt this schcmc of emancipation. Why, sir,
the expenses of this war for three months would
more than pay for every slave that belongs to a
loyal man in all the border States. The North-
west has already lost more by the obstruction of
the navigation of the Mississippi river, and the
interruption of its commerce and business, in dol-
lars and cents, than would have paid for all the
slaves in the States of Kentucky,Maryland, and
Missouri. Hence, in my judgment, the use
which has been made of this scheme by politi-
cians in the northern States was uncalled for and
unjustifiable. Yet the people were alarmed at it,
and were taught to believe that they would be
saddled with an overwhelming public debt for
the purpose of paying for the emancipated slaves
of the border States.
Mr. Chairman, in announcing these opinions,
I am aware that I am but following humbly in the
footsteps of other and greater men. I know, sir,
that others, who occupy a higherand prouder po-
sition in this country than myself, have preceded
me upon the ground that I have taken. Among
the number I may be permitted to name the noble
and lamented Douglas, who, in the very lastdays
of his life, although, like myself, a Democrat, de-
clared that in this struggle there could be but two
parties—the one for and the other against the coun-
try. I stand with such men as Andrew Johnson,
of Tennessee, and Joseph Holt, of Kentucky.
There may be butfewof us; but few though there
may be, I would notexchange the place that I oc-
cupy upon the rccords of my country in this hour
of her peril for all tho positions and places that
could be heaped upon me, if obtained by pander-
ing to a morbid and depraved public sentiment.
Sir, I yield my whole heart and my whole alle-
giance to my Government; not that f believe that
this Government does right in all things; no hu-
man system, no human institutions can ever ac-
complish thus much; but I yield it because it is
my Government, handed down to me by my fore-
fathers, and because I owe my allegiance to that
G«ive) niTjfnt. I will look upon its faults and er-
rors with a favorable eye, and apologize for them,
if need be, while I look upon the conduct and acts
of the enemies of the country in a far different
light. I will not lend myself to any scheme cal-
culated to bring strife among our people; to divide
and sever us in our councils; to weaken and un-
nerve the arm of the Government in this terrible
war, and to strengthen and encourage the arm of
our enemy. In taking th:s position, I represent
the border State men—the Union men of the bor-
der States. We have a class of men in those States
that occupy quite a different position; men who
were engaged in passing secession resolutions at
the beginning of these troubles; who were found
holding caucuses in our Legislatures, and meeting
commissioners from the confederate States; rais-
ing rebel flags, and shouting huzzas for Jeff Da-
vis. These gentlemen, after they found that their
schemes were balked, and that there was no pos-
sibility of their succeeding in the border States, all
subsided into conservativesandUnion Democrats.
I undertake to say that m the recent elections in
Missouri there was not a man who had engaged
in this secession work, who had ever been will-
ingly present at the raising of the rebel flag? who
had ever been with the army of Price or Jeff
Thompson, who had ever been caucusing with
secessionists, who did not vote the conservative
or Union Democratic ticket. That was the posi-
tion which they occupied. 1 do not stand with
them. In the canvass in which I was recently
engaged, I declared that i did not wish their
support—that if I were elected by their votes, I
would resign my seat. I would not stain myself
with their support in any shape or form; and
therefore I do'not stand with that class of men,
but for my country, my whole country, for per-
pctuahumon and unbroken nationality.
Mr. YEA MAN obtained the fioor.
Mr. STEVENS. X desire to move that the
committee rise and take a vote on these resolu-
tions. After that is done, 1 will move to go again
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and give the gentleman from Kentucky an
opportunity to make his speech.
Mr. TEAMAN. I will yield the floor with
that understanding.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the resolutions to thw IIouso.
Thft motion was agreed to.
