1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
appointed hy this act for the current and next fiscal years
"be paid out of any moneys in the Trcasuiy not otherwise
appropriated.
Amend the title so that it will rend : "An net to provide
for the appointment ot an AfM^tant Register in the Trea&uiy
Department and a Solicitor for the War Dcpaitment, and
for other pnrpo.-es."
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendments will
be concurred in, and I call for tho previous ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
like to ft sic tho gentleman from Pennsylvania what
are the duties assigned to' the Solicitor of the War
Department? Is there any provision of law by
which these duties are defined ?
Mr. STEVENS. Theie is no specific provis-
ion, but the Secretary of War, who, as we all
know, is a very able lawyer, informs us that so
many legal questions arise, not only with regard
to contracts but to various other matters, that lie
finds it impossible for him to examine them.
Mr. DAWES. Do you allude to the late Sec-
retary of War ?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; the late Secretary
of War did not need a Solicitor. But the present
Secretary of War has found it necessary to em-
ploy a gentleman in this capacity, relying1 upon
Congiess to authorize the act. 1 do not know the
gentleman, but 1 understand that lie is a very com-
petent man. He gives advice upon all legal ques-
tions that arise in the Department. This amend-
ment merely proposes to legalize his employment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is he to
have any duties connected with this matter of
arrests, for an officer is already employed for that
purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that he has.
I think Mr. Holt attends to that.
Mr. WiCKLlFFE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make an inquiry of the chairman of the commit-
tee. J did not hear his remarks in explanation
of this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hoar the inquiry.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What is the name of the
lawyer or counsel employed by the Secretary of
War?
Mr. STEVENS. I think his name is Whit-
ney, The Secretary of War can only give him
the pay of a clerk, but lie leallyactsas counselor.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. He !S the same man who
wrote a book in reply to Judge Curtis's treatise
on executive power, justifying the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, and tlieissuin^the proc-
lamation of emancipation. This office, 1 suppose,
is intended as his just reward.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannotsay as to his writ-
ing a book. I am not able to read as much as
the gentleman from Kentucky. [Laughte>.]
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I want u> know if
it is not a vp) y good book?
Mr. STEVENS. I can say. by instinct, that
it is a very good boolc. [Laughter.J 1 now in-
sist on the pievious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordeied.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendments of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimarivc—y<*ns 80, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Be.unan, Bingham. Jacob B Blair. BiaUe, William
G Blown, Buffinton, Campbell, Ca«ey,Chamberlain, Clem-
ents, Colfax, Fiederiek A. Conkhng. Ilo<coe Conkling,
Conwav, Davi*, Dane-, Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaids,
Eliot. Ely, Feritnn, Samuel C Ffs^enden, Thorns A. D.
Fe^enden, Franchot. Finnk, Goodwin, Granger, Gurley,
II n I in, liaizht, Hickman, Hooper, Hutch ins, Julian, Kelky,
William Kollocs:,Le:uy, Lcl:innii,Lo<niiis, Low, Mcindoe,
MoKean, MeKmjrht, McPhei&on, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Nixon. Noell, Ohn, Piko, Pomerov, Poiter, Alexander It.
Rio*, John H. Iiice, R,dtllo, Edward II. Rollins Buigent,
Sedgwielc, Pegai, Shanks, ShellaD.irger, Sherman, Sloan,
SpaulduiL', St< ven.s, Francis Thomas Trowbridge, Van
Valkenbuigh, Van W\ck, Vei ice, Wallace, VValron,\Vas.h-
biirne, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Wintlom. and
Woicester—86.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Calvert. Cox,
Cravens. Gridei, Hall, Iluidin?, Itoljnan, Johnson, Knapp,
Law, May, Moru^, Nnhle, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton,
1'eny, kohiie-ou, 3h< fiield, SiuH, Smith, Stiles, VaHnndijj
ham, Wad.-worih, Whuley, Chilton A. White, Wu,khffe,
and Woodruff—3>).
So the amendments of the Senate were agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
bill of the House No. 762, to change the times of
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
States for tho distiict of Indiana; and bill of the
House No. 707, making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repair of certain
foitifications and other works of defense, for the
year ending 30th June, 18G4.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 452) regulating; tho appointment of
midshipmen to the Naval Academy;
An act (No. 518) for the relief of Charles F.
Anderson; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 130) to compensate the
crew of the United States steamer Monitor for
clothing and other property lost in the public ser-
vice.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was bill of the House No. 634, giving aid to the
State of Missouri for the purpose of securing the
abolishmentof slavery in said State?returned from
the Senate with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
Mr. NORTON. 1 rise to a question of order.
I submit that the bill makes an appropriation, and
that, under the rules, it must first be considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I rely upon the precedent set in the case
of the Pacific railroad bill, to which i would call
the attention of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have read a
section of law bearing upon this question, and
upon which his decision is based.
The Clerk read from the Statutes at Large (vol.
10, page 2i!2) the following:
l{ Sec. !).  1nd be it further cnactcJ, That the Secretary
of the Tieasury be, and he is herebvj authorized to purchase
at the cuirent maiket price any ot the outstanding stocks
of the United St.itey as ho may'think ukw advisable, Irom
any Jriiiplus tnmbni the Treasury: Provided, That the bal-
ance in ilio Trea*uiy shall not at any tuno bo reduced be-
low £6,0U(l,000."
Th'1 SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman to refer to the precedent in the case of
the French spoliation bill.
Mr. NORTON. No, sir; the Pacific railroad
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
this point has been laised twice since he has oc-
cupied the chair; and in accordance with the two
piecedcnts set in those eases, and on tho ground
that if bonds are issued by the Government with-
out any provision being made by Congress for
their redemption, the Secretary can take money
out of the Treasury to redeem them, the Chan-
decides that this hill makes an appropriation of
money.
Mr. NOELL. I ask permission to say one
word upon the point of order.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to debate on
the point of order unless it he general.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Who has the floor?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I claim the floor
to make a motion when the point of order is dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
point of order is well taken; and that the bill must
have Us first e.onsideiation in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to refer the
bill, with the amendment, to the select committee
which reported it.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit t hat the bill goes at once to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that no
motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. The rule is, that unless some
motion be made the bill goes of itself to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
But a motion for reference h in order, although,
as the Choir decided m a similar case the other
day, no debate can be allowed upon such a mo-
tion except as to the propriety of the reference.
Mr. COX. Will it be in order for me to follow
up that rnofon with a motion to lay the bill on the
table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has not the floor. The gentleman fiom Indiana
[Mr. White] moves to lecommit the bill to the
select committee on emancipation. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cox] makes *he point of
order that the motion cannot be made, as the bill
£ocs of necessity, and, without further action, to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The Chair overrules the point of order.
The question of reference is before the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the motion 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose. The gentleman from In-
diana has the floor.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I had very much
hoped, Mr. Speaker, that this measure—a meas-
ure of peace 
The SPEAKER. The merits of the bill are
not now open to discussion—only the question of
reference.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I am not going to
discuss the merits of the bill; and I shall not speak
to the reference of it in a way to invite any reply.
I had hoped, I say, that this measure, which I re-
garded as perhaps the only hopeful measure be-
fore the country, the only one that promises a
peaceful solution of the great difficulties that be«et
the country 
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
must confine his remarks'to the question of refer-
ence.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I hoped that it would
not have excited, even for a moment, the feelings
of my friend on the right, [Mr. Kellogg, of Illi-
nois,] or his opposition to the motion of reference.
I now renew my motion to lecommit this bill,
with the amendment of tho Senate, to the select
committee which reported it. On that motion I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 now raise the
question of order that the select committee, hav-
ing made its repoit, has ceased to exist, and that
it is not in order to refer a subject to a committee
which has no existence.
The SPEAKER. The reference of a subject
to a select committee which has expired, though
having reported, revives that committee. Tlmt
has been repeatedly held.
Mr. NOELL. May i be permitted to state, as
a question of fact 
The SPEAKER. TheChairoverrulesthepoint
of order as a question of parliamentary law. If
the gentleman from Missouri desires to state any
question of fact bearing on the subject, the Chair
has no objection.
Mr. NOELL. I simply desired tosay thatsince
the bill was reported by the select committee, sev-
oral piopositions have been referred to that com-
mittee, which revived it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit that the
report by a select committee is a discharge of that
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that that point is raised here. The question is,
whether this bill can be recommitted. The Chair
holds that the reference of a subject to it revives
a select committee after it has reported.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, when Mr. Orr was Speaker, the ques-
tion was raised after the reference had been made.
The Speaker held that it was too late to raise the
point of older, because the House had, by refer-
ring the subject, revived the committee. But it
required the action of the House, in referring the
bill, to revive that committee. I now submit that,
no action having been taken, this selectcommittee
is not m existence. The point of order is, there-
fore, in time; and I submit that, there being no
such committee, it is out of order to move a ref-
erence to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask the ques-
tion, whether the House could not refer this bill
to a select committee, without naming any, and
whether it would not be the duty ot the Speaker
in that case to appoint one? But if the House
specifies the committee, as in this case, the com*
nuttee is already formed and the subject is referred
to it. The Chair refers to page 53 of Barclay's
Manual.'
*• The report being made, the committee la dissolved, and
