1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
would consent to the passage of the bill—that it
could only cover twenty-five hundred men, and it
was found out that it was going on to cover many
thousands of cases, and that under it millions of i|
money were to be expended, and then the mover |j
of it himself offered a resolution to repeal it; but ;
whether or not the repealing; resolution was passed,
I do not know; it was veiy late in the session, j!
In these times, when we cannot get money enough i|
to pay our troops absolutely in the field—many !i
of them are months in arrear—and when our 11
ospects are certainly for the future anything but
rilliant in regard to being able to get money on
any reasonable terms, we ought, I think, to be
very careful about this kind of legislation, and I
hope my friend from Iowa will consent to have
it properly examined. I have no idea that any-
body will be opposed to it, if it is intended and
designed and calculated and contrived only to
meet the case which he has suggested.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall be thankful to the Sen-
ator from Maine if he will point out the difficulty '|
that is likely to arise. ji
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot do that. I have j!
no time. It comes up here in a hurry. i'
Mr. GRIMES. 1 ha ve written it as carefully
as i know how to wnte. In the first place, it
grants this bounty to nobody except to "three
years" men or during tho wai" men; and it
only grants the same privilege to them that we
have conferred on all other soldiers under exist- :!
ing laws. What do we do under existing laws ? !j
We say thrall men between the ages of eighteen !j
and forty-five who enlist m our service, and will |i
remain in it a certain period of time, shall be en- ||
titled to a bounty, a part to be paid in advance, !'
and a part when they are discharged. The men j;
are raised under the authonty of the respective
States*. This amendment merely provides that
when then* shall be, oi where there has been, a
tegimcnt raised outside of the law, under the au-
thority and by the direction of the Secretary of
War, composed of three years men or during the
war men, they shall stand upon the same footing
with those who were raised specifically under the ;
law, and who were between those ages. That is \
the whole of it. My sole purpose in offering it is :
to get these men the bounty to which they arc -
justly entitled. They have left their homes, and ji
have left their families, in many instances, in a 1
destitute condition. I want to get it through at an j,
eaily day. If (here is any oilier bill to which it !'
can be more appropriately attached, I am willing i:
to withdraw it from this and attach it to that. |
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can with-
draw it as an amendment, and offer it as a scp-
aiate bill, and let it go to the Committee on Mill- •
tary Affairs, and he can explain the matter to them.
That would be the proper course. ji
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We will jj
report it immediately. [
Mt. GRIMES. Well, sir, upon the statement j!
of the chairman of the Committee on Military 1
Affairs, that he will report it immediately, I with-
draw the amendment, and I shall introduce the /
measure as a bill. !,
■She VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment j:
is withdrawn. The bill is still open to amend-
ment. i1
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is a j;
very brief bill, and the object of its passage at !'
this time is to facilitate the discharge of disabled j1
soldiers m our general hospitals and convalescent i|
camp,6;. It is estimated that we have at the pres- •'
ent time at least ten thousand men in the hospitals
of the country who will never be able to render ;<
any service to the Government hereafter, who 'j
desire to be discharged, and who would be dis- '
charged if they could be examined. The cost of ;,
maintaining and suppoiting these men is very
large. I have therefore brought the s>ubje<-,t be- |
fore the Senate. W« have recommendations from
the Surgeon G-eneral m his annual report in favor i
of the increase of the medical corps of the Army, ;
and early action is desired on that subject; but I .
do not desire to bring those things into this bill. \
We shall have a bill before us in a few days in i
regard to the medical department of the Army, ij
covering some important provisions. This hill b
is a plain and simple thing in itself. The object is j]
to have medical inspectors appointed to examine j!
the hospitals and the convalescent camps, When 'I
we passed an act appointing medical inspectors [\
last session, it was intended that they should at- ..
tend to this business; but they have not done it,
for the reason that they have had other duties to
perform which forbade their attending to this.
I do not believe that one hundred men have been
discharged by those inspectors throughout the
whole country. I am told by some of them that
they have never discharged a man, nor have they
had time to make the examinations.
If these additional officers are appointed, and
attend to this business specially, I believe the
saving they can make to this country will exceed
four million dollars annually. I have had esti-
mates sent to me by medical men, who say they
have reflected on this subject and examined it,
that we are losing from five to ten million dol-
lars a year because we do not early and promptly
examine and discharge from the service men whom
we are compelled finally to discharge from it; and
it is a great burden to these men. I believe that
we have to-day in and about the city of Washing-
ton, and in the convalescent camps, several thou-
sand men whooughtto be immediately discharged,
and who would be discharged if the proper officers
could examine their cases and attend to that busi-
ness. This bill simply provides for the appoint-
ment of these inspectors, and dirccts that they
shall make" regular and frequent inspections of all
military general hospitals and convalescent camps,
and shall, upon each such inspection, designate
to the surgeons in charge of such hospitals or
camps, ail soldiers who may be, in their opinion,
fit subjects for discharge from the service on sur-
geon't. certificate of disability, or sufficiently re-
covered to be returned to their regiments for duty."
In addition to the number of men who ought
to be discharged from the service, we have got
several thousand men in the hospitals of the coun-
try,and especially in the convalescent camps, who
ought to be with their regiments. I believe that
in the convalescent camp at Alexandria, contain-
ing thirteen or fourteen thousand men, there are
several thousand who ou£>ht to be with their regi-
ments. Some of them have bem there for weeks
and months. There are other persons there who
are unfit for duty, who never can be fit for duty,
who ought to be thoroughly examined and dis-
charged from the service. There are others who
may become well if properly taken care of.
This, sir, is the object of the bill now before
the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. I am in favor of the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs, and
think it a most valuable and necessary one; but
J wish to propose an amendment which I think
will make it even a little more efficient than it now
is; and that is in the eleventh and twelfth lines
of the second section of the bill to strike out the
words, " under such regulations as may be here-
after established.'' That part of the section now
reads:
And the medical inspecting officers are hereby empow-
ciod, uiulei such rc?ru!;iit<ms as may be hereafter estab-
lished, to direct the return to duty, or the discharge fiom
the service, as the case may be, of ail soldiers designated
by them.
I wish to strike out the words, " under such
regulations as may be hereafter established," in
order to avoid any possibility of ciicumlocution;
to have the medical officers empowered at once to
order the discharge or the return to duty. I have
had a very little experience in regard to the trouble
of getting a soldier admitted to be entirely dis-
abled and unfit for duty, discharged, and it took
about ten days after his descriptive papers, which
had been lost, were found and placed m his hands
in the hospital. He had been in the hospital since
the 2Gih of {September, his descriptive list having
been lost, and he was kept until Tuesday of tins
week. His descriptive papers weie found about
ten days as;o, and a pretty active individual de-
voted his time constantly from that period till
Tuesday last to get the man discharged. In con-
sequence of the regulations, the paper having to
be passed from this office to that, and then back,
and then to another, it took ten days of constant
and diligent attention to g'U that one man dis-
charged. My object is simply to g^t rid of the
circumlocution, and to give to the medical officer
the power at once, without oiicufnjocn.ion, either
to send the man to duty or discharge him. I think
it is certainly better. I move, therefore, to strike
out those words,
Mr. CLARK. I agree f ntir*'h with the object
proposed by the Senator from Connecticut. I
have had a great deal of difficulty of the kind to
which he alludes, and 1 have seen the reluctance
with which these medical officers will di^chargsa
soldier. I gotjso provoked one day that Itold^he
of them that I would rather undertake to get Biv«t
out of hell than to get one of these raenlout of their -
hands. [Laughter.] Not five days ago a soldier
entirely broken down, with an ankle so-that' he
could hardly hobble upon it, found himself in the
streets of this city. He was not in any hospital.
I applied to the Secretary of War to know what •
should be done with the man. "Go," said he>
u to the military governor of the District, anil have
him sent to the medical director, and he will put
' him into hospitaland have him discharged." Isefti
him, with as kind a letter as I could write, to the
governor of the District. He sent him to the
j medical director.* What did the medical director
j do ?>Turnedhim into the street; would not listen
I to him. " But," said the man,i( here is a letter
i from Mr. Clark." " I cannot help that," was the
j reply; " I cannot attend to you." I had to take
j that man the next day under my own direction,
go with him to the Surgeon General, and get an
order to put him into a hospital. I followed him
into the hospital, went into the hospital with
him, found the surgeon in charge, and made him
promise that he would see that the man was dis-
charged if his case was sufficient, and the man
was discharged in the course of the day. You
have got to stand right square by him.
I tell you, Mr. President, andt I tell Senators
that this bill does not go far enough. It docs notdo
enough in providing that the men shall be pointed
out to the surgeons. The surgeons will not dis-
charge them when they are pointed out. Why,,
sir, in a camp not far from your city there are
ten thousand disabled men, and the medical offi-
cers have been living on the rations of the soldiers
and saving their own. I get that from testimony
which cannot be disregarded; and it is time tho
.world should know it, and that these men should
be made to perform their duty. You give tickets
of admission to a hospital, and have an examina-
tion of these disabled soldiers. They are formed
in a line in some of your hospitals for an exami-
nation, and they wait for days. Sick men cannot
stand there. They are obliged to go and lie down
and die in their camps, because they have not
strength enough to get a discharge. You want
somebody to follow these men. You wantto make
it the duty of the inspectors to see that these men
arc discharged, and to follow them through. I
hope that the amendment will prevail, and any-
other that shall make this bill efficient to accom-
plish its purpose.
Mi. GRIMES. Tho bill does sot accomplish
that at all.
Mr. CLARK. I am afraid it does not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur with what has
been said as to the propriety of some measure to
discharge soldiers who arc unfit for duty; but I
do not see the necessity of the second section of
this bill. The law, as it now stands, if I under-
stand it, makes it the duty of these medical in-
spectors to do the very thing required of them by
this bill. I will read the third section of the act
passed on the 16th of April last, "to reorganize
and increase the efficiency of the medical depart-
ment of the Army:"
u Src. o. And he it further enactcd. That there shall bo
eight medical inspectors, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ment? each of a lieutenant colonel of ea\alry, and who
shall be charged with the duty of inspecting the sanitary
condition of transports, q-uarters, and camps, of field and
general hospitals, and who shall report to tlie medical in-
spector gcneial, under such regulations as maj be hereafter
established, all circumstances relating to the sanitary con-
dition and wants of troops, and of hospitals; and to the skill,
efficiency, and good conduct of the officers aud attendants
connected with the medical department."
Then, sir, at a subsequent period in the same
session, on the 14th of May, an additional act
was passed, which declares:
" That the mcdicM inspector general, orany medical in-
spector,™ hereby authorised and empowered to discharge
fiom the service of the United States any soldier or en-
listed man, with the consent of such soldier or enlisted
man, m the permanent ho-pitals, laboring under any phys-
ical disabilitywhieh makes it disadvantageous to the service
that he be retained tlieiem ; and the certificate in witting
oi m!eh inspector geiteial oi mcdieal inspector, setting forth
the existence and nature of such physical disability, shall
be butneient evidence of such discharge."
It seems to me that these medical inspectors are
now charged with the precise duty that the second
section of this bill imposes upon them. It is their
