THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1863.
New Series No. 67. .
ably to this act. (lie State couit, by which judgment shall
have been rendered, and fiom which the transfer and re-
moval shall have been made, aforesaid, shall bo author-
ized, on motion for that purpose, to issue execution, and to
carry into effect any such judgment, the same as if no such
removal and transfer had been made: jind provided, also,
That no such appeal or wnt of erroi hliall bo allowed in any
criminal action or prosecution wtiere final judgment shall
have been rendered m favor of the defendant or respon lent
by the State court. And in any action or prosecution against
any person, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such person
to plead the general ist.ue.and give this act and any special
matter in evidence. And if in any suit hereafter com-
menced the plaintiff is nonsuited or judgment pass against
him, the defendant shall recover double costs.
Sec. 2. And be it fu) Ihcr enacted, That if it shall appear
upon the trial of any action provided for and mentioned in
the fir-t section of this act that there wa* probable cause
for the arrest, imprisonment, or other act complained of, or
that in making such arrest or imprisonment, or committing
feuch act, the defendant acted m good faith, under the au-
thority or order of the Piesidentof the United States, or
under an act of Congress, then, and in every such case, the
foregoing facts, or either of them, shall constitute a lull and
complete defense to the action ; and it shall he the duty of
the court trying the cause so to instruct the jury, aud that
their finding must he accordingly.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That any suit or pros-
ecution described in the fiist section of this act, in which
final judgmentmay he rendered m the circuit court, may he
earned by writ of error tonhc Supreme Court, whatever
may be the amount of s.aid judgment.
Sec. 4. And he it farther enacted, That no suit or prose-
cution, civil or criminal, shall bo maintained for any arrest
or nnpi isonment made, or other trespasses or wrongs done
or committed, or act omitted to be done, at any tune during
the present rebellion, by virtue or under color of any au-
thonty derived fiom or exeiei^ed by or under the Piesident
of the United States, or by 01 under any act of Congress,
unless the same, shall have been commenced within two
years next after such arrest, imprisonment, trespass, or
wrong may have been done or committed : Provided, That
in no case shall the limitation herein provided commence
to run until the passage of this act, so that no parry shall,
by virtue of this act, be debarred of his remedy by suit or
prosecution until two years from and after the passage of
this act.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That any person not in
the miliUiy or naval service, and not subject to the inles
and articles of war, who shall be arre.sted in any State or
district wherein the ordinary process of ttie courts of the
United States is not obstructed, for aiding the present re-
bellion, or foi obsti uctinit the execution of any law or mil-
itary order, shall be discharged from such arrest, unless,
within thirty days after such arre.^t, the ehaiges against such
person shall be reduced to writing and filed in the office of
the clerk of tnc district court of the United States in the
distuct in which such pi'^on is arrested. And it shall be
the duty of the judge of said court, upon the application of
such person, to examine into the cau^o of such arrest; and,
upon hearing of such application, such judge may discharge
such pei son, hold him to bail, oi dismiss his application, as,
in the opinion of Mich judge, the public safety may require.
Mr. VOORHEE3. Mr. Speaker,the American
people will learn with amazement that the bill under
consideration has once passed this House without
debate. It returns here now with amendments
tnade by the Senate, and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens,] with
an obedient majority at his command, sought on
Thursday last to again secure the action of tins
body upon the momentous and vital principles
which it involves without permittinga single word
of discussion. And i hold my position on this
floor to-day, not because the proscriptive majority
on the opposite side of this Chamber concede the
freedom of debate, but because a manly, determ-
ined minority enforced it by a resort to those rules
of parliamentary law winch were made for their
protection. Let this fact be understood. Let it
go into history as a part of the condemnation
which there awaits the party now m power, that
the voice of the people, speaking through their
Representatives, has been stifled in this Ilall dur-
ing the present session, on questions which over-
turn and revolutionize the principles of republican
government. The unholy spirit of despotism
dreads the doctrinesof free speech,and cowers m
silence and in darkness. The spintof liberty lives
in an atmosphere vocal with the contests between j
truth and error, and invites the humblest citizen
of tT o Government to exercise his judgment freely
and without restraint upon all questions of public
interest.
Mr. STEVENS. When this bill was called
up I lldt no disposition to discuss it; and I said
thafcvunloss some gentleman wanted to discuss it
I would {isle for the vote. 1 then said that, as some
gentlemen wanted to discuss it, I would move to
postpone it.
67
Mr. V00R.HEES. I give the gentleman the
benefit of his statement. I had information, how-
ever, from those who visited him at his seat of a
very different character; and the proceedings on
this floor by which debate was obtained, gave
convincing proof that my information was cor-
rect.
Sir, the bill now before the House has no par-
allel in the history of this or any other free people.
It is entitled "An act to indemnify the President
and other persons for suspending the privilege of
the writ of habeas corpus, and acts done in pursu-
ance thereof.'' But it embraces even more than
its startling title would indicate. It gives to the
Executive and all his subordinates not merely
security for crimes committed against the citizen
in times past, but confers a license to continue in
the future the same unlimited exercise of arbitrary
power which has brought disgrace and danger to
the country. 1 propose, to the best of my ability
this day, to show that neither indemnity for the
past nor impunity for the future can be bestowed
on those who have violated, and who propose fur-
ther to violate, the great and fundamental princi-
ples of constitutional libeity.
Sir, the proper division and lawful exercise of
the powers of a Government constitute a question
of supreme&nd paramount importance. It stands
preeminent over all others. No people in the his-
tory of the world ever long maintained security
from the foot of the oppressor who lost sight of
this fundamental truth. The sentinel who stands
guard over the citadel of popular liberty can only
protect and defend his sivcred trust by keeping his
vigilant eye steadily fix«d on the movements of
power. Every attempt to^ivert his attention by
proclaiming other and more important objects, or
by lulling him to sleep at his post, comes from an
enemy to free government. Every attempt to
convince the publicmind that there may be higher
duties for the citizen to perform than to preserve
inviolate the inalienable rights of person, prop-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness, is an assault
upon the existence of this Republic and a sacii-
lege against God.
To measure out the metes and bounds of power,
and establish them by constitutional landmarks
sufficiently plain and strong to resist the encroach-
ments of executive authority, has been the lofty
purpose of every friend of freedom who has left
his name to illuminate the annals of human con-
duct. Such names belong to the people, and are
household deities around the humble hearth-
stones of those who eat their bread in the sweat
of their faces, and find safety alone in the well-
defined limits of the lasvs under which they live.
The surveyor with his chain can run the lines aud
plant the corner-stones along the borders of king-
doms, empires, states, and terutories, but states-
men and philosophers have taxed all the hours
since the dawn of civilization with the efforts of
incessant industry in circumscribing aud restrain-
ing the lawless and impatient spirit of power.
Vastarmies have been marshaled and great battles
fought; the earth has been turned from its prim-
eval peace and. purity into one mighty scpulchcr,
aud the sky has been rent with the voice of mourn-
ing m order to appease the lust of conquest and
to extend the physical boundaries of a country to
a mountain, a river, or an invisible, air-drawn
line which is disputed by armed force; but one
drop of blood from the veins of John Hampden
or Joseph Warren; one handful of dust from the
graves of Saratoga or Camden; one expiring sigh
from the hps of Hozaris or Winkelreid; one relic
from the plains of old Platea or Marathon, is more
valuable and more glomus in the eausu of human
progress, and moie acceptable in the presence of
infinite justice and eternal right than all the wars
of invasion and subjugation with which the world
has resounded from Issus to Austerhtz. 1 bow
before the shrine which liberty has erected to the
names of Washington and of Algernon Sidney,
of the elder Brutus and of Thomas Jefferson. I
invoke their memories and the guidance of their
spirits while I denounce a measure which surren-
ders back to the hands of power all those grand
achievements in the cause of human freeddra
which have rendered their names immortal. -
Sir, we live in the midst of storm and revolu-
tion. A memorable epoch in history is transpiring?
in our view. The air is dark with the elements
of strife and of change. The convulsions which
have signalized the past are being reproduced in
the present. The murderous roar of cannon, th«
sanguinary crash of war, and tiie pallid, appealing1
faces of the dead mark our time and our country
as* they have marked all dimes and ages hereto-
fore. History is being rewritten; and what man
has done man is doing again. I see nothing new
in the calamities which now assail the destiny to
which we aspire. We are treading over again the
footsteps of generations which have passed away.
Mutation and change is the order of the world.
Stability and permanence in the works of human
hands is the Utopian dream of abstract specula-
tion. The. different forms which Governments
have assumed to redeem society from chaos con-
stituteno exception to this remark. On the con
trary,all history stands as an awful witness to
the fact that no Government has ever yet been
established which has been exemptfrom the fierce
blasts of human passion and human ambition.
But instability and tempestuous struggles do
not necessarily roll backward, or even check the
wheels of progress. Great prmciplesare immor-
tal. They cannot die. The forms in which they
arc encased may perish and decay to dust; but
like the liberated soul, truth puts on new glories
in every phase of her existence. Our course is
on ward, like the mighty river, to the ocean of des-
tiny. I believe in the steady advancement and
ultimate civilization of the world by the benignant
power of a higher and purer gospel than that of
hate or of force. The trinity which presides over
my belief is composed of those handmaidens of
God—.liberty, charity, and justice. With faith
in these, the American peuplo, though assailed by
those painful convulsions which no nation ever
escaped, though desolated and heavy in heart,
and weeping over departed glories and joys, may
yet look off across the dark and angry face of the
waters, and in the distance behold the star of
peace and honor, and around it clustering the
heavenly constellation of individual and national
happiness. But if this people refuse, from this
time forward, to be led by these principles, an
abyss of horror awaits our speedy entrance, as
terrible to the upright soul of a free-born Ameri-
can citizen as the flaming depths where the lost
angels writhe m agony. The world, it is true,
will not stand still; some other people more wor-
thy the high trust will take up the cause of con-
stitutional government; but we will be dropped
in gloom and despair by the wayside.
Sir, times like the present are always full of
danger to the rights of the people. In an hour
like this if we expect to retain the institutions of
liberty, an increased degree of vigilance is required.
For when the elements of political organization are
in commotion, and disorder pervades the whole
face of affairs, bad men in authoiity unbridle the
spirit of tyranny in their breasts and leap over the
walls of constitutional restraint. Such periods in
history have been the rich harvests of despotism.
When the thunder rolls along the sky and midnight
gloom increases the terrors of the storm, the sav-
age beasts of the desert go forth and raven for their
prey. The rulers of the nation do the same. Benja-
minwasa ravening wolf, and stands as the emblem
of unlawful and sanguinary power. Seditions and
civil wars are the unhappy occasions for the exer-
cise of this baleful propensity which high official
station so generally begets in the heart of man.
And, Mr. Speaker, the mournful evidences are
thick and fearful on every hand,whichever way we
turn, that the public confusion which mvw reigns
in our own once peaceful land has brought with it
to us this pernicious evil in its moot frightful and
aggravated forms. Disaster has followed disaster
in terrible and startling rapidity to a people who
two short years ago had never tasted the cup of
humiliation or sorrow. Our territorial grandeur
has been torn and disputed by the sword, homes
