1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
have been desolated and filled with the bitterness
of death", debt and taxation tower up like a gloomy
spooter in our midst and cast an appalling shadow
over the hopes of the piesent and of future gener-
ations of labor for more than a hundred years?to
come; but such scenes have not softened the heart
of executive authority, tempered the insatiable
lust of personal domination, or stayed the hand
of official trespass and oppression anymore in the
administration of the American Republicthan they
have in the administration ofGovernments of for-
mer ages. The usurper seizes the moment when
the Constitution of his country is weakened by
some deadly peril to assist in breaking it down.
He watches the opportunity when the laws are
unsettled to trampU them under his foetand sub-
stitute his own imperious and unhallowed will in
the place of their well-defined and peaceful opera-
tions.
Mr. Speaker, on the 24th day of last Septem-
ber the President of the United States, in a few
brief lines published in the newspapers, and styled
a proclamation, declared that the people of this
country were under martial law, and that all civil
rights and remedies touching their personal lib-
erties were suspended. The blow was sudden,
quick, and radical. It was a piece of the inevi-
table logic of executive encroachment. Tyranny
has its rules of action as well as other systems of
wrong. Chicanery, fraud, and subtle, obscure
false-uealingcharacterizeits attempts when udoes
not feel secure in more daring efforts. But this
act of the President and his Cabinet is the un-
blushing assumption of power which has ceased
to respect or fear the Constitution or laws which
the people have made, and which these servants
of the people have sworn to support. It throws
aside all disguise, tears off ifs vail, and displays
the horrible features of despotism to American
citizens. Will any member of this House dispute
the correctness of the terms which I employ? Let
us divest ourselves of all passion and resentment.
Let us take a calm view of facts and principles,
as history will do, and, by the steady light of truth
and reason, let us examine and discover, if we
can, what the Administration now in power has
done in behalf of the Constitution of the fathers,
and in behalf of the cause for which this Republic
was founded.
The object for which our ancestors revolted
from the British empire, and enacted that sublime
tragedy of history, the American Revolution, was
to secure to the citizen more liberty and personal
security than ho possessed under the jurisdiction
of the British crown. Their complaints were not
against the constitution of England, but against a
weak king and a wicked ministry, who violated
it m order to oppress the subject. They studied
the dangerous nature of a lawless executive during
seven years of grief, of bitterness, and of blood.
When day dawned on their independence the
great secretuf free government was no longera se-
cret to them. Th« y had learned it, and learned it
forever in the high and holy inspiration of battles
fought for the inherent right to govern themselves.
Their wisdom then succeeded their swords, and
the American Constitution became the offspring
of the American Revolution, and inherited all its
ideas. In immediate view of the unparalleled
struggle which had just closed, and of the causes
which produced it, the Constitution of the United
States came forth from the hands of its framers,
the great missionary of freedom to the citizens of
this chosen land first, and afterwards to the whole
earth. This is the spirit with which it was born,
and such the purpose for which it was set apart.
It is an old maxim of law that every instrument
shall be construed and interpreted according to
the intention of those who made it. This maxim
was followed until these modern days have en-
gendered not merely a spirit of false construction
but of open and audacious usurpation, such as
never haunted the disordered brain of George HI,
even in his hours of madness. I am not about
here to enter into an elaborate discussion of the
various primary functions of the Constitution.
It is the text-book of the people's happiness and
seeuiity,and they know it by heart; but in order
that the dangers which now assail it lu-re in the
house of its pretended friends may be more plainly
aeen, I may be allowed to dwell a moment on
some of its simplest but most important features.
By the letter and by the spirit of the Constitu-
tion'this W peculiarly an4 emphatically a popular
Government. The people make every part of it,
uphold the entire fabric, and control its whole
economy. It is true that the Constitution makes
three departments in which the powers of the
Government are placed, but the voice of the peo-
ple is supreme over them all. The Executive
can make no law, annul no law, change no law.
He is not responsible for the laws as he finds
them. They are mtule by the people in their legis-
lative capacity, and he is simply their servant to
execute their will thus expressed. The depart-
ment of the judiciary was created to interpret and
pronounce the meaning of law; and if the law as
thus declared by the courts is not in accordance
with the popular wishes, it is to be corrected by
new legislation. But one department cannot in-
vade or coerce the other when each confines itself
to its constitutional boundaries. These rules are
very old and very familiar; but they assume a
new and wonderful significance in the light of
present events. They are like the face of an old
friend beheld unexpectedly under terribleand start-
ling circumstances. I do not allude to them at this
time because I suppose they are new to the hum-
blest mind in the land. I allude to them, how-
ever, sir, for the purpose of asserting, as I do here
now in my place as a Representative of the peo-
ple, that the present Executive of this Government
has usurped the powers of the judicial and the le-
gislative departments of the Constitution to an
extent which is totally subversive of republican
institutions, and not to be borne by a free people.
make the charge, and will submit the proof to
my candid countrymen.
It will not be denied on this floor or elsewhere
that the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
by proclamation, to which I have alluded, closed
the civil courts of this country, from one ocean to
the other, against the trial of any one arrested by
the order of the President or his subordinates. It
gave access to the vaults of the prison, but not to
the bar of justice. It is a part of the nature of
frail man to sin against laws, both human and
divine, but God himself secures him a trial before
punishment, and tyrants alone repudiate the jus-
tice of the Almighty. To deny to an accused
person the right to be heard in his defense is pre-
eminently the attribute of the worst ages of brutal
despotism. Condemnation without trial, and pun-
ishment without limitation, is the exact definition
to my mind of the most atrocious tyranny that
ever feasted on the groans of the captive, or ban-
queted on the tears of the widow and the father-
less. And yet on this spectacle of horror and of
shame American citizens have been gazing for
more than a year! The greatbuhvark which gen-
erations in bloody toil have erected against the
wicked exercise of unlawful power has been torn
away with a parricidal hand. Every citizen in
this Republic, the farmer at his plow, the me-
chanic m his shop, the merchant at his counter,
every callingand profession in life, from the proud
man in his mansion to the good man in his cabin,
all stand this day naked and exposed, utterly and
entirely at the mercy of one man, and of the
fawning minions who crouch before him foi pay.
I state a fact in the hearing of the country, and
wherever my feeble words may penetrate wit-
nesses will rise up and solemnly attest its truth.
It would be tho natural supposition of every
intelligent mind, that an argument to prove that
there is a warrant in the Constitution for this
state of affairs would be an insult to. the genius of
the Revolution in which our liberties were won,
an outrage on the memory of the great dead of
that period, and a mockery to the common sense
of the world. But the spirit of abject servility,
which always invites the arrogant assumptions
of power and precedes the downfall of liberty, is
performing its loathsome office on every hand.
We hear on every side the old cry of the courtier
and the parasite. At every new aggression, at
every additional outrage, new advocates rise up
to defend that source of patronage, wealth, and
fame—the department of the Executive. Tech-
nical and obscure rules, cunningly devised special
pleas, and skillful and deceptive sophistry, all
combine in the hands of the, supporters of this
;j Administration to fear away from the people the
i protection of the laws of their own making. Such
assistance has always waited on the most malig-
nant efforts of tyranny. Nero had his poet lau-
reate, and Seneca wrote his defense for the murder
of his mother. The present dark hour affords am-
ple evidence that human nature is the same that
it was two thousand years ago.
Amid the opening scenes of this disastrous and
deplorable war, the President suspended the oper-
ations of the writ of habeas corpus in certain unset-
tled and afflicted cities and portions of the country.
This was, in my judgment, without authority of
the Constitution; but the people bore with heroic
patience their own wrongs rather than add to the
disorder and calamities of the nation. But this
partial assault on the principles of free govern-
ment is rendered insignificant in view of the
daring and gigantic stride taken in September,
and which the blandishing tongue of flattery and
adulation commend and sustain in the Ameri-
can Congress, and in the face of the American
people. With this last act in the mournful
tragedy of national honor, and, I fear, national
existence, I shall more especially deal at this
time.
Sir, I might content myself as to the power of
the President to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
by restingupon judicial precedent. I mightdeclare
to this House and to the country, in the language
of that eminent jurist, late justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, Benjamin Ratrd Cur «
tis, of Massachusetts, that" the only judicial de-
cisions which have been made upon this question
have been adverse to the power of the President."
I might array negative upon negative, and cite in
support of my position the great names of judi-
cial history, before whose glory in the higher walks
of useful fame among men the most exalted names
of to-day would be as the feeble spark of the glow •
worm in vain competition with the blazing sun at
its meridian. 1 might show from the recorded
transactions of the past that the nineteenth century
and the land of much vaunted freedom have pro-
duced a President and a Cabinet who, in a species
of delirium, have defied, spurned, and sought to
crush and humiliate the legal decisions of centu-
ries made in behalf of personal security and per-
sonalindependence;decisions which salute theeye
of the wayfarer and the downtrodden of every age
and of every clime like light-houses on the stormy
beach, beckoning the mariner in the midst of dark-
ness and despair to the shelter of a peaceful har-
bor. I might do all this, and it would seem that
it would be ample enough; but it would be no
more than has already been done with far more
ability than belongs to my humble powers. All
the world knows these things. Even the Repre-
sentatives who misrepresent the people on the
other side of this Chamber know all this, and
shrink and tremble before the application which
future history will make of past history. I wish,
however, to dwell for a few moments amidst the
historical associations of this immortal writ of
human freedom and human progress. I wish to
scan its purposes and discover Us spirit. I wish
to inquire what causes produced it. I wish to see
why it was ever thought of in connection with
civil government. What did it propose to accom-
plish) What did it oppose, and whatdid it favor?
Who have been for it, and who have been against
it? The answers to these questions, drawn from
history, will, according to my mode of reasoning,
throw immense light on the question of the power
of any executive officer to suspend its operations
and deprive the people of its benefits.
Sir, the history of the progress of liberty, next
to the history of the Christian religion, is the most
sublime and instructive lesson taught in the an-
nals of the worlds Its fortunes, indeed, have been
various, but no season of adversity has ever suf-
ficed to quench the vestal fires which burn on its
altars. And in all the terrible struggles with
which it has jarred the nations and liberated the
people, its sole antagonist lias been the principle
that to one man belongs the right to govern the
many. Kings, and the courtiers of kings, who
talk of-a divine right to the possession and exer-
cise of power, have been the enemies which lib-
erty has had to encounter. Every contest it ever
waged has been to put restraint and control on
the will, the pretensions, the authority of one
man. Every battle fought beneath its banners, in
ail the four'quarters of the earth, has been fought
to resist and repel the arrogant and unlawful
claims of power made by one man. Every law
which was ever enacted in its interest, from -the
laws of God on Mount Sinai to the present hour,
has been enacted to protect the masses from the
ravaging and oppressive hand of one man. This
