1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has forever been the issue, and it is the issue
now.
When the lights of liberty faded away in the
sky of southern Europe, and Grecian and Roman
glory went down in the gloom and night of des-
potism, ages of darkness followed, over whose
paralyzed faculties the spirit of absolutism held
undisputed supremacy. But liberty had made one
grand epoch. It had built a monument of law,
literature, science, and art, which still stands, and
will forever stand, towering up on the back ground
of history like some awful pyramid against the
distant sky. The statesman, the philosopher, the
poet, the artist, and the historian, all bend rever-
ently before the grand achievements of that age
of liberty. Then came, however, that mysterious
tomb of a thousand years, in which the principles
of free government slept. But it was not the sleep
of death. Liberty found its resurrection at the
hands of that great race from whose loins the
American citizen has descended. It awoke with
returning consciousness on the soil of our an-
cestors, at the touch of Edward the Confessorand
Alfred the Law-maker. But it awoke simply to
ren«iw the struggles of the past with its ancient
* foe. One man in the robes of office, loving power
with a selfish love, and exercising it in disregard
of law, met the genius of liberal institutions at
every step on this side of the dark ages, as well as
in the d-ys of Tiberius and Philip of Macedon.
The struggle has never ceased. The peoplegrasped
at power; for to them the possession of power is
freedom. Crowned heads claimed itas their right;
for to them it was the gratification of u passion
more consuming than all others that ever corroded
the human heart—the avarice of dominion—-the
lust for personal supremacy. The safety of the peo-
ple lay in written laws judicially interpreted, and
this they soon learned. Kings sought to govern
by proclamations which suspended or disregarded
law. Hence arose those glorious efforts to fix the
boundaries between the ruler and the citizen-—to
put restraint on the one, and give security to the
other, which constitute the chief glory of Eng-
land and the just pride of Englishmen. Why did
the British Barons meet at Runnymede? Why
is the name of that spot immortal ? What causes
produced that wonderful assemblage in the month
of June, and in the year 1215? Why is it that we
talk to-day of that event transpiring more than six
hundred years ago with the familiarity which be-
longs to an event of yesterday? Sir, the old con-
tending principles were there broughtface to face,
and a great landmark was erected in behalf of
personal liberty and against the abuso of power, as
high as the heavens, and as enduringas the earth.
The people confronted King John, who had been
arresting citizens without charge, and punishing
them without trial, and made him record an oath
before angels and men that he would forever aban-
don the practice of such outrages. This was
Magna Charta. These were the causes which pro-
duced it. It became a perpetual law, and every
English monarch, from John to Victoria, has sworn
in express foim of words as apart of the corona-
tion oath to support it. Listen, sir, to its old-
fashioned and homely, but most glorious text:
'• No freeman shall be taken or imprisoned, or disseized
or outlawed, or banished or anyways destroyed, nor will
wo pa<s upon Inn), nor will we send lum unless by the
lawful judgment of Ins peers, or by the law of the land.
" We will sell to no man; we will not deny to any man
cither justice 01 right."
This was the voice of a people in whose minds
a clear perception of legal forms had not yet
dawned; but it was the clear, high voice oflibeity,
which when once spoken never ceases to echo and
resound from age to age until the angel shall close
the book of time. I love to listen to its pealing
strains. No music this side of the winged cheru-
bim of God is so sweet to my ear. I contrast if
with the harsh, discordant notes of the executive
usurpations of the present hour, and the abject
tones of those wjio feed on the smiles of executive
favor. I turn away from the sad omens which
surround us to renew and strengthen my faith in
the ultimate success of free institutions, by con-
templating the scenes through which they have
already passed. I turn away from the sight of
expiring liberty in this lahd to assure myself by a
contemplation of other days that it cannot alto-
gether die.
Mr. Speaker, we cannot over-estimate the value
of the victory obtained by the popular will over
the doctrine of one-man power when the Great
Charter was extorted from England's perfidious
king. Every enlightened lover of human freedom
has borne testimony to the importance of this
grand achievement. The great Earl of Chatham,
in pleading the cause of constitutional liberty in
1770. paid tribute to it as follows:
"It is to your ancestors, my Lords, it is to the English
barons that we are indebted lor the laws and constitutions
we possess. Their virtues were rude and uncultivated, but
they were threat and sincere. Their understandings were
as little polished as their manners.; but they had hearts to
distinguish right from wrong; they had heads to distinguish
truth from falsehood ; they understood the rights of human-
ity, and they had spirit to maintain them.
"My Loids, I think history lias not done justice to their
conduct; when they obtained from their sovereign that
great acknowledgment of national rights contained in
Magna Charta, they did not confine it to themselves alone,
bufdelivered it as a common blessing to the whole people."
Sir James Mackintosh dwells upon it in glowing
periods. Says that brilliant historian and states-
man:
" Whoever, in any future age or yet unborn nation, may
admire the felicity of the expedient which converted the
power of taxation into the shield oflibeity by which discre-
tionary and secret imprisonment was rendered impractica-
ble, and portions of the people were trained to exercise a
larger share of judicial power than evei was allotted to
them in any other civilized State, in such a manner as to
secure instead of endangering public tranquillity; whoever
exults at the spectacle of enlightened and independent as-
semblies, which, under the eye of a well-informed nation,
discuss and deteimine the laws and policy likelv to make
communities gteai and happy; whoever U capable of com-
pieheridins all the effects ot &uch institution-, with all their
possible improvements, upon the mind and genius of a peo-
ple, is saciedly hound to speak wirh leverential gratitude
of the authois'of the Gieat Charier. To have produced it,
to have piehorved it, to have matured it, constitute the im-
mortal claim of England upon the esteem of mankind."'
Why, Mr. Speaker, has Magna Charta been
thus esteemed by the wisest minds of the world
to be worthy of such lofty encomiums? Why
does it tower up with such magnitude over all
other considerations in the construction of free
governments > The answer is very simple, plain,
brief. It is because, in the language of Hume,
the historian—
"Thh famou- deed either gtanted or seemed veiy im-
portant liberties and pnvilegesto eveiyorderof men in the
kingdom—to the clergv, to the batons, and to the people."
It is immortal and dear, sir, to all people, and
more especially to the American people at this
time, because in the discussion of its principles
Hallam declares:
"From the era, therefore, of King John's charter itmust
have been a clear principle of out Constitution that no man
can be detained in prison without trial."
It is an authority in point to day against the
daily practices of those who now administer the
affairs of this Republic, because Sir James Mack-
intosh has pronounced its "crowning glories,"
which fill the world with grateful admiration, to
be " thosecsscntial clauses which protect the per-
sonal liberty and property of all freemen, by giv-
ing security- from arbitrary imprisonment and
arbitrary spoliation."
Such, sir, are its claims upon the dearest affec-
tions of mankind. It was born in the hearts of a
pioud, free race, and its mission on earth was to
confront and resist that pernicious dogma of ty-
rants, that the liberties of the people can in any
event be left to the control of any solitary indi-
vidual, whether he be called czar, emperor, king,
or president. And in every contest with its enemy
it has been eventually victorious. The people of
England compelled their sovereigns to solemnly
ratify it more than thirty times in the space of
four hundred years.
But, bearing in mind the causes which produced
Jtfagna Charta, and the great object it was designed
to accomplish, let us take another step in the
history of the progress of personal liberty and per-
il sonai security. In 1657commenced that wonder-
j; fui English revolution which fills so many mem-
!j orablearid bloody pagesof histot y. Itcommmcud
|| over the old question of power. The king ur-
' rested Hampden, Darnel, and other citizens for
refusing to pay certain taxes, hnil threw them into
prison. Thoyapphed to thecourtofKing'sBtnch
for the writ of habeas corpus, in order thafit might
< be known whether their commitment was "by
! the law of the land,''and upon what charge it was
!j made.
1 "The writ wa<* granted; but tin; warden of the fleet made
return th.it thev wue detained hvn warrant ftom the Puvy
Council, informing him of no particular cau^e of imprison-
ment, but that they were commuted by the special com
maud of his Majesty."
We have had many such returns in this land of
freedom during the past year, and every mind wiU>
suggest the ready parallel by a simple chang^f
names. But in the days of Charles I, more tmhi
two hundred years ago, our ancestors did not
allow the subject to drop at the haughty bidding
even of a king. They met the issue. Bold and
fierce discussion followed, until the unwarranted
arrest and imprisonment of five Englishmen gkve.
rise to the famous Petition of Right, which was
«a clear and explicit affirmation of the principles
of Magna Charta, and an application of them to
existing grievances. I quote that portion of it
which so forciblyremindsusofthe high and sacrcd
rights which have been stricken down by the pres-
ent Administration in our own midst:
" III. And whereas, also, by the statute called 1 the Great
Charter of the Liberties of England,' it Is declared and en-
acted that no freeman maybe taken or imprisoned, or be dis-
seized of his freehold or liberties, or hi& free customs, orbe
outlawed or exiled, or in any manner destroyed, but by the
lawful judgment of his peers, or by the law of the land.
" TV. And in the eight and twentieth year of the reign
of King Edward III, it was declared and cnacted by au-
thority of Parliament that no man, of what estate or condi-
tion that he be, should be put outof his lands or tenements,
nor taken, nor imprisoned, nor disinherited, noi put to death
without being brought to an-wei by due process of law.
" V. Nevertheless, against the tenor of said statutes, and
other the good laws and statutes of your realm, to that end
provided, divers of your subjects have of late been impris-
oned without any causc showed; and when, for their deliv-
oianee. they were brought before your justices, by your
Majet-ty'f wiits ofhabeaucorpus, there to undergo and re-
ceive as the court should oider, and their keepers com-
manded to ccrtifvthe causes, of their detainer, no cause was
certified, but that thev were detained by your Majesty's
special command,signified by the Lord> of your Privy Coun-
cil, and yet were returned back to several prisons without
beingchaiged with anything to which they might make an-
swer uecotdmg to law."
The king signed new guarantees of liberty to
meet these complaints, but, in an unhappy hour
for him,broke his royal word and again trespassed
upon the rights of the people. The struggle again
commenced, and raged until Charles 1 fell beneath
the ax of the executioner; and that mysterious
and unexplained enigma of history, OiiverCrom-
well, triumphed over him in the name of popular
rightand constitutional government. And though
the practical fruits of this mighty revolution were
for long years turned to dust and ashes upon the
lips of England, yet the public mind of the world
had learned a grand and overwhelming lesson.
The English people taught mankind of every age
rflid of every country that no sanctity of preroga-
tive, no dignity of blood, no prescriptive customs,
no pageantry of royal state, no bayonets sur-
rounding the palace, can protect one man in plun-
dering the multitude of their personal liberties
It is a lesson, sir, which the humblest American
citizen knows by heart to-day and treasures up as
an everlasting inheritance.
But there was another great period in history /
in which our ancestors developed their devotion
to the progress of liberty, to the principles of
Magna Charta. In 1689 another member of the
house of Stuart, forgetful of the fafe of hisfather,
possessed himself of the atrocious instruments of
oppression, and attempted to subvert the laws and
the liberties of his kingdom. But the spirit which
brought Charles I to the block exiled James II,
and changed the dynasty forever from the house
of Stuart. And the same causes, the same ag-
gressions against the peisonal lights of the sub-
ject which produced the Petition of Right under
Charles I, produced the Bill of Rights under
James 11. It was the same venerable issue, and
is contained in the following sections:
" 1. That the pretended power of suspending laws by
regal authority, without consent of Parliament, is illegal.
'•2. That the pieten.Ied power of dispensing with law?,
or the execution of law* by regal authority, as it hath been
assumed and exercised of Jate, is illegal."
Mr Speaker, we have here, then, the three
grand acts m the sublime drama of English liber-
ty: and the unity of immortal principle which per-
vades and sustains them all is so complete that
Lord Chatham consolidated them in his mind,
and proclaimed them to be " the Bible of the Eng-
lish constitution." Their inspiration was con-
fined, however, to no nation and to no age. Their
application to civil rights was as universal as
mankind itself. They speak in tones of hope, of
dignity, and of manhood, to every heart worthy
to be free which beats beneath the sun. They
constitute a frowning and defiant bulwark against
| arbitrary and despotic power; but a radiant and
| smiling angel of liberty, pjeace, fraternity, and se-
' curity to the toiling millions whose strong arms
