1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18
uphold the wealth, the commerce, the progress,
and the civilization of the world. And when the
ifdfct great struggle in behalf of constitutional lib-
erty for the citizen against the unlawful assump-
tion of power by one man, which startled the na-
tions in 1776, had closed in triumph on the soil of
Virginia—where the voice of Patrick Henry first
aroused it—the material for those clauses of the
American Constitution which secure the personal
independence and personal rights of the citizen,
was ready and ample, a rich inheritance of the'
past, and only needed to be reasserted in the form
of an organic law. Our Constitution is simply
one more denial recorded in history of the power
to transcend the written law in order to reach and
injure the citizen in the enjoyment of life, lib-
erty, and property. It is simply one more dec-
laration, added to those already made, that the
people possessed an inherent power to protect
themselves against their old enemy—executive
usurpation. It was a solemn protest, in the name
of human nature, that one man should have the
liberties of this people within his control no more
forever. It was the promulgation of Magna Charta,
the continuation of the Petition of Eighty the ex-
tension of the Bill of Rights> and a concentration
ofthem all. Here are the noble, familiar sections,
the due observance of which alone renders Amer-
ican citizenship more valuable than the condition
of the slave on his plantation:
"Art. IV. The light of the people to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and etfeets, against unreasonable
searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no war-
rants shall issue but upon probable cause, supported by
oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the placc
to be searched, and the persons or thing's to be seized.
"Art. V. No prison sjball be held to answer a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or
indictment of a grand jury, except in eases aiding m the
land or naval forces, or in the militia when in actual .ser-
vice in time of war or public dangei ; nor .shall any person
be subje^, for the same offense, to be twice put in jeopardy
of life or limb; nor shall lie he compelled, m any etmimal
case, to be a witness agamM himself, nor be deprived of
life, liberty, oi property without dm> process of law; nor
fchall private property be taken for public iw without just
compensation.
"Art. VT. In all criminal prosecution* the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedv and public trial, by an impartial
jury of the Slate and di>tiict wherein the crime shall have
been committed, which district shall have been previously
a-iceitaiiu'd bylaw, and to be informed of the nature and
cause ot the accusation; to be confionted with the wit-
nesses against him ; to have compulsory process fot obtain-
ing witnesses in his favor, and to have the as-sintance of
counsel for his detent."
I hove thus, sir, given a brief and summary
view of the results which have attended a contest
between free principles and the abuse of power
for more than six hundred years in England and
America, i have endeavored to point out the issue
which has at all times been involved. It will be
observed, however, that all these great instru-
ments, which stand as beacon-lights of liberty
along the pathway of the last six centuries, and
fiom which I have so freely quoted, are only de-
claratory of what the rights of man are, and de-
pend for their execution on an additional uireiiey
in the poliey of government. Magna Charta, as
I have shown, declared a mighty principle in the
science of just government, and' it has been re-
peated overand over again many times since, and ■
at last finds a polished and detailed embodiment ;
m the American Constitution; but something :
more is necessary and indispensable in order to i
carry it out and confer its practical benefits on j
mankind. The Barons said that the executive ,
should nut take, imprison, or punish any citizen !
of the realm, except according to the law of the j
land; the subjects of every English king have re- ■
peated it, and the framers of our Constitution as- 1
sert the same thing with great particularity and :
care in the sections which 1 have just read; but ,
what would all this be worth if no means had bef,n '
provided to enforce this often reiterated principle ]
of liberty? It would simply stand as an expres- !
sion, a sublime one it is true, in favor of immulu- ,
ble justice and right; but without the machinery
of some active process of administrative law it j
would be powerless to extend succor to the op- ;
pressed. Therefore all those proud declarations j
Hgainst the infringement of personal liberty by the
executive, from Runnymede eo the present hour, j
have been accompanied by that messenger of j
Bpeedy justice, the writ of habeas corpus. It ex- j
ecutes what they declare. It gives motion and I
efficacy to the laws of a free government. It, is ;
the active agent by which the will of the people, j
sa eEoresspd in the Conatitufion and h ws mad*
for their own protection, is enforced. Without
it the tyrant may laugh to the winds every doc-
trine of Magna Charta, every provision of our own
Constitution. Without it an executive ruler is
beyond legal restraint or coercion, and can with
impunity substitute his own will for the Consti-
tution and the laws. Without it arbitrary power
may roam over the rights of the people, like the
wild boar in the rich vineyards of Gaul, and tear
and rend its victims at pleasure.
Sir, the habeas corpus is the life of liberty. It is
of ancient origin. It was born amid the opening
struggles of our remote ancestors in behalf of pop-
ular freedom. It was recognized at once by a
race unwilling to accept the doom of slaves to be
a law of necessity. It sprang from no statute. It
depends for us existence on no enactment. It is
one of those high, unrepealabie laws which lib'
erty writes on the hearts of all her worshippers,
una which, without the aid of legislation, became
a part of the common law of England, simply be-
cause of that rule of God's providence which pre-
scribes an eternal fitness of things. It is, per*
haps, older than Magna Charta'unelf. Hallam,in
his History of the Middle Ages, referring to the
period when thegicat charter was obtained, says:
Whethei courtsofjustice iramed the writ of habeas cor-
pus in conformity to the spirit of this clause, or found it
already in their register, it became irom that era the right
of every subject to demand it."
And again, this great author says:
''From the earliest records of -the English law no free-
man could be detained in prison except upon a criminal
charge or conviction, or for a civil debt, in the former
case it wasalwa> < in his power to demand of the Court of
King's Bench a writ of habeas coipus ud subjiciendum., di-
rected to tin; person detaining him in custody, by which he
was einoined to bring up the body of the prisoner, with the
warrant of commitment, that the court might judge of its
sufficient.}', and remand the patty, admit him to bail, or
discharge him according to the natuie ot tin- charge."'
This law, thus described, the American colo-
nies inherited and possessed from the earliest pe-
riod of their settlement. It took no legislation to
bestow on them its blessing, for, as an eminent
law writer observes;
"■ And it must now be taken as a settled axiom of Ameri-
can law, that the territory of the colonies was claimed by
right ofoeeupancy or by finding it 'desert and uncultivated;'
and thai the common law of England fust obtained in that
part ot the empire as a law peisonal to the English-born
colouicta."
And, in the formation of our Constitution, our
fathers assumed that it already existed in all its
ancient force and benevolent mission, and simply
made the following provision against its suspen-
sion :
,;That the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not
be suspended, unies-s when, in cases ot rebellion or inva-
sion, the public satcty may require it.*J
And now, Mr. Speaker, in view of the histor-
ical ijrnndeurof this writ; in view of the duties
which belong to its nature to perform; in view of
the evils which it alone can restrain; in view of
the causes which produced it, and in view of the
abuses against which it is leveled, I am filled with
wonder and amazement that any healthy intellect
has evei been found to entertain the opinion that
it was in the power of the executive department
of any Government to suspend its privileges and
deny to the people its protection. It came into
existence to compel English kings to obey the
principles of Magna Charta, and it is the only
m^ans, this side of the swoi d, by which an Ameri-
can President can be made to obey the Constitu-
tion; and yet the air is filled with a clamorous cry
that these kings and this President ran escape this
obedience by nullifying, with a single word, the
only peaceful means which the people possess to
enforce it. It. is the only legal means by which
the American citizen can resist and antagonize the
most infamous outrages against personal rights;
and yet the doctrine is daily proclaimed here and
elsewhere that it is wholly left to tin: Executive
to determine whether he will be resisted at ail, or
whether he will enjoy the spectacle of a people
devoted to liberty imploring, not the law, hut his
cletfftmcy, through the iron grates of prisons, with
less ieg.il redress for their wrongs than the dusky
slaves of the Carolinas. The writ of habeas cor-
pus was oi filiated for the sole purpose of control-
ling one man and his subordinates; and yet it is
claimed, in this enlightened age, that that very
man can control it. It has been the master of every
Executive since it was known among men; but in
these modern days the r^ajority of the American
Congress assert that the President of the United
States has become us master. You might as well
lock the convict in his cell and give him the key,
and expect to find him there when you return, as
to expect the executive ruler of a nation to abide
within the limits of constitutional restraint when
the people have surrendered to him the only en-
gine of power which they hold over the question.
You might as well expect an enemy who had laid
siege to a city to refrain from entrance when the
gates were thrown open and the sword delivered
up, as to expect official station to respect at all
times popular rights when all their safeguards are
abandoned to their ancient enemy. Sir, the very
purpose, the single object for which the writ of
habeas corpus has survived the lapse of centuries
and rocked the world with revolutions would be
utterly defeated if the President of the United
States can suspend its operations and paralyze it
by his touch. It might as well never have adorned
the pages of jurisprudence. It becomes a useless,
an idle thing by such a construction. Jt is only
needed when the Executive attempts to deprive
the citizen of his liberty contrary to law; and ac-
cording to the construction of the supporters of
this Administration, that attempt need never fail,
for it is within the power of the President to re- *
move every obstacle which stands in his way by
the suspension of this writ.
Let this construction be maintained, and the
cause of lib,erty recedes back into the twilight
dawn from which it emerged nearly a thousand
years ago. Then there was no law for the king
except his arbitrary will; and there will be no
other law here now for the President. Every ef-
fort made in behalf of free government will have
been made in vain. The Barons will have assem-
bled in vain. John Hampden, on the plains of
Chalgrave, will have died in vain. Our own mar-
tyred host, robed in glory, who fell for freedom
on the battle-fields of the Revolution, will have
tasted the bitterness of death in vain. The lights
which have been hung up over our heads by the
wisdom,and the sufferings of the past will all be
stiicken down. Magna'Charta will fall from its
exalted sphere like a falling star, and our own
Constitution, like the eagle towering in his pride
of place, will be by a mousing owl hawked at and
killed. The gloom of absolutism will once more
fill the sky, and it will only be left to American
citizens to creep around in its shadows as secret
and stealthy mourners at the tomb of liberty.
One man's supremacy, the everlasting foe to free
institutions, will be complete. In the placc of
written constitutions and laws we will enjoy the
government of one mind and one will, embittered
and swayed by the passions and prejudices which
make their home in every frail mortal breast. No,
sir; this darling writ of the people, which has
caused the venerable statesman to abound m warm
and swelling periods of eulogium, and the cool
hps of the judge to indulge in unwonted judicial
eloquence; this guardian of every home; this saint
in every freeman's calendar; this friend of every
fireside; this key to every dungeon; this messiah
of the law, which comes to redeem the lost and
to visit those that are sick and in prison, was not
born to be suspended and ctueified at the com-
mand of some ruling Caesar. The people who
made it, and who own it by the title of a hundred
battlesfoughtfoi its principles, can alone, through
their representatives, say when they are willing
to waive for a season its protection and enact its
temporary suspension. Not only is this the law,
as decided by every court in the history of Eng-
lish and American jurisprudence, but it is also the
law as decided by every maxim of reason, by
every principle of political philosophy.
If I err, Mr. Speaker, in assei ting that the Par-
liament alone in England, and the Congress alone
in the United States, can judge of the necessity
and exercise the power of suspending the writ of
habeas corpus, I err in most noble company. 1 am
but following at an humble distance in the foot-
steps of those whose illustrious names have long
since become proverbs of wisdom and justice
If I am lost and going astray in the doetiines i
have enunciated to-day, I am consoled with tho
reflection that I am wandering with Blackstone,
with Hale, with Mansfield, with Coke; that I
share my delusion with Kent, with Story, and
with John Marshall. If I am insensible at thM
time to the claims of modern political lawyers, it
is because my mind is absorbed in the eontem-
olationof the teachings of those whose names are
