1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
-whei e men neglect thcirduties from other motives,
either from carelessness or from bribery, or from
being operated upon by some improper motive.
Only a few days ago, a surgeon told me thata man
who was physically sound and well had applied
to him to be discharged from the Army. The
surgeon told him: "You are able to perform your
duty, and there is no reason why you should be
discharged." The next day he came back and
said: "Doctor, what will you charge me for a
certificate of discharge?" He desired to have a
case made up for him, and to pay the surgeon for
the rendition of that certificate. There arc plenty
of instances of that kind which have occurred in
the Army, and they may occur in the medical de-
partment. It is only another phase of those abuses
which have existed in the quartermaster's and
commissary s and otherdepartments, where frauds
have been perpetiated from the commencement
of this war. We know, sir, that last winter the
Army melted away like snow before a July sun,
by the silent operation of these dischaiges. Mem-
bers of Congress were importuned to get their
friends released from the service. The enthusiasm
of the moment with which they had been inspired
when they enlisted had passed away; they got
tired of the service, and they desired to get dis-
charged. Members of Congress were applied to,
and thousands upon thousands were quietly and
silently mustered outof the service on the impor-
tunity of members of Congressjast winter, until
the Army was decimated and reduced to almost
nothing. If you place this power withoutpropcr
restiainls in the hands of the officers whom you
propose to create by this bill, you will have a
repetition of what was done last winter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The question is on the adoption of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, [Mr, Foster.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the bill
by striking out "two medical inspector generals
and." The chairman agrees to that, 1 believe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill m the tenth line of the second section after the
word "duty," by adding the words "and shall see
that such soldiers are discharged or so returned."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. The question was taken upon
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] without my knowl-
edge. I move a reconsideration of the vote agree-
ing to the amendment. I refer to the amendment
striking out in the second section the words "under
such regulations as may be hereafter established."
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs upon the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Connecticut.
Mr. FOSTER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs suggests to me that I
had better let the bill stand as it was in this re-
spect. It was not my object, by any means, to
impair the bill, but to increase its efficiency. I am
persuaded that he has the same object in view;
and if he thinks my amendment will not increase
the efficiency of the bill, I will, with the consent
of the Senate, withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment may be withdrawn, if there be no objection.
The Chan- hears no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate,as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I see that these inspectors are to have a certain
rank. What is that rank?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Surgeons
have the rank of major, and these inspectors have
the rank of lieutenant colonel, and the medical in-
spector general has the rank of colonel.
Mr. HALE. I am notgomg to oppose the bill;
but I hope that at some Lime the Committee on
Military Affairs will present us with some view
drawn from the experience of other armies, show-
ing the necessity of giving rank to medical men,
and making them military officers before they dis-
charge medical duties. 1 do not believe a word
of it. I believe the contrary. I should be per-
fectly willing to give these gentlemen assimilated
rank, if you please, so that when they are in pub-
lic they may not be submitted to social inferiority,
as compared with officers of the line; but that it
is necessary to give military rank to a. surgeon to
enable him to discharge his duty does strike me
as a perfect absurdity. There is no such neces-
sity found in the largest eleemosynary institutions.
Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of the
Senator from New Hampshire, I will state that
the rank of surgeons at present is only assimi-
lated. They have no command of troops.
Mr. HALE. No command of troops J I do
not know what the Senator means by the com-
mand of troops. They command individuals;
they do exercise military authority; and this bill
is advocated by the Senator from Massachusetts
on the very ground that this rank gives them au-
thority to command and to be obeyed.
Mr. NESMITH. They command one another;
they do not command any line officer or any
troops.
Mr. IIALE. I think the Senator is altogether
mistaken, though he is of course better booked on
this subject than I am. He is mistaken, or these
doctors are, wonderfully. They think they have
authority; they do exercise itincasesthat I have
heard reported 
Mr. NESMITH. The doctors and the Senator
from New Hampshire are mistaken. I am satis-
fied that I am correct about it. They exercise no
sort of military control, except over one another.
They have no command of troops or of other
officers.
Mr. HALE. If I thought that wasso,Ishould
bo glad to have them submitted to; but the practi-
cal effect of the thing is otherwise. However, I
shall not take up time now on this subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A single
word in regard to the suggestion of the Senator
from New Hampshire. The Senator wishes us,
1 suppose, to bring in a bill to take away the rank
and grade of surgeons in the Army. The Senator
refers to the examples of othei nations. Let us
look at that for a moment. We have at the head
of our medical staff one brigadier general, and that
rank was given him only at the last session by an
act then passed. In the British army the head
man is a major general, and they have brigadier
generals in the medical staff, where, I take it, they
have fewer duties to perform than we have in this
gigantic war. In the French service, they have a
lieutenant general, as I am informed; atanyrate,
they have an officer of higher grade than a brig-
adier geneial at the head of the medical corps. I
think that in all the armies of Europe—certainly
in nearly all, for I have investigated in regard to
several of those nations—the medical men have
this grade and rank. I am told that in some of
our hospitals, where we have had to hire surgeons
tfrom civil life, who are not mustered into the ser-
vice, who have no authority whatever, there has
been such confusion and such disorder, because
the surgeons could not use authority, that they
had to be displaced by surgeons in the service who
had rank, and who could exercise positive author-
ity, who were empowered to exercise authority.
A bill framed and carried through on the idea of
the Senator from New Hampshire would lead to
the most deplorable disorganization in the hospi-
tals of the country.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is mistaken, the Senator from Oregon or the
Senator from Massachusetts is mistaken with him;
because the Senator fiurn Oregon says that these
surgeons have no military authority, except over
one another, and the Senator from Massachusetts
says that they have authority, and that where
volunteer surgeons, who have not this rank, who
have not ft right to command and to speak with
authority, have been lured m hospitals, it has led
[ to confusion.
i Mr. NESMITH. With the permission of the
j Senator, I will correct the statement 1 made. They
! have authority to command one another, and to
1 command sick men, but they eX'ncise no sort of
j authot ity or command oves troops in the field, or
1 over line officers, unh.-ss they are sick.
Mr. HALE. Well, we have got one peg
furiher.
Mr. NESMITH. There cannot be an instance
produced, I think, in the records of this country
where a surgeon has ever undertaken to comman d
troops.
Mr. HALE. In the field ?
Mr. NESMITH. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I do not know thai there is such
an instance; but I think that the Senator fro«i
Massachusetts has undertaken to speak in regard
to the condition of the English army andJhe
French army without the book. I lmve looked at
that matter, and I do not find it so in the Register-.
It may be as he states; but they are not so put
down in the Army Register, I have one of the
British Army Registers atmy room, which I got
for the very purpose of seeing if it were so. 1
could not find anything like what the Senator
says, and I think he is mistaken. I think in the
navy they have simply an assimilated rank; 'and
there is no necessity for giving'them anything
more, no necessity for giving them any military
authority at all, no necessity for dressing then!
up in shoulder straps, and letting them exercise
authority. The Senator from Oregon told me, in
the first place, that they exercise no authority ex-
cept over one another. He now admits that they
do exercise military authority over sick men.
Well, sir, I have heard of instances where that
authority has been very grossly abused.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is not
the fault of the system; it is the fault of the
men.
Mr. HALE. It is the fault of the system; and
1 tell you that a medical man never wants mili-
taty authority over his patients. If a medical
man does notcarry with himself, inhis own char-
acter, in his own person,in his own bearing,the
elements of everything that is necessary to en-
force the respect and obedience which is due to
him, you cannot give it to him by putting shoulder
straps on him. But, sir, I will not take up the
time of the Senate.
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator from New
Hanipslilie introduced a bill the other day, as the
chairman of the Military Committee states, to
abolish all military rank in the medical depart-
ment. I think his bill was predicated upon some
abuse which he had discovered. Some medical
officer had mistreated some soldier; some soldier
had died in consequence of neglect. In place of'
seeking a remedy against the individual who per-
petrated the wrong, he, under a misapprehension
of what was the duty of the medical officers, at-
tempted to strike at the whole corps, and desired
to abolish all rank because some single individual
had neglected a patient. Now, I will restate what
I stated before, that these officers exercise no sort
of military rank, except assimilated rank, and
they get the same pay as officers in the other de-
partments of the Army of corresponding grades.
A paymaster in the Army does not attempt to
command troops; a commissary of subsistence
does not attempt to command troops; they exer-
cise no strict military authority in the command
of men; neither do the officers of the quarter-
master's department. The theory upon which the
Senator from New Hampshire proceeds would
be to abolish all control which is now properly,
as I conceive, exercised by officers of the medi-
cal department of the Army. For instance, if
three thousand soldiers were sent to a hospital, he
would permit a man to go there and doctor them*
and he would not allow him to exercise any sort
of constraint; the men would do as they phased,
and the doctor would do as he pleased. The con-
sequence would be that it would be a subversion
of all sort of discipline and order, and you would
have a chaotic mass, without any head or regu-
lation. I think the powers which are exercised
by officers of the medical department to control
sick men, and to control their subordinates, are
very proper; they arc necessary; and without them
you would have'a state of the most infinite confu-
sion. They exeicise about the same power that
a physician in the Senator's own village, in New
llampshne, would if he was called in to admin-
ister to him. He furnishes the medicine, gives him
the directions, tells him what to take. TftheSen-
atoi sees proper to lufuse to take it, I suppose he
would exercise that power; and I suppose a sol-
dier may do the same thing. It is an old saying
that you can lead a horse to the water, but you
cannot make him drink. The necessity for the ex-
ercise of the power is to control men, to control
the men m hospitals, where there is always a
crowd of convalescents and sick men about, who
need some salutary restraint. The Senator was
under an entire misapprehension in relation to his
remedy when he introduced his bill, and he is
now under as great a misapprehension in relation
