1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the immortal few not bom to die. If I turn a
deaf ear on this occasion to the arrogant preten-
sions of provost marshals and police officials, the
representatives of executive usurpations, it is be-
cause I prefer to fix my attention upon a lofty
and virtuous class, the iatchets of whose shoes
they are not woithy to unloose. If I am to be
denounced for my utterances here in behalf of lib-
erty and justice by the eager servility of the hour,
the storm will spend its fury m vain on my
head, sustained and protected as I am by the unan-
imous voice of those whom mankind has been
taught to revere as benefactors of the human race.
My eye shall not be withdrawn from the Consti-
tution as the guardian of liberty. I will not turn
away from the written law,judicially expounded,
for any consideiation of earthly importance. It
is to me the star that hovered over the cradle of
liberty in its infancy, the spirit which upheld
and strengthened it when tempted in the wilder-
ness, and the power which will roll away the
stone from its tomb if it should ever again be be-
trayed and put to death.
I belong,.sir, to a profession which is glorious in
history. 1 rejoice that I have spent someof the days
5 of my manhood in the study of a science in the
adornment of which Erskme and Curran, Web-
ster and Grimke spent their lives. The legal pro-
fession has had much to bear in the hostile criti-
cism provoked by an unworthy class who inhabit
the vestibule of her temple,and allure to their
meshes the unwary pilgrims who seek her shrine
for substantial relief. The artful trickery of ig-
noble minds has been assigned as an attribute of
the profession of the law, and its lower walks;
that pestilential brood which swarms around the
base of the pedestal of honorable f^me, has, to the
casual observer, sanctioned such a view. But this
js all unjust. There is an atmosphere near the
sun in which the great jurists of twenty genera-
tions dwell. They have been the forerunners of
legal liberty. They have never hung upon the
skiits of governmental progress. Other profes-
sions have formed technical barricades against the
advance of popular freedom, and questioned the
divinity of the people; but those who have drunk
deep from the fountains of that u perfection of
reason," English and American law, recognize
the voice of the people as the voice of God. It is
matter of record that the legal profession has been
the patient, the toiling, and the inspired hand-
maiden of liberty. 1 might dwell upon its services,
and recall the circumstances, in historical order,
which will forever commend its fame to the lovers
of free institutions, if the fleeting hour assigned
to me would allow. But these things will all sug-
gest themselves to the student of tiie law and the
student of history. I pause, however, to inquire
whether my brethren of the law have forgotten
the examples of the past; whether the exalted
chivalry of the profession is dead ? Do you stand
by power with its robes of purple, or do you
stand by the oppressed in destitution ? Is your j
motto the scepter of exaggerated and bloated an- |
thority, or is it the farmer at his plow-handle, in |
grand though humble demand for his rights as a j
free man under the Constitution ? The mission I
of the law, as th<> chosen apostle of freedom, has
always been to succor the oppressed, the feeble,
thesuffcring,and the poor, and to minister, in the
spirit of the great Master, to those whom Christ
blessed upon the mountain of Olives. Sir, forme,
my way is chosen. I shall turn my back on the
blandishments of executive power, and, though
prison, though death assail me in the pathway
of duty, I shall follow the examples and the pre- j
eepts of old, and vindicate alike the dignity of my I
birth and the honor of my profession by defend- |
ing the privileges of the people. To me this is a i
labor of love. My whole nature responds to its j
burning appeal. Wherever the spirit of unlawful j
aggression lias been repelled; wherever tyianny ,
has been defied and resisted; whei ever honest, up- j
ri°;ht manhood, in whatever condition found, has |
asserted its right to n glorious sovereign equality, i
there my heart has paid a devout pilgrimage, and ]
prayed for the success of every effort which tends
to enlarge the liberty of the citizen.
But, sir, the blow has fallen, and I turn to sur-
vey for a few moments its ghastly consequences.
In defiance of all law, in contempt of the judiciary,
in derision ofihe teachings of history,and m scum
and mockery of the holy piinciples of personal
liberty, the writ of habeas corpus stands suspended.
The will of the Executive has for more than a year
been the sole law of the land to which the outraged
citizen has been permitted to appeal. The Con-
stitution with its harmonious machinery ofjustice
has been set aside, and the exact principle of a
supreme and irresponsible despotism has reigned
in its stead. Nor has this been the mere naked
assertion of an unwarranted and dangerous power
on the part of the Executive, unaccompanied by
those revolting; scenes which always distinguish
an arbitrary from a free Government. It has borne
to the lips of the American people a fruit, in hor-
rible abundance, more bitter and deadly than the
Dead Sea apples of Sodom and Gomorrah. Sir,
how shall I dwell upon the deep humiliation, the
open shame which this Republic has suffered in
the impiisonmentofits loyal and faithful citizens ?
How shall I fashion my tongue to speak in the
hearing of a free people, in the presence of their
Representatives, surrounded on all hands in this
Hall by the symbols of liberty, and looking on
the benignant face of the Father of his Country,
of deeds enacted in our midst which recall to the
mind in all their frightful detail the mournful sto-
ries of the dungeon which have been wafted to us
across the ocean, and which come down to us from
ages of chaos, night, and cruelty ? Shall I stop to
countover in a melancholy array the names of those
who, without crime, without criminal charge,
with no law but the law of hideous violence, have
been seized by the rapacity, the felonious rapacity
of this Administration, and buried out of sight of
home, friends, and justice? The list would be a
long one, and would start tears afresh around a
thousand firesides. This task, however, must be
assigned to the impartial pen of history. A book
will some day take its place upon the shelves of
our libraries commemorating the wounds which
hbeity has received in this enlightened age, in the
wrongs and outrages inflicted on American citi-
zens. i am to-day dealing with the principle which
is involved, and a few instances of the licentious
abuse of power will illustrate the bold attempt
which has been made to subvert the liberties of
this Government.
No age, no sex, no condition in life has been
exempt from invasion, unlawful arrest, and im-
prisonment. I speak simply what every man in
the hearing of my voice knows to be true. I have
seen the ministers of the gospel of a peaceful Sa-
viour on their way to prison, leaving wife, children,
and congregation a thousand miles behind, for
preaching peace on earth and good will towaids
men. One, the Rev. Mr. Bundy, as 1 am informed
by my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Alles,] living"
in his district, was dragged away from the open
grave of his child, over whoso remains the burial
services had not yet been closed; denied the privi-
lege of returning to his house to take a final leave
of another member of his family then dying, and
hurried Jike an atrocious and dangerous criminal
to the safe-keeping of a cell. I have seen the
upright and conscientious lawyer seized by the
loathsome instruments of oppiession, forbidden
to console a sick wife, the mother of his children,
with a single word at parting, and conveyed by
furtive and rapid movements to a distant and ar-
bitrary military tribunal, because he had dared,
as became a freeman, to declare what he conceived
the law to be. I have seen men who had been
tiusted and honored in public life by those who
had known them most iut'  ately in every rela-
tion, arrested in my own State for no offenses
known to any law, and without warrant, without
commitment, made to eat u the bread which cap-
tives' tears have watered" in every age of despot-
ism. In the month of October last I met three,
friends, distinguished citizens of Indiana, who six®
yearsago sei ved as senators together in herLegisla-
ture. I met them, sir, su ving together in the same
prison a term uf imprisonment which had no other
duration or limit, no other beginning or end^no
other cause or conclusion, no other condition or
circumstance to support it than the mere arbitrary,
unlawful, unenlightened, and audacious will of one
man here in Washington city. Sir, as i stood
in their guarded room, listened to the story of
their wrongs, and looked out upon the sunshine
and the air—and the flag of the white man's free-
dom floating in the distance—strange thoughts
possessed my mind, and strange visions arose be-
fore me. A new sensation penetrated my heart.
1 seemed to dwell for awhile beneath the shadow
of the Bastiie, and hear the cries and groans which
finally rent its walls. The dungeons of Austria
opened around me, and the prayers of their vrc4
tims for hbertyseemed to filial! space and all tim#,:
The damp vaults of Venice and the tearful caf*
ems of the Spanish Inquisition yielded up theft*
horrible secrets. The Tower of London, that
melancholy tomb of genius and of beauty , thS
imperious form of Henry VUI, the headsrrfan'S
ax, the reeking block, all became distinct to my
view; and I looked, as it were, face tofaceJntcr
the frightful, appalling countenance of tyranny.
1 studied its ferocious and revolting features" itf
the light of historical associations. But when I
came to reflect on all this, and reason from cause
to effect, 1 found that precisely the same terrible
principle of oppression which has disgraced the
past, and filled other countries with tears and
blood, was triumphing in my very presence. I
turned away, and took my " appeal from tyranny
to God."
.But, sir, the 'people of this whole country and
of the civilized world have beheld worse scenes
than even these enacted in our midst. This House
has been invaded. The principle of popular rep-
resentation, on which the theory of this Govern-
ment is based, has been assailed in the illegal and
brutal arrest of two members of the American
Congress. The honorable gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. May] early fell a victim to the spirit
of executive usurpation, which has since spread
like an evil shadow over the entire land. He had
dared, in an hour of envenomed popular frenzy,
to raise his voice in this Hall and assert, in no
suppliant tones, his rights as a Representative.
He had dared to assert that the Constitution of
the country was binding in all its provisions, in
time of peace as well as in time of war, and that
his allegiance was due to it and not to the party
which had ascended into power by trampling it
under their feet. In the exercise of his undoubted
prerogative as a legislator, and in accordance with
his sense of duty as a citizen, he had brought
forward measures here looking to a speedy and
peaceful solution of that unnatural strife which
has turned our rivers to blood and lined our once
fraternal borders with a thousand miles of grave-
yards—not the sweet resting places of those who
lie down to sleep together in peace at the close of
happy lives, but where hostile specters will forever
haunt the dismal scenesand vex the air with shrieks
of undying hate. For these acts of duty as a Rep-
resentative, and these acts alone, sir, the honorable
gentleman from Maryland was arrested, and made
to feel the iron of helpless captivity enter his soul.
The sanctuary of his home was invaded at mid-
night, that fit hour for the assassination of liberty,
by an unknown band of armed men, who searched
every privacy of domestic life, and then tore him
with violence from a young and delicate family,
with that total indifference to agony and despair
which so well becomes the callousagents of crime.
He was thrust in to prison, and became the recipient
of all those odious indignities which it is the trade
and calling of jailors and turnkeys to inflict on
noble minds and exalted natures. He languished
inside of the bars of iron and the bayonets of sen-
tinels until the caprice of the Executive threw
open the doors of his cell and told him to go. As
he was arrested without charge, guilty of no of-
fense, impiisoned without authority of law, pun-
ished without trial, so he was released from con-
finement without an explanation and without a
hearing under the Constitution. This case, in a
few brief sentences, comprises the ultimate point
of a wanton and reckless despotism. And what
I have said of it applies in pi inciple with the same
force to the case of the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Allen.] Both are repi^sentatives
of the people on this floor, and both have been
subjected to punishment due alone to criminals
by the arbitrary and lawless edict of one man
for the exercise of their opinions. Sir, do we
live in a republic or an absolute monarchy? Is
this an American Congress or a Roman Senate in
the most abject days of the Roman empire?* Is
this an assembly of freemen or a French assem-
bly in the days uf Louis XIV? How much more
are we expected to bear? What deeper degrada-
tion is to be inflicted on us? If one member of
this body can be arrested for his opinions and
made to feed on the damp vapors of a living tomb
during the pleasure of the Executive, so can ail
the rest of us who do not, with bated breath and
words of whispered humbleness, bow ourselves
