1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
its gigantic progress; and in the midst of ail this,
and under all circumstances, it has waited on the
fortunes and espoused the cause of liberty with the
unmeasured devotion of a knight-errant of chiv-
alry, and the undaunted courage of the Lion Heart.
Such a racc will take no step backward. It will
submit to no diminution of its glory. It will sur-
render none of its high prerogatives. Revolu-
tions and changes may retard its progress for a
brief season, but they can no more defeat its ul-
timate success in all that is great in conception and
sublime in execution, than the storm which lashes
the waves into fury can annihilate the ocean. My
faith, which brightens the future to my eyes, is
founded on the blood which the American people
have inherited from this lofty race. It wiil never
bend the servile knee to executive dictation. It
wears an erect port and an elevated crest. It has
defied the insolence of power in every age of its
history, and it defies it now. Yes, sir, the Amer-
ican people have suffered the outrages of execu-
tive usurpations, and they have solemnly and de-
liberately uttered their defiance. The voice of the
Barons, the voice of John Hampden, and the voice
of Patrick Henry, crying, " give me liberty or
give me death," were all concentrated in the voice
of the people of this country, as expressed at the
ballot-box in the recent elections.
Much has been said in regard to the meaning
of these popular expressions. There are many
issues before the country, and I shall not at this
time seek to interpret at length the public, will on
any other than the one I have endeavored to dis-
cuss to-day.
it is true, however, that this Administration
stands condemned by the people in every essen-
tial particular, it no longer possesses the public
confidence. It is waging a war which it is no
longer pretended is to restore the Union as our
fathers made it. The constitutional rights of the
States have been abolished by proclamation, and
that portion of the slaves which are not to be lib-
erated by the sword are to be paid for by direct
taxation. A war thus conducted is a fraud on
millions of voters who have hitherto sustained it.
Its failure as a remedy for our national calamities
is palpable and absolute, even if war, under any
circumstances, could have brought us a restora-
tion of the Union. These and kindred questions
were decided in certain and distinct tones at the
ballot-box? jn October and November; but I can
do no more than give them a passing allusion on
this occasion.
But on the question of the integrity of the Con-
stitution and the protection which it affords to the
citizen, the voice of the people comes to our ears
with a sound equally plain and clear. It rang out
from the cities and plains, the mountains and the
prairies, in stern denunciation of every infringe-
ment which this Administration has made of that
holy instrument, and in favor of the preservation of
civil liberty, whatever else might perish. It de-
manded not only that the prison doors should roll
back and the victims of despotism be yielded up
to the guardianship of the law, but it demanded
also, in the sovereign and imperious tone of a free
people, that the audacious and dangerous principle i
on which arbitrary arrests have been made, and
speedy and public trials denied, shall be at once
and forever abandoned in the most open and ex-
plicit manner. Nor, sir, will the people give any
second warning on tlws subject. They intend to
be obeyed. They know themselves to be masters i
and not slaves. If the peaceful admonition of the j
ballot-box goes unheeded; if the reasonable and j
earnest remonstrance of an enlightened and pa- ;
trio tic people is lost on those who seem drunken |
and mad with power; if the insane wickedness j
which has ruled this Congress and launched the ;
present Administration on its schemes of ruin j
cannot be reached and restrained in its destructive !
career by the popular voice coming up here in j
all its impressive grandeur; then the sword, the !
sword, sir, must once more m the annals of the
world determine the ancient issue, so often bap-
tized in blood, between the absolute power of one
man,"and the inalienable, indestructible rights of
the masses. I speak plainly. The time for words
without meaning has gone by. You may pass :
this bill to piotect the Executive and his agents i
in the exercise of arbitrary power from theconse- !
quences of their own acts. You may place them j
above all responsibility. You may elevate them I
above the law, and say that it shall have no claims !
on them for the violations it has suffered. You
may say that the victims of their barbarous op-
pression shall be dumb in then* presence. You
may say that the citizen shall have no legal re-
dress for his wrongs. You may sanctify power
and outlaw liberty. Sir, no such law can be en-
forced. It will not, for one moment, be obeyed.
The courts will obey the Constitution, and so will
the people, but they wiil treat such a law as this
as an intruder and a miscreant on the statute-
book, and bid it defiance. Sir, we must look
the reality in the face, though we shudder at its
terrible features. We are treading on the thin
crust of a flaming volcano. There is coming woe
and disaster in the very air around us. The tre-
mor of the approaching earthquake is visible in
the ground on which we tread. The signs of the
devastating whirlwind arc gathering in the angry
sky over our heads. Already the deep mutter-
ings of its wrath can be heard m the distance.
Will you stand still in stubborn mutiny against
the raging elements of popular indignation which
injustice and political debauchery have aroused,
and be crushed ? There is but one pathway of
escape and safety. It is the pathway on which
the light of the Constitution is shining in all its
original luster. It is the pathway of the fathers,
in which the footprints of Washington and the
sages of that hallowed period are yet plainly vis-
ible. It is the pathway of justice, of truth, and
of honor. It is the pathway of constitutional
freedom, and leads to national life, union, and
peace.
Mr. Speaker, I am done. I take leave of this
subject. A greater or more important one to every
generation of men, in my judgment, was never
submitted to the consideration of a legislative body.
I have confined myself to the discussion of a sin-
gle issue; but the principles which govern it are
imperishable—instinct with eternal life, clothed
with immortality. The proudest works of human
hands decay; the brightest models of human wis-
dom grow old and give place to others; Govern-
ments are rocked to and fro by fierce revolutions,
and fall to the earth to rise again in some new
form; we all hasten on in ourbrief journey, soon
to take up our abode in the silent Necropolis—
the city of the dead; but liberty, liberty—that
divine emanation from the bosom of God to the
soul of man-—will survive every mutation, every
shock, every change. But if we expect to retain
the illumination and glory of its presence on these
shores; if we expect to transmit to our posterity
the exalted and priceless blessings which it be-
stows; if we expect to escape the reproach of
being false to the great trust which our fathers
reposed in our hands for present and for future
ages; if we would avoid the utter and absolute
overthrow of every principle which has signalized
this Government as aRepublic, and notadespot-
ism; if we, standing here on this narrow isthmus
of time which divides the living and thedead, with
the graves of our ancestors stretching back into
the past, and thcadvancingfootstepsof rising gen-
erations coming up 111 the future, would flee from
thejustand awful condemnation of both, we must
return—return without delay—to the plain, the
safe, and the immutable precepts of the Constitu-
tion. Let those who control the Administration
now in powergiveovertheirwanderings into dan-
gerous latitudes. Let them hastily retrace their
steps, and take their stand within the limits of the
law. Let them abandon their impious claim of
power outside of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. Let them purge their minds of that mad-
ness which dares to treat American citizens as
slaves. Let this be done, and public confidence
will once more brighten the face of the country,
and a new strength will spring up from a sense
of public security. Let this be done, and though
deep and dark calamities may overtake us, yet
the primary and fundamental object for which
this Government was founded—the establishment
of liberty—cannot be defeated. If, however, the
present policy is to be pursued; if there isto be no
change in the destructive career which now usur.ps
and supplants the Constitution and the laws, then
I declare my solemn belief that a seene of ruin is
near at hand in this once favored country, more
mournful than that over which Marius wept on
the plains of Carthage, and more terrible than the
picture of desolation which marked the destruc-
tion of the holy city of David.
Mr. DAILY Mr. Speaker, I have not trou-
bled the House much, but I especially want its
attention for a few moments at this time.. The
people I represent here are a loyal people. We
willingly pay our taxes and furnish our quota of
men to the war. We have endured, and we are
willing to endure more, to sustain this Govern-
ment. We are taxed, but have no right to vote.
We have held on and suffered, supposing that We
would get appropriations, but we have received
none. None are given because of the condition
of* the Government, to which we are as attached
as any other section of the country.
Now, it is told us by gentlemen that it will not
do, as is done by the bill under consideration, to
indemnify the President for the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus; that it is agdinst the Con-
stitution; that it is against the law; that it is in
contravention of the principles of liberty. Let
us look at the thing. We have men on this floor
who are continually crying outagainst the acts of
this Administration. Especially do they cry out
against the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
Why, the Constitution itself gives us this priv-
ilege. The Constitution gives us the power when
it says the privilege of the writo (habeascoiyus shall
not be suspended unless, in case of rebellion and
invasion, the public safety may require it. Is not
this a case in which the public safety requires it?
What are the facts in the case? The facts in
the case are that there is a party in this country
and a party in this House which has been con-
tinually finding fault with the Administration;
which is finding fault with the conduct of the war;
which is all the time dissatisfied with the purposes
of the war. And yet what do they give us in lieu
of these things? While the gentleman from In-
diana is crying out against the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, what docs he propose in
lieu of it for dealing with those gentlemen who
are in sympathy with this rebellion? There is
nothing proposed. The gentleman cries and talks
about peace; he speaks of compromises, and the
party talks of compromises of this question when
there is no principle laid down upon which we can
compromise. There is no way in which this thing
can be compromised. We may talk of the glories
of liberty, but how is liberty to be obtained and
sustained? We cannot do it by letting all those
who are in sympathy with this rebellion and seces-
sion go unpunished.
I declare here that the great fault of the Admin-
istration has been, and the great fault of the Ad-
ministration to-day is, that it has not and does not
arrest enough, and has not punished severely
enough. [Applause in the galleries.] We have
in this country to-day hundredsand thousands of
men who sympathize with this rebellion; and the
great mistake the Administration has committed
is that it has not gone straight to work, arrested
these men, and punished them as they deserve.
[Renewed applause in the galleries.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if
the disturbance in the galleries be repeated, I will
demand the absolute execution of the standing
order to clear them. It is true we all understand
this performance to be a screaming farco, but we
must be allowed to be the only actors in it.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. DAILY. You may speak of a farce as
much as you please, but 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Fenton in
the chair.) The gentleman will suspend a mo-
ment.
Mr. NOELL. My point of order is that the
remark of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
landigham] is in contempt of this House, as
speaking; of its proceedings as a farce.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The point made
by the member from Missouri is not well taken.
The word " farce" was not meant to apply to the
acts or orders of the House.
Mr. DAILY. Mr. Speaker, it does appear to
me as though there had been quite a farce going
on in this House for the last year.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM and others. We
agree to that.
Mr. DAILY. There has been a party in this
country whose cry has been that they were for
the Government and theUnion, and who by farci-
cal expressions and appearances have been try-
ing to make the country believe it, while in reality
they were opposed to the Government, and the
Union. Their acts speak louder than their words
do here. They went to the country at the elec-
