1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'125
the vast majority of the individuals who availed
themselves of the benefit of the act were hopeless
bankrupts, who never could by any possibility,
as they were situated, pay their debts. By the
act they were relieved from a burden of debt too
grievous to be borne, and which excluded them
practically from following the various pursuits
and occupations to which they were accustomed,
and really diminished the amount of productive
labor in the country. The amount of debt which
these petitioners represented that they owed was
the immense sum of $440,934,615 01; and the
amount of property belonging to those bankrupts
was only the sum of $43,697,307 13, making of \
course a very small dividend on the amount of \
debts which they owed. |
Now, sir, if the operation of a bankrupt law j
was to relieve a man from his debts by paying a !
trivial dividend to his creditors, cutting the credit-
ors off from availing themselves of any advant-
age which but for the act they would have against
the debtors, I should not be in favor of it; but if
these men by no possibility had the means of
paying these debts, what possible object was there,
so far as legislation is concerned, and so far as the
rights of creditors are concerned, in continuing the
liability of men to pay debts which they have no
possible means of paying? Is the creditor profited
in any sense by having a claim against a man
who is utterly without the means of paying it?
It is an imaginary benefit, if any. It is a rod to
hold over the head of the unfortunate debtor,
which does no good to the creditor, but which is
an insuperable obstacle to the prosperity and
causes immense evil to the debtor.
To show that Ism right in my views as regards
the effect of that law while it was in operation, I
shall refer very briefly to some portion of the in-
formation which was derived by the Senate in the
year 1843 from a resolution which they passed
calling upon the Department of State to furnish
information in respect to the operations of the law
and its effect upon the country. The resolution
was passed on the 13th of December, 1842, di-
rected to the Secretary of State, calling upon him
to obtain the information. Mr. Webster was then
Secretary of State, and he addressed circulars to
the judges and clerks of the various district courts
and the district attorneys throughout the United
States, and obtained answers at various times,
which were communicated to the Senate. I shall '
not, of course, take up much time in calling atten- i
tion to these communications, and shall only do
so to the extent that is necessary to verify my |
assertion that so far as the operation of that law (
was concerned it was beneficial and salutary. The i
opinions of Judge Story, Judge McLean, Judge :
Daniel, and Judge Thompson, of the Supreme :
Court, are contained m these communications, as i
alsotheopinionsof various district judges, clerks, j
and district attorneys; and the general drift of !
them all, indeed almost uniformly these commu- ;
nications bear testimony in favor of the beneficial j
operations of the law. Some of them suggest ■
amendments or modifications; but in regard to the ;
general operation of the law, considering the wide !
extent of country and the various opinions which 1
men arc apt to have on a subject of that sort, there :
is a remarkable unanimity as to its salutary effect ,
in the opinion of these gentlemen, who witnessed ;
its operation more directly than any other per- '•
sons. Judge Story says:
" It is difficult to «peak with any positive certainty as to 1
the effects and opeiation of ttie bankiupt act fiom  uch a ■
limited oxpencnce and observation as the short pi*nod in ,
which it lui* been in f'oice can supply. To give that ,-yc;-
tern a fair and just trial,and to a<-ceiiain it-? tiuc op^iafion ;
jnid le.-tilt*, will, in my judgment, require at least fivo jcars i
of Meauv action upon it. In the pte-cnt state ot'thins-' it
i* highly piobable that different minds will atnve at very ;
difieicniie.-iiHs; and 1 have nodouhtthat, in ditferentpart^ i
oloui extensive country,the system ha> woi ked with con- i
Mdeiable inequality, and will therefore give ri-e to differ- |
fitt opinion-* a-> to its benefits and its utility. Time, and 1
time alone, can <olve the whole piobleni. Neveitheless, ■
in compliance with youi leqnest, I have not the Migh^est |
hesitation in >a\ i g I hat, a-? far a*: my obseivation and ex- ,
put icnec extend in my own circuit, (whet e applications for 1
liie benefit <>t the aet have not been le?s than live thousand.) '
the cy-aem ha*, woi ked well, and been loi the public benefit, !
as a cheap and expedition^ means of acco-nph'-hing the j'ift i
ends ofal1 law   of this ^mt. ]. Ithas promoted maiiyequit- ^
able eunipinun*' - Ik nvecn debtois arxi cteditois. 2. ft ha1? i'
given iehef toa \etj iaiire cla-^ of pooi, mifoi tunate. and !
honest debtor-, wIkm' pjoperfy ha> been lost by misfortune. :
and who-e only mean-, or a return to bnsine-<, with any
chance of successoi encoinngeniont. is by adi^chaisro uu- 1
dcr the act. 3 It has enabled creditors to snatch from the i
ruins the liagmenNot propylty of their debtors, and to com- 1
pel them, when unwilling to surrender it, to submit to an
equal distribution."
He goes on to say, after some other remarks:
" I am well satisfied that it has not done to these credit-
ors generally any harm or mischief. They have received
their share of all the debtor had, be it more or less."
"I believe, not one case in fifty, and probably not one
case m a hundred, has given ri&eto any controversy of this
sort in my circuit; and whetc they have occurred, the fraud
has been met, and relief granted to the creditors."
In speaking of England, he says:
" So far from the statesmen of that country being willing
to sutrendei the system, they adhere fiuniyto it; and even,
at the last session of Parliament, added many improvements
to it; not reptiicting but enlarging its operation. X draw
the cooclusioit, therefore, that my own limited experience
is confirmed by the very large experience oi English states-
men."
It would be tedious to go on reading these dif-
ferent opinions, and I shall not tax the patience
of the Senate by doing so. I shall read but n very
few words from the communication of the district
judge of my own State at that time, since de-
ceased, upon the operation of the law, and shall
not occupy time further upon this part of the sub-
ject. Judge Judson says':
"Ample opportunity has thus been furnished for me to
perecive the effect ami opeiation of the law, in this district
at least. It may not be impropcrhere to notice that effect
upon the creditor, the debtor, and the public. Ilovv, then,
ha* the interest of the cieditorbeen affected? Thus far, I
have not seen a case of di.^cbaigc whore the condition of
the creditor has been made worse or tendered more hope-
less than it actually was before the passage of the law. un-
less the creditor derived hope and gratification fiom the
power of holding ins debtor m perpetual bondage, and
standing between linn and all his domestic comtoits, and
the good he might do the community. Privileges, benefits,
and powers like these made the creditors  >o richer, and
the sooner dissipated the better forhim. Nine tenths ot the j
eases have proved uttei insolvents of five or six years'
standing, duung which time the creditor must have been
satisfied theiu had been no improvement in the condition
of the debtor. His ability to pay was, in fiu*t, growing
worse, [t would seem that this was a sufficient length of
tune lor the rieditois to indulge tht-Mcvain hopes. Should
an obligation attended by such cncnmstanecs cease to e.xist
by the laws o{ the land, it is difficult for me to see how the
obligee has sustained any lnjuiy. He lose* nothing when
he parts with a phantom. The effect of this law thus far
has not been injuuous or prejudicial to the rights of the
creditors.
" -"2. How has it affected the debtor? To him relief has
b"en afforded—relief to his mind and relief'to his energies.
Before the enactment of this law he could hold no visible
piopeity—he could possess no means for a month, or even
a single day, without having it seized bv the process ot at-
tachment, and saeriliced. not in leducmg the debt, but m j
the payment of co^ts and fees to the ministers ot the law. j
lint now he may laftor i:i the hope of reward, m the pros- |
pcet, too, of feeding, clothing, and educating his familv. A
tarmei must have his stock as well as the undisturbed pos-
session of the soil he cultivates before iie can proeuiea
crop. These he eonld not bold, tor a« soon as either found
its way into his hand* through the kindness of friend*, or as
the result of his own mdtistiy, the State attachment pioeess
lollowcd in quick siicces-aou.
"The mechanic nee/Is something more than his naked
hands; lie wants the raw material, that he mav add to it
his own labor and sk'll, befoie anything can be accom-
plished for bimscli oi family/'
lie goes on to speak of the merchant, and then
says:
"The foregoing remaik* are designed to apply particu-
lailyto that branch of the law which admits voluntary j
cases. Theie i-yet another interest. ;
u The compulsory piovi^ion^ of the, a^t enable creditors i
to do justice to tneiiwlve«, whore means exi*t, and the ;
debtoi is peiveifmg or h.izniuing tho^e means. When a .
trader has ins capital through the medium of cc-dir, it j
would svem that those woo, bvjnving bun the credit, have !
turni'-hed his capital, possess a joint interest m his asset*, !
and whenever in their judgment this becomes penlous, i
they should have the powe",, as this law affords them, of \
lecalhntr the mean- intrusted to hi* rare, and of d ividing
this joint inteie*t upon equitable principle.-. Thoie are now
but veiy lew who complain ol this part, of the law. All !
have witnessed the op< lation? ot the law m this bianeh ot !
it, and acknowledged its entire ju-tice. Every case of tins j
character, which I have seen, inn produced much good. ,
In many of theM) plans )t<ul been deviled to divert ■
that pioneitj, which ot right belonged to all the cieditor*, i
to a tew favoiites, raid exclude from ad participation m it ]
tiie geueial creditors." j
These, Mr. President, are the views of gentle- \
men who had the best opportunity for observing j
the effect of our bankruptlaw of 1841; and I think |
any gentleman who is not familiar with the inform- ■
ation submitted to the Senate under the resolu- j
tion aF< to the efTectof tbelav/, jf he will read over ;
what the volume contains, will be satisfied that !'
the law was, as I have slated, salutary, and that
its repeal was a misfortune to the commercial in- j
terestsand the trading community of the country, j
It may be asked, if that were the case, how came ,
the law to be repealed ? We knoxv that we some- ;
times do very unwise things ourselves; and there- i
fore, perhaps, we may without o(Tense say that this i!
body, before we were connected with-ilydid un-
wise things. There may be some here now- who
were here at that time, though I believe not. Those
of us who remember anything about the operas
tions of those days, know that party spirit ea-me-
in, and that the bankrupt law was thrown into the
arena of party politics; and where a question is
so unfortunate as to get in that position, its merits
or demerits have but little to do with legislation
upon it. It was repealed, repealed by a pretty
large majority in this body; but very wise men,
very able men, very experienced men voted against
the repeal, and insisted upon the continuance oftfre
law.
In regard, then, to the experience of our coun-
try upon the subject, it seems to me that we have"
had sufficient experience to justify us in saying
that a bankrupt law is salutary and necessary;
and if we had not, we are at the present time in a
condition to make the call for a bankruptlaw more
imperative, in my opinion, than it ever has been
before; and if a bankrupt law were never neces-
sary before, it seems to me that it is necessary
now. I need not advert to our present unfortu-
nate condition. For two years past, trade and
business have been so embarrassed in this country
that failures among mercantile men, indeed among
all men who were engaged in any trade or busi-
ness, have been greatly more numerous than they
ever were before in this country^ great as have
been the previous shocks to busiVess and credit.
The failures in -1861, where the liabilities were
over $5,000 each, amount, from returns actually
made, to nearly seven thousand, representing an
amountof debts of between two and three hundpfcd
million dollars, for which men during that year
failed in this country. The number of bankrupts,
under these circumstanccs, is thousands; a great
many thousands. Some of them undoubtedly are
dishonest men, ftnd those dishonest men may avail
themselves of the provisions of this bill, by pos-
sibility, if it passes; but the great mass of these
men are, I believe, honestly insolvent—hopelessly
insolvent. It is certainly desirable that we should
relieve them of an intolerable burden, if we can
do so without injuring the rights of the creditor
class, and surely it is no injury to the creditor to
relieve his debtor from his obligation to pay, when
he is hopelessly unable to pay. It is doing the
debtor class, counted by thousands, a great ben-
efit, without doing any injury to the creditor class,
(who, I agree, arc also to be counted by thou-
sands; and their interests are just as important,
and should be guarded just as vigilantly as those
of the debtor class,) without in any manner im-
pairing any valuable right belonging to them.
If these creditors, without a bankrupt law being
in operation, can in no way coerce these debtors
to make any payment, can in no manner reach
the fraud which their debtors may have perpe-
trated, this bill, so far from impairing the rights
of creditors, will actually enlarge those rights; for
it will give to the creditors in every case the power
of putting each man who comes before the court
for the benefit of this law, under examination.
The creditor can examine the petitioner, the fraud-
ulent bankrupt, if he be a fraudulent bankrupt,
with the utmost scrutiny which the most grasp-
ing creditor can desire. If fraud has been com-
mitted, this bill will enable the creditor to unravel
and discover that fraud, and bring it out fo pub-
lic observation. The provisions of this bill are
ample in that respect; and it gives to the court,
too, power, where satisfactory cause may be
shown, to call even upon the wife of the bankrupt
who is asking for the benefit of the law, and to
have an examination of the wife as a witness upon
oath as to the condition of her husband, and the
disposition of his assets, and the manner in which
he has managed his business. It by no means is
intended to give to debtors a right to escape the
payment of their honest debts. It intends, though
perhaps it may do it ineffectually, to guard the
rights of creditors, and to give them the benefit of
a searching examination, as searching as any
creditor can make it, as to the ability of the debtor
to pay, and requires a minute and full account of
his transactions in business, and the disposition
he may have made of his property; this law
will prove a blessing to the honest, unfortunate
debtor, be no injury to the creditor, and prove
salutary in its effect on the community.
The question then, Mr. President, is, shall we
pass a bankrupt law ? That this bill is a perfect
