mm
WM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
tions last fall, and profess to have obtained a ver-
dict in their favor; and they come here ami hold
up this verdict of the country and say, " look and
see what the country has said," " see what the
people have said in the Jute elections;" when, in
fact, the issue has never been presented to the
people, and when they have never decided as these
men here would fain represent that they have de-
cided.
Why, sir, what did they do at the elections last
fall? They went before the people declaring tfcat
they were in favor of a prosecution of the wai to
thefullestextent, and declaring that no peace, no
truce, or anything of the kind should be made
with these rebels while in arms, and that they
were in favor of the most vigorous prosecution of
the war. But we find to-day that these Demo-
crats come here and use that expression of the
country as being an expression in favor of peace
and in favor of a truce, and against the manner
in which the war has been conducted. You may
rest assured that those men are calculating with-
outtheir host. I tell you there is a feeling under-
lying the people of this country which is most
radically in favor of no quarter; which is in favor
of prosecuting this war to theextreniest point, and
in favor of putting down this rebellion by any and
all means.
And these men, who think they have got a ver-
dict of the people in their favor, will find, when
they return to the people with their present doc-
trine and their present positions,that they arc very'
much mistaken. You must remember that their
position has been changed since they were before
the people last fall. Then they were in favor of
a vigorous prosecution of the war. Now they are
in favor of a truce, of peace, of compromise. In-
deed, you cannot tell exactly what they are in
favor of, but you can tell what they are opposed
to. They are opposed to the Administration, op-
posed to the manner in which the svar is carried
on. You cannot name anything which they will
not find fault with. We hud ail this tiling in the
revolutionary war. We had men in that day who
were opposed to the revolutionary svar—men who
fount).,fault, and men who were disheartened.
I agree with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
VooRHEKb] Umt this is a great question of liberty,
liberty for mankind, not only for the people of
this country, but for the people of the whole earth
and for all time; and it will take hold not only of
the people of tins nation, but of all the nations of
the world, which are looking to us with interest
and anxiety. It is the great principle of liberty
for which we are struggling, but it is not the lib-
eity to sympathize with secession,and with those
who are seeking to give aid and comfort to this
rebellion. It is not that liberty which is in dan-
ger, but the liberty of the gieat masses of this
countiy. Why should we yield more respect to
those who are in sympathy with this rebellion
than we give to the great principles that are at
stake in tliis stiuggle?
Weall know that when this war commenced we
had sympathizers with the rebels; but for a season
that sympathy was hushed and the great tide of
liberty in favor of this war overran everything,
and carried sway for the time lieing. Out these
symputhizeiscooperatiug, gathered strength from
the prolongation of the wai, and they are trying
to'turn thu'protracted ^yar to the interest of the
South. No one has any doubt of thnt matter.
We see it in all their acts. They were justly
characterized the other day by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens,] when he said
they speak one thing but mean another. They
ate continually saying they are for the Union, but
we see by their acts they are entirely dissatisfied
\yth whatever takes place.
If these men are dissatisfied with the conduct
of the war, why is it that they do not come out
and give us a better policy ? Do you want a truce;
do you want to iiave a convention with these
southern rebels and make terms of peace with
them? Is that what you want? We all know
that when we fail to meet with that success we
desire, it is very natural to find fault. Nothing
is more natural. Why, sir, this state of things
has existed from the commencement, and 1 see
that at a meeting held in the State of Indiana, in
January, 1861, and which was addressed by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vooiuiees,] cer-
tain resolutions were passed. I will read an ac-
count of that and of another meeting, taken from
a paper 1 hold in my hand:
" Resolved. That if no concessions and compromises can
be obtained, and a d^umon shall unfortunately he made
between the northern and southern Slates, then the com-
mercial, manufacturing, and agricultural interests of the
people of this country require us to say that we cannot con-
sent that the Ohio river shall be the boundary line of con-
tending nations, and we earnestly desire that if a line is to
be drawn between the North and* the South, that Line shall
run north, of its.
"On Thursday, the 11th of April, a meeting of the 'De-
mocracy5 wad held in Groencnstlo, at which D. VV. Voor-
hees made a speech. The Sentinel of April 13 contains
a report of the speech coined from Voorhees's organ and
adulator, the Terre Haute Journal. Among other things-,
he says:
" ' Indiana had no quarrel with the South; had no reason
to wage war upon her; for the South had always been the
friend of the Wot, while the eastern States had done uli
in their power to cripple u^ in our infancy.
"' I say to you, my constituents that as your Represent-
ative, I will never vote one man, one dollar, or one gun to
the •Administration of •Abraham Lincoln to make war upon
the South. to carry death and deflation to the laud of
Washington, Jackson, Clay, and Joe Daviess. Never.
Never.'
<{The Terre Haute Journal says:
"'The rehouse to the declaration was unmistakable.
A perlect furore of applause followed the announcement of
this patriotic ir-cntimont.'"
That was in 1861,and that resolution wasadopt-
cd at a meeting at which the honorable gentleman
who has just taken his seat made a speech. I was
born and reaied in that district of country, and I
know the feelings of the people there; 1 know the
smothered secession sentiment that lingers theie,
and which, to-day, finds vent in the country and
in this House*, but I tell you there is a tide which
will arise, and will overwhelm these gentlemen,
so that in a few years, at the furthest, they will be
looked upon as despicable in the eyes of this na-
tion as (he Tories of the Revolution were, because,
disguise it as you will, their whole stiength is vir-
tually thrown n^ainst the unity of tins Govern-
ment and against the prosecution of the war. They
seek to create division and distraction by raising
false issues. Weaie continually warned in this
House that the great Northwest is going to unite
with the South and leave out the eastern States.
1 know they say,at the same time, they only warn
us, that they are opposed to it themselves,and do
not intend to do it, but they give you the warn-
ing. We liave had a warning to-day that we must
look out for the consequenccs if wego on punish-
ing men who are guilty of tieason and sympathy
with the rebellion.
There is a great deal said-with regard to the
pro.M eutioo of this war. We are told that we
must resort to no measures that are not justified
by the rules of civilized warfare. They tell us
that we cannot raise any more volunteeis in the
North; that a conscription will be resisted, and
that to enroll negroes and make warriors of them
is against the policy of the country. They tell
us that we have been carrying on this war for two
years and have done absolutely nothing, that the
southern confederacy is stronger to-day than it
was at the commencement; and yet they claim
that we can do nothing further to prosecute it.
They insist that no moie white men will enlist at
the North, that a conscription will not be tolerated,
and that if you could enlist negroes they would
not fight. Ail this amounts virtually to saying
that we had better give the war up and make a
compromise. That is the effect of all we hear
from these gentlemen.
1 tell you, sir, that I am in favor, and I believe
that the people of this country are in favor, of
using all the means under heaven known to hon-
orable warfare to put down this rebellion; and I
believe there is no other mode in which it can be
done so effectually as by turning to our own use
those who have thus far been the chief support
and right-hand power of this rebellion. The idea
that they will not fight is all humbug. There is
no mistake about it; they will fight.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mi. Forney,
itH Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill (No. 483) to establish the gauge
of the Pacific railroad and its branches; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
INDEMNIFICATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the line of argu-
ment 1 propose to pursue during the hour which
belongs to me is general in its character, and will
not specially refer to the measure now pending
before the House. It will not, however, be found
substantially irrelevant to the subject; and as I
have already waited several weeks for the floor,
and the widest latitude has thus far been allowed
in this debate, I trust I shall be permitted to pro-
ceed without encountering any very strict con-
struction of the rules of order provided for the
government of this body.
In seeking to interpret the terrible conflict
through which our country is passing, and to de-
vise, if possible, a just and wise policy for the Gov-
ernment in its future action, the mind naturally
reverts to the past. There is a sense in which it
is well to let by-gones be by-gones, but we can
never afford to dispense with the lessons of ex-
perience. By an eternal law, as unvarying in poli-
tics as in morals, to-day is made the child of yes-
teiday and the parent of to-morrow—the past and
the present linked together in the relation of cause
and effect,and irrevocably woven into the future*
It is true philosophy, therefore, to profit by our
mistakes, to the extent of shunning their repeti-
tion, while causing the past to reappear where its
deeds have been worthy.
The triumph of the Republican party in 1869
was the triumph of freedom over slavery. 1 do
not say that all who supported Abraham Lincoln
were abolitionists, or even anti-slavery men, or
that all who opposed him were the advocates of
slavery. This would be very far from the exact
truth. What I affirm is, that hostility to slavery
was the animating sentiment of the men whose
deeply-rootedgconvictions and unquenchable zeal
made the formation of the Republican party a ne-
cessity, and nerved it with all its real strength;
while, on the other hand, the espousal of slavery
was the grand and darling pui pose of those whose
shaping hand and inspiring ambition gave life and
law to the Democratic organization.
I go further still. The contest of 1860 was not
simply a struggle between slavery and freedom,
but a struggle of life and death. Slavery, as a sys-
tem of unskilled labor, demands the light of un-
lestricted extension over fresh soil as a condition
of its life. This is a law of us nature, attested by
the Seminole and Florida wars, the seizure of
Texas, the war with Mexico, the repeal of the
Missouri restriction, theiaid into Knusus, and by
us entire history in this country. Cohfme it by
impassable boundaries, and it will turn upon and
devour its own life, and destroy both master and
slave. Slaveholders understand this perfectly,
and 1 do not marvel that their hostility was not
assuaged in the smallest degree by the Republican
dogma of non-interference with it in the States.
They knew that the exclusion of it from all Fed-
eral territory would not only putthc nation's brand
upon it in the States which it scourges, and con-
demn it as a public enemy, but virtually sentence
it to death. They believed, with our Republican
fathers, that restriction means destruction. They
knew that as the first dose of medicine given to a
sick man forms a part of the whole process of cure,
so the policy of limitation, asaifincipient remedy
for our great national malady, woulu be followed
by other measui es, moral, economical, and polit-
ical, which would ultimately but surely expel it
from the country. Hence they foughtRepnbhcan-
ism with all the zeal and desperation which could
be inspired by a great socuUand moneyed power,
threatened with suffocation and death. They were
simply obeying the law of self-preservation; and
I think it due to frankness to confess that the
chargc of "abolitionism," which they incessantly
hurled at the Republican party, was by no means
totally wanting in essential truth. When they
were vanquished in the election of Mr. Lincoln,
their appeal from the ballot to the bullet, was the
logical consequence of their insane devotion to
slaveiy,and their conviction that nothing could
save it but the ruin of the Republic.
Such was the issue decided by the people in the
last presidential canvass. It was the long-posv-
poned battle between slavery and anti-slavery,
fairly encountering each other at the ballot-box.
It was a struggle between two intensely hostile
ideas, wrestling for the final mastery of the Re-
public. Freedom, through the Republican party
as its instrument, triumphed over slavery, with
both wings of the Democratic party as its servants
and tools; for the distinction between Breckin-
ridge Democracy, and Douglas Democracy was
