1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
m
of other species of property. Sir, I will give you
one instance: a colonel, who is now a general,
undertook to fortify a little town called Lebanon,
in my district. He pressed some fifty slaves from
the neighborhood to work on the fortifications,
and he elected upon the top of the highest house
in the town a bench for himself to sit upon to
superintend the work and to direct the defense of
the place when it should be attacked. Before,
however, he could erect his fortifications, lie re-
ceived ail order to remove hjs forces and all the
public property from the town to the city of Louis-
ville. He assembled together the fifty negroes
that lie had pressed into the service, and made
a speech to them. He told them that they had
been in the service of (he United States, and thai
according to the legislation of Congress at its last
session they were entitled to their freedom, and
that if they would go with him he would pro-
tect them from being taken hack into service by
their owners and masters. Twenty-five of them
went home to t heir masters, and twenty-five went
off with the colonel. Property is thus withheld
by officers of your Army who are now in com-
mand m Kentucky guarding bridges, railroads,
and public property 111 the rear of General Rose-
crans; and where the owners of negroes thus se-
duced from their masters have gone to reclaim
them, conflicts have arisen, and shooting and stab-
bing have taken place. And I tell you now, my
fellow-members of this House, that unless you do
something to protect honest men and loyal men
from such outrages as these, you will iTave diffi-
culties with your Army stationed there which I do
not want to see. Such difficulties have occurred
jn various parts of the State. 1 now move to refer
the bill, with instructions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the gentleman's
munou. i yielded the floor to him for a statement,
and not for a motion.
Mr. WIOKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I cannot consent
to that. I vield now to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Lovljoy,] who desires to say a few
woids.
Mr. LOYEJOT. Mr. Speaker, 1 regret thatthe
gentleman from Ohio should, by his own consent,
allow any discussion of this kind. I am wearied
with this por.-ustent end shameless attempt on the
part of slaveholders— 
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman is object-
ing to my allowing any discussion, 1 shall have
to withdi :i w my consent' to his occupying the floor.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I have the floor, I believe.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman seems to \
have taken the floor by my consent, for the pur-
pose of censuung me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I legrutted that the gentleman
allowed ! his discission to commence. Th*U is all.
Mr. WJOKLHTE. Did you call this a shame-
less attempt ?
Mr. L0Y7J0Y. I do call it a shameless
attempt.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I am not surprised to hear ij
it from n man of your standing and position upon h
th >s door. ij
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois h
is entitled to the floor. !|
Mi. LOYEJOY. I call it a persistent raid !>
shameless attempt on the part of slaveholders to j|
tarn the Army of the United States, these brave j.
voluiiteeis, who of their own free will have pre- j!
themselves to sacrifice their lives upon the |j
altar of their country, to the base business of];
chasing and capturing fugitive slaves; and the -j
genth-man h< re, if it is parliamentary for meto ij
say so, lias the elirontery to appeal to the justice |!
of the Republicans in tins House. I want to know ;i
what justice there is in holduig any man in ;da- ij
very. These men have all the right to run away. ||
There is j Hot a s much reason why our Army ;j
bhould doli'.cr up slaveholders into the hands of
slaves, os that it should dchw slaves into the •;
hands of ehveholders—and much more reason;
f >:\ in a great many cases, the slave is a «uipo- .
;ior man in every way, mental, physical, and ^
mora!, to the master: and U sales ail that, his Joy-
ally js'ui,doubted. Now,! do not want to ergue jj
this any logger, but I do protest against this sab- <j
ject being lugged in and paiaded before the House; !j
against this miserable ulcer, which a shame to j;
any one. that has ir, boins uncovered here in the :i
presence of the House and nation while the na-
tional life is tiembling in the balance.
Mr. Speaker, if the rebels had friends on this
floor, if they had sympathizers on this floor, those
rebel friends and rebel sympathizers could not do
one thine more than is done on that side of the
House and retain their position on this floor. I
do not charge that they have sympathizers and
friends on that side; but if they had, their friends
could not go one hair's breadth beyond that point
which has been reached by a great many on that
side, and by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
WicKLirFE] in particular, if they really desired
to aid and help and give comfort to those rebels.
Every day the conduct of our Army is presented
here and reprobated. Every time that an officer
has shown himself loyal and true to the letter and
spirit of the legislation of Congress, his act is pa-
raded before us, andiscowdemned and reprobated.
And the whole of this is because our officers and
soldiers will not convert themselves into blood-
hounds to chase down negroes, slaves of men of
doubtful loyalty. 1 am tired of this; I call it a
shameless attempt as well as a persistentone; and
I hope the Rouse wid uniformly and promptly
vote down all such efforts as this. I will not de-
tain the House, but I could not let this subject
poss without a notice of reprobation.
Mr. BiNGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am very
sorry if, as a member of the Judiciary Committee,
S have incurred the displeasure of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,! by yielding to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickuffe;]
but 1 suppose that matters have been made even
by my yielding to the gentleman from Illinois. I
am one of those who think that where an adverse
report is made from a committee of the House,
the mover of the bill ought to be allowed to be
heard while he demurs to the report, at least if he
desires ii; and that any member who is opposed
to his view of the subject mny be h'-nrd in re-
sponse. 3 think the gentleman from Illinois has
said almost enough on this Mibject to satisfy any-
I may be ailowed, however, Mr. Speaker, after
what has been said by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, to say (hat in my opinion the reference given
to Ins bill by this House was the right one. If
theie is anything that properly belongs to the Ju-
diciary Committee, as one of the standing com-
mittees of the House, it is to consider the propriety
of reporting for the consideiation of the House
measures of this sort, which touch both the limit-
ations of the Constitution oil the one hand, and
the limitations of existing statutes on the other;
and I think it comes with an ill grace—if I may
be pardoned for saying so—from the venerable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wiciv.uffk,] to
repiove tins House for its action in the premises,
if he intends a general impeachment against the
committee, I prefer thnt lie should make it in due
form of law." I b"l:eve the committee has done
well in reporting advers"ly on this bill.
Mr. WiClvLIFFE. Will the gentleman allow
me to sav a word ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. "VVIUK'LIFFE. I was about to say that
I neither intended any reflection on the House nor
on the committee. I only stated that I thought the
bill ought to have gone to a special committee, but
I yielded to the judgment of the- House, and I now
expressed the opinion that f thought the subject
belonged more appropriately to the Military Com-
mittee than to the Judiciary Committee. God for-
bid that I should reiiect on that committee so long
as the distinguished gentleman from Ohio is its
organ.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr, Speaker, I believe I
have said enough touching the propriety of the
action of the House. I meant the House to un- ;
derstand thatthe reference was appropriate; and j
I bog leave to say, as the gentleman has reir..-i.ited ,
his opinion that the reference of the bill should i
have been to the Military Committee, that that j
reference would have been exceedingly mappro- j
priate—that is to say, if there be any distinctive ;
functions pertaining to the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary. _ . j
In my judgment, this bill is flatly unconstitu- i
tional; and I think that the principles involved in ■
it might, at some future day, if the Constitution t
of the United States be restored to its supremacy |
in every State of the Union, come home to plague
the venerable inventor of the bill. It affirms the i
authority of the Federal Government to institute
proceedings touching the rendition of slaves not
escaping from one "State into another, but re-
maining in the same State in whieh they are
claimed to be held, and to determine also the al-
leged rights of property in such case in slaves. .1
think that it is enough for mc to say of a measure
of this sort, that this is the first time in the history
of the Government when a bill has been gravely
entertained in Congress to conferany such author-
ity upon any official, either State or Federal. It
has been generally understood in this country that,
under the Constitution of the United Slates, and
in accordance with its provisions, the Federal
Government cannot by law intervene in the ques-
tion of aiding the reclamation of slaves remaining
in and not escaping from the several States in
whieh they are claimed to be held. I have heard
that proposition iterated and reiterated by gentle-
men en every side of the House more than once,
and by none more frequently than by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe.]
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow me to inquire of him whether, under
the principle which he lays down for our guid-
ance, of amplifying our constitutional powers dur-
ing the existence of this rebellion, he cannot find
room for the admission of a provision lik« this?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I allude to the opinion of
the gentleman from Ohio himself, not to the action
of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I could not find any room
for such provision; and if the gentleman ever com-
prehended my own position on this .subject, he
would know well enough that all that I have said
or attempted to do in this House would exclude
any such conclusion.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not profess to compre-
hend the gentleman's position on this subject,for
I consider it entirely incomprehensible.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman cannot
comprehend it, he should not have undertaken to
make any remark upon it; because, by doing so,
he falls into the position of the gentleman de-
scribed by the astute Senator from South Carolina
once, who seemed to be quite as lucid and forcible
on a subject about which he knew nothing at all
as upon a subject with which he was perfectly
well acquainted.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman and the
House will boar me witness that. I did not claim
to comprehend the gentleman's doctrine, for I put
a question to him to enable me to find out whether
the gentleman's doctrine of military necessity was
not broad enough to embrace the provisions of my
colleague's bill. I did nut claim to compiehcnd
fully his doctrine, for I contend that no member of
the House was ever yet able to do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has under-
taken a considerable job, when he undertakes to
gauge the intellect of every gentleman in the
House, as well as his own.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir. I think it would
take Omniscience to understand it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman goes still
further, and seems to set himself up as agauger of
the capacity of Omniscience itself.
Mr. Speaker, this is a bill, whether so designed
by its author or not, to supersede three existing
statutes: first, the new article of war; second, the
bill known as the confiscation and^ emancipation
act, passed and approved at last session; and third,
and not least in the legislation of Congress, the
bill which expressly provides that the Executive
of the United States may employ in the service of
the United States, for the common defense, the
slaves in the districts of country within which the
rebellion is laging, whether they be the slaves of
loyal citizens or of rebels, and which secures, in
the event of their rendering service to the United
States, their personal liberty. Tins bill proposes,
in contravention of the last act referred to, that on
a warrant issued, if yon please, by a red-handed
rebel, anywhere witnin the limits of this Union,
the Army—to use the language of this bill—shall
be ancsted on as inarch, even in front of the
enemv, and converted into a grand const\bulary
force fwr tli.. purpose of hunting down and seizing
a slave within its limits, described in that "warrant
as the propeity nf somebody, no matter whether
a rebel or a loyal citizen. Who does not know,
sir, that under the law of the United States as it
stands to-day, the Executive of the United States
