1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB?
purely metaphysical, and eluded, entirely, the
plain common sense of honest men.
JNow, sir, 1 hold that the people of the United
States, who earned and fairly achieved this great
victory, had a vested right to its fruits. They
had a right to expect the domination of slavery
over the national Government to cease. They
had a right to demand that all its Departments
should be committed to the hands of those who
believed in the grand idea on which the Adminis-
tration ascended to power. And the intervention
of the rebellion in no degree whatever released the
Government from its duty in this respect. The
rebellion did not refute, but confirm, the truth of
Republicanism. It was simply a final chaptcr in
the history of the slave power, an advanced stage
of slaveholding rapacity, naturally born of Dem-
ocratic misrule; and instead of tempting us to
cower before it and surrender our principles, fur-
nished an overwhelming argument in favor of
standing by them to the death.
I do not say that 110 man who had been identi-
fied with the Democratic party should have been
appointed to office, but that no man who regarded
with indifference the great principle which had
triumphed in the canvass; no man, certainly, who
was known to be hostile to that pt inciple, should
have been allowed to hold any Federal office, high
or low, civil or military, at home or abroad. This
was the duty of the Administration; for the sim-
ple reason that it could not decline it with fidelity
to the people who had installed it in power. The
Republican principle was as true after the election
as during the canvass; as true in the midst of war
as in seasons of peace; and just so far as we have
lost sight of this truth, just so far have we strayed
from the path of safety. Indeed, instead of put-
ting our principles in abeyance when the storms
of war camo, we should have clung to them with
ft redoubled energy and a dedicated zeal. Instead
of making terms with our vanquished opponents
by conferring upon them office and power, we
should have taught them that these were neces-
sarily forfeited m our triumph. And we should
have remembered that even our enemies would
brand us as hypocrites and cowards, if the Admin-
istration should be less distinctively Republican
in principle and policy than had been the party
which created it.
Very neatly allied to the policy of conciliating
our opponents, and thus building up their power,
was the project of a Union party, encouraged by
Republican politicians simultaneously with the
beginning of this Administration. Such a move-
ment, started soon after a heated political canvass
involving the issue of slavery and anti-slavery,
was utterly preposterous. The wargicwoutof the
very question which had organized our parties and
marshaled them against each other in time of
peace; and hence, instead of melting and fusing
them into one, their linos of division would be
brought out all the more palpably, and their an-
tagonisms all the more intensified. It was incred-
ible that pro-slavery Democracy, after having been
so thoroughly diugged aiid surfeited with the
heresies of southern lebels, should, in the twink-
ling of an eye, enter into cordial union with the men
it had so long traduced. What is now palpable
to all men, 1 thought obvious in the beginning,
that a union of Republicans and Democrats, on
the single question of putting down the rebellion,
ignoring the real issue out of which it sprung,
was simply a shallow expedient for dividing the
spoils of office, at the cost of a practical surrender
of the principles for which Republicans had so
zealously contended. I do not say that the dis-
ruption of the Democratic party was by any means
impossible. There was a vigorous, loyal element
pervading its rank and file which its unprincipled
leadership would have been powerless to control,
if Republicans had stood firm. If we had boon
perfectly true to our own principles, bating no jot
of zeal in their maintenance, and frowning upon
any movement which sought to soften down or
shade off the right-angled character of our anti-
slavery policy; if we had bravely accepted the
consequences of that policy, branding the rebel-
lion as the child of slavery, and the Democratic
party as the great nursing mother that had fed
and pampered it into this bloody revolt against
the Constitution; if, when the truth of our doc-
trines and theguilt of our opponents were written
down in the fires of civil war, we had called upon
all men to join hands with us in saving the coun-
try, the Democratic party would have heard its
death knell in the guns of Fort Sumter, and in-
stead of borrowing new life from the cowardice
and decline of Republicanism, would have crawled
to its guilty and dishonored grave. Only by per-
sistent fidelity to our own principles could we
hope either to break down the power of our foes
or maintain a real Union movement. This we
already had in the Republican party. If there is
anywhere a Republican who is not a Union man
I would be glad to know where he may be found.
This accursed war is upon us to-day because the
policy of the Government, under the rule of slave-
breeding Democracy, has so long been drifting
from the principles of our Republican fa-thers, as
reaffirmed in the Philadelphia and Chicago plat-
forms. The rebellion is a fulfilled prophecy of
Thomas Jefferson, and of all the leading anti-
slavery men of a later generation; and nothing,
certainly, should have been further from ourpurv
pose than to rush with indecent haste into the
embrace of unrepentant Democrats, when the very
life of the nation had been brought into deadly
peril by their systematic recreancy to the princi-
ples of real Democracy.
Sir, Democratic policy not only gave birth to
the rebellion, but Democrats, and only Demo-
crats, are in arms against their country. Demo-
crats fired on its flag at Fort Sumter. Jefferson
Davis is a Democrat, and so is every God-forsaken
rebel at his heels. A Democratic Administration
was in power when the rebellion first lifted its
head. A Democratic President, who could have
nipped it in the bud, allowed our Navy to be sent
to distant seas, our fortresses to be occupied, our
arsenals and navy-yards to be seized, and our
arms and munitions to be stolen. Democrats
clutched the Treasury of the Government and
robbed it of its Indian bonds. The distinguished
thieves and cut-throats who are known as the
leaders of the rebellion, such as Floyd, Thompson,
Yancey, and Cobb, are all Democrats. Not only
is it true that rebels are Democrats, but so are
rebel sympathizers, whether in the North or the
South. On the other hand, the Republican party,
so far as I can learn, has not furnished a single
recruit to the ranks of the rebellion. Loyalty
and Republicanism go hand in hand throughout
the Union, as perfectly as tieason and slavery.
In the hghtofthese piegnantfacts,Mr.Speaker,
we find no occasion for a new party. What we
should work and pray for is the success of our
principles, and this can only be secured by stead-
fastuessof purposeand associated political action.
We need something of permanence m our move-
ments, shunning that fickleness and instability
that would form a new party, with a new name,
for every campaign, and thus fritter away our
strength in the fickleness of our schemes, instead
of husbanding it for effective service. Republic-
anism is not like a garment, to be put on or laid
aside for our own convenience, but an enduring
principle, which can never be abandoned without
faithlessness to the country. It is not a succes-
sion of " dissolving views/' brought on to the po-
litical stage to amuse conservative gentlemen, or
to dazzle and bewilder the people, but the fixed
star which should guide us through the shifting
phases of American politics and the bloody laby-
rinths of war. Sir, not even to save the Union,
or to restore the blessings of peace, should we for-
sake its light. It is,because we loved our prin-
ciples more than peace that we are now in the
midst of war. We demanded a Union undercon-
dmonsthat would make it the servant of liberty,
and not the handmaid of slavery; and the rebel-
lion is the result. Let us accept it; and when we
are charged with producing it, let us reply that
the charge, if true at all, is tiue in a sense which
makes infamous the men who prefer it. In the
sense in winch the opponents of paganism caused
martyrdoms in the early days of the Church; in
the sense in which the enemies of the papa! power
in the time of Luther caused persecutions and
death; m the sense in which Thomas Jefferson
and the fathers caused the war of our Revolution,
we, who are called Republicans, caused the re-
bellion of which pro-slavery Democracy is pre-
eminently guilty. If we had allowed slavery to
take roof in the soil of Kansas, without resistance
or protest; if we had permitted it, through the
help of the Supreme Court, to fasten its fangs upon
all our Territories, so that neither Congress nor
the people nor any human power could remove
it*, if we had allowed it to go freely irtto the hob-
slaveholding States and set up its habitation in de-
fiance of State'enactments; if we had eonraenteti
to the revival of the African slave trade, and that"
our lips should be sealed against the right to talk
about it, except to talk in its favor;'if, in a worcl,
the people of the free States had been willing to-
trample under their feet the institatidrm of their
fathers, and to dedicate this continent to slave-
holding and slave-breeding forever, then we might
have had peace to-day, and an unbroken Unioft.'
But our Democratic peace would have been the
peace of the Pit, "stifling, suffocating, sultry
a peace infinitely more dreadful than th<j war we
have chosen to accept in the maintenance of our
principles; and our Union would havebeenacon-
federacy of corsairs, devouring humanity, defy-
ing God, exalting the devil, and gladdening the
heart of every absolutist and tyrant throughout
the earth. Sir, I rejoice greatly tlmt Republicans
had the courage to throw themselves between theii*
country and the eternal damnation to which Dem*
ocratic policy was about to consign it; and that
now, standing face to face with the dread realities
of war, they are still resolved to stand together
by the flagstaff of freedom. No st%) backwards1
is possible, nor was there any hope for the Re-
public so long astheGovcrnmentanditsadvisers
failed to realize this fact.
Mr. Speaker,! have indicated, in general terms,
the mistakes of Republican policy since the be-
ginning of the war. Many of our trusted lead-
ers have lost their way, while the Administration
itself has not been thoroughly Republican in its
policy. Foigetting the mere negations* of our
creed, it should have planted itself bravely on its
affirmations, pausing not a moment to apologize,
or deprecate, or. explain. The crisis called for ab-
solute courage, and the time had gone by forever
for any policy savoring in the smallest degree of
timidity or hesitation. The disasters of this war,
and the perils which now threaten the country,
find their be?t explanation in the failure of the
Government to stand by its friends, and its read-
iness to strengthen the hands of its foes. To a
fearful extent Democratic ideas, and Dem®<*atrc
policy have ruled this Republican Administration
from the beginning. Democratic policy,very soon
after the war began, speaking through our Repub-
lican Secretary of State, declared that '* the Fed-
eral Government could not reduce the seceding
States to obedience by conquest," and that<( only
an imperial or despotic Government could subju-
gate thoroughly disaffected and insurrectionary
members of the Statepersuaded the nations of
the earth that our struggle was nolan " irrepres-
sible conflict"between two forms of society,each
of which was aiming at absolute dominion over the
country, buta mere domestic tumult which would
subside in i( sixty days;" and ihattb£institution
of slavery, which the whole world now confesses
to have been the cause of the war, would not be
affected by it, but " remain subject to exactly the
same laws and forms of administration, whether
the revolution shall succeed or whether it shall
fail." Democratic policy, pouring its cowardly
counsels into the ear of the Commander-in-Chief
of our armies, tempted him to write a letter to Sec-
retary Seward, on the day before Mr. Lincoln's
inauguration, m which he scouted the idea of sub-
duing the rebel States by militaiy power, favored
the organization of a Union party and the aban-
donment of Republicanism, and recommended a
pacification on the godless basis of the Ciittenden
resolves of January, 1861, or that we should say
to our " wayward sisters,go in peace." Demo-
cratic policy made General McCIellan commander-
in-chief, by falsely claiming for him the victories
ofourarms in Western Virginia achieved by Rose*
crans, Morns, and Benham, and by the indorse-
ment of General Scott, who, as the country has
since learned, did not believe in the war which the
Government had inaugurated. Democi a tic policy,
through General Patterson as its representative,
detained a large army in the valley of Winchester
which should have marched against General John-
ston and his inferior force, instead of allowing him
to join Beauregard at Bull Run, thus securing the
defeat and rout of our army, instead of adecisive
victory which,else, would have crowned ourarms.
Democratic policy, through the authority ofGen-
eral McCIellan, kept the Potomac blockaded dur-
ing the fall and winter of 1861 and 1862; and when
the Navy Department insisted, as it did repeat-
