THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
December 18.
n*aiy,  through the Army* employ the slaves of
loyal citizens in the defense of the country, and
against these armed rebels; and that, in that event,
the slaves so employed are entitled to their free-
dom,? This is a proposition to interfere directly
with this humane and just law, and in fact to su-
ftersedeit and override it by a country magistrate's
warrant.
* Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to have the bill read to the House, and if
there be any provision of that kind in the bill, I
will agree to swallow it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I say the gentleman's bill
does provide expressly to arrest our Army on its
march, for that very purpose. Let me read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon the presen-
tation of such petition, the officer to whom it is presented
shall issue upon the same a warrant, process, and order, di-
rected to any marshal of the United States, or to any sheriff
or executive peace officer of a State or Territory, whose
duty it shall be to proceed to the camp, headquarters, or
place where the Army or any part thereof, in which the prop-
erty or slave is alleged to lie, whether the Army be in camp
or on the inarch. The officer m charge of «ne.h petition and
process shall present the same to the officer in command,
-whose duty it shall be to issue his order commanding all offi-
ces and soldiers under his command, and particulailysuch
as may have the possession or control or custody of such
property or slave, or in whose company or regiment the ?ame
may be found, to surrender the same to such officer, whose
duty it shall be to take the same, with the petition, before
the officer who issued the same, or to some other judicial
officer, if any reside near the place of arrest, and make due
return upon "the said process.
The gentleman from Kentucky said that he
would swallow it. I want him now to swallow
it with what grace he can. [Laughter.] There
it is, " whether the Army be in camp or on the
march," the commanding officer shall issue his
order to all officers and soldiers under his*com-
mand to make due return upon said process!
What a sublime spectacle this would present to
the country and the world ! The Army of the
United States, upon the march, arrested to sur-
render from their ranks a slave upon the warrant
of some civil, and, perchance, rebel magistrate,
who himself may be in this great rebellion. Ah!
sir, upon such a warrant, by the terms of this
bill, the Army, on its march for the defense of the
Union, must stop, and all of its officers and afl
• of its soldiers must be ordered to aid in the sur-
render of a slave.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Read the latter clause of
the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will read any clause of it
that the gentleman mav want read.
Mr. WICKLIFFE.'I want the whole bill read,
so that the House may understand it.- There is a
clause which expressly reserves the right to em-
ploy slaves for military purposes. This bill is
only to take from the Army slaves which have
been taken by force or otherwise, not for the use
of the Army, but for the individuals of the Army.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill contains no limita-
tion of the kind that the gentleman supposes in
regard to this slave process. When the process
issues, it is made the duty by this bill of the offi-
cer and of the soldier, whether in camp or on the
march, to suirender the slave; and on the final
hearing it is provided that if it appears the claim-
ant is not entitled to the immediate possession or
is not the owner of the slave, he shall be restored
to the officer or the person from whom he is taken.
The bill is general in its provisions. It contains
no limitation upon the power of the civil magis-
trate to issue the warrant, and is imperative in us
requirement that the warrant shall be obeyed by
the Army of the United States. It provides that
in every instance upon the ex parte showing of the
claimant, the warrant shall issue, add the \rniy
shall be arrested in its march, that the slave may
be surrendered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me read the sixth
section.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it any officer of
the Airny shall be guilty of peisuadmg or enticing ft '•Live
to leave tin' possession of hi> mastei, oi >h<iii u\.e Inns uy
force, he «.hall he gmlty of a mi^deine.inoi. anil sba!l, unun
conviction by a court-martial, he dismissed from the ser-
vice, and also liable m a civil action, by the party injured,
for the value of such slave, Nothing m tin-act thai!
construed to prohibit an officer of the Aimy, in the proper
and legal mode, from taking tor tempoiarv'uve, m c;we.- of
need of labor for public purposes, any slave ; but the same
shall be returned, when the necessity for such labor FhuJl
+ cease, to the owner.
Mr. BINGHAM, Mr. Spoiikor, is thereany-
body in the House who will gainsay that when
the civil process issues under this bill that process
must be obeyed, and the Army must be arrested
on its march, if need be, to execute it? I under-
stand this bill as does the gentleman. The last
clause to which the gentleman has referred justi-
fies me in saying what I have said before. I re-
peat it: that provision is a cowardly device, by
which, if adopted, this House will take back and
repeal what it has solemnly declared to be the
supreme law of the land, and say that where a
slave comes to the defense of your imperiled flag
and your imperiled Constitution, he shall, by this
proposed new enactment, be turned back into the
hell of human bondage, under the pitiful pretext
that he was only taken " incase of need for tem-
porary use." That is the true intent and effect
of the bill, and no man can gloss it over. You
cannot conceal it. I want to see how many men
there are in this House who will say that the men
who, in this dread hour imperil their lives in de-
fense of their native land, shall, after they have
rendered that service, by express law, be re-
manded back to slavery. Thatis the proposition,
sir, stripped of all disguises, contained in the sixth
section of this bill, and made effectual by the other
sections of the bill. I move to lay the bill upon
the table, and I trust that it will lie there forever.
Mr. MAY. Let me ask a question for expla-
nation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. MAY. I understand that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory j has stated that
a general order had been issued from headquar-
ters permitting civil process in cases of fugitive
slaves, and requiring the Army to respect it. I
want to know whether that order is restricted to
Kentucky, or whether it extends to all the slave
States ?
Mr. MALLORY. I was misunderstood in the
statement I made. I made -it more broadly than
the facts of the case would warrant, as I find by a
subsequent inspection of the general order I have
referred to. It is an order issued by General
Grant. He directs the officers under him to obey
civil processes in relation to the recapture of slaves
escaping within his lines. Thatis all of it. It
is not an order from headquarters here. It is
from General Grant; but I suppose that it is sanc-
tioned by the authorities here, and that the same
order will be applied to the other commanders m
the United States.
Mr. MAY. I wanted to ask of my colleagues
here who support this Administration, why there
is any discrimination against Maryland ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That order has nothing to
do with this bill. I move that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. MALLORY. I will have the order of Gen-
eral Grant read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. That order has nothing in
the world to do with this bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MENZ1ES. Let the bill be reported by
the oUrk
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope the House will
;! listen to it.
'| Mr. MAYNARD. Can I make a motion to
l recommit the bill with instructions?
j The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
I the motion to lay upon the tabie.
II The question was taken; and H was decided in
i: the hffiimufive—yeas 86, nays 45: as follows:
1 j
; ( VKA?—I0]i, Alley. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
' Tlakej. Iranian.Buitrnam. SatmtH  S. Rhur, Blake, Buffin-
', ton, Bumhuin, Chamuei lain, C'ai k, i'lenn,nt,s,(.oI;<i.\. Fied-
! j crick A.CuiikJim;. Uo.-coi- C oiiklmg, ( o\ ode, Cutiei, Davis,
'] Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edi?<*itf>n. Edvvaid- , EUot, Ely. riam-
j iK-i i'. 1'Vsv eden, Thomas A. T). Fc-^enden, Franenot,
[I Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Haignf. Hani-son, Hickman,
i j Hooper, U<->, ton, Iliitc huts, Julian, Kelley, Fianci- W Kel-
11 Io«<z. William Lehman, Loomi-, Love-
jo}, Low. MrKf'an, Mc'vmght, McPhrtson, Mitchell,
■ Moorh<iad. Aii,-on P. Moniil, Ju^tm H. Morru'l, Timotjy
G. Pheljw, Pikf. Pumeroy, Porter. Pott"r. Alexander H.
Lticf. Joitn U. luce. Riddh\ Edwa'td H. Rollins, Salient,
* ^eriijvuclc, Mi'mk-i, ^hcttield, ribetlabaurt'i, Sloan, Spanl-
. <\ihq, i-'ieven-, Amnion. j>"njaimn F. Tlimu.iv, Tumble,
Tiowhi iri'te, Van Horn, Van Valki'nbur«ni, Wne^.Walkei.
Wall, Wallace, Albert S. White, Wilson, and 'Window
—86.
NAY?—Messrs. William Alien, William J. Allen, An-
cona. Middle, Jacob R. Blair. Calvert, Cox. Cravens. Crif-
ii field, DeiapUune, Ounlnp, Emjli^h, Ftmko, Grangei, Glider,
' Ilaiduiy:. Johnvm Ki«ap,>. T,s\v. L.i/jpar. Lfnry, Matlorv,
May,Maynard,Menzies, Morris, Noble, Norton, Pendleton,
Peny, Price, Richardson, Robinson, Shiel, John B. Steele,
Stiles, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Chil-
ton A. Wlutc, Wickhffe, Woodruff, Wright, and Yearaan
—45.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the^ table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicolat,
his Private Secretary.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the Committee on
the Judiciary be discharged from the further con-
sideration of sundry petitions, &c., asking for the
admission into the Union of the new State of
West Virginia, which motion was agreed to; and
the papers were laid upon the table.
UNITED STATES COURT IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask to have en-
tered a motion to reconsidcr the vote by which
House bill No. 407, to fix the holding of the cir-
cuit court in the district of Wisconsin, was passed;
and I also ask that a message be sent to the Sen-
ate asking the return of that bill.
It was agreed to accordingly.
TERMS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, with amendments, bill of
the House No. 608, prescribing the times and
places for holding terms of the circuit court for
the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to inquire
whether this bill has been printed?
Mr. WILSON. It has not.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 sincerely hope that
the House will not continue this hasty system of
legislation. I hope the bill may be printed. This
proposition seems to be precisely like the one
which has led to the motion which I entered just
now, to reconsider a bill which was passed yes-
terday. We have been called upon repeatedly
during the present session to take up and pass
bills without their being printed or even referred
to any committee of this House, and in nearly
every instance injustice has been done to some
'party or other. I do not desire to interfere with
the passage of this bill, but unless some exigency
exists which renders its immediate passage neces-
sary, I hope that this bill, like all others, wili be
printed and laid upon the desks of members, in
order that we may know what we are doing.
Mr. WILSON. I will state, in answer to the
gentleman from New York, that the necessity for
the passage of this biil grows out of a conflict in
the times for holding terms of the courts in these
several districts, as .now fixed by law. There is
not sufficient time intervening between the terms,
as now fixed by law, to enable the judge to travel
from one place of holding court to another, and
therefore a portion ot the terms cannot be held.
The bill was framed upon the suggestion of the
judge for this circuit, anil it does not affect any
other States than the States embraced in that cir-
cuit.
Mr. P>INGHAM. It does not affect Wiscon-
sin at ail.
I Mr. F. A. CONKLING T would simply state
i that the bill, according to the statementof the gen-
| tleman from Iowa, is precisely similar to the one
| passed yesterday. That bill piovided for fixing
I anew the teims of the circuit and district courts
m the State of Wisconsin, and the long postpone-
I mentof the term of thecourtaboutto be held under
. the existing statute is what my constituents are
; hne to complain oi'.
[ Mr. WILSON. No such objection can apply
i to tills bill.
| Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Then I withdraw my
; objection.
; Tin* amendments were agreed to.
| The biil was ordered to be engrossed and read
i a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
1 ingly read the third time, and passed.
! Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
i which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
i the motion to reconsider on the table.
t The latter motion was agreed to,
