THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED 13Y JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, p. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 20, 3861
New Series No. 9.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
ammcdand found truly enrolled an act (H. R.No.
598) to adjust appropriations heretofore made for
the civil service of the Navy Department to the
present organization of that Department; when
the Speaker signed the same.
NAVY-YARD SITES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution;wluch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report of the
board of naval ofi'ieer* appointed to examine ccrt.un pio-
posed sites tor a navy-yaui, now in the possesion ot the
Senate, be printed lor the use of the llou&e.
ENLISTMENTS IN STATES.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Navsl A[V;:ibe m-
stuietcd to inquire into tin' expediency or ptovuUn^ byl.tw
that in estimating the number oft-okiiei* enrolled irom the
several States in the Ainiy of the United States, cifciit shall
be given for men from Mild States who are enlisted in the
naval service of the United States, and who would he
otherwise liable to militaiy draft.
CLAIM OF INDIANA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WRIGIIT, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of officers of the thirteenth
Indiana volunteers, for relief for losses of clothing
in the peninsular campaign, moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject, the relief prayed for being
already provided by law.
The motion was agreed to.
AllMS APrilOPHTATION HILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rub s be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agieed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the suite ofthe Union, (Mr. Coi.-
fax. in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order, being bill of the House
No. CIO, making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30ih June, JSG4.
The CHAIRMAN. 3!y roneial consent the
gentleman from Kentucky [Air. YeamanJ is en-
titled to speak on general topics upon this bill,
that consent having been given yesterday.
Mr. STEVENS. This bill is a special order,
and therefore general debate upon it is not in
order. I intend, as soon as it is deposed of, to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole
again, m oider that the gentleman from Kentucky
may have an opportunity of speaking upon any !
subject he chooses. I fear he would be trammeled !
now by the special order. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood that
consent was given yesterday to the gentleman
from Kentucky to speak upon genoial topics.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 intend to gne the gentle-
man that opportunity as soon as we are through ;
with this bill.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with
by unanimous consent, and the Clerk pioceeded
to read it by clauses for amendment i
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Is the eh ait man of
the Committee of Ways and Means able to state ;
the amount of money proposed to be appropriated i
by this bill> ' I
Mr. STEVENS. About seven hundred and 1
thirty-two million dollars. It docs not nearly j
reach eight hundred million dollars. j
The reading of the bill was resumed and com- I
pletcd. 1
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following as a i
proviso, to come in at the end of tho bill: 1
Prot ufctlj That no pare of the money appropi tated bv thi1? 1
net i-htili be e\ pemh'd to enable slaves to escape tiorn then
m.i-tci^, or t<> -uppoit and maintain -hives, tn«it do e-rupe
from their mar-ids,, oi fo< anj project 01 emancipation or ]
9
colonisation, or for any other object than the leesstnblish-
mcnt of tho authority ol the Constitution and laws of the
United State.* over labels.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr.Chai rman, I regret that
gentlemen should take every opportunity to op-
: pose the Administration in the due execution of
I the Jaws. Without discussing; this question now,
j I make the point of order that this amendment is
j independent legislation, and is not admissible. It
I changes existing laws. The appropriations in the
i bill are all to carty out existing laws,
i Mr. MALLORY. Will the Ch air allow me to
j state to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that my
j object in introducing tins proviso is rather to
i compel tho expenditure of this money according
! to law than to enable the President, or any one ,
I else, to expend it in violation of law? ]
. Mr. STEVENS. You had bettor impeach him I
1 when he violates the law, 1 think. i
Mr. MALLORY. We wish to prevent the !
S necessity of impeachment, if possible. |
j The C1IAfRMAN. The Chair must overrule '
; the point of order, unless the gentleman from j
' Pennsylvania can point to some law that provides j
I that money shall be appropi lated for these pur- ■
| poses. |
j Mr. STEVENS. Why, sir, all these appro- \
1 priations are made in puisuance of some specific ;
' law; and if this amendment prevails, it will, of 1
! course, change the law. '
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion |
that a proviso of this character may be added to !
. the bill. ;
j Mr. STEVENS. Then I trust tho committee
1 will vote it down.
; Mr. MALLORY. T rise simply to request the
i gentleman from Pennsylvania to permit us to have
; a vote upon this proviso in the House by yeas
! and nays.
| Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt the House
will give them. So far as I am concerned, I am
certainly m favor of them. 1 want to see how i
many there nre opposing this Administration.
The juoviso wasdisagreod to—ayes 33, noes GG.
Mr. WICKLJ PEE. Before the commnteerises
to leport the bill to the House, 1 wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
a question. 1 have been anxious to see the report
ot a certain quartermaster 111 South Carolina, in
reference to an enormous expenditure of money
by him, as reported in the newspapers. I have
endeavored to get a resolution passed by the
House calling fur the information ; but so far \\ ith-
out success. The statement is that an enormous
amounthas been expended by thnt quartermaster
in the shaj >e of salaries to civilians employed to
superintend tho raising nod growing of cotton by
the. negroes in the islands on the coast of that
State, i cannot state the amount, but it is very i
large, according to my appivln nsion of it. I |
would like to know the number of persons so em-
ployed,and the amount so expended; and j would
he obliged to the chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Aleans also to inform me from what
appropriation made heietofore by Congress that
money has been thus abstracted and misapplied ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have no more information
on that subject than the gentleman has.
Mr. WICKLIEEE. I" emi sorry for it; because
I tailed for tin: information the other day, and
could not gvt the Hous< to pass the resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no knowledge about
it. I presume the officer has done his duty. If
not, when the attention of the propei department
is called to it, they will require of bun an expla-
nation of what he has done. I do not know that
it is tho business of tho Committee of Ways and
Means to impure into such matters. ;
Mr. WADSWORTH. I would like to ask the
chairman ofthe Committee of Ways and Means
a question. I would like to know whether this bill ;
embraces appropriations for the past, or merely to
cover the expenses lor the future1
Mr. STEVENS. These appropriations are for
the year ending June 30, J864. I move that the
committee rise, and leport the bill to the House. ;
The motion was agreed to. !
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on tho state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. G10) making appropriations for
the support of the Army foAhe year ending 30th
of June, 1864, and had instructed him to report
the same back to the House withoutamendment,
and wiih the iccommendation that the bill do pass.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to postpone the
further consideration of tho bill until the 2d day
of January next; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 27, nays 93; as follows:
VK \>S—William Alien. Ancona, Calvert, Clem-
ents. Cox, Ciavone. Cn<tieid, Crittenden, Dunlnp. Grider,
Haldol^, Johnson, Mnlioiy, Mcnznv.:, Moviis, Noble, Nor-
ton. Pendleton, Pnee, lliehaid-on, ttobutr-on, James S.
Roiling Hhiel, Piile^, Wadswuiih. and Teaman—27
N'AYsi—Me.~si-. Aidrieh Allej, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
I'cixman. Bihaliam, lneoh I? Hi ah. .Samuel S. Blan, 15 lake.,
Will unit (x ttiown. hntrinton, Bmnlum.C.e'ey,Chamber-
lain. (-'Inil;. Cobb, Ooliax, Fiedenek A. Conklmjr, Covode,
Cutiet, Delano, Dunn, Ixlm'iton, Edwaidt3, Khot, Ely, Kng-
li-fi. Snniml C i'V^cnden, Thomas A. f). Fessenden,
tVliei. Fianehot. Fiank, Cooch. Gianger, Gutley, llaijjht,
IIaiu-on, {Iiekman, Hoopei. Hoitoii, Iliuchin*, Julian,
Jvcliev. Fiatiei- W Krlloga, William Kflloyi . Leaiy, Leh-
man. Lootnw, Loveioy, JiO\v, MeKean, .MeKmght, Mc-
Pliei-on. .Mavnaul, Mu'enell, Moovhead, An^on P.^Moinlb
Justia S. Mouiil, Nncll, Odcll, Pation, i'eiiv, Piko. Pome-
i-ov, P",«nei, Pottei, Alexander 11 Riee, John U.ltice,Rid-
dle, JidwaidU Kollm?, ^edcrwiek, Segar, tfhauks, Shef-
field. Shellaluiirei. t?i<;au, ^pauldma:. John 13. Steele, Ste-
ven-j. ^nation. Hfisjatmn F 'i'honias, I'limblc/riowbridfle,
\ an Valkenhntfih. \ enee, Walkei, Wall, Albert S.White,
W1N011, Wiiidoin, Woodrulf, and Woree&tei—9J.
So the House refused to postpone the bill.
Before tho vote was announced,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Sherman was
absent, and had been absent for several days, at-
tending to the sick and wounded of the Army,
since the battle of Ercdericksbuig.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third readin°* of the
bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the gentleman makes
that motion, I ask him to allow me to offer the
proviso which 1 offered in committee, and permit
a vote to be taken upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. That was my intention, but
the time of the House has already been taken up
with one call of the roll. 1 think Kentucky has
had a fair chance. I insist upon my demand for
the previous question.
Air. MALLOKY. The gentleman gave me to
understand distinctly, when in committee, that I
should have an opportunity to offer this proviso
in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection myself.
1 fe. 1 bound, however, now to insist on the de-
mand for the previous question.
Air. MALLORY, ] hope the House will vote
dow 11 the demand.
The previous question was seconded.
Air. MALLORY, I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering tho main question.
Only sixteen membeis rose to second the de-
mand lor the yeas and nays.
Mr. MALLORY called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Mallcry were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes tw< nty-soven.
So tin voas and nays were ordered.
Air. MAYNARD. I would like to inquire of
the Chair what will be the effect of refusing to or-
der the main question?
Mr. MALLORY. It will permit me to get in
my proviso. That will be the effect.
Tin; SPEAKER. The effect would be that the
main question would not be ordered.
Air. MAYNARD. The previous question,
however, has been seconded, and no amendment
cou'd be offered.
Tho SPEAKER. The effect of refusing to
order the main question would be to throw the bill
