130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
open to debate or amendment, as if the previous
question had not been demanded.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahlrieli, Alloy, Arnold, BMibitt, Baker,
Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. IJlalr, Blake, Buffinton,
Burnham, Casey, <JiianjbeilaiiijCUuk,Cobb,Colfax. Fred-
erick A. OonkUng, Covode, Cutler, Delano, Dunn, Edgcr-
ton, Eiiot, Ely, Samuel C. Fes^eudeu, Thomas A. D. Fe-s-
sonden, Fisher, Fouke, Franchot, Frank, Coocii, Goodwin,
Granger, Gurley, llaight, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper,
Horton, Hutciiins, Julian, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lan-nig, Lehman, Loomi , Lovejoy,
Low, JVIcKcan, McKaight, MePherson, Maynard. Mitchell,
Mooihead, Anson l\ Morrill, Justin fcS. Morrill, NoelJ,
Odell, Fatton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter,
Potter, Alexander II. ltice, John II. Mice, Riddle, Edwaul
H. Rollins?, Salient, Sedgwick, Se<jar, Shank?, Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Spaulding," John B.Steele, Stevens, St rat-
ton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Timvbudge, Van
Valkenburgh, Verreo, Walker, Wall, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Windom. and Woicester—90.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Biddle, Calvert, Clem-
ents, Cox, Craven?, Crittenden, Dunlap, Gnder, Hall,
Harding,Johnson, Knapp, Law, Mallory, Menzies, Noble,
Norton, Pendleton, Price, James S. Rollins, Stiles, Wads-
worth, Chilton A. White, Wicklitie, Wright, and Yea-
man—27.
So the main question was ordered.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. JOHNSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ancona, was absent attending to the forwarding
of the body of his friend and relative, General
Jackson.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 1
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
,Mr. STEVENS called for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I again state to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that if he will allow this
proviso to come m there will not be a single vote
against the bill from thus side of the House.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I will meiely say in ieply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that I cannot con-
sent to the adoption of his proviso, for it would
have the effect to nullify the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahlrieli, William Allen, Arnold, Bab-
bitt, Baker, Heaman, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B. lilair,
Blake, Bufiiuton, Buinham. Calvert, Ca^'cy, Chanibeilcun,
Clatk, Clement^, Uobb, Collax, Fredeiick A. Conkhng,
Koseoe Conklnig, Cox, CriMield, Cutler, Delano, Duell,
Dunlap, Dunn, r.ilgeiton, Edwards, Rhot, Ely, English,
Samuel C. I'V-^eiidcn, Tliiuna^ A. D F<'sssond<m, Fouke,
Franchot, Frank, Good), Giangei, llaight. Hall, Hanson,
Hickman, Hooper, Horton, llntciuns. Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, VVilliam Kellogg, Landing, La/AMi, Lean, Leh-
man, Lbomis, Lovejoy, Low, MeKean, McKuieht. Mc-
Phcr-son, Maynard, Mitelioll, .Mooihead, Aiwm P. Mom!!,
Jusuri S. Moinll, Mouis, Xoble, Noell, Odell, J'atton,
Perty, Timothy G. IMn'Ip.*, Pike, Pomeroy. Portei, Potter.
Price, Alexandet II. Ilicc, John II. ftice, Riddle, Eihvaid
II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segat,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellahaiyet, Sl'u.uu ^miih, Spaukhng,
John B. Steele, Steven^, Htiatton, Benjamin F Thomas,
Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Vaikcnburah, Wuec. Walker,
Wall, Albert ri. Wiute, Wilson, Windom, Woodiull, Wor-
cester, and Wnght— 107.
NAYS—Messrs. May, Noiton, and Wickliffc—3.
So the bill was passed. *
During the roll-call—
Mr. CRISFI ELD, (when his name was called,)
desired to explain his vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can permit no
debate during the roll-call.
Mr. CR1SFIELD. Just a single sentence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
debate even to that extent.
Mr. CRISPIELD. Then I give notice that I
will take an early opportunity hereafter to explain
ray vote for this bill.
Mr. PRANK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Van Hoiin", lmd been called away as a witness.
Mr. SHEFFIELD stated that his colleague,
Colonel Browne, was absent in command of his
regiment 111 the field. j
The vote was announced, as above recorded. !
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsidcr the vote '
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to I
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OP TUB WHOLE.
. Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be !
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of redeeming my pledge to
the*gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Yeaman.]
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill amendatory of the act respecting
the judicial system of the United States, approved
February 28, 1839; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
MINNESOTA INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. ALDR1CH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to indemnify the State of Minnesota
forexpenses incurred in the suppression of Indian
disturbances and actual hostilities since the 15th
day of August, 1862; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous
consent, the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tli.it Uh; Pie&idcnl of tlie United States be
requested to communicate to this House, so tar as is eon-
distent with the public interest, any information m his pos-
sesion in iclation to the cause ot' the leecnt outbreak of
the Indian tribes in the Noithwe.-t, and whether the iamc
was incited 01 encouraged by any person or persons not of
paid tribes, and if so by whom, and especially whether it
has, in any degree, been caused by the tiaud or improper
conduct of any of the agents of the United States tor said
tribes practiced upon them or any of them.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Semite was received, by Mr.
Hickey, then* Chief Cleik, returning, in compli-
ance with the request of the House, Senate bill
No. 407, to fix the terms of the circuit court for
the district of Wisconsin.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was tequested:
An act (No. 419) to improve the organization
of the cavalry forces; and
An act (No. 420) to facilitate the discharge of
sick and disabled soldiers from the Army, and the
inspection of convalescent camps and hospitals.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed the b-'l (Ii. R. No. 592) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government and to pay interest
on the public debt," approved July 1, 1865, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stkvfns to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Air. AIallory in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to test Sanderson's breech-loadmg cannon.
TIXE WAR.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have not
sought to obtain the floor out of any factious op-
position to the Administration. Neither will I
offend its tnends by that fierce advocacy of a sys- i
temof pro-slavery propagandists which has done j
nearly as much harm on this door and tn the coun- j
try as the policy, or rather the hobby, of aboii- '
tion. My highest ambition is to appear here to- I
day as the champion of my country, and of my !
country's Constitution, which is at once the char- \
ter and the bulwark of my country's liberties. 1
Neither do J intend to consume the time of the !
House in making a speech against the rebellion. [
I have been speaking agonist it for two years in a i
country where it has had many able defenders on !
the stump, and now has many brave defenders m \
the field. The rebellion does not need to be ar- j
gued with so much as it needs to be struck—to be !
struck such blows by our armies as have not yet 1
been dealt to it. The pnnupal promises I made
to those who sent me here were, that I would !|
accept no solution of our difficulties other than the J|
unity of the Republic and the supremacy of the H
Constitution and laws of the United States; that
I was m favor of putting forth the whole consti-
tutional power of the Government to elfect this;
that 1 would vote all the men and all the money
needed foi that purpose; and that I would support
this Administration, and the Presidentatthe head
of it, against whom we all voted, if he would sup-
port the Constitution, and wage an earnest and
decent war, inside the pale of the Constitution
anil the laws of nations and of humanity, to vin-
dicate the majesty of the laws. I sitheredayby
day prepared to redeem these pledges.
But there are some things in the land that need
to be spoken against; my constituents expect it
of me; and by being spoken against now by those
who are known to be the friends of the Govern-
ment,it may save to our children, possibly to our-
selves, the trouble of fighting against them here-
after. Well might we dispense with our whole
budget of political resolves, and for them substi-
tute the nervous words of the alarm bell of an-
other assembly m other times, " the republic is
in danger." Those to whom we have committed
the keeping of our destinies will excuse me if I
say they have laid themselves obnoxious to the
charge hurled by Cicero against Pompey, when
he complained that the decree of the Roman sen-
ate—44 let the consuls see that no detrimentcomes
to the republic''—had not boon obeyed.
On a forme i day of this session I had the honor
to submit to this House the following resolutions:
cc Resolved bij the Home oj Representatives* (the Senate
eon en i ring.) That the pioelamation of ihe Pn^nlentof the
United States, ot the ^2d ot .September, 1862, is not war-
lanted by the Constitution.
Resolved, That the policy of emancipation, as indicated
in that proclamation, is not calculated to hasten the lesto-
ratton of peace; is not well eho.vn as a war meastne ; and
ian assumption of power dang°rous to the rights ot the
citizen and to the perpetuity of ireo government.55
These resolutions were promptly laid on the
tabic, and I now desire to give some of my reasons
for offering them.
When the Republican party met in convention
at Chicago, in 18G0, to nominate a candidate for
the Presidency, and to adopt and putfoith a plat-
form of principles to recommend to the people,
they made one which, with many faults, contained
some good things. One clause of the second sec-
tion affirmed:
"That the Federal Constitution, the ri kts of the
States, and the Union of the States, must and shall be pro
served.-"5
That was a good plank to put in the platform of
any party. The fourth article is all so good that
I will quote it entirely:
" Fourth: That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
j of the States, and especially the u^lit of cach State to or*
| dei ami contiol its uwn dom Mic institutions, according to
I its own judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance
| of power on which the perfection a.id enduiance ot our
i political faith depond:?, and we denounce the lawless inva-
j t-ion b\ aimed fotce of any State oi Terntuiy, no mattei
j Uiider what pretext, a^ among the graved of climes.55
! The party putting foith these principles was
I successful. The President came to the adminis-
tration of the Government under the most inau-
spicious circumstances that ever attended the in-
auguration of any other Chief Executive of the
Republic. Secession had begun its work. Apolit-
ical poison that had lurked m the system for sixty-
three years—I mean since 17yd~and which had
produced strong eruptive symptoms in 1830-32,
had at last bccome a frightful running sore, and
was rapidly dissolving the political and terntoiial
integrity of the nation.
_ The difficulties and complications of the situa-
tion, both political and military, were such that
no course the President con id have pursued would
have been free from plausible criticism, and from
the confident charge of having sacnficed the Re-
public when a diiTorentcourse would have saved it.
Much of his conduct has been approved by the
loyal men in the slavuholdmg States, and while
they have disapproved much of it, they have some-
times done so vvitii the concession that there was
much to palliate and excuse. Upon the mam sub-
ject we now discuss, the subject-matter of the Pres-
ident's late proclamation, the country was filled
with hope by the language of the President's
inaugural address:
u I have no purpose, directly or Indir.'otly, to ii teifere
with the institmionof slavery in the State* where it exists.
1 believe I haw no lawiui right to do so, and J have no
inclination to do &0.55
The President proceeds to say:
" Thcro is much controversy about the delivering up of
