1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
make any earthly sacrifice to sustain him in this
direful conflict with the rebel power of the coun-
try, North ami South. " Faithful are the reproofs
ftf a friend;" and it is as his friend, seeking to res-
cue the land from political perdition, and not as a
disguised rebel, seeking to undermine his Admin-
istration, that 1 speak. I tell him that his policy
of conciliating Democrats has been as ruinous to
our cause as the kindred policy of conciliating
rebels. Instead of winning them to our side, blot-
ting out the Imes of party, and inaugurating an
" era of g;ood feeling," it has breathed fresh life
and vigor into the Democratic organization, which
now everywhere confronts us as a powerful and
consolidated opposition, while our own party is
disbanded and powerless. Sir, had the policy of
the Government been boldly Republican, making
good to the people their victory over the cohorts
of slavery in 1860, every northern State would to-
day have been wheeled into line on the side of the
Administration, and the Democratic party would
have been lingering on its death-bed. The war
itself, 1 firmly believe, would have been ended,
and with far less sacufice of treasure and blood
th$n we have already incurred. I speak respect-
fully,butearnestly, when I say the President must
stand by his friends if he cxpects his friends to
stand by him. He must point the door to every
pampered pro-slavery rat in any of his public
cribs, and bestow the offices and honors at his
disposal upon those who believe in the Republican
idea. lie should institute,as speedily as possible,
a general casting out of devils from the various
Departments of the Government, and fill their
places with men who believe in God, and who
have not outlived their consciences in serving as
the shameless scullions of the slave power. By
all moans, and at the earliest moment, whould he
insist upon a lustration of the military Department,
to purify it from the deadly contamination of trea-
son. This is a slaveholders' rebellion. The re-
bellion, m fact, is "slavery in arms;" and there-
fore no man who believes in slavery is fit for any
high command. The war is not a war of sections,
but of ideas; and we need, and must have, military
leaders who will conduct it in tlie light of this
truth. To the want of such leadeis must be at-
tributed the delays and disasters of the struggle
thus far. General Sigel gays:
4i Itn Jin citomiou* crime to expiHeour devoted soldier*
to the tury of a unitwd, determined, and vi^orotu; enemy, on
account oi any hesitancy to iwi the risjht means at the ii^iit
time, or by pterins: men in A/ A csad responsible positions \vle>,
on aeeoiint of their foi iner associations and pledges, can
never Ue tni-tcd a-> sincere friends ul the Republic, nor ex-
pected to htrike a fatal blow at treason and lobellam.'1
Sir, we must have comnmiideis who will light,
not simply as the sti petal uu lesof the Government,
but as men whose whole hearts are in the woik,
and who believe, religiously, in the tightsof man.
It jh the heait, and not the brain,
That to tiie highest doth attain.''
I believe you may search the history of the
world in vain for such armies as we now have in
the field. Their heroism upon every battle-field,
often under ineompetenteommanders, and always
under the most appalling disadvantages, must be
the theme ofeveiiastimrpraisc. They have seemed
to undeistand this quairel from the beginning.
They have fought as only men could ii^htwho
counted their lives as nothing m comparison with
the life of the Republic, and the imperiled cause
of liberty on earth. The battle of Fredericks-
burg, where thousands marched into the jaws
of certain death without the wavering of a hair,
affords but a single example of the spirit which
has so ungrudgingly offered up so many heroic
lives during the war. Sir, I honor our patriot sol-
diers as I honor no men, titled or untitled, who
walk the earth. Then example, looming-above
the general profligacy and faithlessness of mere
politicians, has already made humanity sublime,
and anchored the final triumph of our cause to the
very throne of the Eternal. In their name do 1
speak when I plead that they shall be allowed to
fight out battles under competent and worthy
leaders, whose souls are on me with a quench-
less zeal for our cause. In our war with Mexico,
as f am advised, no man was allowed to hold the
office of major general of volunteers, or brigadier
geneial, who was not a member of the Demo-
cratic party. I believe this policy was exten-
sively carried out also as to the subordinate places
in our Army; at least nine tenths of winch were
conferred upon the party m power. General Scott
and General Taylor were Whigs, but they held
their positions before the war, and during its prog-
ress had to encounter a fierce and formidable op-
position from the Administration and its friends.
I am not finding fault with this policy, which i
refer to as simply showing that the Government,
at that time, dispensed its favors among its friends,
and intrusted the command of our armies to men
who believed in the war. This the Government
should do to-day. This is a war of freedom and
free labor against a mighty aristocracy based
upon the ownership of men. Our aim is the over-
throw of that power and the reorganization of
southern society on a republican basis; and it
should require no argument to prove thatmen who
believe in this aristocracy are not the most fit com-
manders in such a contest. On this subject his-
tory is not wanting in lessons to guide us. As
early as the year 1388 the cities of Germany, which
had formed four leagues in self-defense against the
aristocracy that lived only by its plunder of com-
merce, were engaged in deadly conflict for their
rights. They made two mistakes, which paved
the way for their ruin. They lost the sympathy
of the peasantry, because they fought only for
the privileges of the cities; and they appointed
nobles to command their armies who cared more
for their property in the cities than for the rights
of the people. These nobles counseled " moder-
ation," and one of them proved a traitor on the
field of battle. Afterwai ds, city after city fell into
the hands of the aristocracy, and the people be-
came the prey of a swarm of petty monarchs,
who annihilated the external power of the country,
which groans under their oppression to this day.
i The same piinciple was illustrated in our revo-
lutionary war by the State of South Carolina,
which swarmed with royalists and tones, who,
like the rebels now in arms against us, loved .sla-
very moii! than they loved their country. It is
not possible to put down one piivileged class
through the leadership of another, unless their
interests are aniagonistical.
Mr. Speaker, the fatal consequence of losing
sight of (he principle I am now urging has been
ji seen in the lecall of GenoraUFremont from his
! command of the Western department. In the year
185G, his name had been conspicuously identified
i with the great political conflict which finally cul-
j mifiared in a conflict of arms, lie was known to
I the countiy less as a politician than as a patriot,
| and a man of genius and dauntless courage; and
i there was a romance about his life and name
I which kindled ilie populat enthusiasm in his be-
I halt toa very temarkabledegree. Reentered upon
: his command at the end of July with less than
j t went y-fiv e thousand effect! ve men, poor! y armed
land equipped; and of these ten thousand were
t three months men, whose time expired in ten
; days from his aiuval. At the end of October he
i held sixtv thousand square miles of the enemy's
| country, and had succeeded in organizing and
' equipping an army which was everywhere suc.-
j eessl'ul along the whole extent of his lines. lie
| had restoied quiet and comparative peace to the
1 State of Missouri, while the enemy was in full
, retreat befoie him. Believing the revolutionary
i measuies of the tebels could only be put down by
I revolutionary energy, and that all moderation in
I dealing with them was the expedient of weak men
! or of traitors, he impressed his strong will and
j earnest purpose upon every feature of his admin-
! tstsation. Lie saw then, what the President has
! finally discovered and told us in his late message,
i that" the dogmas of the quiet past aie inadequate
j to the stormy present;" that "as our ease is new,
' so we must think anew and act anew;" and that
j "we must disimhiall ourselves, and then we shall
I save our country." I believe no commander in
j the public service has thus far shown more mili-
; tary genius, or been more successful, considering
: the circumstances of his command; and it should
; be remembcieJ to his eiedit that the victories of
:j our arms m the West, early in last year, were
achieved upon the exact lines of march which he
' planned and published in September of the pre-
;i ceding year. When he issued his pioclamation
;j offieedom the military enthusiasm ofthe people
was unchiiied. With gladness and thanksgiving
they received it as a new sign of piomise. Even
;i such Democratic papers as the Boston Post, De-
'I troit Free Press, Chicago Times, and New York
*j Herald, approved of it, while it stirred and united
ii the people of the loyal Suites during the ten days
of life allotted it by the Government far more than
any other eventof this war. The President, in an
evil hour,annulled it; and the boiled-down malice
and meanness which it provoked, and which were
poured out so copiously through AdjutantGeneral
Thomas, finally effected the intended change in the
command of this department. From this conduct
of the Government toward General Fremont dates
the pro-slavery reaction which we now witness.
Beginning then, it has gained force and volume
every hour since. It balked the popular enthusi-
asm which else would have drawn along with it
even multitudes of conservative men. It caused
timid and halting spirits to become cowards out-
right. It gave new life to the slave power, and
encouraged fiercer assaults upon "abolitionism."
The Democratic party, which the war had pretty
effectually driven into retirement, began to assume
its former prerogatives, and manifest its sympa-
thy for treason. Sir, I can never think of the
wocsand sorrows with which this warhasdeluged
our country within the past twelve months, with-
out deploring the malign influences which led the
Administration to strike down a Republican major
geneial in the midst of a glorious career, and in
defiance of the sentiment of the people, while
Democratic generals, who were lauded by every
rebel sympathizer throughout the country, and
whoso incapacity or disloyalty could not have
been unknown to the Government, have been per-
sistently kept at the head of our great military
depaitments. r
Mr. Speaker, while the past is beyond our
control, its lesson for the future should not go un-
heeded. The Government44 cannot escape his-
tory," but it can atone, in some degree, for the
great wrong it has done the country and General
Fiemont, by restoring him, without further delay,
to active service, with a command befitting his
rank and merits. Every consideration of justice
and patriotism pleads for this. Ho has been the
victim of the most cruel injustice and the most
unmerited and mortifying humiliation. The Pres-
ident knows this. The military eonductof Gen-
eral Fremont will bear the most rigid scrutiny,
while his character foi integrity is without a stain.
The policy of his proclamation has been vindi-
cated by time, and more than vindicated by the
Administration itself. Let this policy be com-
mitted to the hands of its undoubted friends. The
restoration of General Fremont would at once
signalize the earnestness and sense of justice of
the Piesident, and win back to him the confidence
of the people. It would he a conspicuous mile-
stone in the progress ofthe Govei nment,and most
fitly follow the grand message which proclaimed
freedom to millions on the first dav of the new
year, in the name ofthe country let it be done;
and let restitution be made to every other officer
in our armies who has been the victim of Demo-
cratic, policy. The Government, which at first
sought to spare slavery, now seeks to destroy it.
At last it has a policy; and I hold that no man is
fit to lead our armies, or to hold any civil position,
who does not sustain that policy. Our only hope
lies in a vigorous prosecution of the war and the
overthrow of Democratic rule. I care little for
mere names. For tuich Genuials as Ro&ecians,
Butler, Bayard, Rousseau, Wallace, Dumont,and
Corcoran, and such civilians as Stanton, Ban-
croft, Owen, and Dickinson, I have only words of
praise. They are heartily for their country, and
asheattily despise the Demociatic leadeis who
gabble about compromise with rebels. The rec-
ognized leaders of the Democratic party, judged
by their avowed policy, are disloyal in spirit and
purpose. They talk about " the Constitution
as it is," while conniving at its destruction by
lebeis, and offeiing them peace on the basis of a
reconstructed Government and another Constitu-
tion. They clamor for the Union as it was,"
! and mean by tins the Union more completely than
| ever under the domination of slavery. I know
| what I hazard by this fieedom of speech. 1 know
I that should Democratic policy continue to sway
j this Administration, still further disasters may
i overtake our arms. 1 know that the people may
; finally reel and sicken under the prolonged spec-
| tacle of blood and treasure poured out in vain,
1 and that the restoraiion of the Demociatic party
! to power may be the icsult, followed by a cotn-
j promise inaugurating a '' reign of terror" in the
j free States far more relentless than that which
1 prevailed in the South prior to the war. Dema-
