1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gogues, pointing the people to the desolation and
ruin of the country caused by a profitless " abo-
lition war," and stimulated by southern leaders
hungering and thirsting for revenge, may usher
in an era of lawlessness and blood scarcely par-
alleled in history. The leaders of Republicanism,
whose counsels, if followed, would have saved
the country, may bo confronted by dungeons, gib-
bets, and exile, under the new policy which the
slave power, maddened by success, would dictate.
Sir, it is because of the remorseless despotism
which Democratic policy would certainly estab-
lish that I denounce it, and plead with the Presi-
dent to smite it with all the power of the Gov-
ernment, if he would save either his country or
himself. The Republic of our fathers at this mo-
ment swings in horrid alternation between life
and death. To falter or hesitate now is self-
destruction. Rose-water statesmanship will not
meet the crisis. Nothing can save us but the earn-
estness which finds its reflex in the rebels, and the
courage which gathers strength from despair. A
wise policy of the war is not enough. Proclama-
tions of freedom will, of themselves, accomplish
little. What we need is action—instant, decis-
ive, defiant action—scourging faithless men from
power, sweeping away obstacles, and kindling in
the popular heart the fires of a new courago and
hope. The Government should arm the colored
men of the free States as well as the slaves of the
South,and thereby give effect to the proclamation
of freedom. It should at once organize a bureau
of emancipation, to take charge of the great in-
terests devolved upon it by the extinction of sla-
very. While paying a fair assessment for the
slaves of loyal owners, it should digest an equi-
table homestead policy, parceling put the planta-
tions of rebels in small farms for the enjoyment
of the freed-men, who hove earned their right
to the soil by generations of oppression, instead
of selling it in large tracts to speculators, and
thus laying the foundation of a system of land
monopoly in the South scarcely less to be deplored
than slavery itself. It should seize all property
belonging to traitors, and use it in defraying the
expenses of the war. It should, as far as possi-
ble, send all disloyal persons beyond our lines.
It should see to it that corrupt aimy contractors
arc shot. It should deal with rebels as having no
rights under the Constitution, or by the laws of
war, but the right to die. It should make war its
special occupation and study, using every weapon
in its terrible armory in blasting, forever, the or-
ganized diabolism which now employs all the en-
ginery of hell in its work of national murder, and
threatens to make ourcountry the grave of liberty
on earth. Such an earnestness, thus born of the
unutterable guilt of the rebels and the peril of
great and priceless interests, and sustained by a
firm faith in the justice of our cause and the smiles
of our Maker, would speedilv restore our coun-
try to the glad embrace of peace, and icassure its
promise of free government to the victims of des-
potic power throughout the world. Our liberties
would be saved from present destruction, and new
pulsations of life would be sent down through all
the cominsf generations of men.
Mr. MAY was recognized.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
print the remainder of my remarks.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object to printing the
remainder of the remarks.
Mr. MAY. I do not propose so much to dis-
cuss the merits of this bill as I do to illustrate its
evils. I do not mean so much to oppose it as 1
do to show its disastrous effects. I know, sir,
that the bill which passed this body, and has been
returned from the Senate with amendments, will
in one of its forms ultimately meet an overwhelm-
ing support, and it is therefore in vain for any one
to urge objections in the hope ofdefeatingit. There
may be a choice proper to be declared now between
the two evils; that presented by the bill adopted
by the House, and the amendment adopted by
Senate. They are very different in their plan and ;
provisions, but they are designed to accomplish
the same tiling.
The bill passed by this House is a measuie that
boldly and quickly takes up the vety foundations
ofoursystem ofGovcrnment. Thescheme which
has met the approbation of the Senate proposes
bv a delusive and intricate method to accomplish
the same end. The one is an open and absolute
adoption of tyranny, justifying and discharging it
from all accountability for its inflictions; the other
turns the sufferer over to the courts, and deceiving
him by the hopes of redress frustrates them all by
its artful and arbitrary provisions.
I find, sir, an insurmountable objection at the
threshold of inquiry. In my opinion the Consti-
tution confers upon Congress alone the power to
suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpwt
and only where invasion or rebellion exists, and
nowhere else, and this is a power that cannot fora
moment be delegated. The legislative power only
can determine when the public safety requires this
privilege to be suspended; when, where, how long,
and with respect to whom such suspension may
be applied. Sir, it is the highest oxcrcisc of sov-
ereign power, since the liberty of the citizen is the
corner-stone of our system of Government. It
was never designed by the founders of our Re-
public that this transcendant and so tremendous
a power over the fundamental rights of personal
liberty and personal security should be exercised
for an instant of time by the mere will and discre-
tion of any one man, be lie President or not. The
genius of our Government forbids it. Its history
and precedents, and the opinions of its founders
and statesmen and jurists, all forbid it.
The bill provides:
Thatduung tlie existence of this lebcllion the President
shall ho, and is hereby, invested with authority to declare
the suspension ot the privilege of the writot habeas corpus,
at such times and m Mich placcs, and with repaid to such
persons. in lus judgment, the public safety may requite.
This, sir, in my opinion, crccts and commis-
sions despotic power all over the United Stales.
The House bill is a pure unmitigated product
of ideas of republican liberty as manifested by
the dominant party of this House. The Senate's
amendments claim to draw a sanction from a
Democratic precedent. The provisions of the
amendment adopted by the Senate, and which is,
indeed, a substitute for the original bill, look to
the example of the celebrated force bill of 1833 to
justify it. But, sir, the provisions of the Senate
amendment go infinitely beyond the principle
asserted by that law.
The force bill adopted in General Jackson's day
proposed simply a transfer of jurisdiction from
the State to tin- Federal courts in revenue cases
only; in actions brought for some alleged wrong
committed in the execution of the revenue laws.
The law of 1833 limited the exereisc of the right
of transferring the case to the period before trial,
and there it ceased.
13ih here, sir, is a proceeding which gives the
light to remove a suit in all that comprehensive
class of cases biought to rediess wrongs com-
mitted " under color ofnny authority derived from
or exercised by or under the President of the Uni-
ted States," both before trial and also after judg-
ment. It also gives the xuange right of an appeal
at once from the State to Fedcial courts, or, if the
party shall prefer it, "within six months after
judgment by wiit of error or oilier process," to
remove the case from a State to the Federal circuit
court, there " to try and determine the facts and
the law as if the said case had been there oiigm-
nlly eontmenccd;" and provided further, " that
no such appeal or writ of error .shall be allowed
where the judgment is in favor of the defendant
in the Stare court," and if " the plaintiff is non-
suited (a judgment passed against him, the de-
fendant shall recoverdouble cosU." Theseamend-
ments further ptovide that if the Federal judge
shall certify that the defendant had probable cause
to act or acted in good faith, then, notwithstand-
ing the jury have found olhei wi.se and a judgment
been recovered by the plaintiff, yet no execution
shall issue until after the next ensuing session of
Congress; thus striking down in effect the trial
by jury in sueh euse.s. hisfuither provided that
an upp'eal shall be allowed to the defendant to the
Supreme Court of the United States, " whatever
may be the amount of the judgment."
Am I not authorized, Mi. Speaker, m view of
these before unheard-of and most monstrous pro-
visions of a judicial bill, to say that, while propos-
ing to promote justice, it is simply a mean and cun-
ning scheme, designed purposely to frustrate it.
The measure before us, so far from following
the punciple of the''force bill," flagrantly vio-
lates it. That "force bill" simply provided for
tlm impartial administration of law by allowing,
upon certain prescribed conditions, the transfer
of jurisdiction. The principle it asserted was
supremacy of law. It transferred only such suits
as were brought to question the execution of a law;
Its language is "for acts done under the rcveitae
laws of the United States or under color thereof.*'
But here the monstrous power is asserted of
justifying the acts of the executive power com-
mitted against law.^ The mere arbitrary- will of
the President, or his agents "acting under color
of his authority,"and despoiling thccitizenof his
constitutional rights, is now for the first "time to
be vindicated and approved by Congress, that
ought to feel insulted and outraged by such a.
proposition.
I need hardly add, sir, that I shall vote against
these measures.
After the eloquent and exhaustive arguments of
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Voouhees,] there
can be 110 need of further authorities to support
the indefeasible title of an American citizen to that
blessed writ of habeas corpus, which is now to be
surrendered.
I%beg leave only to add a single reference to
that fountain of instruction, the Commentaries of
Black.stone, and trust this House may be re-
freshed by the pure and undefilcd principles of
civil liberty upon the subject before us, as pro-
nounced by this jurisprudent of a monarchy:
" Of great importance to the public is the preservation of
personal liberty, Cor If once it were left in the power of any
the highest magistiate to imprison firbitrariiy whosoever he
oi hu? otfioor.-* thought proper, there would soon be an end
of all other rights and immunities. Some have thought that
unjust attacks even upon life or property at the arbitrary
will of the magistrate arc less dangerous to the Common-
wealth than fetich as are made upon the personal liberty of
tin? subject. To bereave a man of life, oi by violence to
confi^ente ins estate without aeeuMUon or trial, would be
po gro<><3 ami notorious an act of despotism as must at once
eoiive> the alarm of tyiamiy thioughout the whole king-
dom ; but confinement of the person by secretly hurrying
him lo jail, where his sufferings are unknown or forgotten,
i<5 a les-: public, a less staking, and therefore a inoie dan-
gerous engine of arbitrary government; and yet sometimes
when tiic State is m ieni danger, even thi> may bca neces-
sary nieasute. Hut the happiness of our Constitution is,
that it is not left to the executive potter lo (leteinmic when
the danger of the State is *o gtcnt a? to render this measure
expedient $ for it is the Parliament only, or legislative power
that, whenever it sees< proper, can authouze the Crown, by
suspending the habeas corpus act for n shot t and limited time,
to imprison fcu«pected person-, without giving any reasons
for t-o domt . But this experiment ou^ht only to be tried in
ease* of extreme emergency, and m these the. nation paits
with its liberty jor a ivkile'm order u> preserve it forever.'*
I repeat with emphasis, " fora shortand limited
period."
Such, sir, is the doctrine of the British consti-
tution. Is ours less free? This bill confers an
absolute power on the President by his own mere
will to suspend the privilege of that great writ
for 44 such lime and in such places and with re-
gard to such persons as in his judgment the pub-
lic safety may require." Sir, for one, 1 prefer to
enact at once that "Abraham Lincoln rules as all
absolute monavchs rule;" and let him declare his
powers in the words:
" Pic volo sic lubeo;
Stat pro ratione voluntas*.n
Need I remind this House, for an illustration,
of the memorable case which occurred m a British
court, in which was enunciated the'ideas of civil
liberty which pervade the jurisprudence of that
realm? A humble citizen of a Btiiish province
having been arrested and imprisoned without trial
by the Governor of that province, and being sued
for it, the defense set up was a sort of di vmeiight,
or right of military or judicial power, or all these
together,lodged in the office of the Governor, and
which authorized him to suspend the personal lib'
erty ofthe subject by his mete will and discretion.
•Such was the argument urged before that great
judge, Lord Mansfield, and who rebuked it at
once in ihe memorable declaration:
<•' I say that, for many i ea^ous, if this action did not lie
agairibt anv other man, itfehali most emphatically lie against
me Governor.5'
Sir, I commend to the attention of this Ameri-
can House of Representatives this noble judicial
declaration,which throws so tenderly tho sanctions
of the law around the liberty of the citizen, and
especially protects it against the aggressions of
supreme power.
Let me add to this another but not a less glori-
ous instruction. If the oppression of an humble
subject gave rise, as history infoimsus,to the great
wiit uf habeas corpus of Charles II, so the oppres-
sion of an upright citizen of Maryland has pio-
duccd the noblest exposition of its principles.
; Providence seems to have preserved the length-
