1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
fugitives from service or labor. The clause I now read is
as°plamly wutten in the Constitution as any othei of its
provisions : * No peison held to service or laboi in otic State,
undoi tholawb theioof, escaping into another, ^ha!l, in con-
sequence of any law or legulation therein, be discharged
from such service or labor, hut shall be delivered up on
claim of the p uty to whom such sciviee or labor may bo
due.' It is scaicely questionable that this provision was
intended by those who made it for the reclaiming of wba
we call fugitive slaves; and the intention of the lawgiver
is the law. All member* ot Oongie*s sweai their suppnft
to the whole Constitution, to this pmvision as innch a- any
other. To the piopo&ition, then, that slaves, whose ca^e*
come within the terms of this clause, shall be delivered up,
their oatlis are unanimous.'5
In Ins first message the President says:
"Lest there be some uneaaincs3 in the minds of candid
men as to what is to be the course ot the Government to-
wards southern States after the lebeliion shall have beAn
suppi essed, the Executive deems it pioper to buyir Will be
his pin pose then, as cvoi, to be guided by the Constitution
and the laws, and that he will probably have no dj'Feient
understanding of the powei< and duties of the Federal Gov-
ernment iclativelj to the rights*ot the States andthe people
under the Constitution than that expressed in the inaugural
address.''
Soon afterwards the avowed policy of the Ad-
ministration and the true law of the ease wore
stated by Mr. Seward, Secretary of State, in his
official correspondence with Mr. Dayton, then
representing us abroad:
" The condition of slavery [the revolution] in the several
States will icmain ju«t the same, whether il t-ueceed orf.nl.
Theie is not even a pretext for tin: complaiutthat the disaf-
fected States are to be conqueied bv the United States it the
revolution tail; for the rights of the States and the condition
of every human being in them will reman! subjeetto exactly
the same laws and Tonus of adinini<tiati.on, whetht i the rev-
olution shall succeed or fail, in the one case the States
would be federally connected with Die new cotiiedeiacy ;
in the other, they would, as now, be members ot the United
States; but then constitution and laws, customs, habits,
and institutions, 111 either case will lemain the same.
"It is hardly necessary to add to this incontestable state-
ment the fuiiher fact that the new President, a* well a^ the
citizens tlnough whose sulfranes he ha> come into the ad-
imnisttation, lias always lepumated nil de^ns whan-vei
and whenever imputed to him and them ot di-furh.iiff the
system of slavery as it is exiting under the Constitution
and laws.
" The ca«e, however, would not be fully piesenteil if T
were to omit to say that any >m-h eliorts 011 his pan would
be unconstitutional; and all his actions m that direction
would be prevented by the judicial autluuiiy, even though
they were assented to by Congiess and the people v
In February, 1861, the Senate unanimously
passed a resolution introduced by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Shkrmak:]
uResohed, That neither tins Comrie^ of the United
States, nor the people or sov< rnments of the non-slave-
holdin" Staic.^, have the constitutional riyht to le^i late
upon or inteilere with sdaveiym any of the slave-holding
Slates in the Union/'
In July, 1861, the resolution of my venerable
colleague [Mr. Ciutte.vdek] passed both Houses
of Congress with, 1 believe, but two dissenting
votes in each House:
"That the present deplorable civil war has been forced
upon the count!) bj the diMitnoni-t-- of the Mmtliein States
now in revolt anainst the constitutional Government, and
in arms around the capital: that m tin-, national emeiir
encv Congress, banishing all feelm^ol meie pa^s-ion Oi le-
scntment, will recollect its duty to the whole country; that
this war it- not waged uponom part in any spirit of oppies-
sion, nor foi any putpnsc of conquest or subjugation, nor
puipose of ovetthrownig oi interieimg with the lights oj
established institutions uf ihusi; Statef, but to defend and
maintain the sup*emaev ot the Constitution, and lo pie-
serve the Union With all the dignity, equahtv, and rnrhts
of the several States unnnpaued; that a< soon as these
objects are accomplished the wai ounht to cease."
When General Fiemont undeitook to eman-
cipate slaves in Missouri, by proclamation, the
objectionable part of it was icpudiated by the Ad-
ministration. The President, if he has not been
misunderstood, said, in his conversations with
members of tins House, especially as repotted by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. CutbrtKLi)]
and my colleague befote me, [Mt. Me.vzii:s,] that
he had neither power nor intention to do the thing1
now complained of. 1 quote the substance, not the
language. I feel at liberty to do so, since those
gentlemen did nut deem it confidential.
These things gave hope to the country. I do
not mean by this that he gave hope to those whom
the other side of this House denounce as pro-sla-
very propagandists. I am not one of them. But
they gave hope to the friends of constitutional
liberty, that the Constitution would be abided by.
A policy was announced; solemn promises were
made; and their virtue was not merely m being a
policy, but that it was a good policy; not merely
in being good promises, but promises that were
gloriously worthy of being kept. I am not nuk-
ing these quotations with the view to fasten in-
consistency upon the Administration. Inconsist-
ency is often a small thing to be proved, when
that is all of it. To cripple a political adversaty
is a common ambition. I am void of it to-cSay.
I desire to cripple nobody, but only to heal the
wounds of my country. Sir, I do not even do it
to complain of broken promises, but for the highei
purpose of calling the attention of the country,
and especially of the gentlemen on the other side
of this Chamber, to the great responsibility and
the great danger that may be and have been in-
curred by making such promises to the ear and
breaking them to the hope. And I do it for an-
other purpose. As the lawyer or the judge
searches the reports for authorities, I have tiie
legitimate right, one of the rights of discussion,
to call to my assistance the great names, the great
influence, and the acknowledged ability of the au-
thors of these doctrines, to enable me to attack
with success the errors of the proclamation.
I repeat that from these things the country took
cheer; but General Hunter, from whom better
things had been expected, issued his proclamation
emancipating (on paper) the slaves of the three
States of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.
The President repudiated the proclamation, but
did it with the very ominous reservation to him-
self of the right to determine the legality of such
measures, oi the military necessity that might re-
quire their adoption. V/e also remember that, in
the proposition for compensated emancipation,
soon after so dr-corously, and, I believe, so hon-
estly made, and especially insisted upon with^he
border State members, he indicated there was "a
pressure" upon him from a designated quarter—
the party who approved General Hunter's paper
fulmination of freedom; that (he country could not
afford to lose the support of those from whom this
pressure came; and a friendly admonition, for I
liave too much icspect for the qualities of my peo-
ple and the President's appreciation of them to call
it a threat—that if this scheme were no't adopted,
worse might come. The thing benrs honesty upon
the face of it; yet it is at once a melancholy and
a ludicrous chnptermour political history. The
Chief Executive of the greatest Republic in the
world, complaining of a pressure upon him to do
a thing he did not want to do, a thing he had prom-
ised not to do, and warning his friends that he was
about to give way uudei this pressure; thusadver-
tising those who were applying it to redouble the
force of the application ! If he had plainly and
stoutly said to the pressure party, " A.way with
your nonsense and with your malice, I will none
of it, I will abide by the Constitution,"the agony
would have been quickly over; and if he had lost
their support, which is not at all probable, he
would have been more than compensated by the
support of those glorious majorities that have
recently gone against his plans.
Rut an al 1-seeing Provide nee has permitted, and
a willfully blind fanaticism has decreed, a different
puhcy. The President's two proclamations—one
putting the whole country under martial law as to
certain offenses, and leaving it to military inquisi-
tions to determine those offenses, and the <ruilt of
the ni]yi:diTs, with only the vague and worse than
no definition of "disloyal practices" to go by; the
other declaring,
" That on the l>t day of Jnnuaiy,in the year of our Lord
all person^ held as .slaves in any State or designated
pait of «i Stale,t'u people w heteof >ha)l then be in rebel-
lion at>.Htisi the 1 Truted Staffs, ,sjuil lie then, theneeloi ward,
and foievei free; and the executive ijovennnent of the
looted States., jijeludnur the milftaiv and naval anihoriry
tJiereni. will m oi'jiize auJ i.utiutdia the heedom ot ^ueh
pel -oils, and v v' <>o no at' or a-1s to buppras such p<'i<ons
oi an\ oi them,in any^jJoiU they maj make loi then actual
heedoin
And offei ing to recommend to Congress that loyal
masters who may suffer by tins measuie shall
be compensated by the Geneiai Government; but
whetlu r we adopt that recommendation or not, the,
edict is still to be enforced. The language used
is ommouc. I hope its selection, and remaik-
 ble adaptation to facts, was accidental and not in-
tentional. Executive power is an expression of
the Constitution—" Executive government of the
United States''is new. The Army and "Navy have
not been considered authorities m our system, but
agencies subject to civil authority. The declara-
tion that there shall be no acts done to suppress
any elfoits the slaves may make for actual freedom
is chilling.
If this thing is legal, the rights of the slave to
freedom will become vested instanter on the issued
of the next proclamation on the 1st of January.
The right to freedom being once legally acquired,
can the President, or Congress, or any earthly
power, legally divesthim of that right? The Ken-
tucky court of appeals would hold not. Then
suppose that on the 1st of February it is made
known that by abandoning this scheme the Union
can be restored, what condition are we in? Of
course I would find no difficulty. But what would
those who maintain the lawfulness of the measure
do? Prefer the Union to the negro, or the negro
to the Union? 1 want an answer, and I want it
because it would throw some light on the ques-
tion, where are we drifting?
Considenngthelarge number of that race whose
political status is to be thus changed, about as
numerous as ail the inhabitants of the colonies
at the revolutionary war, the estimated value of
these persons as property, the enormous value of
the products of their labor, the intimate connec-
tion of that labor with the agriculture of one third,
and with the commerce of two thirds of ourpeople,
its connections with business and with credit in
both sections of the country, and the sudden and
convulsive change which is to come overall these,
we may safely affirm there is not a precedent like
it in the annals of the world. History recites
many great and beneficent changes in the relations
between dominant and servient or subject classes
in Greece, in Russia, and in our own mother Eng-
land ; but none of them have ever been so sudden
and violent as it is proposed this one shall be. It
is doubtful whether it is in the power of man to
produce such a one as is now demanded. Cer-
tainly none such can ever be beneficial. I have
not forgotten the exodus of Israel out of Egypt,
which was ordered and piloted by divine power
and skill. That was scarcely more than a tithe
in magnitude, in comparison with the change now
proposed for our country.
Where did the President derive the power to do
this great thing? The Constitution of the United
States creates the office of President, and vests in
that officer the executive power of the Govern-
ment The same instrument that creates the office,
confers upon the officer all the powers he has. It
is as safe as it is true to say he has none outside of
that instiument. He has such as are given, and
among those given are none to issue these procla-
mations. I care not for any connection you may
trace between the proclamations and acts of Con-
gress. Congress had no more power to authorize
the Piesident to do these things than he had to
do them without any such supposed authority.
Indeed, the legislative authority is not claimed in
deft nse of both, but only of the one establishing
martial law, and for this the war power is a much
more plausible pretext than anything to be found
among the powers of the legislative department. I
have asked the question, and 1 want it answered-**
where did the Presidentget this power' The Pres-
ident very lately denied the power, and has not
ventured to defend it m his message to this House.
The Secretary of State, with the knowledge and
approval of the Piesident, denied itm his instruc-
tions to our foreign ministers with the view of
advising the leading Powers of our deliberately
adopted policy on this gieat question. The Senate
denied it in the .Sherman resolution; both Houses
of Congress denied it in the Crittenden resolution;
and, greater far than this, than these, than all, the
peopiA* have domed it.
With all this great weight of authority, I yet
scarcely know how to construct a regular legal
argument against the validity of these measures.
Thuo are some things difficult to be explained,
been use they need no explanation, they are so plain
when looked at.
If I am asked to prove the sun is bright or the
sky is blue, I have only to reply, look 1 If I am
asked to prove the illegality of these measures, I
can properly answer by asking for a clause, a sen-
tence, or a word in the Constitution that author-
izes thorn. I ask," is it so nominated m the bond?"
Will the other side of this House venture to re-
ply, it is not so expressed; butwhatof that?"
1 hope they will. We will then have an issue
joined upon which we can put ourselves upon the
country and demand a verdict.
It is very significant upon this question that the
friends of these measures have not yet claimed'
that there is any direct authority for them, but only
that they are military necessities; that is, useful
