1<070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ened life ofthat illustrious judge who presides over
our national judiciary, and to have added fresh
vigor to his great intellect and high spiritof inde-
pendence, that he might vindicate the supremacy
of law amid the passions of revolution and the
clash of arms.
" As some tali cliff, that lifts its awful form,
Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm;
Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on its head."
Sir, it is the pride and the consolation of Mary-
land, in the midst of her afflictions, that she gave
both the prisoner and the judge to make the
grandest exposition of the highest right of consti-
tutional government; and the opinion in the habeas
corpws case of Merryman will never die while free-
dom lives. The spirit of the Constitution presid-
ing in that great judicial declaration sternly for-
bids^the passage of this bill.
But, Mr. Speaker, I turn now to different
thoughts, and will attempt to illustrate the evils
of this bill and show the wrongs it practically^jus-
tifies. I present them with extreme repugnance,
and know f cannot expect here to find much appro-
bation of my views. They are addressed rather
to my constituents, to my fellow-citizens of Mary-
land, and to the friends of constitutional liberty.
My own pride, and the devotion I ought in this
season of their oppression to chcrish for the peo-
ple of my State, require this declaration. I wish,
sir, now that public sentiment removing restraints
and restoring here free speech, gives the oppor-
tunity for the first time to say what I think, and
give expression to feelings that no caution can
make me distrust. I wish to speak with that free-
dom which is my birthright, and becomes espe-
cially the duties of this place. I do so here under
the shelter of the Constitution. To this House
alone am I responsible. While I do not invite the
infliction of arbitrary power, I solemnly protest
against and defy it. Having accepted the office
of a Representative solely in the hope of humbly
aiding to preserve peace,and through itourcoun-
try, when passion, invited by the Representatives
of the people, throwing down the Constitution
and the laws, came here also to preside, it was
then my wish, as I declared on the first day I en-
tered tins Hall, to retire from its useless, its hope-
less, and mortifying scenes. I knew that bitter
hate and resentment, and some jealousy against
Baltimore, planted by studied misrepresentation
at the North, and nourished and inflamed by the
sinister aims of some of our own unworthy peo-
ple, would proscribe me as its Representative un-
less I proved subservient. The sudden, unpre-
meditated violence of a not, not unknown to the
cities of the North, and to all large cities, was
referred to a deep-laid conspiiacy of a whole peo-
ple, arid their municipal authorities, who bravely
and faithfully did all that could 1>« done to pre-
vent, resist,and overcome it. 1 but repeat ihc test-
imony of the military officers who were assailed,
and aiso of the then executive of Maryland, who
now sits as a Senator in this Capitol.
But, sir, I scorn to offer now a defense of Bal-
timore. The fruitless attempts that 1 have made
to do this in every form of earnest, yet respectful
effort: the now prosirate condition of that beauti-
ful, and hospitable city; the abject spii it and de-
graded situation of its municipal authorities; the
utter subjugation of its people, must deny any
further attempt of that bitter task to me. Sir, I
prefer, and they whom I lepresent also prefer, to
cast our disgust, contempt, defiance, upon ourop-
pres.xors. Despising equally the censures or the
praises of the prejudiced and the unjust, I riisovfli
ior my constituents the sympathies of those who,
hen.' or elsewhere, have proved indifferent to the
brutal oppressions under which they and all the
manly people of Maryland have suflfoied; Mary-
land, the bught morning .star of civil and religious
freedom; the only spot at its settlement wheW, as
your historian, Bancroft, exclaims, " religious
liberty found its homo, its only home, in the wide
woi Id." The sacred i igh t of suffrage being o ver-
thiown in my district by military pcAver, left me
no lefuge from the cares and vexations of this
phlce, and I have preferred to suffer the trials and
iiioi tifications that 1 have endured rather than cre-
ate a vacancy to be filled by some minion of ex-
ecutive power, and thus add the bitterest of hu-
miliations to my constituents and to myself.
Sir, it is most unpleasant to dwell upon what
muy appear to be matters of personal concern,
especially at a time when appalling national mis-
fortunes surround us. But it is only from their
connection with public liberty, with the principles
of constitutional government, that they deserve
our nogce.
Upon the first day that I took my seat in this
Congress and claimed the privilege of vindicating
my conduct from aspersions that newspaper gos-
sip had created about a mission that I undertook,
with the knowledge of the Presidentand General
Scott, for the sake of peace and our Union, and
to soften the horrors of a civil war, and on which
a paltry spiritof prying malice had founded a pro-
ceeding to expel me from this House, how, sir,
was I not treated, with what rude and clamorous
injustice! And though supported by the Speaker
in the scope of my remarks, I was, by a heavy vote
of this House, overruling his decision, foiced to
abandon the attempt. As affecting me personally
that proceeding was insignificant. But, sir, it was
a blow struck at the representative principle by
those who had been created by its breath. How
often have I not, on every occasion since then,
been denied even the privilege of a word of expla-
nation, and that, too, upon subjects relating ex-
clusively to my own constituents! How often
have not my efforts to call attention to the most
flagrant and admitted violations of the Constitu-
tion and laws, or the most scandalous oppressions
against the rights of my constituents and State,
under forms of law, been frustrated by ill-dis-
guised malice, objecting in perverted minds ! The
dominating will of the majority, administering
the rules of this House, and trampling into the
dust the spirit of parliamentary law and the Con-
stitution, has absolutely, in effect, disfranchised
the fourth congressional district of Maryland. By
indignant speech, by truth-bearing, yet respect-
ful memorials, by resolutions for information, by
resolutions to promote investigation, by piopos-
ing measures of legislation, by all these means
have I earnestly tried to present, inquire into, or
redress the most crying oppressions inflicted upon
my constituents or fellow-citizens of Maryland.
And how have I not approached executive power
by every form of remonstrance, intercession, or
appeal consistent with my own and the dignity
of the injured, calling in the aid of others, and
bitterly, to the very bottom of my soul, vexing and
mortifying sensibilities already too severely tried,
and exhausting a patience and fortitude that na-
ture, adding sympathy to duty, in vain attempted
to supply! Sir,all these efforts have failed, and
the single right of voting with the dignity of si-
lence, (but not submission,) was all that remained
to me of the rights, privilege, and influence of a
Representative.
Mr. Speaker, Congress had scarcely ad journed
its first session, and that constitutional puvilegc
that protects the presence of its members was no
sooner gone than that other and higher one—for
what is the presence of a Representative worth if
free speech be domed ?—that provision which gives
immunity from accountability elsewhere than to
this House for the legislative actions and conduct
of its members, was ruthlessly violated. The
skulking minions of power had gathered around
its footstool, and whispering their falsehoods into
willing ears, hoped to retrieve the disappointments
of ambition or secure the rewards of a consuming
avarice by denouncing the just, the virtuous, the
independent. Informeis, spies, and detectives
swarming from Washington, with full license
against law and liberty, surrounded the outspoken
or fearless friend of his country. Authority which
had meanly prostituted itself to popular clamor
had pledged " the loss of its rightarm rather than
raise it against a sister State of the South;" had
protested with indignant wordsagainst the landing
of Federal troops to desecrate the soil of the State
capital, and "jestingly, "it is said, inquired for men
of Maryland ** to kill Lincoln's men." White-
liveied wretches who were palsied by fear, or who
fled at the shadows that popular tumult cast over
Baltimore; aspirants for high stations or low
places by the help of bayonets or fraud, contract-
ors, jobbers, and plunderers assembling together
and distorting events by the aid of a degraded
press that has openly confessed its shame for hav-
ing avowed an honest and manly opinion. Mer-
chants and bankers and men who had subscribed
large sums to provide arms for the use of our city
authorities, at a time of apprehended conflict with
; the Geneiai Government—these all together cried
out, and echoed back with new-born loyalty " the
Union, the Union, the unconditional Union,"and
were forthwith hailed by an alarmed Executive
as the appointed patriots of the State.
" Vipers that creep where man disdains to climb,
And having wound their loathsome track
To the top of this huge mouldering monument of Rome,
Hang hissing at the nobler man below."
Sir, 1 do not intend to include in this denunci-
ation those citizens who, with a genuine patriot-
ism have sustained the Union and yet sustain it
by military coercion, however much I differ from
their views. I refer only to the selfish, the ma-
licious, the calculating actors in the sad drama of
our subjugation.
Mr. Speaker, even the first in rank among the
soldiers of the Republic yielded to the base conta-
gion of arbitrary power. Sir, he who has won the
triumph of a northern renown, but not a victory,
became the partner and the tool of a conspiracy
against the sovereignty of a Commonwealth, ever
loyal to that Constitution its sages and heroes had
so greatly assisted to create and maintain; and by
his order that political ruffian called " military ne-
cessity "ex anguished the legislative power of Ma-
ryland,and took captive the libertiesofits bestciti-
zens. The destruction of our Legislature by force
of arms was the grossest act of treason against the
guarantees of our constitutional Government. It
was the foulest act of tyranny ever committed. It
was then known to the Federal Government that,
so far from intending to pass or in any way pro-
mote an act of secession, I he Legislature had ab-
solutely declined so to do by its public proceed-
ings. This foulest crime of our century has no
pretext to cover it.
Such, sir, were the hard conditions of a sol-
dier's service in a piemeditated plot to conquer
the independence of a border State, and which was
first revealed by a ridiculous midnight flight, de-
signed to awaken distrust and hostility at the
North. The written proofs of this conspiracy ex-
ist, and will be produced in better days, when the
parties implicated shall dare to deny them.
The armed agents of the executive Govern-
ment, at midnight, invaded my own home, and
the homes of my fellow-citizens, and withoutany
process or written authority whatever, forcibly
arrested and conveyed a large number of our prin-
cipal citizens, and State and city authorities, to
several military bastiles, under circumstances of
restraint and treatment worse than is visited in
civilized countries upon the most abandoned of
convicted malefactors. Sir, I declare that without
an accusation, process, or examination—nay, sir,
refusing to make a charge, or hear a defense, and
with no charge to this hour alleged, were these
unoffending citizens shut up within the walls of a
damp and filthy casemate—the light of the sun,
the open air, and exeicise,all these denied—not
one among us permitted to cross the threshold of
our prison den, where iron bars were added to aid
the bayonet of the sentinel, and prevent escape
already impossible, from the triple securities of
Fortress Monroe. In vain was the offer of a pris-
oner's parole for the sake of health within the
walls of the fort; in vain remonstrance. Sir, im-
agination must supply the disgusting details that
made this weary fortnight an imprisonment such
as only beasts are subjected to. And will it be
credited, when I add, that finally, remonstrance,
appealing to the relic of a soldier's pride, brought
out the admission from General Woo! that our
treatment was so ordered by the Government at
Washington.
" 0 shame ! where is thy blush ?"
That depraved nature, which afterwards pro-
duced an atrocious order making ita crime to ask
for counsel, and denounced prolonged imprison-
ment as the penalty for claiming this constitu-
tional right, must answer, and the Secretary of
State stand confessed the author of this glory.
Carried upon an unsafe steamei, then seeking
repairs, these prisonets of State, barely escaping
the dangei s of the autumnal equinox, were thrust
among the dreary cells and batteries of Fort La
Fayette, crowded together like cattle in the sham-
bles; there for months to be driven from wail to
shed, from sunshine to the chilling shade, by the
bayonet of the half-civilized imported soluier,
until the drum, denying the solace of a poor dim
candle, also hushed the voiceof social intercourse,
and closed the miseries of the day. But then, sir,
meditation came to the cot of the victim and told
