182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
and necessary war measures. This is abandon-
ing the Constitution, and substituting in its stead
a Government whose only source of power is the
necessity of a given emergency, and one man is
judge of the emergency and of the measures neces-
sary to meet it. Theoretically it is a despotism.
If it does not become one in practice, we have only
.to thank those who adopt the theory that their
work is not as broad as their rule.
Gentlemen ought to be careful how they make
precedents out of necessities and war measures.
They might become a two-edged sword. They
would cut North as well as South. It is falsely
assumed that slavery is the cause of the rebellion.
This is constantly assumed, but never yet proven.
The cause of the rebellion was jealousy—thirsty
ambition. When secession was a foregone con-
clusion, the conspirators had not the audacity to
vote, in the other end of the Capitol, that they
then needed further protection to slavery in the
Territories; and the duty to protect, when needed,
was the distinguishing feature of their platform.
Mr. Yancey,the masterspirit among them,said,
in his correspondence with Lord Russell, contrary
to the words and the substance of the alarm he
cried at the South: " It was from no fear £hat the
slaves would be liberated that secession took
place."
No, Mr. Chairman, slavery was not the cause
of the rebellion, but only a hobby in the hands of
skillful conspiratois, who understood their busi-
ness, and did it well. The conduct of northern
agitators,and ofthis Congress since the rebellion
began, has given plausibility to the falsehood.
Slavery was not the cause of the rebellion. This
logic would make all slaveholders rebels, whereas
many who have suffered most for the Govern-
ment, and fought as well for it on the field and
harder for it at the polls than any others, are slave-
holders* Is the owner of a slave, of necessity,
the enemy of the Government? How was it,
then, that those who participated most in framing
the Government, and most in administering itfor
fifty years out of seventy-five, were owners of
slaves? The argument is an absurdity. It is not
the moving cause, but only the hobby of the
movers to fire the southern heart, and to precipi-
tate a revolution. Was there never a rebellion or
revolution in a country where there was no
African slavery? And shall we adopt the plan of
destroying any particular interest which happens
to be selected as the theme of declamation and
the means of intrigue by bad men? We have
both false premises and false deductions from
those premises.
But it is decreed that slavery shall be destroyed,
and its destruction is called a war measure. Very
well. Here is a precedent. Now, suppose New
England had demanded a high protective tariff on
cotton and leather goods. It is refused; and she
either secedes or attempts to collect the duties at
her own ports, and raises an army to maintain the
position thus assumed. The Government sends
an army to enforce the laws. The fortunes of war
vary. The brave sons of the granite lulls and the
pine forests were not so easy to conquer as had
been supposed. And then the President says that
as cotton and leather manufactures were the cause
of the rebellion, their destruction has become a
military necessity m the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and the imperial edict goes forth that on the
1st day of January, 18G3, all cotton mills and boot
and shoe factories in States and parts of States in
rebellion shall be burned down. The citizcns of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois might ask for an ex-
emption from railroad lax. It is refused; mobs
resist the assessors and collectors; a few legiments
of militia are called out, and the insurgents beat
them off. This is civil war. The principle ap-
plies to a small war es well as a large nne, and to
one property as well as another. The States are
declared 111 rebellion, and the railroads the cause
of the rebellion. Their destruction is decreed as
a military necessity, and on an appointed day of
vengeance the beds are torn up, the ties burned,
the rails crooked, and the depots demolished. A
prominent citizen of New York is seized and cast
into prison by a Federal officer; he is leleased by
a State court on habeas corpus; he is again seized;
the State officers summon the posse comilatus to
sustain and enforce the judgment of the State court;
a conflict ensues; of course the New Yorkers
would beat the Federals on the first round, but
" the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy
of the United States" would head them in the end.
He would only have to proclaim that as State
courts and State writs did all the mischief, he
would, on New Year's day, or on Thanksgiving
day, or some other good day, abolish the whole
catalogue. Of course it would be idle to complain
that your Circuits, your Quarter Sessions, your
Probates, your Oyer and Terminer, your Common
Pleas, your Appeals, and your High Court of
Errors were State institutions. The President
knew that, but they were the cause of a naughty
rebellion, and a military necessity required that
they should be suppressed as promptly as everhis
kind Kentucky mother obliged him into his good
behavior on the banks and braes of bonny Nolin.
I would the President could in these feverish times
go take one long, cooling draught fi om the stream
of his nativity, and stroll one hour upon that peb-
bly shore where his innocent young life first saw
the sunlight of heaven dance as if for joy upon its
bosom, and once more sit, the bright-eyed angler,
where his childhood drew from those clear, deep
pools the finny tribe with a purer and a warmer
delight than his manhood received the lightning's
news of his accession to the Presidency. His pol-
icy will redden that stream with the blood of the
friends and the kindred he left behind him, until
its gentle cascades will sigh for their sorrow.
The illustrations could be multiplied without
number. Our country is rich m resources for
military necessities. The public lands, the jury
system, the lakes and rivers, taxes, Territories,
negroes, either slave or free, could any of them, if
well plied, furnish an occasion. It is a foolish thing,
Mr. Chairman, this doctrine of destroying vlet
armis the subject-matter of a controversy, the ma-
terial thing or interest about which a rebellion or
a war is supposed to have originated. Underthis
new rule, when we went to war with England in
defense of sailors' rights, England might easily
have concluded that as she was very much en-
gaged just then with Napoleon, it was a military
necessity that she should end in a summary way
the war with her spirited cousins by hanging to
the yard-arm, all the impressed seamen whose
rights we claimed had been violated. And Wash-
ington, finding a small speck of war on his hands
when he sent out the militia under a good gen-
eral to suppress the whisky insurrection, might
have concluded that as whisky was the cause of
the rebellion, and whisky was made in the dis-
tilleries, he would destroy all the distilleries, and
as whisky was made of corn, he would burn all
the corn, and for fear more distilleries would be
built and more corn planted, he would issue his
proclamation agamstany such buildingand plant-
ing. And in doing this he would not have been
much further wrong than the radicals of tins day;
for, admitting slavery to be as bad as you say,it
is yet no worse than bad whisky.
The proclamation was a bad precedent to put
in the books and bodes evil to all the country:
" In the^c cases,
We *ti!l have judgment here ; that \vc but teach
Woody instruction?, which, being taught, return
To plague tue inventor: tins even-handed justice
Commends the imncdienta of our poisou'd chalice
To oai own lips."
The way to suppress the rebellion is to whip
the rebels, and to do it well and quickly; but all
the time offer them the whole protection of the
law which you say they have violated, and which
|| you say you aie trying to enforce. I mean, of
h course, offer them the protection of the law, just
as they obey the law. What an anomalous atti-
tude for a nation to occupy, waging a tremendous
war to execute the law, (for that is all that is meant
by the suppression of a lebelhon,) and claiming
j to suspend or disregard all lav/ while straining
!; the power of the Government to iU utmost ten-
i; sion to enforce the same law!
j! If these measures were unconstitutional when
! j the President and the Secretary and the Senate said
| so, when did they become legal? When was the
. Constitution changed? Or, it it has temuined the
I same, when did the light of a new and a better
j; construction pour like an illuminating flood upon
■ ! the minds of the Presiuentand his advisers ? iNTo,
Mr. Speaker, there has been no change; there
has been no new li^ht. Weaie only running the
way of all the earth—repeating the blundeis of
nations in trouble and of people enraged. The
most attractive histonan of modern times, in re-
citing how a noble lord liked to have died of mor-
tification on hearing that his son had turned rebel,
and yet turned rebel himself in less than a fort-
night, says:
" In revolutions men live fa^-t; the experience of years
is crowded into hours ; old habits ol thought and action are
violently broken; novelties which at fiist sight inspired
diead and disgust,become in a few days familiar, endurable,
attractive."
The profoundest investigator of modern histo-
rians, in alluding to the violent icmedies adopted
by Governments when assailed by powerful insur-
rections, and especially in regard to martial law,
says:
" There may, indeed, be times of pres^inc; danger, when
the conservation of all demands the saciifiee of the legal
rights of a lew; there may be circumstances that not only
justify, but compel, the temporary abandonment of consti-
tutional forms. It has been usual 'for all Governments, dnr-
ingactual rebellion, to proclaim martial law, or thcsu«pen-
f-ionofciviljuusdiction.'5 #■*•** "But it
is of high importance to watch with extreme jealousy the
disposition toward which most Governments ate pione—to
introduce too soon, to extend too fai, to retain too long, so
perilous a remedy." * * * * "It is an un-
happv consequence of all deviations from the even course
of law that the forced acts of overiuling nece-*[ty come to
be distoned into precedents to serve the puipo&es of arbi-
tiary power."
Hallam lived, studied, and wrote m a country
without a written constitution. Burke, who saw
and described more clearly than any other philos-
opher the currents and the breakeis, the benefits
and the calamities, of the great convulsion in
France, said, " We are alarmed into reflection."
We have passed through all these stages; we have
lived fast; we have become accustomed to that
which was at first dreadful; we have adopted too
soon, and continued too long, the violent remedies
so common in revolutionary times; and now,
fortunately now, we are alarmed into reflection.
The sober second thought has overtaken and will
save us. Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to argue
the unconstitutionality of these measures with the
expectation of convincing those who are prede-
termined to believe anything constitutional which
will destroy an institution they hate, though it be
recognized and protected in the Constitution.
That were a hopeless task. But there are people
m the country who can see the dangerous tend-
ency of these things; and to them, and for them,
I will speak. I would admonish them to consider
at once the source and the cause of our institu-
tions, and the evils they were intended to guard
against. The history of England is the best com-
mentary on the Constitution of the United States.
Tha t great instrument is but the reduction to writ-
ing, with some improvements, of the best features
of English statutes and English customs. It is the
refined wisdom distilled by dear experience from
the fierce conflict between haughty princes and
a hardy, independent, and spirited race. The
throne constantly sought to exercise the " kingly
preiogative," and the people as constantly con-
tended for their personal freedom, their rights of
property, and for the correction of abuses in the
administration.
There is but one irrepressible conflict in politics,
the conflict between the aggressions of executive
power and the liberty of "the citizen. In these
conflicts the king was always the loser, and the
barons or the people always the gainers. The
prerogative and the power of the crown were al-
ways lessened, and the importance and liberty of
the citizcns as constantly increased. The prerog-
ative as claimed by the king was generally exer-
cised in the suspension of some law, or declaring
something law that was not law, or levying a tax
or a subsidy that the Parliament had not granted,
or m granting monopolies that were profitable to
favorites and oppressive to the masses. These
things were generally done by proclamation', or
letteis patent under the great seal. The Commons,
the great prototype of this House, and the peo-
ple, the fathers of our people, would respectfully
address, humbly petition stoutly demand, or forci-
bly resist, as the state of the quartel demanded.
Out of these contests, including that of the colo-
nies with the mother country, £rew our Consti-
tution. Away back in the dim twilight of British
history the seeds of our system were sown. At
Runnymedc they germinated, and biust through
a stubborn and unwilling soil; and from that day
up to Yorktown the plant has been nurtured by
the blood, anu pruned and guided by the arms of
the first ui.ee of earth. Those seeds, sown in the
days of the Edwards, the Henrys, the Johns, the
Jameses, the Charleses, and the Georges, bloomed
into strength and well-proportioned fullness in
