1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107®
of the empty glories of that higher aspiration,
" Excelsior," and darkness and the sovereignty
of the Empire State together sullenly brooded
over the scene of this brutal tyranny. Fort War-
ren next claimed the custody of these devoted
prisoners, and there oppression satiated itself.
At length, executive tyranny, musing exultingly
over the Ray State's boasting motto in the vain
words "Ense petit placidamsub libertatc quietam,"
and having sufficiently honored the great Com-
monwealths of New York and Massachusetts as
its chosen asylums, suddenly and capriciously
released its victims. Without accusation or de-
fense, without explanation given or received, with
nothing but suffering endured by themselves and
those whom nature had bound to them, on the
one side, and the joys such suffering gave on the
other, these citizens of a free constitutional Re-
public were cast out abruptly from a cruel impris-
onment of more tlian fourteen months' duration.
But, sir, if tyranny was crowned by these trans-
actions in our free United States of America, it
found no subjects to concede its realm among
those just and fearless men of Maryland. Their
spirit, unshaken through all the sufferings they
endured, defied the terrors of their persecution.
They would have* preferred death to bringing
any dishonor on their citizenship. Their crime
consisted in standing up manfully for the consti-
tutional rights of their State, and the demands of
duty under its laws. Animated by the principles
that ever support such a duty in patriotic breasts,
they came out of the bastile as free, as proud in
spirit, as they entered it. They attested the in-
tegrity and innocence of theiractionsand thoughts
by spuming every offered concession to power.
They could not be forced to sacrifice principle for
the sake of personal liberty. It is a proud fact
that many of the humblest citizens of Maryland,
impiisoried all over the land, under circumstances
of the utmost privation and suffering, in camps
or common prisons, have maintained this noble
attitude to the last. And, sir, numbers of them
yet maintain it. It is the genuine spirit of Amer-
ican constitutional liberty. The exampjeafforded
by their firmness and constancy will go on the
enduring pages of history, and invite the admira-
tion of their countrymen, while eternal infamy
awaits those who have oppressed them.
Sir, the liberating power of money had soon
released the richest among these prisoners, and
a good and fearless citizen and legislator of his
State, against whom J he suborned press or mis-
creant crew of informers had clamored as the
guiltiest traitor of them all, after a few day's con-
finement, walked from (he prison in a mist of gold.
Another, less fortunate in the dispensations of
God, had been released that he might stand at the
grave ofa loved and gallant brother-, whose wounds,
received in the battles of his country, and a long,
hard service in its Navy, had cut short his useful
life. In vain, sir, did this prisoner plead for two
hours' parole, before he was removed from his
State, that he might bid the last adieu to this dy-
ing brother, and hear from his brave lips the words
of love, of blessing, and of fortitude. In vain did
his well-earned claims entreat this small boon of
the sout'sappeal. Communicated to the author-
ities here in Washington, by them it was denied.
Mr. Speaker, that jailor Secretary of State who
denied t his pious duty, with soul abandoned from
man and God, and waking perhaps from some
debauch, heard that dying appeal only in the fall
ofthe rattling "earth to earth,"andthen,mocking
with hypocritical compassion the most sacred feel-
ings of the heart, moved by his order the prison
to the grave.
Sir, the monuments that patriotism has raised
to mark the ashes of the illustrious Gerry and
Clinton, of Pmkney and of Wirt, were the route
witnesses of this scene, and recognizcd there in
the person of the prisoner a Representative whose
only crime was in trying to preserve the principles
of a Government they had so nobly assisted to
erect or maintain. And although demanded over
and over again, to this hour that Secretary has
never signified what statute it was, or even moral
obligation, that had been, or it was even sus-
pected might be, violated. And that prisoner now
declares here before the Searcher of all hearts his
utter ignorance of any ground for this atrocious
tyranny, unless it be found in his public acts as a
member of this body.
Sir, when the efforts of a Representative are in
this way met and arrested by arbitrary power;
when the privileges that are sheltered here by the
Constitution are thus wrested away; when reason,
argument, and remonstrance are answered by the
infliction of a brutal imprisonment; whgn the
earnest, heartfelt pleadings for right, for constitu-
tional liberty, offered in this place, consecrated to
its cause, when the soul-inspired hopes and plans
of peace proposed here are answered, when the
obligations of that solemn covenant administered
by the Speaker's hands, when all these are an-
swered by the ruthless privation of all privilege,
of all peace, of all liberty, and when, alas, this is
submitted to by the Representatives of the people,
and not a voice raised to protest against it, not a
whisper of discontent heard here to this hour to
question it, excepting only in the eloquent effort
of my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
hees,] just now delivered, must we not despair-
ingly exclaim, where has the life of our Republic
gone, where its manhood, where its Constitution,
where the spirit of independence that, nourished
by it, defended it, where the fidelity, the con-
science pledged before God to support and protect
it? Why, sir, oh why have these, the only hopes
to keep and bless our future of free government in
the surrounding gloom, why have these forsaken
us?
Sir, the spirit of Democratic principle cherished
in the breasts of the small circle upon this side of
the House was yet too feeble to vindicate the
Constitution, thus violated in the persons of two
of the members of its party. H was powerless.
I repeat that it is most painful to me to present
a relation of these personal incidents, and which
are only deserving of notice from the violence done
to my representative character.
Mr. Speaker, usurpation has done its work,
and, with a sorrowing breast, I am forced to de-
clare my conviction that the glory of our United
States, its incomparable Constitution, is finally
destroyed, and a centralized despotism erected
upon its ruins—struck through its vitals by that
Chief Magistrate especially elected and sworn be-
fore his countrymen at this Capitol to protectand
defend it. And, sir, history will add uponitsen-
during rolls to the name of Abraham Lincoln, the
names also of those representatives of the States
and of the people who have aided this unholy
deed. Incapable of comprehending, or not ap-
preciating, and utterly reckless of keeping the
priceless principles of ourConstitution, the fanat-
icism of our presentrulers has ruined the grandest
work of man.
The Legislature of Maryland and local author-
ities of Baltimore were, by brute force of Federal
power, crushed out of existence. A Legislature
that, declining in absolute terms to aid any plans
of secession, yet, with a noble devotion, asserted
Us fealty to the Federal Constitution, and, by de-
nouncing its invaders, incurred the guilt of inde-
pendence; a city government that, having bravely
met every responsibility of duty, became criminal
only when it persisted in obeying the laws. Our
light of suffrage was soon destroyed. A base
conspiiacy of men, holding and di&gracing the
highest civil and military stations, both at Wash-
ington and in our own State, by force of Federal
power and a deliberate plan accomplished this
shameful deed. I say, sir, what I do know. The
fortunes of war, Mr. Speaker, sometimes make
strange revelations, and truth, though crushed by
the heel of one soldier, may yet arise by the sword
of another.
Sir, the sovereignty of our State thus insulted,
outiaged, and trodden into the dust, Maryland
became a subjugated province, and now contin-
ues such. Not a single State right,not one con-
stitutional guarantee lemaimng—not one. A faith-
less Governor, true only to the miserable influences
that appointed him, has surrendered to military
power the trusts of the high office he has usurped,
and even joined in festive mirth to celebrate the
transferred majesty of our laws, and welcome
with applauding speech the conquering hero of
his fears. The appeals of suffering or pillaged
citizens pass by unheeded; and every marauding
.soldier, with our Governor's assent, now defies
the power of the State.
A servile Legislature, whose members, with a
few honorable exceptions, were also the mere
creatures of military power, hastened by pains
and penalties to fasten the yoke upon our people
themselves, and laws against fundamental right,
believed to have been dictated at Washington^
now disgrace our statute-book.
The contented slaves of our people, happy .until'
corrupted in their humble cabin homes,- and-sat-
isfied under the mild and tolerant spirit that com-1
mands their labor and provides for every want,
happier, far happier than the toiling bonaman of
the eastern hemisphere, are forced away against'
their consent, in a defiant and public way, by offi-
cers of rank seeking promotion by such merit.
Separated from the associations and affectionsbf
the master's family and their own, these poor vic-
tims of the blasting civilization of the North are-
seduced away from slavery only to be cast help-
less and friendless upon the chance charity of their
deliverers or the assaults of an affronted soldiery..
Sir, the poor children of Africa have been visited
by sore affliction, but this, mercy of the abolition-
ists is the heaviest of their calamities. And it is
so considered by all the intelligent among them-
selves; and the future will soon prove how utterly
heartless is this miserable political speculation
upon the destinies of the African race, and which,
if it succeeds, must destroy these poor victims of
its blighting care.
Sir, our slaves are enticed into camps or hos-
pitals established all over the State, and there en-
forced to remain by "military protection," di-
rected by the Federal Executive, until they are
transported beyond the State to complete this
scandalous scheme of larceny. Fugitive slaves-
arrested here in this District, created by the de-
sign of recent legislation as a refuge against the
obligation of the supreme law, are no sooner com-
mitted by judicial authority to await the demand
of the owner under the guarantees of the Consti-
tution, than armed soldiers of the provost guard,
by force, release and set them free. The musket
has taken place of the deed. In vain has the mar-
shal, the friend and daily companion of the Pres-
ident, remonstrated against such lawlessness. Sir,
this base and fraudulent scheme of robbing the
people of Maryland of their property yet goes oh.
The negro slave is, indeed, in some respects, the
only free man in Maryland; for, while military
surveillance inspects the social visits of the mas-
ter, and a pass alone gives him the privilege of
the highway, the slave goes freely, and is aided
on his way.
Restrictions on our internal trade and commerce,
in palpable violation of the Constitution and re-
peated decisions of the Supreme Court, are estab-
lished by the Department of the Treasury, and a
delegated discretion to understrappers in our cus-
tom-houses has inflicted and yet maintains most
vexatious, burdensome, and expensive conditions
upon our people. Rigorous rules that press upon
an entire population are made a pretext to screen
the worthless vigilance that ought to guard the
lines that separate contending armies. Sir, as
they are not imposed in the exercise of any mili-
tary power, we must conclude they are designed
simply to oppress us.
Boards of Trade, (unknown to law,)crcated of
petty politicians, search the breasts of every man
and woman, and by oaths and fees harass each
household in its demands for food or clothing, or
other necessaries of life, only to be obtained in
Baltimore, thus assailing its prosperity and dis-
criminating in favor of other ports and places.
And even the sacred liberty of conscience is pro-
scribed at its very birthplace on our continent,
and the Catholic citizen of Maryland by " Know
Nothing" officials requiied "to swear over the
sign of the cross," after taking the usual oath on
the Holy Evangels. I have, sir, already offered
to submit the conclusive evidence of this fact to a
committee of this House. It cannot with truth be
denied.
Our private papers have been forcibly seized
and brought to Washington, and yet detained in
the State Department." Property of all kinds is
seized and carried off openly and habitually by
agents of the Federal Government, or its maraud-
ing troops; and confiscations, mockingjudicialau-
thority, are pfonouneed by the captors themselves.
In \ain does the owner demand either compensa-
tion or security, or, oftentimes, even the evidence
ofa receipt for it. I am now, sir, referring to seiz-
ures of the property of our citizens at their homes,
and without a pretext alleged for seizing it.
Mr. Speaker, the property of our citizens has
been seized under these circumstances and brought
here to Washington, and after considerable por-
