1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
stopping to give authorities, without referring; to
the book and the page of Kent, Wheaton, Vat-
tel, Grotius, Puffendorf, Bynkershoek, and Mon-
tesquieu, I affirm that the rule adduced from these
great writers, and the rule adduced from the mod-
ern customs of civilized and Christian nations,
is that you cannot destroy private property on
land. You can seize it, and even destroy it, when
it has had a public and hostile character imparted
to it, by being used 111 the war against you. The
exceptions to the rule I have laid down are caused
by present, urgent,and overriding necessity—such
necessity as appertains to the immediate conduct
of a battle or a campaign, as when Washington
destroyed a house that his batteries might play
fairly on Yorktown. It is m the same sense that on
certain occasions a general would be either a fool
or a traitor to send for a justice to issue a warrant,
and a constable to execute it; or, having dispensed
with their assistance, would allow the nearest
judge to take his prisoner from him under habeas
corpus, and send him over to the enemy with maps
or secret information. The cases are easily dis-
tinguished. It is only hatred, or the love of
power, that will magnify the exception into a rule
of law.
What I affirm is, that it is impossible that the
exception to the rule, in the form of necessity,
should ever embrace so vast an amount of piop-
eity scdUcied over so vast a temtory as the slaves
in eleven States, owned promiscuously by rebels
and loyal men; or that it can emhiace twenty
million free people in twenty-two loyal States.
I repeat, sir, there is nothing gained in the way
of power by casting away the Constitution anil
taking up the laws of nations. It is constantly
urged, not only that nceessiiy is one of the rules
of war, but that the destruction of slavery has be-
come a necessity lor the suppression of tins rebel-
lion. This is more honest and mot e definite. It is
coming to the point. I will not argue the fact of
the necessity, but only give my opinion that if
the rebellion cannot bo suppressed without this, it
cannot be done with it.
I only desire to cali the attention of the coun-
try to this doctrine of war power derived from
necessity. As I undeistand the doetime, it is
this: in a state of war, foreign 01 civil, the " war
power" may do what innecessury to overcome the
enemy. The President, then, the Commander-
in-Chief, gets his power not so muchfiom thu
Constitution, which he swears to support, as from
the war power; and the power thus derived is
measured not so much by anv written ic.le as by
the necessity of the particular emergency: and the
emergency and necessity, and the fitness of the
remedy proposed, are all determined by him.
Then it has come to this, that our Constitution
is a system of government tor the piping times of
peace; but in the midst of arms all its laws are
silent. It has come to this, that it is a good law
as long as it is obeyed; but no law at all when
violated by atraitor. The first rude blast, or even
a small speck of war, suspends the Constitution
and substitutes a higher law, the law of necessity—
one man being thejudge of the occasion, the ne-
cessity, and of the measure of harshness or de-
struction demanded. Whatever else may be said
of the proposition, I like its plainness. 1 like to
deal with an adversaiy whom 1 can understand.
He gives us a despotism instead of a regulat and
limited government. Then; is no escaping the
conclusion. Surely it does not require any argu-
ment to prove that this principle is as dangerous
to one section as to another. I am not resisting
it for the harm it would do to the plotters and doers j
oftreason. Morally, they des< rve aimost anything ,
that can be inilicteu. But I resist it for niys: It', '
for my children, and for the loyal people of my [
country. The advocates ol rhis higher-law i heory :
are as much rebels against the Constitution as the ■
southern secessionists. The only diiFerence be- j
tween them is that the southern rebel had tin: pluck !
to take up arms m defense of his folly and wick- j
edness, while the northern r"bel is defending Ins j
in his stump spee< hes, Ins editorials, iiisseimons, i
his prayers,and his votes in Congress. While he j
is " singing psalms through his nose," his south- j
ern ally is sleeping in a swamp, scaling a mount-
ain to the tune of the Marseilleise, or dying m the
last ditch.
When the Tories under James persecuted the
Whigs, the Whig s complained bitterly of ai rests
"without warrant, that they could get no copy of
an indictment, that they were not allowed counsel
and sworn witnesses, that they were imprisoned
without a known cause, and kept long in prison
without a trial. The Tones answered,48 necessity
and public danger.5' When James lied the realm,
and William of Orange ascended the throne, the
tables were turned. The Jacobites and Tories
constantly intrigued for a restoration, and they
in turn were found complaining of imprisonment
without writs and without overt acts—that they
could get no specifications, and were allowed no
trial. The Whigs rather felt the force of the com-
plaint, but often replied, "necessity and public
danger."
And so it has ever gone. The fault is inhuman
nature, and Governments are to control human
nature. There is much may be said in favor of
the arrest, the banishment, and even the destruc-
tion of an unprincipled conspirator against whom
little or nothing overt can bepioved,and yotwho,
as everybody knows, is plotting for the destruc-
tion of the Government whose protection he is
receiving. The danger is, that if these things are
not done according to rule—in our case the Con-
stitution—the necessity will always be found on
the side of the ins, and the hardships and mistakes
on the side of the outs. Can wc not rise above
the jealousies and the hatreds of the hour, the
more animal part of human nature, and lift our-
selves to th<.it elevation of view where there is a
clearer air and a wider range; where wc can see
the faults of ourselves as well as the sins of the
rebels? We are struggling with contending cur-
rents; we are in the fog, and we are fretted. Prom
the neighboring heights we can sec where the one
will lead us into a placid harbor laden with the
prosperity of a thousand interests, and girt round
with the gianite walls of the Constitution, where
the breath of storm can never light: the other, into
the maelstrom of anaichy and violence, whose
voitex wc can only  -s< ape by fleeing to the dead
sea of despotism, and anchoring ourselves firmly,
submissively, forever upon its stagnant and fetid
I bosom
| Waiving the question of constitutionality, the
; proclamation of emancipation was an impolitic,
j an unwise, and a frightfully unfortunate measure.
| It consolidates the people of the southern States
I and makes a unity of them, and imparts to them
! the eneigy of despair, with a show of justice in
j the eyes of the world lliev never bad before. In
j the beginning they raised the fals'* cry that they
I were striking for their homes rind firesides. Shell
■ we make that true which was false ? Many Union
S men, who had firmly resisted the tide of events
! and of public opinion up to that lime, gave way
i and succumbed, Some of the most melancholy
' instances of this have occurred in East Tennessee
| among the most loyal, the most neglected, and the
j most oppressed people on this continent. It con-
' founds and embarrasses Union men in the border
and western States. They had a thousand times
argued, nay. some of them had promised no such
radicalism would be adopted by the Administra-
tion; and cited the inaugural, and the messages,
the Sherman and the Crittenden resolutions, in
| proof of their position. Oh! sir, could members
! only s^e the einel advantage that proclamation
j nave rebels and rebel sympathizers overthe ftimids
I ot the Union in my country, they would go in a
i body and demand of the President—who they
; chum isa^ood man—that hereca.nt the unfortunate
order. Considering it only as a war mrasure, it is
not merely a paper wad. Jt is more. It is a blun-
der and an injustice that injures only the friends
of the Govt omenf. We had worked manfully
jigamst the tempest, but now—
'•'You mat om Jabni,
Yoa Ho ;iv-j-t the ^tonn "
iiowis this pi origination to be enforced.3 It
cannot !  • enforced in a gfven State or district until
ournrms have possession of the country. And
w hen we ha\e acquired possession and control of
a given disrnet of country so that wo can enfoire
the laws, that is all you want, without the procla-
mation, if you were honest m passing the Crit-
tenden resolution. the best penned resolution t hat
appears on the record of our political history, it
is equally useless, premature, and even dangerous
where we have no possession and no control.
" The man that onee rit'l s.-M ihe lion's ^kin j
"While iije liea^t vet li\ ''d, \va> kilk d wirh hunting him.*1 j
What use then is intended to be made of the ]
proclamation? Is it the policy of lum who ought '
to be the political savior as well as the President
of the Republic to make the negro his apostle, to
go before him crying aloud in the South, baptiz-
ing the country in blood and fire to preach tfye
coming of his great salvation ? Considered in the
light of a threat, it is a poor compliment to the
hereditary spirit of the races from which we all
sprung, to the blood that courses through all our
veins.
But, Mr. Chairman, the most cruel and alarming
and abhorrent feature of this thing is the servile
insurrection and war that must follow the attempts
to enforce it. "We arc told there is no invitation
to the negroes to do this. In terms there is not,
practically theie is in the offer of freedom, and in
the promise that nothing shall be done to resist
their assertion of that fieedom. Others say it is
not meant that way, and need not and will not re-
sult that way; that it is simply freeing a certain
class without telling them to do murder. Mr.
Chairman, is it intended to add insult to injury?
Are wc to be mocked at in this way—to be told
tiiat such a measure as this, offering sudden
emancipation to such a class, against the preju-
dices and the admitted legal rights of such spirits
as southern rebels and southern planters, will not
lead to bloodshed of the most icvoliing character
known to the history of the world ? Others,more
honest, or perhaps only more impudent and dev-
ilish, tell us plumply, " of course there will be
insurrection and servile war; but whose fault is it?
Did not the rebels bring on the war, and is not
servile insurrecti ^ an incident of such a war; and
have we not a right to ask all human beings to
assist us in suppressing such a rebellion ?" Great
God! has it come to this? Could I call up the
spirit of Chatham to this floor, or borrow the
power of the living orator to huil only one thun-
derbolt at this great iniquity! When our fathers
severed the ties that bound them to the mother
counti y, they stated, as one of their complaints,
that the king had "endeavored to bring on the
inhabitants of our frontiers the merciless Indian
savages, whose known rule of warfare is an
undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes,
and conditions." And now our Government in-
vokes the assistance of more than three million
beings who, the friends of the measure have long
been telling us, are made barbarous and revenge-
ful by a long course of oppression, and whose
modes of war, as far as we can learn from Africa
and the Indies, are as much worse than the red
man's as the red man's is worse than the white
man's. What will the world think? What will
be the " opinion of mankind," for which we ought
always to have a "decent respect," when they
compare the complaints of our fathers, with the
conduct of their children; especially when they
remember that the rebels inherited their much-
hated property from their fathers, who bought it
in large part from your fathers, and paid them in
gold and silver and tobacco, the three circulating
mediums of that day? Are gentlemen so benton
a given policy toward slavery, and so maddened
by hatred to slave owneis, that they will go any
lengths, regardless even of the friends of the Gov-
ernment m the doomed districts? Think of those
A lends. Remember that the weeds and flowers
are closely mixed, and be careful that in rooting
out the one you do not tear up the other. It is a
proclamation to
Pom the pvvcet milk of concord into hell,
Uproar the untvei^al peace, confound
All unity on earth."
The confiscation acts of last session had already
taken away all the property of rebels. All it
iK eded, at least, was to be enforced; and therefore
all that is left for the proclamation to effect is to
takeaway the property of Union men. To my
mind it is not the value of the property thus de-
stroyed that is most objectionable; it is the prin-
ciple, or the violation ot principle, involved. My
own opinion is, the rebels have committed the act
of bankiuptey in regard to that species of prop-
erty, and have made it very doubtful whether the
assets will pay the costs of a settlement under a
commission from any Government. Ifgentlemen
could have been in Kentucky to see the gloom on
the faces of Union men, caused by this proclama-
tion, and the delight that beamed ftoin the faces
of lebeis when that edict went forth, they would
rnttiLiin duTeient views of it as a war measure.
And why did it cause these different emotions in
the two classes ofour people? Becausconesawand
