THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGXESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1863.
r Series.....No. 68.
The district attorney and marshal selected by the
President, and the latter possessing the exclusive
discretion to select both the grand and petit juries,
the whole power of both preventive and punitive
justice was to be found in the jurisdiction of these
courts.
Sir, no plea of a military necessity ever for a
moment existed in Maryland. A zealous Gov-
ernor supporting; the Federal power, and a supple
Legislature, added together the powers of both
State and Federal Governments. Was not here
sufficient strength to arrest and punisji the citizen
according to law? Has it ever been pretended
that any oiganization existed to resist law? Sir,
not one honest or true man lives in Maryland, or
anywhere, who is not forced to believe that the
oppressions of our people have been as reckless
and unjustifiable as tliey were cruel and cowardly.
Maryland has even been praised in reports of
Secretaries, and a proclamation of the President,
for the loyalty of her people, and the protection
of the Constitution promised as a reward of her
fealty. And yet,sir, we perceive howdelusive is
this new pledge. Why are the scandalous inva-
sions, the aggressions, the restrictions, the insults,
the oppressions upon our plainest rights, yet con-
tinued? Why these arrests made, why imprison-
ments prolonged, property seized and confiscated,
commerce interdicted, our slaves removed ? Is it
even pretended by those who commit them that
there now exists a military necessity, or any ne-
cessity, to justify these proceedings?
Our people have been forced to associate tyr-
anny with the exercise of Federal power. They
see nothing but injustice and wrong in its acts.
They believe them to be wanton,and inflicted on
grounds of a personal, political, or sectional in-
fluence. They know they arc unnecessary, and
could easily be restrained or prevented, and are
not.
Sir, we are not ignorant that allegiance and
protection are mutual and reciprocal rights; and,
as a people fit to be free ever should, we feel that
the course of oppression inflicted upon us by the
Federal Government must, if persisted in, finally
absolve us from any legal or moral allegiance to it.
It is useless to deny that the peopln of Mary-
land have become alienated from the Government
by the ants of executive power. If, sir, they are
to be continued, we see nothing but calamity in
the future of the Federal Government—nothing
but oppression in maintaining: political relations
with it. The hopes of civil liberty now beckon
us away.
A centralized Federal system absorbing the
States is now before oui eyes. We see the move-
ment of its giant limbs in the schemes of the
measure now under consideration, in the-plan of
a national bank system, and a national guard, the
conscription bill, and other alarming measures.
We, in Maryland, have long felt its presence in
the omnipotence of executive power.
The source of our political power and hopes, a
free ballot-box, has been crushed by the heel of
the soldier, and our freedom of speech, our liberty
of the press, our private property, oui personal
liberty, all these fundamental rights of man are
overthrown. And what has been the experience
of the past may be the fate of our future. The
divine right of a refuge from intolerable oppres-
sion is the common heritage of all mankind. Let
no one misunderstand me. I speak here only for
constitutional right, and for its sake alone declare,
with a candor I ought to acknowledge, my humble
views of our future. With the Constitutions, both
Federal and State, as my guides, and ever pro-
foundly anxious to preserve the blessings of law
and of peace within our borders, I have earnestly
tried against both personal and political ties and
associations to support constituted authority for
the sake of State sovereignty, believing from our
position that the people of Maryland could only
walk safely through the fires of this dieadful rev-
olution under its authority if firmly and conscien-
tiously administered. And while I have praised
the spirit of loyalty of the Legislature that met at
Frederick, (I mean, sir, the only loyalty that I re-
68
spect, loyally to the Constitution,) so I have sternly
condemned what at the time seemed to be or were
represented as its tendencies, either to establish ar-
bitrary State power on the one hand, or to excite
a sanguinary and fruitless revolution on the other.
Sir, no man in Maryland has under circumstances
of greater political or personal responsibility than
myself maintained the cause of the Union. No
man in America would now make a more devoted
sacrifice to restore it to its pristine harmony, if
that were practicable. But alas, sir, it is not.
With all the love tluit I have been accustomed
to regard our Union for its past blessings to our-
selves, and for the hopes that it has inspired to re-
generate mankind, I must yet declare that our Con-
stitution has been the only source of these bless-
ings and these hopes. If it be lost, let the Union,
then an empty sound, die away and be forgotten.
Take from me, sir, the Constitution, and I will
try by revolution and the help of God to save at
least the eternal principles of civil liberty that
His providence has bestowed.
Mr. VAN HORN obtained the floor.
Mr. MAY. I ask leave to print the remaining
portion of my speech.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to the gentleman
being allowed to print in the Globe any remaiks
not made 011 the floor. I do so, not because I
wish to be captious, but simply because 1 con-
ceive he committed a breach of privilege a few
days ago, when allowed to print the conclusion of
a speech he did not have time to finish, by insert-
ing in his remarks the declaration, in effect, that
this rebellion stands justified before God and mall
—words that I wouhi nothearuttered in this pres-
ence without calling him to order.
Mr. LEAKY. 1 ask the gentleman from New
York to yield to mc for fifteen minutes.
Mr. VAN HORN. I yield to the gentleman
from Maryland.
Mr. LEARY. Mr. Speaker, there is no mem-
ber, I am sure, who feels more rejoiced than I do
at the relief which my honorable colleague [Mr.
May] must fuel on being delivered of the speech
with which he has just favored us. I congratu-
late him most cordially on the effort he has made
here to-night. Those of the people of Baltimore
who have up to the present moment felt any doubt
as to the position occupied by my colleague, so
far as the Government is concerned, are now, or
will be when they read the speech of my colleague
here to-night, perfectly satisfied of that position.
There was a time, sir, when I myself entertained
110 doubt of my colleague's position on the great
questions that agitate the public mind. I well re-
member on the night of the day when my col-
league was elected, and when I myself was elected
by the free suffrages of the people of Baltimore,
that such was my firm conviction of his loyalty
and of his determination to sustain the constituted
authoi ities of the Government, even though it
might be compelled to resort to physical coercion,
that I stated 111 the city of Baltimore, in my own
neighboi hood, in the presence of a vast crowd that
had assembled on that occasion, that tiiey need
not entertain any apprehension in regard to his
position; that he was a loyal man, a patriot, a
friend of the Union, and determined to uphold the
Government. 1 felt confident that such was the
fact. There was a time after that when I enter-
tained serious doubt as to his position. That
doubt has been confirmed by the votes invariably
given by my colleague in this House, ail going to
show that lie was cb-cidedly opposed to sustaining
the Government in the prosecution of the war and
111 its efforts to suppress the mo^'t infamous rebel-
lion that history has over yet recorded. [Ap-
plause on the floor and m the galleries.]
Mr. MAY. Will my colleague allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. LEAHY. I refrained from interrupting
my colleague when he was on the floor, although
I was laboring under feelings of indignation which
words cannot now express, and I now decline to
yield to hint. My colleague can take his chance
of the floor after 1 have finished. He must ex-
cuse me now, as I am under a pledge to the gen-
tleman from New York to take but fifteen minutes
of his time. I wets saying, Mr. Speaker, that I
myself have been 111 no doubt as to my colleague's
position.- His votes upon this floor have shown
a persistent determination upon his part to throw
difficulties in the way of the constituted authori-
ties of this Government in sustaining the national
supremacy and putting down this rebellion. His
position is now specifically defined, and his con-
stituents, as well as myself, will rejoice that it is
so, although late in the session.
Mr. Speaker, I may have had some little doubt
as to the policy of the measure'now before the
House. I have none now. 1 shall vote for this
bill. I shall vote to indemnify the President and
to support the Government now, as I have always
done since I have had a scat upon this floor.
1 venture to say that, during the whole history
of the American Congress, there has never been
such a deplorable spectacle presented to the na-
tion as has been presented here to-night. We
have seen a Representative of the people of a sov-
ereign State standing up here before the assem-
bled Representatives of the nation, and degrading
and humiliating in the face of the country the
people of that State. The people of Baltimore
and of Maryland have been represented as a sub-
jugated people, and as having no longer free suf-
frage. I indignantly deny it. I repel the foul as-
persion. I say there never was a time in all the
history of Maryland when free suffrage was as
free, when the press was as free, and when there
was so enlarged and umveral a liberty in the State
and in the city of Baltimore as exists at this very
hour. [Applause.] There have been, since my
colleague and myself were elected, three or four
elections held in the State of Maryland, and I aver
that those elections resulted in a full and free ex-
pression of popular sentiment.
The gubernatorial election in the State of Ma-
ryland was a full, fair,and free election. My col-
league has certainly missed the object at which he
seems to have aimed, if, by the course of the re-
marks in which he has indulged here to-night in
regard to the present Governor of the State of Ma-
ryland, he supposed he could for a moment de-
prive him of the high reputation which he has
earned since he has occupied the gubernatorial
chair of Maryland.
In the city of Baltimore there have been several
elections held, and although there has been but a
small vote polled at these elections, no man will
date to say, if he has any regard to truth and his
own reputation for veracity, that it was not within
the ability of evnry voter of the city of Baltimore
and the State of Maryland to go to the polls freely
and deposit his vote without interference. Those
popular elections have been as free, full, and fair
as have ever been held in the city of Baltimore or
the State of Maryland.
Why, sir, what was the condition of things
there on Wednesday succeeding the J9tb day of
April, 18G1, on which those sad events took place
in the city of Baltimore which, 1 am sorry to say,
have passed into the history of that portion of the
State' An election was held in that city for dele-
gates to represent it in the Legislature of Mary-
land. At that period the full vote of the city,
when fairly given at an importantelection, ranged
from thirty-one to thirty-two thousand. This
election was called by the mayor of the city and
the police authorities to supply the scats of the
delegation from the city of Baltimore in the State
Legislature, which were then vacant; and I have
no doubt my colleague will characterize it as it
full and fair election, although every street in the
city was gleaming with bayonets, and although
it was called by those city officials who had taken
upon themselves the solemn responsibility of
meeting 111 battle array the forces of the United
States, yet the full vote which was cast on that
occasion reached in the aggregate the amount of
nine thousand votes out of an average suffrage in
quiet times of thirty-one or thirty-two thousand.
No fault was then founc^ by my colleague or his
coadjutors, nor did they complain that that vote
was not sufficiently full. The Union sentiment
