136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
felt it as the greatest blow against the Union, and
the other saw it was an engine of inexorable logic
in their hands.
For myself, I have no difficulty in concluding
that the Government of the whole Union, with
all its power, and all its guarantees, is worth more
to me and to rny posterity, and to the whole coun-
try, than the institution of African slavery. There-
fore, if I had to sacrifice one to save the other, I
would crucify slavery and save the Government.
In other words, if by the force of any thing charge-
able to slavery I had to choose between them as
between two things of different value—if I had to
take the Government without slavery, or slavery
without theGovernment—I would say ofslavery,
as some gentleman long ago said of the Union on
this floor, "let it slide."
But at this point we differ witli the radicals. I
deny that in any possible contingency can the de-
struction, by the Government,of the institution in
the Slates become cither a ncccssary, a wise, or a
conducive measure in preserving theGovernment.
I go further: I affirm thatany such destruction is,
pro tanto,a destruction of the Government, or such
a revolution in its principles as that it does not re-
main the same; because the Constitution not only
rccognizes property in slaves, but provides for the
security of the master's interest in the labor of his
slave, and. makes it the duty of the President to
take care that the laws be executed. I deny the
necessity and the fitness of the measure, because
I deny the incompatibility between the two sys-
tems of labor. I deny that the slave system was
the cause of the rebellion,and affirm that if it were,
its destruction would not be a legitimate mode of
warfare, as recognized by the laws of nations; and
denying that such destruction can in anyeventbe
apolitical or a military necessity, or a constitu-
tional measure, I can in no eventbein favor of such
a scheme as the President's proclamation em-
braces. In this statementofmy own views,! have
purposely used the word Government instead of
the word Union. It means more: it is the Gov-
ernment, the Constitution, that makes the Union.
There can be no good Government with secession
recognized and accepted as a principle of political
science. And theiecan be no Union but the unity
of despotism, or a Union for bloody vengeance,
under the pri ciples of the proclamation. Nor
would I ever surrender to the rebellion, based as it
is upon secession. If I am told that such an effort,
so great a war as wilt be required to reinstate and
enfoicu the Constitution and laws over all the
States and Territories of the Union, would exhaust
the national vitality and the resources of both par-
ties, I reply that neither party will allow it to come
to that. The exhaustion of war restores ihc rea-
son and cools the passions of belligerents, and gen-
erally results in an accommodation that has more
of the name than the essence of a compromise—
some platitude that is soothing to the feelings. But
if it must be otherwise, then iet it be. Nations in
their dangers and duties are very much like men.
A nation had better die by fighting than die by
rotting; and a man had better risk breaking his
ncck in the attempt lo extinguish the flames that
consume his dwelling, than to he supinely down
and be consumed in the conflagration.
To return to the subjectof emancipation aspro-
posed by the President. No clear solution of it
lias been offered. Emancipate four million rude,
uncultivated people, who, while slaves, labor suc-
cessfully only under the direction of masters who
understand them, and labor scarcely at all as free-
men, and then only under the compulsion of want,
and what will you do with them? What have
you done for them? What have you done for
their white neighbors? We are told they shall be
colonized. Where willyouputthcm, alargerpop-
ulation than the thirteen colonies contained at the .
Revolution ? You have no vacant tei ntory for them
that they could subsist in, none at least winch the
white race from any section would allow them to
possess for two generations. What other nation '
is going to surrender its terntory for such a use, 1
or allow its own population to be submeiged by
an inundation from such a black sea? You talk ■
about Central America and South America as if 1
they were already yours, and you were govern-
ing them as Territories or colonies. What diplo-
matist have we who could successfully conduct a
negotiation with any foreign Power for terntory, '
and answer the retort that we were seeking to
thrustupon them a population we would not keep i
among ourselves? What will the expense be?
Count the cost of purchasing them a country, the
cost of compensating loyal owners, the cost of
transportation,and of support on the voyage and
for several months after they have landed on
the shore to which you haveexiled them,(which
is a necessity in the scheme,) and put it all at
only §250 per head, and you have the sum of
§1,000,000,OOOfor that. Add to this the cost of the
war, which will not fallshortof $2,000,000,000 if
just claims are all settled and stolen sums all
counted, and we have the enormous sum of
§3,000,000,000, or about one hundred dollars to
every white man, woman, and child in the coun-
try. The farmer of small means, who, with him-
self, wife, and children, counts ten in family,
would shoulder and pay §1,000 of it, or pay §60
per year all kis life for the interest on it. And all
for what? To pay for the Sunday rhetoric of a
horde of canting, white-cravatted divines, who
know nothing of slavery and less of religion; who
thought they were called to preach Christ and him
crucified, but have shown it was only to scream
the negro and him emancipated. Would not that
$60 be better spent on that manly little boy whose
first impressionsare that life is a prolonged strug-
gle with adversity and taxes, and that Government
is but a machine for extortion; thus preparing in
the child a man for treason, strategy, and spoils?
Would it not be grateful to that thoughtful or
melancholy mother to spend that ^60 a year, or
a fourth part of it, in educating her sun-browned
little girl, who is every week robbed of fourteen
hours of balmy sleep or joyous play in order to
prepare the flax, the wool, or the cotton for the
family clothing?
The schemes of the proclamation and the mes-
sage are alike impracticable; and if they were prac-
ticable, the people of this country, either North or
South, are not going to tax themselves to pay the
interest on such an enormous debt, contracted in
the perpetration of so enormous a folly. Aye, sir,
for moie than folly—for the extermination, grad-
ual though it be, of a whole race of people. For
I again ask, what will you do with them ? Will
you send them North, or even allow them to go
there ? If you do, they will be incontinently driven
out by your outraged constituents. I call as wit-
nesses the jaws and constitutions of many north-
ern States on that subject,as well as the acknowl-
edged aversion to dwelling with them, socially or
politically, on terms of equality. Should they be
allowed to go and remain there, they would soon
become a marked.and an outcast people. They
cannot become the owners of your soil or the
schoolmates of your children until your tastes
are changed, although some fools would have them
to become members of your families, and to per-
petuate at once your politics and your blood.
They would not be admitted as witnesses to prove
acts of oppression against them by those bad white
men who always seek to speculate or presume on
the misfortunes of others. They would become
your hewers of wood and drawers of water; they
would be your slaves practically though not in j
name—a slavery with most of its hardships and i
none of its kindlier featuies, for it would not be j
your interest, as it is with us, and you would not ■
be bound by law, as we are, to visit them when !
they are sick, feed them when they are hungry, and j
clothe them when they are naked. They would I
i either become vagabond strollers from house to !
house,as hungcrand cold pinched them, or by the 1
lepulsion of social tastes, and the jealousy, if not !
the interests, of your intelligent free white labor- j
i era, become crowded into squalid settlements of 1
theirown,and,in eitherevent, would become rap- !
| idly extinct. You will thus have become the ex- j
1 terminators of a lace you would have freed and I
i made equal to their masters. If they cannot be I
' transported, and if you will not receive them into ;
■ your own arms, what else will bedone with them? j
Shall they be left in the country where they were j
emancipated, with their untamed passions, made ;
fiercer by sudden liberty, brought in contact with \
the prejudices, the outraged feelings, the violated i
rights, and the natural and educated feeling of su- '
periority of their late masters? Would the true ]
friends of either race desire this?
In that condition one of two things would over- |
take them: either they will silently and gradually !
resume their places under their masters, when the j
labor of your love will have been lost; or else, '
what is far more probable, it will result in a war 1
of races between the two populations. In this
event do not flatter yourselves that the hatred and
the thirst for vengeance which some of you feel
would be gratified in the success of the negro.
In any armed contest between him and the white
man, the negro will go under and out of sight;
and then—what would the two factions have to
agitate? Having agitated the country asunder,
and agitated the negro out of existence, and pro-
claimed away the liberties of the people of both
sections, (for Mr. Davis issues proclamations as
well as aur own President,) it is to be hoped they
would rest for a season.
But suppose a different result. Suppose the
black insurrection,aided by the Army and Navy
of the United States, should prove a success. You
know very well that the late master and the newly
made free negro will not live together. Between
violence and emigration the white man would dis-
appear from a large skirt of country on the Gulf,
and wo would have a neighboring black republic,
or a number of colonies very difficult to govern.
And then what? Do you not know, does not all
history teach, that as he remains indolent or be-
comes predatory in his habits, and as your chil-
dren become crowded for room, the descendants
of the conquerors of Philip would find no diffi-
culty in concluding that the black man had no
more right to the savannahs of the South than the
red man had to the hills and valleys of New Eng-
land ? If you do not know this, you have not an-
alyzed the blood oi studied the history of our race.
Why is it that the northern man going South
makes the most rigid taskmaster? Not because
he is a meaner man, but because he does not un-
derstand the negro, and therefore does not sym-
pathize with him as the southern man does. Then
view this gigantic scheme of the President as we
will, and its results are only evil to the white man,
and destruction to the black man.
There is this difference between me and the ad-
vocates of violent emancipation: they hate slave-
holders more than they do the evil one, and love
their philosophy more than they do the provi-
dences of God. I hate robbery, murder, arson,
rape, and infanticide more than I would hate sla-
very were I myself the slave; and I love the prov-
idences of God more than I love that system of
servitude He has permitted in that country where
he has cast my lot. I have more confidence in
His wisdom, His day, and His mode, than I have
in abolition platitudes. The control of individu-
als is with Government. But I believe the loca-
tion and disposition, the destiny, the increase or
demise of whole races, are things above the reach
of finite wisdom, and only in that of the Infinite
One. I therefore refer this thing to His hands,
seeing and feeling it is too large for my mind.
Mr. Chairman, how is this proclamation to bo
enforced without the assistance of the negro, and
what kind of assistance will he render? The scene
would attract the pencil of genius, did it not freeze
and repel the affections of humanity. In the fore-
ground stands the President of the United States,
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
sword in hand, bearing full high on its flaming
point the proclamation of freedom to a whole race,
who can only read it as an invitation to insurrec-
tion and servile war. The body of the canvas is
filled with an innumerable host of these beings,
intoxicated with blood and bloody instructions,
flourishing the torch, the ax, the knife, with ruin
leaping from their eyes, and lust hanging upon
their hps. In the midst, in painful relief, are seen
theflamesofa burmnghome, illumimngand mak-
ing more ghastly a scene which the shades of night
had vainly offered to screen from the view of man
and of God. In the garden lies hidden a murder-
stricken child clinging to an outraged mother, and
pleading for that protection which absent father
and brother alunc could give. Others are dimly
.seen fleeing and crouching in the swamps and the
brakes which kindly offer them a place to starve,
to sicken, and to die. It is to those who, in the lan-
guage of a great judge, " from their tender years
or other disability cannot be loyal or otherwise,"
that this proclamation says:
" But if you frown upon thi< proffered peace,
You tnnpt the fury of my tlnee attendants,
Lean famine, quartering steel, and climbing fire."
In the background arc seen a vast army of men
clad in the habiliments and the armor of United
States soldiers, with the blushing banner of their
former renown drooping above them, a vast and
