1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
the rebellion, and should cease hostilities, and by
some means secure pcace.
While they assume to be the leaders of the
Democratic party, and to a great extent are, hold-
ing as they do the control of its machinery, and
acting as its mouthpiece and representatives, I
acknowledge that there are those here who act
with them in party relation who do not indorse
all their views or sanction their policy in many
respects. Throughout the loyal States very many
in that organization have 110 sympathy with their
disorganizing and wicked purposes, and will not,
•when they fully discover and undei stand then-
objects, be controlled by their dictation. To all
such, here and elsewhere, who have stood by the
Government, and are ready yet to sacrifice for its
support and maintenance, my remarks will not
apply, and are not intended to apply. I want the
country, however, to understand the objects and
policy of these leaders in the factious opposition
they make to the measure now before us, and
other measures, as well as the denunciations of
the President and his acts, so that the people may
clearly see the ruin to which they are invited, if
they yield to their opinions and punciples. There
can be but two classes of persons among us. Sen-
ator Douglas said, in substance, that every man
that is loyal will stand by his Government and
the Administration in power in a time like this;
that there is no middle ground in this great con-
troversy. This is the sentiment of every true
lover of his country, and lie who cannot come up
to this high stand-point and lay aside ins preju-
dices, ought not to claim the name and character
of an American citizen.
1 should prove recreant to the trusts committed
to my hands if I failed to call the attention of the
country to the state of things sought to be brought
about by these Democratic leaders, and warn the
people against being brought under then dictation
and control. The greatest obstacle to our speedy
and complete success is the attitude they now as-
sume, and their persistent opposition toevei y thing
proposed and used to accomplish our object. It
becomes every candid man and patriot to pause
and reflect before giving any countenance to their
policy. What gieat wiong has been done by the
Government? Is there any lack of generosity on
its part towards its political opponents? Does it
fail to be controlled by high, patriotic purposesand
objects? Where the necessity of the traitorous
onslaught upon it that is now being made by these
leaders of the Opposition, whose hearts and efforts
have never been fuliy interested in the work of
saving it from the ruin into which their party thrust
it? No reason exists, and no other purpose con-
trols them but to secure a peace at some rate or !
other, so that those in arms against us shall be ad- \
nutted to equal privileges and 1 iglUs as before, i
with all their power restored, their treason unre- 1
buked, and their rebellion dignified into a justifia- '
ble and successful revolution. Such a peace would
be disaster; to treat with them would be to yield j
to their treason, and cover us and the Ameucan j
name with imperishable disgrace. jSo benefits |
would be reaped for the sacrifices we have already '
made; no commensurate advantages to posterity J
and civil government would follow such a surren- i
derof ourcause, but we should only pass over to
a future day not far distant, and to those who come
immediately after us, the woik we have under-
taken, and basely suriendereJ to an enemy inferior ,
to ourselves, and led on by the foul spiniof tieason 1
and rebellion. j
The present is an eventful period. The enemy 1
were never so weak as at this moment in the
elements that go to make up their whole cause, !
and we were never as strong in the field and on '
the water as at this moment, and never had rea-
son to expect such signal results as must soon '
follow the efforts now being made. For a party
to spring up at this trying moment, when the en- 1
ergies of the rebellion are evidently giving way,
and the light is breaking in upon our prospect, to
thwart the efforts of the Government, to weaken ;
its power, and add new zeal and impetus to the I
sinking energies of the lebelhon, is notonly adis-
grace, deep nnd lasting, but making our trials ten- 1
fold more severe, and prolongingand intensifying :
the struggle. Let the people read in the fate that
has always fallen upon those who countenance .
such a spirit and course the desolation and ruin \
that will certainly follow, and spread around their j,
own hearthstones, unless they crush out the foul
j spirit of insubordination and treason that is mak-
; ing exhibitions of its purpose in vatious poitions
! of the loyal States. There can be no pcace until
. the rebellion is subdued, and u failure to unite in
: crushing it out will but'prolong the struggle, and
greatly multiply our evils and" distresses. Sup-
1 port of the Administration is the only safety for
; us, for it is in power, and must be the instrument
1 used by which the sovereign people of the land
| must vindicate their authority, if done at all; and
: no true patriot will withhold his undivided sup-
j port because his party is not in power.
j 1 ask the attention of the House and the coun-
: try to the efforts and means used by these leaders
! who are active in their opposition here and else-
! where to the Government and the war. Where,
in all the speeches that have been made in this
and the other end of this Capitol, during this Con-
gress by these gentlemen,can you find any denun-
ciation of the rebels in arms against this Govern-
ment, striking down by fire and swoid the fairest
! fabric ever reared by the wisdom of man under
i the blessing of Heaven? Wheie, before kbe peo-
pie, in the last political canvass throughout the
, No 1 th, was there a speech delivered by these lead-
i ers of the pai ty now openly opposing the Govern -
; ment in its policy to crush tins wicked rebellion,
I but that the burden of ii was abolition, usurpation
' of power, violation of the Constitution and laws,
and a base disregard of the sacred rights of the
I people? The policy has been, and is now, to m-
] flame the passions of the multitude, to kindle, if
' possible, their wiath against the Administration
j in power, and thus, by divisions among the pco-
I pie, weaken the power of the Government in its
struggle with the rebellion. Had the same energy
: been used to unite the people, and apologies for
i errors and mistakes made in the prosecution of
I this war, to urge the people to stand by those in
; power as the only legitimate and constitutional
j channel through which we aie to secure success;
< to, as one man, lay aside all their prejudices and
' party feelings, and give an earnest and honest
| support to every measure and every policy caleu-
1 lated to crush the rebellion believed to be neces-
1 saiy and wise by those best calculated to know,
i and who are inspired by the best and highest pin -
! poses, the result would have been far diffuent now,
and rebeldom would not to-day feel the courage
and strength that lift up and inspire its enetgies.
liow carefully these menare handled, how cau-
tiously their acts of violence towards ourGovern-
j ment are spoken of, and how sparing is the men-
j tion even of theii treason and crimes! They lash
1 themselves into a fury when they dwell upon the
1 measures of the Government to weaken and de-
• stroy its enemies, and grow fmious over the pa-
1 tnotic and sublime sentiments of devotion to our
! country made by true men, loyal men, much higher
| and purer in their patriotism than themselves.
I The gentleman from Oh to [ Mr. Vallandigiiam]
! rejoices over the fact that he has not given any
j support to this war; thai he has not voted a dollar
| or a man to crush out the icbeliion and aid the
i Government in its struggle for national life, in this
: thedarkest hour ofits soirow and trial. He draws
a gloomy pictureofour piospects, and tells us that
we cannot succeed, and ought not to, in our efforts
to crush and destroy those m arms against us, and
the means they are using to destroy our Govern-
ment. He boasts in his place of the success of the
rebellion; that it still lives with all us power un-
checked and fury unabated; that our efforts to crush
it have proved unavailing, and declaies that the j
Government shall not have one word of comfort j
from hmi, or a single effort of his to wage tins war
for the pui po^es which he believes lie at t he bottom ;
of the struggle. Fie is warmly congratulated by his ]
associates lor his bold and manly utterances in de- j
fense of then- party and its policy, and a portion
of the leading Democratic presses throughout the ■
country, in the interests of this opposition to the 1
Government and its policy, applaud his sentiments j
as eminently sound and patriotic. Who heard one
word of denunciation of treason in all his labored [
and able speech ? Where the warm,gushing sym- I
pathy for his Government and the constituted au- i
thorities whose duty it now is to administer and
execute Us high functions? Where is there a sin-
gle rebuke for the rebellious spirit that is abroad
in our land, and one word of counsel to ail to rally, '
forbear, and stand firm in their allcgiance to and ;
su pport of the Govern men tundei all circumstances '
and at all times ? Tie sees nothing to approve, but ■
much to condemn. He pries into every act and
purpose of those in power with scrutinizing curi-
osity to see if he cannot discover something wrong,
some error in action or judgment, which ho can
magnify into a mountain by his powerful logic
and wonderful circumlocution in debate. He can
see a clear and distinct difference between support
of his Government and those in place to execute
its functions, clothed with all constitutional power
for the work, and can claim the strictest loyalty
to such Government, while he assails with cruel
words and the bitterest opposition those who are
charged with the great duly of saving the national
life in the hour of its deepest peril.
Sir, if the gentleman and his friends can find
comfort and consolation in such a course, they are
welcome to pursue it; but I choose to carry no
part of such a load upon my soul, or exhibit upon
my forehead the brand of shame that impartial
history will inevitably stamp upon such a course.
The noble Demociatic Senator from Indiana,
[Mi. Wright,] in Ins place the other day, uttered
a true sentiment, and it rings of the true metal and
bears the nmiksoftho highest patriotism and the
purest nationality, lie said:
" I sav, that when war is declared by a Government, by
the propet constituted authorities, it is"the duty of a loyal
man 10 sustain the Government m that war, in furnishing'
the meant- to suppmtthe Army; and J cannot, according to
inv Deiuociaiic theoiy, diaw any distinction between loy-
alty to a Government and loyalty to its constituted author-
itn •- 111 a tune like tin*. I may object, as I do, to many acta
ol the nunhtiy; they may do many things which 1 think
aie \\ion ; hut the question hetoie the country is a ques-
tion a--, to Ui<' existence of the Government itse'lf It is not
nu oiduiary quistion, such a> we liavo in times of peace, of
bank or of tanff. It is not a question that may lie decided
one wa\ 01 the other, and still leave a great and good
Government; Imi it i> a quof-tion involving in its decision
and settlement (lie pu>ei vation or ruin oi'iejmbhcan insti-
tutions. Yom legal authorities have deelated the war,and
it l-s neeesNiiiy to Nippon the Aimy; and I think it is my
duty n-> .1 lov.il m m 10 -11-trun the measures of the Govern-
ment in suppoitnig its Annv." •*-<***
"My idea of loyally b to suppott the Government; to
snppnit the Administration m all ineasuics necessary to
cany on the wai. The duty of the loyal Deiuoetacy of this
country now is to give money, to give means, to give to this
Government all the aid it can. Such has been Democratic
conduct in the p;i-t
Hut, sir, where would have been the Govern-
ment to-day if it had had no moie aid, comfort,
and support than the gentleman and his friends
who act with him have given it? Tieason would
have hold these Halls unrebuked, and the power
and authority of the nation over its Capitol would
have been destroyed. Rebellion would now be in
possession of this magnificent structure, the pride
and glory of American skill and art, or not one
stone would be left upon another to mark the place
whoic us former grandeur and glory dwelt.
Hul lot us take another case. The gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. IIardin'g,] who recently
addressed the House, complains bitterly of the
Piesident and the ft lends of the Administration
on account of the purpose and policy proclaimed
and pursued to crush out this rebellion and save
the nation. Until lecently the Piesident has been
the idol of Kentucky. While trying to save tho
Union with slavery, he was in the true way and
with great fidelity supporting the Constitution, be-
cause he was not only not interfering with slavery
but absolutely protecting it. But when the ne-
cessity comes, in the opinion of the President,
and under the same solemn obligations resting
upon him as before, to use other necessary means
to crush the enemies of the Republic and save it
fiom nun with the least cost of blood and treas-
ure, and he proposes to use such menus, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky denounces him as viola-
ting the Constitution, acting the part of a tyrant,
and declaring that he ought to be hurled from
power.
Rather than have slavery touched or destroyed
they prefer to see our people divided, the hands
of the Government weakened, its power crippled,
and the strife prolonged or never concluded. It
matters not that all loyal men are to be cared for
and compensated for losses incurred in the exe-
cution of the President's policy, the clearest evi-
dence of which has been given already by the
action of this House; it matters not that this pol-
icy is to affect only those in rebellion, and whose
hands are dapping with loyal and kindred blood;
it matters not that this policy strikes at the most
vulnerable points of the enemy, and tends to use
up the source of his supply, and cuts off the
spiings of his power; but as it is, at least, an in-
direct blow at the institution, and may affect its
