1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
noble navy riding at anchor hard by, and all with
orders not to resist but to aid in this horrid trag-
edy. The picture grows too dark—nay, too red,
red with the flames of incendiarism and the blood
of assassination—to be looked upon with an y other
emotion than that of deep and profound and un-
utterable horror.
Sir, it had as well be known now, it had as well
be stated plainly, and it were well for all concerned
if the powers that be would believe it, that the
country does not intend to submit to these things.
I do not mean only that the loyal men of loyal
slave States are objecting—I mean what I said,
the people*, and the late elections justify me m
the breadth of the language. Neither am I fling-
ing off a cheap edition of that stefcotyped, ill-
natured,and imprudent, not to say low-bted threat
of secession, that has so often been Hung into the
faces of gentlemen on this floor. Whatever else
we may do or bo driven to by your folly, we do
not intend to secede. Some of you try to goad us
into secession. We will not please you so much.
We will have no such government as the southern
confederacy, based as it is upon the principle of li-
censed disobedience of law and the voluntary dis-
integration of empire. No, sir; we can do better.
This Government is our Government as well as
yours, and we mean to have and to demand all our
rights undet it. In making this demand we will
appeal to the great conservative pai ty of the North,
and they will come to the rescue. The victory
promises to be a bloodless one; but any way the
decree has gone forth that the Constitution must
and shtjll be saved from all its enemies, among
whom 1 class many of the friends of the procla-
mation,who are friendly to their country, but with
more zeal than knowledge. We desire, ay, sir,
we are determined that the rebellion shall be sup-
pressed, but we are equally detei mined that our
own libei ties shall not be suppressed with it.
Mr. Chairman, my yet young heju't longs for
the glorious Republic of my boyhood's affections,
that glorious "no North, no South, no East, no
West'5 of but a few years ago; those better days
of better construction, of better feeling, and of
loftier eloquence. What is now the hope of this
country? Assailed oil one side by higher-law-
ism and war-power-ism; assailed on the other by
secession, perjury, treason of the foulest dye; the
Constitution defied and contemm d by a powoi-
ful insurrection, and thesanv* Constitution being
cast aside or avowedly disregarded by a dominant
party, as being insufficient for the woik of its own
preservation; what, I ask, is our hope-5 On one
side is the spirit of dissolution, a political sti utna
that would soon slough away the vitals as well
as the territory of any republic in winch it is
adopted as a legal right, or received as a truthful
principle in politics. There is no hope in that
direction. On the other, we have acts, assump-
tions, measures, that lack only the name to make
the Government an unlimited despotism. There
is no hope in that direction. Then where is the
hope of the country? Sir, it is in that great mid-
dle conservative party that will resist, and is here
to-day to lesist both extremes, both heresies, both
rebellions against the Constitution. And I thank
the fates that rule us that this element is stronger
in the country, and will be stionger in the next
Congress than it is to-day, in tin* Mail.
Xf I am told this is too much to be undertaken
in the present conjuncture, and that the elements
of rebellion and higher law being practically in
cooperation, though seemingly opposed, make a
power for aggression too great to be resisted by
the conservative element, I have only to respond,
be it so. If sogieat madness has overtaken the
country, let us find it out. It is said to precede
destruction. Let us make an honest and a brave
effort to save the country; and if, making it, we
go down, the Constitution—maik my woids—the
Constitution and the liberties of the countiy go
down with us. The gieat problem will have been
solved; the great experiment will have proved a
failure; and the people, who will have failed to gov-
ern themselves, will then deserve to be governed by
a master. In this great upheaval, this comming-
ling of tempest and earthquake, we have selected
our chart. It is simple and truthful. The polar
star that guides us on our way is the Union of all
the States, and the solar sun that lights us on
that way is the Constitution that makes that
Union—the great center around which they clus-
ter and upon which they hang. If on this strong
and simple platform, including the provision for
amendments, we cannot ride the storm, then the
fates are against us; and when we go down we
will have one only consolation—if such it may be
called—that, though secessionists and traitors, fa-
natics and higher-law men have triumphed over
the Constitution, they will also have reaped the
reward of their own folly, for they, in turn, will
be speedily and bitterly crushed under the ruins
of that great temple whose pillars they undermined
and pulled down. I have another hope. It is in
a return to reason, good promises, and the Con-
stitution. Any man may cling to an error; a brave
man becomes braver, a generous man more gen-
eious, in renouncing it.
These people, both Noith and South, though
more at the South than the Noith,aro threatened
with adanger which many of them do not suspect.
They may yet fulfill agivat historical lule. 1 be-
hove it was Washington who said there was a
natural progression from liberty abused lo licen-
tiousness into anarchy, and fiom anarchy into
despotism. There are volumes of history and po-
litical philosophy compressed into that observa-
tion. There is a limit to the endurance of human
nature. When a people have become wearied,
war worn, disgusted.; when their substance iscon-
sumed,and the weeds and the bramble have con-
quered the garden, the field, and the orchard; when
the voice of little ones is heard crying for biead,
and mothers that weep, refusing to be comforted,
because their children are not; when the iron of
war lias pierced the souls of the strong men, and
their stout spirits are broken, there is always a
murmur heard abroad in the land which a grasp-
ing genius js quick to detect and improve. It is,
" give us any government lather than none; give
us peace on any terms; give us the protection of
a master rather than the fury of a mob." A Pro-
tector otfers himself with an arm}'- of roekless, hun-
gry soldiers at Ins back. How winning the name !
Hut it has always lacked only another name to
make him a monarch oi a despot, and the people
hn\e scarcely surrendered before the name, the
ciown, the power, are all assumed.
Mr. Chairman, the presence here of my venei-
able colleague, who sits befoie me, ought to ad-
monish us. Hero he lingers, the cotemporary and
the compeer of the great Commoner, who would
'* rather be light than be President;" the gteat
Expounder, from whose teachings 1 learned to con-
demn this rebellion on principle; the Iron Will of
the Hermitn^e; the Old Man Eloquent; and that
historical Senator who for thirty years illustrated
the debates m the other end of the Capitol with
facts, llere he stands, one of the few yet unbi oken
links between the calamities of the present and the
gloiies of the past, with one m m i ntwined around
his bleeding storm-tossed country, and the other
aiound the mausoleum of the great dead,ns if
he would anchor the one to the memories of the
other. Will I excite a sneer from the disciples
of higher law by invoking for my country the
blessings of those memories, and pleading with
them to hearken to the lessons of law and order,
of patriotism and eloquence, that come to us fiom
the tombs of those who, dead, yet sp'\ik ?
Mr. Chairman, j have not protested against
tins pi ot lam ition from any svmpathy I have for
ai uiol men m rebellion against their Government.
For them, and with their cause, I have no sym-
pathy. I have often doubted whether 1 would
trust myself to do them simple justice. Without
forgetting1 that it does not in tcims apply to my
own Suite, 1 do yet, with all the earnestness of an
earnest nature, piotest against it, for myself and
my children, for my State and for the whole coun-
try. I protest against u for the women and mi-
nors, the aged and the infirm, and for the Lmjal
people of the rebel States. Guided by the exam-
ple of divine clemency that spared a wicked city,
there is yet enough righteousm-ss left m the rebel
States ro save them from the destroying angel who
is to execute this proclamation. 1 piotest against
it as a violation of the Constitution and the liber-
ties of my country. I protest against it as a vio-
lation of the laws of humanity, the laws of nations,
and the usages of civilized watfaie. 1 protest
against it as unwise, uncalled for, tending to widen
the breach lather than to hasten the conclusion
of this war. I protest against it as bens": in the
highest degree offensive to those ^reat European
anti-slavery Powers with whom it is as much our
duty as our interest to be on good terms, when
those terms are consistent with our own honor.
I protest against it as being, not on the part of the
President, but of those who have urged him to
it, malicious, revengeful, and blood-thirsty, and
therefore not suited to the tastes and purposes of
heroic enemies and generous soldiers. I protest
against it as being as much a sm against the reli-
i gion of Christ as it is an offense to the moral sen-
timent of mankind. And above all, I protest
against it as being the cause to which the friends
and leaders of the rebellion may and will attribute
their ultimate success, if ever a calamity so un-
measured overtakes the fortunes of the Republic.
Mr. CRAVENS next addressed the committee
for an hour, upon the subject of the relation of the
Democratic party to the war. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr.CRlSFIELD obtained the floor,but yield-
ed to
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Sheffield
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Mallouy reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
i to order, had the Union generally under consid-
! oration, and particularly the joint resolution (H.
i R. No. 30) to test Sandeison's breech^loading
cannon, and had come to no resolution thereon.
RECORD OF A VOTE.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous
consent, having been absent to-day when the vote
was taken on the passage of the Army bill, ob-
tained leave to record his vote in the affirmative.
And then, on motion of Mr. MORRILL, of
Vermont, (at half past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 19, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The .1 ournal of yesterday was read and approved*
LAWS Of DAKOTA TERRITORY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Secretary of the
Tenitoiy of Dakota, transmitting two copies of
| the laws of Dakota Ter itory; one of which was
: oidered to be placed jn the Library of Congress,
; and the other referred to the Committee on Ter-
! utones.
1 BILLS BECOME LAWS.
I A message from the President of the United
| States by Mr.NicoLAY,his Secretary,announced
| that the President had approved and signed, on
• the 15th instant, an act (S. No. 406) for the relief
' of the owners of the French brig Jules et Marie,
I and on the 18th instant, a joint resolution (S. No.
: 108) for increasing the bond of the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing.
VKTITIOMS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWE picscnted additional papers in the
i c;ise of Phebe Ann Fisk, widow of Almond D.
! Fisk, deceased, in relation to the extension of let-
' tors patent granted to her husband in 1848; which
i were referred to the Committee on Patents and the
1 Patent Office.
! Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Cyrus
: Clapp, of Iowa, praying for the passage of an act
leleasing him and his securities from all liability
i to the Government of the United States or the Post
: Office Depaitment, in consequence of his failing
to comply with certain mail contracts on routes
numbered 10935 and 30936, in the State of Iowa;
1 which was referred to the Committee on the Post
, Office and Post Roods.
I Mr. WILKINSON. I present the petition of
I Elizabeth M. Baxter, widow of Robert Baxter,
deceased, praying for the passage of an act which
shall place her upon the pension roll. This case,
Mr. President, is a very peculiar one. The Gov-
ernor of Minnesota aftei the new call for troops,
I issued commissions for second lieutenants, and
1 sent them out to raise recruits. This man Bax-
1 tcr received the commission of the Governor as
; second lieutenant, and started out and recruited
; about forty troops, when the Indian war broke
I out, and he went to it by order of the Governor,
: and was killed. I move that the petition be re-
! ferred to the Committee on Pensions, and if it is
! proper, i have a bill to accompany the petition.
