138"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
The VICE PRESIDENT. -It is not yet in '
order to present the bill. The petition will be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING. I present the memorial of the Na-
tional War Committee of the citizens of New
York* in which they respectfully represent that
u the depredations upon American property com-
mitted by an unlawful cruiser fitted out in a Brit-
ish- port have become so disgracefully frequent,
and so disastrous to free commerce on the ocean,
as to $all for the immediate attention of Congress,
and the adoption of measures for their suppres-
sion, more effectual than any which have yet been
resorted to." They " ask for the passage of an
act of Congress authorizing the granting of com-
missions to private armed vessels for the capture
of the Alabama and other like cruisers, and the
offer of a suitable reward for the capture."
This memorial is signed by George Opdyke,
president, and R. D. Lathrop, secretary. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of E. B. Bout-
well, praying indemnification for the loss of prop-
erty by the action of the confederate government,
Irave instructed me to make an adverse report;
and as there can he no question about it, I ask
the consent of the Senate to move that it be post-
poned indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington, praying for the construction of at least
two other railroads leading out of Washington,
one to the Chesapeake bay, and one to Hagorstown
by the way of the Point of Rocks, with forts at
such distances along their lines as to protect them
from destruction, reported in favor of printing the
memorial without the accompanying maps.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to that; let the
report lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will lie
over under the rules.
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING REAR ADMIRAT^.
Mr. KENNEDY. I submit the following res-
olution, and move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval AfTaiis:
Resolved, That the fcJeeietaiy of the Navy be in^trueUHl
to inform the Senate if, sinoo "the adjournment oi the la-t
session, he lm* appointed any acting tear admiials; and
It so. how many; and by viitue of what law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator moves
to refer the resolution to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HALE. As that is a mere resolution of
inquiry, addressed to the head of a Department,
and it is not usual to lefer such resolutions, I think
it had better be passed.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senate sees fit to pass
such a resolution as that, and continue to pile res-
olution upon resolution of a similar character on
the Secretary of the Navy, or any other Secretary,
I am not going to interpose any objection, but it
only calls for information that is patent to us all,
that appears upon the record, that is contained in
the Navy Register, which is m the hands of every
member of the Senate; and we all know by what
authority it was done. It was done under the
authority vested in the Secretary, as he supposed,
by virtue of what we call the bill to equalize and
regulate the grades of the Navy, passed m the last
days of the last session. This will only impose
the necessity of continually writing letters here to
inform us on a subject on which we are perfectly
well advised now, and just as well advised as we
possibly can be after we shall have received letters
from the Secretary.
Mr. HALE. I believe the Senator from Iowa
is mistaken. I certainly think he is. I am not
aware that there are any acting rear admirals
placed upon the Naval Register.
Mr. GRIMES. This applies to others beside
acting rear admirals, I understand.
Mr. HALE. No, it does not; and I see by the i
newspapers they have been anpomted. TVSui- i
uteris altogether mistaken when he supposes they i
appear upon the Naval Register. Let the reso-
lution be read again. It only applies to acting rear
admirals.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. It will be again read.
The Secretary again read it.
The resolution was adopted.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed,
in preparing the annual Navy Register, to continue the same
information as has heretofore been given ; and that he be
further instructed in said Register to give the same inform-
ation in regard to the volunteer officers of the Navy,as far
as practicable.
I want that considered now; and I wish to say
that it lias been submitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and that it is introduced with their
sanction.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
OPERATIONS OF GENERAL BUELL.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
inform the Senate whether a tribunal has been convened
to investigate and repoi t upon the operations ul Major Gen-
eral I). 0. Buell, United Stares volunteers, in Kentucky
and Tennessee; and if *-0. to state the character of the tii-
hnnal, whether uis a court-martial or com t of inquiry, and
it not, under what law it instituted ; and to state further,
whether that tribunal has held oris now hold ins its sessions
in secret, and whether it resolved to or attempted to ex-
elude from ith serious Alajoi Geneial Buell. wiio^e eon-
duet it was to investigate ; further. whether ?aid tribunal
piopo>ed [o said Major Geneial Buell an oatli to the effect
that he would not disclose any incident of his trial,or of
the evidence m his case.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the resolution had
better lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) It will lie over under the lules.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of State be lequested to
transmit to thf Senate any correspondence which ha> been
had between !u-> Department and oin ministers to the Rus-
sian Government, about telegraphic communication be-
tween the mouth of the Amoor uvct and San Fiancisco,
California.
SURVEYORS GENERAL.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following resolu-
tion : which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rewired, That the Secretary ofth" Interior be instructed
to nifoim the Senate what amount has been expended dur-
ing the pa-t yeai for rent and other contingent expenses, by
I the -ipvryut general of Kant-a* and Tvelua-ka; whether in
hi j op,nmn the publie nitei c^t^ do not lequii o the removal
of said office to Omaha, in Nebia^a; whether the surveyor
genera! s ofhee m Dakota and that of Kansas and Nebraska
may not be consolidated without detriment to the public
soi vice ; and what legation, if any, is necos&ary to effect
such consolidation.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILKINSON" asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
433) tor the relief of the legal representatives of
Robert Baxter; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, £nd by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. Ino. 113) to pay the Senators and mem-
bers of Congress mileage for the present session;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of pre-
viousnotice,asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bid (S. No. 45r>) to promote the construction of
railroads and telegraphs in the Slate of Kansas,
and for other purposes; which was-read twice by
its title, ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. HENDERSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, aMved and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 434) granting the aid of the United
States to the State of Missouri to emancipate the
shives in said State; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the bill be
printed, and that it, at present, lie on the table. I
understand that the Senator from Kansas has
made a proposition or offered a resolution to raise
a committee on that subject; and when the com-
mittee has been raised, I desire to refer the bill to
that committee.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
EMANCIPATION AND DEPORTATION.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the consideration of
the resolution I offered some days ago, to which
the Senator from Missouri has referred—the reso-
lution asking for a special committee on so much
of the President's message as relates to " compen-
sated emancipation" and "deportation."
The VICE; PRESIDENT. The resolution
comes up regularly in order, if there be no other
business.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Rewlccd by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concumnS;) That ?o much of the Pre«idcnt1s message as
relates to "compensated emancipation" and "deportation,"
he leictrod to a pelect committee of tlnee members of the
Senate and five members of the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. HALE. Is not that a joint resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is what is called
a concurrent resolution. It provides for a joint
committee, and has not the force of a law. It is
a concuirent resolution; a joint resolution has
the force of law.
Mr. HALE. Does it notreauire three readings?
The VICE PRESIDENT/ No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether the Senate is
leady to act on that resolution. The Senate has
already a great many committees, regularly con-
stituted, to attend to the public business. It seems
to me that any topics in the President's message
may properly be referred to one of the standing
committees of this body. I doubt whether it is
advisable for us to organize a new committee for
that purpose, especially in conjunction with the
House, and as my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] suggests to me, it is to be a commit-
tee which this body cannot control and direct; it
is to be in conjunction with the other House. •!
would suggest, therefore, to my friend from Kan-
sas, that he will allow the topic of the President's
message which he has in mind, to be referied to
one of the standing committees of this body. 1
am not disposed to go forwaid mid inaugurate a
new set of committees. We have enough. I am
inclined to think that my friend from Kansas hard-
ly thought of all the bearings of his own proposi-
tion, that it is to give us a new committee in the
first place, and that it is to put that committee m
connection with another committee at the other
end of the Capitol. I should much prefer to see the
President's message referred to one of our own
committees, having no relation to any committee
at the other end of the Capitol. 1 think, therefore,
it would be well if the Senator would let his reso-
lution lie on the table, or withdraw it.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have no objection to have
the committee a committee of the Senate. It was
on the suggestion of another member that I made
it a concunent resolution to embrace a committee
of both Houses. But the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. He nderson] has introduced a bill relating
to a matter contained m the President's message,
relating also to matters about which Congress
passed a resolution at the last session agreemgto
take action on the subject. If there is an appro-
priate committee already in existence, I certainly
would not ask for another committee. I supposed
that this was a new subject, that it did not relate
particularly to any of the standing committees,
and it was theiefore that I asked for a special com-
mittee. The Senatoi fiom Missouri desired to
have his bill referred to a special committee, and
it was on that account that I called up the resolu-
tion this morning. 1 have no objections to con-
fining it to a committee of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Kansas is
aware that the topics involved in that inquiry are
supposed to be constitutional in their character;
they involve importantquestions of constitutional
law; and there is one committee of this body
which, by common consent, is supposed always
uwake cognizance of that class of questions. I
think, theiefore, the subject had better be referred
to the Committee on the J udiciai y, which is com-
posed of eminent lawyers m this body.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say that It was
