1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IW
without any concurrence with me that the Sen- j
ator from Kansas the other morning introduced !
the proposition to raise this new committee. 1 j
had no consultation whatever with him in reference .
to it; but I stated to him yesterday, I think, that j
inasmuch as the proposition had been made, if he :
succeeded in raising the committee I should refer
this bill to his committee. I see now, however, !
that it is a concurrent resolution intended for the !
action also of the House of Representatives, and j
to be a joint committee. I desire to have control
of the till, and would, I believe, prefer having it
referred to one of the committees over which we
have entire control here. As 1 before stated, I
have no special desire that this committee shall
be raised for the purpose of referring this bill to
them, as I would just as lief that it should go to
one of the standing committees of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not refer it to the Judi-
ciary Committee?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not ask that it
should be referred at all, and I cannot make that
motion. If the Somite does not desire to raise this
new committee, I shall most assmedly have the
bill referred to the Judiciary Committee, with the
consent of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the resolution
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi-. HENDERSON. I now ask that the bill
I have introduced be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be made, if there be no objection.
CHARLES ANDERSON.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senate will in-
dulge me by taking up Senate bill No. 427, for the
relief of Charles Andeison, repotted yesterday
from the Committee on Military Affaiis, with a
view to put it on its passage. I think, on hearing
the bill and report read, there will be no objection
to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
427) for the relief of Charles Anderson, assignee
of John James, of Texas, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole, it
directs the Secretary of War to pay to Charles An-
derson, assignee of John James, of Texas, the sum
of $1,043 66, being the amount certified by the
Quaitci mastei General to he due to James for back
rent of Camp Hudson, in Texas, prior to July 1,
1859; the same having been regularly assigned to
Chatles Anderson.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask thatthe report be read.
The Secretary lead the report, as fallows:
The Committee on Miiuarj A flans and the Militia, to
whom was icteired th«- uiemoi ial of (,'hai !<'- Amluit-oiij
li.ivinq; had the ^<inio undt i ron~ut"t«ition. import:
'Phut John Junius, o! Texas had a claim iiiram-t the
L'mtf'il States foi the lent of Camp Hudson, in Texas, prioi
to the l^t ot Julj, wlneh w .is allowed hy ihe Unailei
ma-ter CJoncial, who fivjvf d lor it* payment m a spcr.'j.d es-
timate made to tin' ^eoetary of WTnt on iUnrcii c>, IKiO.
The item was aNo inserted in the Aimy appropriation hill
lit tin; IIous-c of ftepir^onlauvr in IHiO, hut n \\a< ^tiuek
out in the Senate because ot the action of the State of
Texas lowaid • disunion. It was aKo omln aeeij in the es-
timate of appioptanions for the yeru endmc June js-'^
(,hai!"s Anderson. 111 1Sf>u. hms ;i hnal em-
7,, ti of the Cn'tcd S;ate.-,! imiIihz tn Texa-=. which Statelte
was compelled to leave hv the "aiion eneinv aci " or the
couf( deiato ^tato ; and m doii-.:/ f) he e\< handed hr- jttop-
erty. wlneh he could not take awaj v/nh him. w.th John
Jaine* for the lattei'.s chum alluded lo above, wlneh isregu-
laih ar-sii/ned to the said Ander-on.
rJ he eommitlee, salisfi"d ol the )i)stice of the ojaim and
of the re<ru!ai it\ of Us tian-i'-r. i e].oit a bill foi the tehef ot
the meiaonalnt. and lecoimuend that it do pa^-.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire when this assignment
to Anderson was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was made just after the
ordinance of secession and the passage of the
44 alien enemy " act. Charles Anderson had some
seven oreight thousand dollars' worth ofpiuperty
there; he. had growing crops, and eattle. This
was a valid claim, recognized in the ordinary
course of military operations, a claim which w.^s
allowed by your Quartermaster General. Mr. An-
derson was obliged to leave Texas, and trans-
ferred all his property to Mr. James, and received
m payment this claim of over a thousand dollars.
That is the condition of the matter precisely.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand it, it is ad-
mitted that Mr. James, at the time the assign-
ment was made, was a rebel against this Govern-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not so tlnnk. 1 think
it was shown to the contrary that he was not a
rebel, but 1 will not speak positively on that point.
Whether Mr. James was a rebel or not, the claim
was due, adjusted, acknowledged to be due from
the United States to James, and was assigned to
Charles Anderson before any act was passed by-
Congress impairing the obligation to pay these
claims in the ordinary course of business; and it
would have been paid but for the fact, that it re-
lated to Texas, and the appropriations for the
military service in that State were stricken out
of the Army appropriation bill by the Senate in
1861, at the time all appropriations for the seceded
States were stricken out.
Mr. GRIMES. It occurs to me that some very
material questions are not answered by the report
of the committee. One material question that may
arise is as to what the statics of John James was
at the time he made this assignment. I doubt the
propriety of establishing the principle here now
at this early stage of our proceedings in this re-
bellion, that a rebel in aims against the Govern-
ment, as John James may have been, and as it is
to be inferred that he was, can assign his claim, an
inchoate claim against the Government, to some
other pcison, who maybe loyal, and that that
man shall come m here and get paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will say to the honorable
Senator, this was an adjusted claim, it was not
an uncertain claim.
Mr. GllliVIKS. It could not have been an ad-
i justed claim, or else there would have been no
j necessity to come here and ask for it to be inserted
j in an appropriation bill. If it was a proper legiti-
i mate claim to be paid by the quartermaster's de-
I partment, for expenses incurred m the ordinary
routine of business, the quartermastei 's depatt-
ment would have paid the. claim without the ne-
cessity of coming here, as this report pays the
parties have come once or twice, and having it in-
serted in the appropriat inn hills; so that if wa^an
open question that never had been legitimately
passed upon by any of the authorities of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr.SHERMAN. The report shows distinctly
that the oidunuy appropriation m the genera!
appropriation bill fortius class of expenses was
tj stricken out, on account of the secession of the
'j .Suite of Texas. This money was due, however,
j on a written nc^ount fil> d with the papeis, a con-
j tract between t he propw qu u form j-Uer for gt ound
' i \ mud and occupied by tin- United States, and was
!! for lent due before the State ol Texas seceded,
jj Whether James was a loyal or disloyal citizen,
I do not know; but the United States owed tins
II money long before Texas seceded. There is no
doubt of the loyalty of Chatles Andeison. As!
|| have said, whetbei James was a loyal utizen oi
i not, I do not know; but at the time tins transfer
j| was made, theie was no attempt to confiscate or
|! appropriate the debts due fiom the Tinned States
11 to disloyal eil izens Th is debt was due, anu James
' bad a richt to assign it, theiefote, to a loyal citi-
zen. The United States mi^ht, very piop-'Hy, re-
,! fuse to pay money duo fiom the United SfnU s for
i old debts, to go into the hands ofriislnyal petsons.
That would oe i ight; but here the money is due
■ : to a loy.il man who is m the service of tin: conn-
[j try, who has madeiai^e sac.i ifices for his loyalty,
i who lost all his prop< i ty when he was compelled
■j to leave Texas, and all he received for the prop-
} erty which he was compelled to abandon was an
.! honest liquidated claim agamsttlie United Slates,
j | which he bi ou^ht heie with him, expecting to re-
| cejve it in the oidinary course of business at the
i; War Department; and he would have received it
'' but for the fact that the general appropriation for
; rents m that region of country was stucken fiom
I the Anny a>>. nop) aition bill at the short session
.i of ieci.
,j Mi. GRIMES. I know something of Charles
j Andeison, and I have no doubt he is a very loyal
I man, and that he is solving the country to-day
'' with a great deal of distinction and patriotism; but
.: the question is whether we shall establish a pie-
'! ced< nt by which the pei sons holding these claims,
ij which wc have alieady once or twice stricken out
|j of an appropnation bill and sefused to pay, can
!j transfer them to men who ate loyal,and thus hn-
, pose upon us the obligation to pay them. That
'■ is what this thing \u;l end in. If we pass this
1; bill to-day, it will he followed every few days by
another bill predicated on exactly similar grounds-
to this, and our decision to-day will be quoted
against us as a precedent which will be regarded
as obliging us to pay in other cases. That is my
objection.
'Mr. SHERMAN. A single word in reply.
The Senator has assumed that this John James
is a disloyal person. There is no evidence of his
disloyalty. My impressions are the other way;
but I consider that totally immaterial.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me ask the Senator if there
was any evidence of any of these parties being dis-
loyal when the Senate by solemn vote struck out
this appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do notknow whytfie Sen-
ate struck out the appropriation. There is no
doubt this was a debt fairly due from the United
States to James on a written contract, which would
have been paid in the ordinary course of disburse-
ments but for the act of the Senate striking out the
appropriation. It was a debt past due, which Col-
onel Anderson had a right to take and receive in
the ordinary course of business, and you have no
right to go behind that transfer made before you
pretended to repudiate this class of debts. When
Colonel Anderson took it, he supposed, as a mat-
tei of couisc, that he would receive the money
when he came here. He presented it to theQuar-
termaster General and the Quartermaster certified
that it was correct. The paper presented bears
the certificate of the Quartermaster thatthe account
is correct, the money due, but the special appro-
priation for that purpose was stricken out, and it
is therefore necessary to get an appropnation from
Congress. It seems to me, therefore, the debt
ought to be paid.
Mi. HALE. The Senator from Ohio is mis-
taken in considering this an assignable or negotia-
ble debt. it is not so. Anybody that took it took
jj it subject to alt its equities. It wasnothkea note
of hand transferable by indorsement, but when
the assignee took it, he took it subject to all the
equities that could be raised against it. I think it
would be a very dangcious precedent indeed, and
would open a uoor to the United States Treasury
by which wo shall be compelled to pay all the
claims of disloyal citizens m all the seceded States
if we pay this. The Government has acted upon
a very-d liferent principle in regard to its transac-
tions m the Post Office Department. There were
a great many debts due to contractors in the se-
ceded Siatis. I know that some of my constitu-
ents, who had bona fide claims against those con-
tractors for wagons furnished, for which they had
been in the habit of receiving drafts on the Post
Office Department, have been refused payment of
a single dollar since the secession—refused where
they have asked the Depaitment to pay money
due the contractors, if you pay this assignment
you will have f.-audulentassignmentsofevery debt
that the United States owes. I think there is no
equity calling on us to make the payment, until
Mr. James comes in and shows thathe was at the
time be made the assignment and is nowa loyal
citizen; and if that be so it will alter the case. If
\ a loyal citizen has been compelled to leave Texas
i and assign his debt to another loyal citizen, it will
{ piesent "a <«se; but until that is satisfactorily
! shown to trie Senate, it seems to me they should
be slow in paying such a debt.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oulered to be engrossed for a third
rending, and was read the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
it Tiie yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, n suited—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
i YfiAr*—"Uo^r-^. Cowan. Haulms, II.urN, Kennedy,
■ f,nne of Indiana, Lane oj I\nn-a<. Latham. McJioiii/jiil,
X'.',-mnh, Pomeroy. Powell. Kice, SauMuny, Sherman,
'! \\ iliey, Wilson of Mi^souii, and \\ ; gin—17.
i i\\\YS—Me.s-t>. Anthony, Aniuhl, Drowning, Clark,
! Collamei, ])avi«, Doo'iitle, I,Y"*semien, I/Vkl. Foster,
I Oiuncs, Hale, fl'ail.in, Heinler.sOi), liowe, Knez, Morrill,
j Sunnier. Ten Ljck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, aud Wiimot
jj So the bill was rejected.
11 Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was rejected, and the motion was
enteied.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. WILMOT, it was
0,i'C/cU Thai when the Senate adjourns to-day, it bo to
nice! on Monday nuxf.
