1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
weoshould hide our heads in shame, while all the
world points at us the finger of scorn.
It is weak and idle to charge upon this policy
a desire to elevate the negro to an equality with
the white race socially and politically. An equal
privilege and right to suffer, to struggle and die
for our country argues no such thing, and those
who make the charge know better when they
make it. These colored persons should have all
the rights that a birth upon our soil, their human-
ity, and the treason of their oppressors entitle
them to; but no one proposes to elevate them to
the position of household gods, or make them the
idols or the cherished objects of our affection or
political faith. It is the white man, the free, pa-
triotic white man, whose interests we desire to
subserve; and hence we propose to relieve him in !
this great struggle of as many burdens as possi-
ble, and make the colored man bear at least his
portion of the trial and suffering. Let his breast
and his strong arms meet the shock of this cruel
war, and not allow it all to fall upon the hearts
that are already sad in so many of our northern
homes, bleeding under the sorrows that already
overwhelm them.
But, sir, the charge that this is a political war
and that the Government is controlled and man-
aged for a political purpose is basely false so far
as those in power are concerned, and comes with
a very bad grace from those who make it. Full
half of those in power when the Democratic party
turned what was left of the Government over to
the present Administration, are still holding their
places through its magnanimity to the exclusion
of its political friends; and heads of Departments
and bureaus under Cabinet officers, charged with
the greatest responsibilities, and through whom
supplies are furnished, and the vast sums neces-
sary to carry on this war are disbursed, and con-
tracts awarded, are, and always have been, Dem-
ocrats, and opposed the coining of this Admin-
istration into power. In the Army, the gener-
osity of the President and his administration is
still more prominent. A very large proportion
of those who have held the destinies of the nation
j'n their hands upon the field have been opposed
politically to the Administration, from which they
have received their promotions and high places
of honor as well as responsibility. No questions
hcive been asked as to their political views, but
with a generosity and a magnanimity never be-
fore equaled or seen in the land, power, place,
honors, and profits have been heaped without
.stint upon those who have bitterly opposed the
coming in of the present Administration, and who,
by all the piecodents set by the Democratic party,
had no right, to expect any favor at its hand5?.
Loyalty and a desire and a will to stand by and
defend the Government at all hazards against all
its enemies has been the only test of merit and
passport to favor.
In viewofall these facts and such treatment, as
well as the terrible .struggle in which we are en-
gaged, requiring all our eneigies and oui united
action, why is all this tirade uf abuse, this dt nun-
cmtion and opposition heie and elsewhere? Who
can fail to see its purpose and understand its ob-
ject? I repeat again, it is u to make political enpt-
tai out of the miseties of our country." We are
toid that the Union can never be restored until
the Democuaic party gets into power, and then
they will save it. The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr.
Cox] m his New York speech, which was calcu-
lated, if not intended, to influence and excite the
multitudeand cieate in the public mind a distrust
of the Administration and weaken its power to
cope with the giant rebellion, tells us that Ohio
44 will respond again and again, till ldG4 .shall ic-
store to power the Democia'ic party, which alone
can give to the people this great salvation." 1
would not object to salvation at the hands of the
Democratic party or any party, any man or any
set of men, for there ts no conditions to my loyalty,
and I make no objections to the use of any legiti-
mate means to save the nation.
But what is to be y[ic natuie of the salvation the !
gentleman proposes to give? Such as fell from
the hands of ins party on its last going out of
power, and which inspired it while last in power?
Such as emanated from the head of that party in
the White House, over whose patwottsm and
statesmanship the gentleman from Ohio and his
friends were wont, in days past, to expatiate with
such eloquence and beauty? Or is it such as cul-
minated m the open treason of the most of those
wielding the power of the Government during the
last Administration ? Is this the feast to which
he proposes to invite the people with the Union
restored "as it was," and all those patriarchs and
sachems of past Democracy in full communion ?
Or does he intend,by some political sleight of hand,
to so arrange the parts as to leave outthose amiable
gentlemen connected with our "wayward sisters,"
and thus vary in a slight degree from the ''Union
as it was?" What do these gentlemen expect to
accomplish if they gain power more than, what is
now attempted to be accomplished? The rebels
tell us distinctly and plainly that they will have
no more to do with us under any circumstances;
that they will submit to no proposition short of
one which recognizes their confederacy as inde-
pendent of us; that they will enter into a treaty
with but a portion of our people, and that poor
New England must not be admitted to their grace
and favor under any conditions whatever. Who-
ever holds the Government, what else, then, can
be done but to wage this war to a successful term-
ination on our part or basely surrender our cause
and acknowledge the independence of our enemies?
There is no other alternative, no middle ground
upon winch we can meet, unless at a sacrifice of
our honor and a base surrender of all the vital
principles that underlie this great struggle.
All this cry, then, of usurpation of power, vio-
lation ofconstitutions, changing the objects of the
war, and a destruction of the liberties of the peo-
ple, heard here and all over the land, and the boast-
ing declaration that the Democratic party will soon
give peace to the country and bring the " great
salvation," is for political capital only, and I warn
the people how they are beguiled with the song.
Why not give aid to the Govei nment now ? Why
not pour out the sympathy of their warm and pa-
triotic hearts now while the nation is writhing un-
der the lacerations of its enemies, and feels the
gteut need of their sympathy and the support of
all it3sons? Why withhold active cooperation
now when most needed, and when the die is being
east and the destiny of the nation settled? Why
wait until greater rum befalls us,and when aid and
support may be too late ? Those who are not will-
ing to stand by the Government now uncondition-
ally, because their party does not wield its power
for their benefit exclusively, are never its true
friends,and will, ifngain in possession of it, surely
consummate the wicked work that they so neaily
concluded when they controlled its destinies be-
fore. I lepeat the sentiment ho fouubly expressed
by Senator Douglas, that there is no distinction
between loyalty and support of the Government in
a time like this and loyalty to and support of an
Administration honestly and constitutionally ex-
ecuting thegieat trusts committed to its hands.
What, I ask, has this party done since it was
turned out of power to commend it, as a party,
especially its leaders of whom I am speaking, to
public favoi and support? All the treason that
has cursed the country and biought this ruin upon
us was with them and mtheirhouseho!d,and upon
its hands the nation was nearly i;uined by being
turned over to its enemies and to treason. This
was a great misfortune to all, I admit, and I do
not embrace m my lemai ks under this head those
who aided in placing such men in power, and who,
since their treason became apparent, have repu-
diated them and rallied around and still stand by
the Administration as the Government for the
time, giving it their sympathy and faithful sup-
port. All such men are true men,and I hail them
as brothers and welcome them to a common strug-
gle and a common destiny. But those who are
now assuming to be leaders of the Opposition have
done nothing to entitle them to any peculiar con-
sideration or favoritism. Since the rebellion began
they have done but little, if anything, to hold up
the arms of those in power struggling to put it
down, and their sympathy even has been nega-
tive and not positive. Powerless for evil for a
time, while the whole people were rising in their
majesty and rushing to the rescue of their Gov-
ernment from armed treason, they hold their peace
through a necessity that was overpowering; but
as the struggle continued and ourevils multiplied,
they seized hold of misfortunes, mistakes, and fail-
ures to lift themselves again to the surface. The
same spirit that yielded for years before the war
to the dictation of those who are now in arms
against us, possesses them still, and now proposes
to yield to their treason in order to save to them-
selves the power they have lost, and which,above
all other things, they desire again to regain.
But, sir, the people are beginning to understand
these men who are creating this false alarm in the
country, and they will rally around the old starry
flag and stand by the Government to the last.
These men will be buiied up beneath their indig-
nation, and bear forever upon their names the in-
famy that a course like this begets. This war will
have its heroes, and those who have betrayed and
weakened our cause'and added to our sorrows and
desolations. It is a war for the life of a great na-
tion, the hope of the world, around which cluster
all the hopes of mankind and civil liberty. No
one can be forgotten m this struggle; each has his
part to perform, and each will take his place ac-
cording as he lias performed that part. All those
who have stood up for the nation without condi-
tioiiSj ready and active in their support of the Gov-
ernment in all its trials, waiving political opinions,
it may be, for the time being, and holding up by
their sympathy and strength the arms of those
upon whose shoulders the great burden rests, will
be accounted the -heroes of this war, whetherthey
are in the high places of the nation, in the field to
lead or follow, or m the shop, upon the farm, in
the busy mart in town or city, at home or abroad.
Those who cry peace when there can be no hon-
orable, substantial peace until our cause is triumph-
ant—who withhold their sup pot t from the war and
themeans and policy absolutely necessary to make
it a permanent success—who, by stirring up dis-
sensions and creating divisions among us, weaken
our cause and give comfort, aid, and strength to
our enemies theieby—who, in short, are not for
us m sympathy, support, and active cooperation,
are against us; and time and the future history of
this great struggle between civil liberty and good
government on the one hand, and the worst des-
potism the woild ever saw on the other, will place
their mailt of shame and condemnation upon them
that will endure forever. They tell us that this
Union will not be preserved by those in power;
that the authority of the nation will not be re-
stored; that our liberties will not be saved and the
nation united.
I repeat the sentiment of the noble Democratic
Senator from Indiana, expressed in his recent
speech in the Senate in defense of the action of the
Government, as follows:
u Senators, it' ever thi« capital falls, it will be because of
traitor in Ihe North. If >uitUul to put down tins seces-
sion movement, it' the hour of calamity cornea upon us, I
make the piedielion thatilwill come fioiu the hand of trai-
tor in the North."
Sir, conspiracy is abroad in the land. Rebel-
lion has its allies all over the North, inside the
Democratic party and nowhere else, endeavoi ing
to use that organization to break down the Ad-
ministration and cripple its energies and power.
Let the masses of that pat ty bewaie how they are
led by some of its leadeis on to ruin. They are
loyal, and desire to see the tebellion crushed and
our Union lestored. Their sons are in the war,
and they are suffering in common with ail the pa-
triotic noble men of the country, who arc yield-
ing; up the joys of home and the dear ones of life
as sacrifices upon the common altar of our coun-
try. But bad men, who ate aiming to get hold
of the machinery of the party, desire to save the
Union by conceding to the power that has made
us all this i uin, ami is still seeking its destruction.
Upon the most loyal professions and the loudest
declamations in gloi ilication of the Constitution
and the Un ion, they hope to be able to control and
turn the whole political power of the party against
the Government as now administered. Having
left the Government two years ago without power,
bankrupt, and in the hands of treason, will they
be likely to save it hereafter, especially as they
fail to give it support now in the daik hour of its
sorrow and peril? No, sir; the very circumstances
of their condition and their political connections
forbid it. If we fail, then, in this struggle, it will
be on account of enemies at home. If the stiuggle
is prolonged, and the ocean of our sorrows deep-
ened, it will be for want of sympathy and aid in
the North on the part of those men upon whose
hands the Government was nearly ruined, and
who are now under greater responsibility and
