1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 324)
to provide for the relief of honest but unfortunate
debtors, and the distribution of their property
among their creditors, by the establishment of a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are some two or
three amendments that havo occurred to me, which
I desire to make. In the fourth section of the bill,
after the words u virtue of," in the nineteenth line,
1 propose to strike out the words " mesne pro-
cess, attachment, or," and in lieu of them to in-
sert " any;5' and after the word tk execution," in
the same line, to insert " or other final process;"
so that the clause will read:
Or that iic lia< been aire^trd, oi his piopcrtv  nize<.l, at-
tached. levied on. oi taken uudt i oi by virtue of'any execu-
tion or other lin.il process issued out oi any couit, Sic.
The section as it stands would make it an act
of bankruptcy, by which proceedings might be
taken against the bankrupt and he be compelled
to make an assignment, if an attachment simply
be issued and levied upon his property. 1 do not
think that should be a sufficient act of bankruptcy;
there ought to be, at least, a judgment, and the
property should be seized and taken under the final
process of the court upon the judgment. I there-
fore move the amendment which 1 havo stated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire also to move an
amendment in the thirtieth and thirty-second linos
of the fifth section, which relate to pioceedmgs
upon a petition of creditors praying* for compul-
sory proceedings m bankruptcy againsta debtor.
The clause which I desire to amend now reads ni
this manner:
And if, upon such heating or tual, the debtor proves to
the s.iti^i'aruon of tho com 1, oi of tin- jury, a . the c«i*-e nittj
be, that the tacit* f-et foith in the petition an; nottiuo.
I move to amend that clause by striking out, in
the thirtieth line, the words " the debtor proves,1'
and inserting " it shall not be made to appear,"
and by striking out the word " not" in the thirty-
second line; .so that the effect of the amendment
will be to make the clause read:
And if, upon Mich hearing or tiial, it Miail not he mad'' to
appeal l<> the *<11 action ot the i onrt, oi of the juiy, .e- the
may be, that the lacis set lot tit m the petition aie
tiuc, &c.
I want to have the burden of proof on the party
making the application.
The amendment v/as agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire also to insert after
the woid t{ propei ty," in the thirty-third line of
the same section, the words " by virtue of such
final piocobs,nr shall bimg the amount theieof
into court to pay the seme;" so as to make the
clause l cad: '* oi that the debtor has paid and sat-
isfied all liens upon his property by virfin> of such
final process, or shall bring the amount thereof
into court to p«y the same, in case tlit; existence
of such hens weiethe sole ground of the proceed-
ing, the proceeding shall be dismissed." The
effect will be, then, that if he has paid the liens
of final judgments, or brings the money into court
to pay tlcm, the proceeding to deciaiehim a bank-
rupt shall be dismissed.
The amendnn nt was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire also to move an
amendment in the lorty-si cond line of this fifth
section. Tli is is the compulsory section, the sec-
tion which authorizes pi oeewlmgsagainst a debtor
to compel him to go into bankruptcy; and I think
the same exemptions should be allowed to a bank-
rupt m that case as ate allowed under the laws of
the several States, both as to peisonal property
and as to the homestead. I therefore move, after
the words "estate of the bankrupt,'* in the forty-
second line, to inseit, " excepting such real and
personal property as may be exempt from sale
on execution or other final process."
Mr. FOSTER. The same provision, in my
opinion, should he made for a party against whom
proceedings are had to make him a bankrupt, so
far as exemptions of his property are concerned,
ns are made in the hill for one petitioning for the
benefit of the bankrupt law. 1 do not think there
should 1)0 any distirvtion. The design of the bill
is to make them stand alike. The honorable Sena-
tor proposes an amendment whu h I think would
make a distinction, and would give to the party
against whom proceedings were had, unuer the in-
voluntary clause, piotecuon which the bill does
not give to the party voluntarily petitioning. If
he will modify his amendment so as to provide
that the assignee shall take possession of all the
property of the bankiupt under the involuntary
clause, with the exemptions provided for the vol-
untary bankrupt, I shall be perfectly willing to
agree to it. If the bill does not effect that object
now it ought to do so, and an amendment is cer-
tainly legitimate for that purpose. I think, how-
ever, the honorable Senator makes the amendment
go further than that, and subjects the amount of
exemptions to the laws of theseveral States, which
vary very much.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I should
object to the proposition if it were made to apply
to both the voluntary and the compulsory bank-
rupt; but it seems to me that it would not be wise
for us to pass a bankrupt law which would com-
pel men to go into bankruptcy, and compel them
to surrender up that property which is exempt by
the lawsof the variousStates,known to be exempt
at the time the contiacts aic entered into. The
exemption is a part of the law of the land when the
contracts are made, and with a view to it the con-
tracts are made. I do not think it would be wise for
us to break up the exemptions which arc allowed
by the laws of the several States. If I understand
this bill correctly, it allows the provisional as-
signee to sot apart household furniture, utensils,
&e , to an amount not exceeding $500; but it
makes no provision whatever for the exemption
of the homestead. I think it would he unwise to
compel the sunender of the homestead, which by
the lawsof the several States is now exempted to
debtois. Those laws are based upon this idea:
that a man who has a household owes a debt to
his family—to his wile and his children—which
by virtue of these laws is allowed to have prece-
dence over any other debt, and which is made
sacred fmm being taken by sale on execution or
othei final process.
In reference to a voluntary bankrupt, when he
comes into court and oilers to surrender hispiop-
ertv in order to be1 discharged from all his debts
and liabilities, the case may stand differently.
For myself, I have no objection to having the ex-
emption extended in that ca^e also to cover the
homestead; but I d<.  think that in the case where
you undertake to compel a man into bankruptcy
the homestead ought to be exempted.
Mr LANE, of Indiana. It seems to me that
the amendment of the honoi able Senator from Wis-
consin is liable to constitutional objection. The
wouls of the Constitution aie. as I recollect them,
that Congress shall ha\epower to pass a uniform
system ot bankruptcy. Now. this amendment pi o-
poses a discrimination. The amount of pioperty
exempted tiom execution by the laws of some
States is greater than by the laws of other States
For instance, if in the State of New York only
$100 is exempt,and j n Indiana$300. the law would
not be uniform if you allowed an exemption ac-
cording to the laws of those States. 1 call atten-
tion to this point, fi om the fact that our supreme
court has decided a State law of ours, under a
somewhat similar pro\ ision m the State constitu-
tion, to be unconstitutional for want of uniformity.
I luue no doubt this is liable to that objection,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. bo 1 understand the hon-
orable Senator to say that the supicine com t of
Indiana have de< ided ih.st the law of then State
exempting a honn^tead is unronstitutional?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No. Our constitu-
tion requires laws to be geneial and uniform in
their opeiation. A school low was passed, au-
thonzmg township trustees to tax; some taxed
higher and some iess for school purposes. That
action was dechued to be unconstitutional by the
supreme couit, beuuise the operations of the law
weic not genera] and notuniftum. So I think
this amendment is liable to precisely the same ob-
jection. The Constitution says Congress shall
have power to pass auuifoim system of bank-
ruptcy. Here the amendment proposes a system
of bankruptcy winch is not uniform, and cannot
be uniform, because the exemptions in ccitain
States are greater than the exemptions in other
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me that the
reasoning of the honorable Senator would prove
too much. I undoistand that now, by the laws
of the United .States, tile courts of the United
States upon their final process reach precisely the
same property that is reached by the State courts;
and if a homestead is exempted from sale or exe-
cution on final process by virtue of the laws of a
State, it is exempt from sale or execution by vir-
tue of the judgment of the district or circuitcourt
of the United States. Such certainly is the prac-
tice in our State: there the execution of the circuit
or district court of the United States does not
reach the homestead. How does that happen?
Because the law of Wisconsin exempts the home-
|! stead. Perhaps there is no homestead exemption
U in Indiana, Then the laws of the United States
exempt men in one State where they do not in
another. But I understand that it is a part of the
system of the United States that in tho collection
of debts, as well as in the introduction of testi-
; mony in tho courts of the United States and the
rules which govern the courtsof the United States
|; on questions arising under the laws of the several
j States, they arc controlled by the different poll-
jj cies of the seveial States, and the decisions of the
' seveial State courts.
I; Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is true, I will
11 say to the Senator, because the act of 1789 organ-
j! izing the couits of the United States adopts the
]! rules of evidence of the State courts, and requires
j the Federal courts, as far as possible, to conform
j[ their decisions to those of the local courts on all
\\ such questions; but here is a constitutional pro-
![ vision forbidding any such thing in this case. The
|j practice to which the Senator alludes results from
| j the pi o visions of the judiciary act, but the author-
I lty of Congress under the Constitution, in this
case, is to pass a uniform bankrupt law, and we
cannot discriminate in favor of more property in
one State thon another. That is the point.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I think the view
taken by the Senator from Indiana is clearly right,
I belie\e that if the piovision proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin should be inserted in the
bill, it would be unconstitutional. The Constitu-
tion authorizes Congress to pass a uniform bank-
rupt law. Now, sir, in the State of New York
we have a homestead exemption. A man is en-
titled to retain a homestead worth $1,000. Then
there is a schedule of the household furniture
necessary for the use of a family, also exempt.
There is, in addition to that, $150 worth of house-
hold furnitme not embraced in that schedule,
exempt. Then there are the tools of a mechanic,
which are also exempt from execution. In short,
property worth from $1,500 to $2,000 in the State
of Now York is exemptfrom execution; butpass
over the line into Massachusetts, and perhaps not
a single article is exempt. If a man takes the
benefit of the bankrupt law in New York he saves
so much pioperty; but if he takes the benefit ot
the bankrupt law in Vermont or Massachusetts
he does not save a cent. Is that a uniform system
of bankruptcy? In one case, the bankrupt is
obliged to suirender everything; in the other, he
]! reserves a very important amount of property.
:i Surely that is not uniform. In my judgment, it
would be unconstitutional, and I should be very
sotry to have any piovision inserted in this bill
which would in.pan its effect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the views expressed
by the honotable Senator from New York are
' coirect, they may involve the necessity of chang-
i mg the amendment so as to describe and specify
1 precisely what a homestead is that shall be ex-
j empt; for as this homestead exemption now ex-
> tends to so many of the States, and has become
| interwoven so much into this system, 1 have no
idea that a bankrupt law passed by Congress
| would be tolerated by the people, which would
' compel men to go into bankruptcy, and surrender
' what cannot now be taken on execution or final
i process by the judgment of n court, for the secu-
Ij nty of the family. We must, it seems to mo,
ji have some amendment on this subject which will
reach the case. If the form of my proposition
is unconstitutional, it should be made definite, and
specify the exemption of a homestead. Peihaps
|! it is not expected that this bill will be pressed to
!j a final vote to-day; but other questions may arise
; | mid be discussed, and I withdraw the amendment
,; for the present, in order that I may give to if a
j! different form and shape. Much as I am in fa\or
of the passage of a bankrupt bill, I do not think
I can vole for it unless there be a provision made
to save the homesteads of those who are declaied
bankiupts against their will. I withdraw the
!j amendment for the present, so that I may put it
[| in another form, which may not be liable to ob-
II jection.
