1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and the perpetuity of free government to ail tuture genera-
tions."
The following noble letter from General Rose-
crans has been sent to the Ohio Legislature. It
ought to make the cheeks of the rebel sympathizers
ana peacemongers among us tingle with shame:
Headquarters Department of the cryrrkri-xnd,
Murfreesboro', Tennessee,
February 3,1863.
To the Honorable the General Assembly of the State o f Ohio:
The resolution of thanks passed by your honorabje body
to the army of the Cumberland, its command ins? General
and his staff, has been duly received and published to the
troops of this command. On behalf of all, I return you
heartfelt thanks.
This is, indeed, a war for the maintenance of the Con-
stitution and the laws—nay, foi national existence—against
those who have despised our honest friendship, deceived
our just hopes, and driven us to defend our country and our
homes. By foul and willful slanders on our motives and
intentions persistently repeated, they have arrayed against
us our own fellow-citizens, bound to us by the triple ties
of consanguinity, geographical position, and commercial
interest.
Let no man among us be ba^e enough to forget this, or
fool enough to trust an oligarchy of traitors to their friemN,
to civil liberty, and human freedom. Voluntary exiles (lom
home and friends, for the defense and safety of all, wo long
for the time when gentle peace shall again sprcndjicr wings
over our land; but we know no such blessing is possible
while the unjust and aibitraiy power of the rebel leadeis
confronts and threatens us. Oialty a«?tbe for, cruel n< the
tiger, they cried "nocoercion," while preparing to strike us.
Bully-like, they proposed to liifhtus, because they .said they
could whip five to one; and now, when driven bade, they
whine out, "no invasion,''and piorni*>e us of the VVe^t per-
mission to navicate the Mississippi, if we will be "good
boys," and do a> they but us.
Whenever they have the power, they drive before tliern
Into their ranks the southern people, and they would also
drive us. Trust them not. Were they able they would in-
vade and destroy in without mercy. Absolutely assuied of
these things, I am amazed that any one*coulil think of '• -peace
onany termsHe who cntci tains the sentiment is jit only to
be a slaoe; he who utters it at this lime U. moreover, a traitor
to his country, irho deserves the sea 1 naml contempt of all Aon-
orablcmen.' When the power of the un«crupulou& rebel
leaders is removed, and tin; people, an; fiee to consider iimi
act toi their own interests, wlinit aie common with out-,
under this Government, then; will be no gieat difficult) m
fraternization. Between otn tastes and .social hie there aie
fewer differences than between thof-o of the nouliein and
southern niovnicesol England oi Ireland
\V. S. KOSfiCRANrt,
Major Gcncial.
When leading Democrats in the Army raise the
note of warning and speak out so plainly and
boldly, shall wo hold our peace and fail to warn the
people against the schemes of these men at home
who are plotting our i uin ? The keynote has been
sounded here in these Halls, and from this place
and the other end of the Capitol have gone out the
appeals and defiant declamations that have pro-
duced all (his disaffection and difficulty. Shalt wc
be dumb when the Anny is crying out against
such a course and denouncing it as the foulest
treason? No,sir, Ujs no lime to tremble and falter,
but to call things by their ught names, and put
upon every man the seal of his true position and
cha meter.
These <ffoits arc lo demoralize and discourage
the Army, but they will not succeed. The Ainiy
is not only brave but loyal, and I proclaim it to
their praise, and they will stand by the Govern-
ment in all the measures it sees fit to devise to aid
them in striking down the rebellion, and they care
not how many and how effective those measures
are. Yes, sir, treason everywhere will be put
down, and the nation will be saved. This war has
a purpose, and no treason can thwart it; for lie
whose waysare not as man's ways, and who rides
in awful majesty upon the storm of battle to save
the right, will direct, protect, and save. There is
an invisible hand that shapes our destinies, and we
may struggle against the inevitable conclusions
that aheady are becoming apparent; it matters
not: for step by step we shall be forced onwatd
until we occupy a position ofjustice; and of power
because just.
Such lias been our course thus far, struggling
against our fate, advancing only as we were
foiccd by the necessities of the hour; and stHi
will be our future, until all that lias been designed
to be accomplished m this terrible struggle shall
have been secured. The Administiation is wise
in its policy, but it must force more energy and
decision into its operations, if possible, sinking
with giant powerat every point it can, and spar-
ing nothing that lifts ils uaitorous head to oppose,
<>r that gives life and power to the enemies of the
Republic. Its proclamation has gone foith;ain!
although it is snceiingly •-•aid ihat it will have no
mnftj force-' fhan ibe papi r upon which it was
Written, wc cheerfully - wait the developments of
the future, and shall abide the result. It will
break in upon the sable sons of bondage through-
out rebeldom like the rising of the morning sun,
warming their patriotism into life, and nerving
their strong arms to do battle in the cause of the
country that has at last opened a door for their
deliverance. The sword, the cannon, the wild
storm and the loud thunder will carry it, and let
the echo fly until every cabin and every plantation
under the hand of treason shall break forth in
songs and rejoicings, and rebeldom shake to its
very base. As we advance let them be disci-
plined, placed under restriction, taughfKhe rules
and humanity of warfare, and thus let them be
turned upon their oppressors who are trying to
destroy our Government and our liberties. This
will be striking at the very heart of the monster
and cutting off its power, as it will be depriving
it of the means of support.
But this is said to be cruel warfare, calculated
to stir up insurrections among the slaves and re-
sult in great disaster to all classes of citizens in
the South. What is the rebellion but an insur-
rection 111 the nation, full i5f treason, shedding the
blood of our brave men by thousands upon the
battle-fields of this war, and filling our land with
wailingaud woe? Men, women, and children who
cling to the old flag in the South are brutally mur-
dered for the love they bear to that flag, and the
most absolute despotism rules over all.
Shall I be moved to sympathy for them, and
see no sorrow at home ? Whose home has not al-
ready the matks of this war about it? and where
can you go over the loyal States, but the widow
and orphan crowd your pathway and cause your
hearts to bleed with anguish? Let us by these
means make war in the rear of our enemies, at
home it may be, and call oft' the rebel armies to
protect their homes, their wives and children, and
then you have this rebellion in your power, and
soon tho struggle will be ended. 1'etter abandon
the struggle unless we are in earnest and are pre-
pared to use all the means at our command, legit-
imate and sanctioned by the uiles of civilized
warfare, calculated to subdue our enemy and se-
em c our object.
1 repeat, this nation will be saved. Wc have
descended fiom no doubting stock, and there is no
occasion for despairing of the Republic. Clouds
may settle down upon some portions of our wide-
spead field of operations, but the sun shines out
upon otheis,and the lines arc being drawn closer
and closer upon the enemy and around their pos-
sessions. Seven years' struggle was required to
conquer our ancient enemy, and secure our inde-
pendence of a powerful foe, while we were weak
and defenseless, save m the power that dwelt in
the pati lotismand bravery of the few who achieved
that glorious result. It is true we arc superior in
resources, m the material to constitute armies and
furnish them for the in Id; but the enemy being
in their own country, and understanding it well,
and wo compelled to be the invading party, they
can make themselves equal to us m eveiy essen-
tial particular, at least for a certain period of time.
But, sii, they arc not united m this struggle. As
opportunity oilers, and the tyranny that has here-
tofore kept down their people is lelaxed thiough
necessity, wc see unmistakable evidences that a
lai go portion of them, tired of this war, aie ready,
whenever the first opportunity oilers, to throw
off the despotism upon them, and welcome the old
fla^ as of old Whatever may be said of the block-
ade, it lias had the effect to shut them out fiom
the comforts and even necessaries of life to such
an extent that destitution and despair are staring
them in the face and producing distrust and dis-
affection. In many icspects their cause is hope-
less, and the rebellion, although in full power in
the field to-day apparently, and peihaps in fact,
is in the darkest day it has yet seen, and there is
no possibility of its condition being improved,
unless its arms are very goneially successful and
ours defeated. This, however, cannot be. The
extensive circle around which our forces are col-
lecting at given points will doubtless soon be
made'lnilhant with llie glory of success, and the
drooping hearts of our people be lifted up from
the oppiession now upon them. Our brave men
aie everywhere willing and anxious to sti ike when
she word is given, but .sufficient delay and care
must be allowed to mak«x the blov, s effective and
•successful. Let the people m the moan time cher-
ish confidence and be patient. This is a mighty
struggle with a powerful and an earnest foe, and
safety in our operations must be secured. Could
I reach every person in the loyal States, I would
say, stand by the Government and give it your
warmest sympathy and undivided support, inde-
pendent of prejudice or political opinion; condemn
opposition and treason everywhere and by whom-
soever practiced; throw all into the struggle and
upon'the altar of our common country; be pa-
tient, confident, and firm, and the struggle will ere
long be ended and our cause triumphant.
Mr. Speaker, the connection I now hold with
this struggle will soon end. I have tried to do
my duty, and what was best for my country; and
from this standpoint, looking over the past, 1
have no regrets to carry away with me over a sin-
gle vote, word, or act that makes my record here
upon this great struggle.
i will not despair of the Republic. In the dark-
est hours it has survived the storm, and how glo-
rious has been the sunlight after it had passed!
Though she may wade through many more seas
of blood, and the land be baptized again and again
in fire, out of all she shall come at last purified
and redeemed, with her garments ma(le white and
pure, with no marks of shame upon her brow,
her hands washed of the stain of crime and blood,
while under her starry banner will rest and flour-
ish, in perennial bloom,
" The land of the free and the home of the brave."
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
\ am called very unexpectedly into the debate.
Having but a moment since entered the House, I
heard only a portion of the speech of my colleague,
[Mr. May;] but have heard enough to judge of
the character and design of the whole speech. It
is an effort to fix upon the public mind the belief
that popular sentiment in Maryland, but for the
interference of the executive Government of the
United States, would favor the severance of the
Union, and the annexation of that State to the
confederacy which traitors have organized. Re-
membering that the facts and arguments now ad-
duced to prove that Maryland is tyrannized over
have been, more than once, heretofore paraded
before this House and the country, when the facts
have been proved to be unfounded, and the argu-
ments therefore groundless, I am reminded of the
exclamation of the astonished Macbeth, when the
ghost of the muidered Banquo stalked into the
banqueting hall—
"the times have been,
That, when the brains were out, the man would die,
And there an end: but now, they rise again."
But I am reminded of no instance in which a
writer of prose or poetry has been so bold as to
assert that a false statement or a false argument
could be so thoroughly brained that it would not
again be made to stalk as large as life into a dis-
cussion. Notwithstanding, ir is my duty to make
one more attempt to put to rest before tins House
and the country a gross aspersion of the major-
ity of the people of Maryland. In doing this, I
will not indulge in mere declamation; I will not
answer bold statements by mere declarations on
my part; 1 will not content myself with merely
uttering opinions, and leave others to weigh my
opinions against the utterances of my colleague.
It will be my endeavor, in a few words, to place
this House in possession of stubborn, established
facts, which will furnish toothers the elements of
an opinion, and telieve my State of that unmer-
ited odium under which Maryland has so long
suffered. <
Now, sir, I will not charge my colleague with
any willful misrepresentation of the character of the
people of Maryland, or with any willful misstate-
ment of facts calculated to implicate the people
of that State; but 1 have to say that he acts and
speaks under a hallucination that is strangely
haunting the brain of gentlemen of that position
m politics to which he belongs.
1 have been forced to listen in this House,and
have read in the newspapers, in speeches uttered
elsewhere, that Maryland is oppressed, tyran-
nized over, and crushcd down under the heel of
tyrants. A fouler aspersion was never uttered
anywhcic by any man. Maryland oppressed!
When > Where? By whom? Those who speak
of Mai viand, mean, of coui.se, the majority of the
people of Maryland; and when gentlemen speak
of oppression, they mean, of course, that the will
of that ma jority has been trampled upon, crushed
and tyrannized OVcr by the measuifcs of the Chief
