1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, Maryland is not exclusively nor
chiefly an agricuUuial State; she is a mining,
manufactuting, mechanical, commercial, railroad
State. The county from which I come has a
large mining interest, of much greater value than
the whole slave interest of the State. The Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad has a larger amount of
capital than the value of all the slaves of the State.
The manufacturing, commercial, and mechanical
interests of Maryland, are all 'necessarily in-
volved in danger, in my humble judgment, of
great damage in any effort of madness and folly
under any appeal of passion to induce the people
of that State to join the southern confederacy.
The people ofMaiyland understand all of these
facts. We desire that the day shall be far distant
from us when such a contest is forced upon us;
but, sir, let the issue be made any day, anywhere,
in any mode, between a withdrawal from this
Government and universal emancipation, and
there will be no hesitation, not for one moment,
in our choice. [Applause in the galleries.]
Let me not be misunderstood as enteimining
any of those speculative opinions about there
being no property in the right to control the slave.
My loyalty to the constitution of my State is not
skin-deep in that respect. My loyalty goes to
the full extent of heart and head; when I pledge
my faith to obey the constitution of Maryland,
and the laws made in pursuance thereof by the
Legislature $f that State establishing certain re-
lations between one class of the people and an-
other, and the Supreme Court—the only arbiter
in such a controversy—decides that that law is
consistent with the Constitution, 1 am bound to
obey. I do not look for excuses nor evasions to
escape from the responsibility which I am under
to obey all constitutional laws, and to respect and
protect all rights they vest until those laws are
changedijy the supreme law-making power of the
"State. I am loyai not only to laws I love, but to
laws I hate. To this extent every good citizen
is in honor bound.
" Whore ye feel your honor gilp,
Let that aye be your border;
lt^ s)i<rhu>i touches, lie-ram pause—
Debar a* Mile pieton&e« ,
Ami ieM>luttl\ keep ita J.iws,
Uncaring consequence's."
My loyalty i«s the same to (he Government of
the Union, whose constitutional commands! rec-
ognize as supreme over all. 1 will stand by any
or all laws of emancipation, or any other laws
that the judiciary of the country, when brought
to the test before them, shall declare to be in ac-
cordance with the Constitution.
1 have said this much to exclude the conclusion
that I invito such a contest in Maryland as i hate
indicated as possible. On the contrary, if my
counsel shall prevail, it should not be made now,
of all times. When we have so much before us
about which we should act in conceit, let us not
enter upon a crusade relating to any other subject.
1 have said, and again say, that my loyalty to
this Government is not to be shaken by the fact
that the Government of the United States may
undei take to adopt m its legislative, executive, or
judicial department a line of policy which my
judgment cannot approve.
1 have no difficulty in preferring President Lin-
coln to Jefferson Davis. I have no difficulty m
preferring President Lincoln and his Cabinet to
Jefferson Davis and his cabinet. I will not yield
to any clamor nor inducement looking to a division
of this country. It is the destiny of all the tern-
toiy of this Union that u shall remain the home
of a free and hberty-loving population. We paid
for it, by the foi tificatious with which we have
# sunounded it; we paid for it by removing the In-
dians beyond its bordeis, and paid for it by giving
to it, as a part of this Republic, a reputation all
over the earth which any nation might envy, and
of which every good citizen is pmud. We are
ready to make any sacrifice for It, because we
love that system of American government which
is made for the many and not for the few, and
because we desire to extend the benefits of such a
Government over a laige aiea of States. We do
not wish to follow in the footsteps of European
Governments, where they have, in a country less
in extent than the United States, fifty-five'forms
of government and continual war about bounda-
ries which ought never to have been established,
and for the supnortof dynasties which neverought
to have existeu. We have taken our lot upon this
American continent with the determination that
this Republic shall extend from the Atlantic to
the Pacific ocean, from the southern boundaries
of Texas to the Canadas, and some of us hoped,
and I was one of that number, that the day might
come when the boundaries of our governmental
jurisdiction would be enlarged peacefully, until at
last the old flag would be unfurled to protectevery
foot of soil from Central America to the Canadas.
As to the questions now before us for immediate
action, I have a word to say. I voted against the
bill which passed this House intended to deny to
those who have been arrested by high officers of
the Government all right of action. I would not
deny to any man a rightof trial by jury in vindi-
cation of his rights of person, of property, or rep-
utation. If Congress indemnifies any executive
officer, let it be by paying all damages incurred,
when Congress is satisfied that the officer was in
truth and sincerity engaged in what he supposed
to be a public duty. Ami lam willing, in any
proposition to indemnify in that form, to be to the
faults of public officers indulgent and kind. 1 de-
sire to give, sincerely, encouragement whenever
I can to the Administration, because its chief pur-
pose must be the restoiatnm of the Union. And I
will not be deterred from giving support to that
extent by any obloquy which may be heaped upon
those in power for any measures which are or are
supposed to be inimical to the public interest. 1
think that in this case the House can do all this
by voting for the bill as it has passed the Senate.
There is one provision in^tlie bill of which we
may doubt the constitutionality. As to that I am
willing to let the courts decide, the measure itself
being a good one. If we can give to a public officer
the benefit of that defense proposed in the bill of
the Senate, I am disposed to do so. At all events,
I think that in times like these State courts and
State juries, summoned by the sheriffs elected by
themselves, ought not to have exclusive power to
determine questions involving the discharge of
public duty of public officers acting under the au-
thority of the Government of the United States.
I thank the House, Mr. Speaker, for their pa-
tient hearing of all I was suddenly culled upon to
say in vindication of the people of Maryland, and
must hope that the position of Maryland will be
heicafter better understood abroad.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, a great deal is
said in this House and elsewhere on the causes
which have led to the rebellion now in pi ogress
in the United Slates. No subject, peihaps, is more
'dwelt upon, and none, in ti uth, is more deserving
of attention. To know the cause of our existing
difficulties or disturbances is to learn the nature of
that difficulty, and when wo have ascertained its
nature the remedy is easily found.
But it often happens in all great revolutions or
changes in national affairs, that while many causes
may have conspired to bring itabout, there is one
paramount to nil otlieis, one without which all
other causes in operation would have been in-
sufficient to produce the grand result. If 1 mis-
take not*, this is eminently true in regard to the
great struggle m which the Ameiiean people aie
now involved; for while it cannot be denied that
many previously existing circumstances had cre-
ated disaffection in the southern States, it is to my
mind clear and palpable that it is to one cause,
mainly, that wc owe this outbreak.
It may be expected that 1 shall say that slavery
is that one great cause. No, sir; it was not slavery
but cotton which broughtabout the rebellion.
My object at this time will be to show, as briefly
as 1 may, the truth of this statement and tin- les-
son which it teaches. But I cannot do this with-
out first examining the position which this won-
derful article, cotton, holds in the commerce of
the world. It has been called king. Regarded as
an article of commerce, and as one of the princi-
pal necessities of mankind, it well deserves the
title; because it is that commodity from which
clothing is made, in whole or in part, fur almost
the entire human race.
There are only four articles of any considera-
ble importance used in the manufacture of cloth- |
ing. These are wool, silk, flax, and cotton; two |
animal and two vegetable productions. The first I
of these, though quite indispensable in the high
latitudes, is only partially available in the lower,
and can be used but little in the tropics. Silk,
while an article from which beautiful and elegant
fabrics can be made, is not adapted to general use,
and being, like wool, an animal product, cannot
be furnished in sufficient quantity or at so iowa>
rate as to be made available for the greater part of
mankind. Flax being a vegetable production, ana
its culture adapted to a great variety of soils and
climates, might doubtless be produced in any.de-
sired quantity; but, like silk, it would bu£ par-
tially meet the wants of that large portion of £he
population of the globe where snows and frost pro*
vail a considerable part of the year.
After looking at these several commodities, then,
we find that an article is needed which shall, as
nearly as possible, combine the peculiar proper-
ties and advantages of alt of them; one that can be
cheaply and bountifully produced, and that may
most readily be converted into clothing having, at
pleasure, the warmth of wool or the elegance or
lightness of silk or linen. Cotton we find to be
just that article, combining in a most wonderful
degree the advantages of wool, silk, and flax. The
earth has one thousand million inhabitants, and
each and every one of these need cotton. There
is no exception. Not, indeed, that human beings
cannot possibly exist without it, but their welfare
and happiness are promoted by it§.use. ^ ^ ^
While cotton is one of the greatest necessities
of mankind, we find its successful culture confined
to a very limited portion of the earth's surface.
I say successful culture, for although it may be
raised in India, Egypt, and other countries ia
similar latitudes, yet the quality is so inferior, the
quantity to the acre so limited, and the labor so in-
effective, that the countries in question do little
more than supply their own wants.
It is reserved to the States of the American
Union lying in immediate proximity to the Gulf
of Mexico to furnish the world with the article
in such quantities and of such quality as to meet
the general demand. In these States chattel slavery
exists, and by its labor the great staple of the
country is produced. The cuituie of the article
began piior to the Revolution, but it did not be-
come an article of foreign export till 178-1, when
eight bales were shipped to Liverpool. These were
seized by the custom-house officers, on the ground
that they could not be of American product.
No very great extension of the cultivation of
cotton was realized until 1792, when Eli Whitney,
a man from Massachusetts, invented the cotton
gin; but from that moment it increased with won-
derful rapidity. The value of theexportof cotton
was:
In 1821 $20,000,000
fn 1830   29,000,000
hi 1810   63,000.000
In 1600   71,000,000
J,i 186a 11)1,000,000
This amount, it will be observed, is over and
above the amount consumed in the United States.
The whole product in 1850 was 2,096,706 bales;
in 1860, 4,669,770 bales. Mailt especially the
great increase from 1850 to 1860, of one hundred
and thn ty per cent.!
But the more sti iking and noticeable fact is, that
while the production had increased at this enor-
mous rate, the price also had advanced twenty-five
percent. Accordingto the financial report of 1861,
the average price of cotton from 1840 to 1850 was
but 8.2cents per pound; while from 1850 to 1860
the average price was 10.5 cents per pound; a dif-
ference, it will be seen, of a little over twenty-five
per cent.
The difference between the value of the entire
crop of cotton, including ail consumed at home
and exported, is stiil more remarkable. In 1850
it amounted to but $117,619,947, while in 1860 it
was $308,865,280; showing an increase of value
of nearly two hundred per cent., owing, of course,
to the increase of quantity and the advance of
price.
Here, then, is the singular fact, unparalleled
perhaps in the commercial history of the world,
that while the production was increasingat a rate
so prodigious, the piice was constantly advanc-
ing. This is contrary to all the ordinary laws of
trade. As production increases, prices fall; but
in this case, instead of a decline, we find a great
advance of price.
What did this remarkable phenomenon prove?
Why, that the consumption of cotton was advanc-
ing at a greater ratio than the supply. The slave-
holders, the cotton lords of the South, saw this,
' and well understood the consequences which it
involved. They saw in this a clear indication that
they had before them a brilliant career of pros-
