1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
perity; that they were in possession of a power
that could be made to influence the world.
But in the midst of these splendid visions of
affluence and influence, one circumstance gave
them great uneasiness. Mr. De Bow, the great
statistician of the South, in the first volume of his
Commercial Resources, informed the public, in
1853, Lhat there were at that time about " one hun-
dred thousand free white persons engaged in the
cultivation of cotton." This could notbutgieatly
alarm the slaveholders, especially in connection
with the fact that the number of those free labor-
ers was constantly augmenting in all the cotton
States, but especially in Texas, where there was
already a large and successful colony of Germans,
increasing rapidly by immigration from the father-
land. By this fact, it was becoming manifest to
the world that cotton could be cultivated by free
white labor, and the old and carefully cherished
fallacy that it could only be raised by negroes was
being exploded. White men not only did work
in the cotton-fields as safely as the negro, but found
it more profitable than any other branch of agri-
cultural industry. This the slaveholders saw
must inevitably lead to a large and continuous
influx of free labor from Europe and the North,
and the formation of a powmful free State within
the limits of Texas would be the certain conse-
quence.
The enormous rise in cotton, too, while its pro-
duction was so largely increased, showed the
slaveholders that, with all their concentration of
force in that particular branch of industry, they
could not increase the quantity so fast as the de-
mand for it increased. It also proved to them
that the natural increase of slaves was not in pro-
portion to the actual increase in the consumption
of their great staph;. " If," waid the wily states-
men of the South, " the consumption of cotton is
increasing faster than the natural increase of our
slave population, then the price ofcotton will con-
tinue to rise; if the price continues to rise, free
labor must be drawn to its culture, and Texas
will swarm with a non-slaveholding population,
unfriendly to the existence of slavery and danger-
ous to its continuance. Texas has already large
German settlements engaged in raising cotton,
which will be constantly increased by immigra-
tion. All Europe will be poured in upon us to en-
gage in the cotton culture, and slavery will in a
short time be broughtinto actual competition with
and be surrounded on all sides by free labor. That
will he fatal to shiveiy. This raising of cotton
by white labor must bo stopped. Hut how? The
cotton market must and will be supplied—that
is certain. If we, slaveholders, cannot raise a
sufficient quantity, non-slaveholders will. What,
then, can be done ? We must obtain nlaigcr sup-
ply of slaves. But we have exhausted the home
market already, and carried the prioo of field-
hands up to from twelve to fifteen .hundred dol-
lais. We cannot go further in that direction,
and there can be but one remedy, and to that we
must resort. We will open the slave trade, and
procure a supply of laborers from Africa, as we
can readily do at fiom two to throe hundred dol-
lars per head. In this way we can get all we
need, and keep the entire command of the cotton
market." So reasoned the slavuholding states-
men of the South, and they reasoned correctly.
There was for them no alternative. The slave
trade must, be opened. But how could it be done?
" The civilized world," say they, *' will indeed be
against us, but that we do not care about, for the
civilized vvoild must depend on us for cotton, and
we can set their mawkish sensibility at defiance;
but the northern States of the Union will never
consent to the project, will never give legal sanc-
tion to such a ineasuie. They will not agree that
we shall flood the counti y with negi oes, and Afri-
canize a great part of the continent. Itis hopeless
for us to attempt it while connected with them,
and therefore we must set up for independence."
This was clear and conclusive. To quote diiectiy
from the wotds of A. 11. Stephens, vice president
of the confederacy:
^ It is n« plain a.- anything enn be, that unless the num-
ber ot A'rieun stock lit; increased we mi^ht as well aban-
don tit- me.- with oui brt'fhifMi of' the Xojth tn the coloni-
zation ot Teutfories. It then"1 are no more slave States,
u !> not becau-o or ahohurmiMu, but simply lot the want
of p.Hifle to -enl" u eni
' W (•<• inn'>t mm la- SMf e* without people, nn.l -lave States
cannot he m.'de without Af'i It i- u-eh'-s towage
war about ah-ti.n t Msjhf*, or to quarrel and aceu'-e each
other ot un-outidnes-j uuic-s w>„ get mote Africans.'*
Mr. Clemens, of Virginia, said in the Congress
of tlie United States:
" The only mode by which slavery could ever expand was
to reduce the puce of ucgtocsaud have a new source of sup-
ply. This is, in fact, the real design of the coast States."
What was the result of this course of reason-
ing? The dreadful alternative of secession. It
was no fear from abolitionism that led to this des-
perate step. The leaders in the rebellion have had
the frankness to avow that they had no apprehen-
sions from the aggressions of the North. Jeffer-
son Davis and his associates knew as well as every
gentleman in this House knows, that there was no
disposition on the part of the North to abolish
slavery. They knew that at the election of Mr.
Lincoln there was not of all the voters in the free
States probably five per cent, who were in favor
of abolition. They knew very well the pro-
slavery character of political parties at the North,
and how easily they had always made them sub-
servient to the interests of slavery. They knew
their own power over northern politicians, and
how readily they could manage them. They never
for a moment apprehended any interference with
slavery as an existing institution; but they did
fear, and with good reason, that the opening of
the slave trade would be an atrocity so shocking
to those instincts of humanity which all men have,
except those made callous by slaveholding, it
could never be accomplished while they were con-
nected with the free North. And so, sir, they re-
solved to cut loose from the Union and form an
independent government, whose " chief corner-
stone," in the language of Mr. Stephens, "should
be slavery." This they boldly and honestly
avowed, and upon this they stand to-day. This
is the issue for which they are struggling, with a
heroism-and devotion worthy of a better cause.
This project of the South certainly appeared to
most of us as wild and chimerical. We would
not believe tliem in earnest. Wc thought they
only intended to bluster and threaten, until, as
usual, we should compromiseby letting them have
their own way; but their position in relation to
the cotton market admitted of no compromise, no
delay. They must strike then or never; another
decade would place them in hopeless competition
with the labor of free men. Besides, they knew
their own prowess, and they calculated but too
safely on sympathizers at the North, where they
had always found a mercenary party and believed
they always should. They knew they would be
united themselves, and believed that we should be
divided, and thus they dared to make the dread-
ful appeal to arms.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this view of the matter
is the true one, as I think none can deny, it shows
us what our duty is, and what we must cxpoct
in this contest. Gentlemen here talk about " com-
promise and concession;" but what compromise
can there he with insurgents fighting for such an
object? None at all; and the southern leaders,
whose frank avowal of even their most diabolical
designs we cannot but admire, tell us in the plain-
est language that if wc would give them* a carte
blanche they would not propose any terms what-
ever on which they would reenterthe Union. No,
sir, they will never do it. They will be as good as
their word. Nay, more; they will bring the North
to the most humiliating terms, and rule it as with
a rod of iron, unless their armies are overthrown.
That is our destiny; that is the woik before us.
Not a very flattering prospect, I admit, in the
present posture of affairs, but not the less our cer-
tain and inevitable destiny.
Sir, I repeat what I have already declared, cot-
ton is the immediate cause of this war. Had the
slave labor of the South been devoted to the rais-
ing of sugar, tobacco, rice, and common agricul-
tural pioduets, there would have been no adequate
motive or occasion for secession. But as that
labor was devoted, especially in the Gulf States
where the movement was consummated, to the
cultivation of cotton, the case was entirely differ-
ent. In that commodity they enjoyed a monop-
oly, and were determined to keep it.
if the rebellion succeeds, the fields of Texas
and Mexico are to be cultivated with labor im-
ported from the shores of Africa; if it fails, those
same fields arc to be tilled by the fiee labor of the
r northern States and Europe. The question wu
;j aie now deciding is, whether the vast regions on
ij our southern border shall be peopled by the best
II races of Europe, drawn hither by voluntary em-
igration, or by the most degraded races of Africa,
brought here in the holds of the slave ship. That
is the grand problem in our future destiny. One
or the other must take place, and it is for us, the
men of the present hour, to determine which it
shall be. It is the most stupendous issue ever
presented in the annals of the world. Slave labor
or free labor for half a continent! Civilization or
barbarism for unborn millions !
Those do the leaders of this rebellion great in-
justice who suppose they were actuated by the
groveling considerations which have usually been
attributed to them. They afraid of losing the
control of the politics of the nation ! They were
never more powerful than when they met at the
Charleston convention in 1860; and, had they
chosen, might have perpetuated their political as-
cendency indefinitely. That they knew very well;
but they chose to divide. They had started larger
game; they had determined to strike for independ-
ence and empire, a slave oligarchy, and the cot-
ton market of the world. And they have done
so like men in earnest—men who are not to be
diverted or turned aside by any cry of compro-
mise or concession. How sublimely ridiculous
it must seem to these determined spirits to hear
their craven sympathizers at the North crying out
for " the Constitution as itis, the Union as it was!"
What union, what constitution will they ever con-
sent to ? And yet this is the motto under which
the opposition to the Government, ii\this hour of
its peril, are attempting to rally their forces. This,
with the stale cry of " abolitionism," is the whole
stock in trade of a party that aspires to rule tho
destinies of the nation.
Again, sir, this view of the subject shows how
mistaken were the calculations of those who as-
sumed at the outbreak that the rebellion was the
work of a few discontented, factious politicians
at the South, resolved to rule or ruin, and with
whom the great masses of the people had little "
sympathy; of those who expccted to quell the in-
surrection with seventy-five thousand troops in
" thirty days !" Tins total misapprehension of
the rebellion jnd its cause has been a source of
great disaster to the Government and immense
advantage to its enemies. If the real designs of
the rebels had been comprehended, if the earnest
and frank avowals of its chief leaders had been
regarded, the whole contest would have assumed
a widely different aspect, and would either never
have been entered upon by the Government, or
have been prosecuted with a vigor and energy
proportionate to its magnitude and the immense
issue at stake.
The Federal Government for a twelvemonth
did not make war, only simulated it; did not in-
tend to conquer the South, and it has not done it;
did not wish to injure the rebels any more than
could be possibly avoided, and it has mjuied them
but little. Such a policy has been as destructive
and cruel as it was mistaken and foolish. It has
cost the lives of thousands and tens of thousands
of our noblest and bravest men, who have per-
ished miserably on the field of battle and in the
camp and hospital.
When the South struck for slavery, the North
should have struck for freedom. No other issue
could be made with any hope of success. The
South acted under all the inspiration which a
struggle for independence and nationality could
give; and it was indispensable that the North
should have an object equally inspiring. But, un-
fortunately, no such issue was announced. The
Federal Government at the very outset declaied
that us only purpose was to restore the Union,
and leave all existing institutions intact. It de-
clated especially and repeatedly that it had no
intention to disturb slavery, but only to bring it
again under the guarantees of the Constitution. It
made this announcement at home, it gave this
assurance abroad. Now, there was nothing in
this calculated to arouse the spirit of the nation.
At the call of their country, brave men were found
ready to take up arms and follow its flag to the
field of carnage; but where was the enthusiasm
so prominently developed at the South? There
was little of it.
In the nineteenth ccntury men fight for ideas,
not constitutions; for principles, not parchment.
The day has long been gone by when men can be
excited to that heroic and devoted self-sactifice
demanded in a long and bloody struggle by any-
thing less than an unmistakable issue for some
