148
the Congressional globe.
December 19,
and redeemable in twenty years in coin. With
§500,000,000 of legal tender notes in'circulation,
they would accumulate so fast with capitalists
and banks that the holders would be glad to
turn theth to profitby purchasing the loans; and I
doubt not before the year would expire the whole
§1,000,000,000 of bonds would be calledforat par.
In my opinion, with the present law this amount
can never be sold except at a ruinous discount.
I believe that this disposes of all the provisions of
the bill, which were intended to restore the com-
mittee's project, and which was sanctioned by a
large majority of this House.
The balance of the bill refers to State banks,
and imposes a tax of fifty per cent, on all their
circulation beyond one half of their capital. This
tax is obviously intended for prohibition, and not
for revenue. I incline to think it should have
taxed all above three fourths, instead of one half
of the capital. The-object of this provision was
two-fold: first, togivea wider circulation to Uni-
ted States rotes, and thus induce their conver-
sion; secondly, to prevent the undue inflation of
the currency. I suppose that such a law would
drive at least $100,000,000 of bank notes out of
circulation,leaving aboutthe same amount afloat.
These, together with the United States notes,
would give a circulation of $600,000,000. I
believe the business of this country requires that
amount. Before the rebellion the paper issues
were over $200,000,000, and the coin was at least
$300,000,000. I suppose what may properly be
called the present circulation amounts to more
than that sum. The checks which pass as cur-
rency in our large cities are as much a paper cir-
culation as bank notes. They amount to some
$200,000,000, I imagine, and almost entirely su-
persede batik notes in New York and Boston.
When it was said that the currency necessary to
do the business of Great Britain was near two bil-
lion dollars,the bank note circulation was less than
four hundred millions. The rest was supplied by
bills of exchange.
But in times of suspension of specie payments,
banks will expand to an unlimited amount unless
restrained by some national law. I can account
for the present high price of everything in no other
way than by such expansion or the expectation
of it. I fear the true amount of present circulation
is not ascertained. Take, as an example, a very
sound, well-managed bank in my own district; it
has a capital of $320,000; it holds about J150,000
of United States six and sevon-thiity per cent,
bonds; it has on short loan §250,000 legal tender;
it has jj&O.OuO m coin; and its circulation is
$800,000. In an adjoining district a bank with
$400,000 capital has more than its whole capital
invested in (Jmted States loans, and has a circu-
lation of §1,000,000. Such issues must inflate the
currency. The people will rim mad with specu-
lation, and in a few years :t general crash will
follow. My proposition would not reduce bank
profits below a fair gain. YVThile suspension con-
tinues they might hold, as they now have, their
whole capital in Government stocks, bearing at
least six per cent, per annum. They could have
the profits of a circulation equal to three fourths
of their capital, and bank on whatever deposits
they have. This would give them at least ten per
cent, interest, to pay their expenses and dividends
to stockholders. This is enough.
But I ought perhaps to say, before I close, to
my country banking friends that they need not be
alarmed. There -s no great prospect that we shall
return to the system I have indicated, nor do much
to protect the people from their own eager specula-
tions. When, a few years hence, the people shall
have been brought to general bankruptcy by their
unregulated enterprise, I shall have the satisfac-
tion to know that I attempted to prevent it,
TIIS REBELLION AXD THE PROCLAMATION.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Chairman, one of the
worst symptoms of the present times is the pre-
vailing intolerance of adverse opinion. Inflamed
by* the excitements of the times, men cannot con-
. ceive, or will notadmit, the possibility of anything
it pioposes to laise money to pay the pressing |l wise or patriotic which does not haonen to run
cents) due to depositors and gold-bearing bonds, ,! in she channel of their own thoughts! 'Difference
of opinion is held to be little less than treason. If
o.ie should happen to question the propriety of
any measuie of the Administration in the conduct
of the war, however he may be sustained by the
Constitution, thepreccdentsofpost timed, or sound
to redeem them short of that time. The only just-
ification for this change would be the expectation
of being able to pay in five years. He must be a
veiy hopeful man who can indulge that idea.
Another change, which seems to me equally
injudicious, was the allowing the holders of legal
tender notes to deposit them with the Govern-
ment agent at interest not exceeding five per cent.,
tind payable on call after ten days. This effect-
ually destroyed the hope of any very speedy eon-
veraion of them into bonds. A holder of them
would much prefer lending them on short call at
a. smaller interest, and wait for emergencies to
speculate, than to fund them in Government
stock. The consequence is, that while §80,000,000
have been deposited on short loan, only about
twenty millions have been invested in bonds. One
singular feature of this provision is, that when
^5J,000,000 or more of these notes are thus bor-
rowed byGovernmentjtheSecretaryof the Treas-
ury shall keep on hand §50,000,000 of legal tender
notes to meet the call, either by not issuing the
amount authorized, or holding others. It is, in
effect, the same as if the Government agreed to
take a loan of $50,000,000 at four per cent., and
keep it in their vaults without use until the lender
called for it; in other words, paying four per cent,
interest for the privilege of holding unused a
special deposit. How these short loans and the
pressing demands for other claims are to be paid,
at least after all the greenbacks are once issued, i
do not well see. Had they twenty years to run, I
should feel easy. These are the objections which
I have to the present system.
I will now briefly state the provisions of the bill
which I introduced. It was intended to restore
the law just to the condition in which it left the
House of Representatives, and nothing more.
The first section provides that the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay off and cancel all the five-
twenty bonds and all others whose interest is pay-
able m gold, and to exchange new bonds for them
on such terms as shall be agreed on, or pay them
in legal tenders.
Curtain money editors have professed to see in
this a violation of public faith, which promised
the payment in gold. Nothing is more false, it
proposed to lift these bonds, by negotiation with
the holders, at such rates as could be agreed on.
If the holder declined to sell, he would be entitled
to receive his interest in gold, according to the ori-
ginal contract. I suppose no man could be found
m this House base enough to propose repudiation.
None but a very stupid man could so misread the >
bill. True, it proposed to issue no more bonds
of ihat kind, and repealed the law authorizing it.
And yet it has been thought of sufficient import-
ance gravely to introduce the resolution here de-
claring in advance that we intended to make no
change in the law. What business has anybody
to inquire whether in our future issue of bonds we
intend to pay the interest in coin or legal tender?
It is enough for them to know that in contracts
already executed the Government will keep its
faith.
It further proposed to pay off the legal tender
interest-bearing deposits, and to repeal the law
suilioiizing such loan. It has turned out just as
tlie committee predicted, that such demand loan
lias prevented the conversion to any considerable
amount. While $80,000,000 of legal tender are
deposited on call,butabout$20,000,000 have been
invested in bonds. It is obvious that at that rate
the sale of bonds will aid but little in carrying on
the war.
It proposes to repeal the law requiring the pay-
ment of duties in coin, as well as the interest onfu-
turcissves of bonds, except one fifth of the amount
of duties. This is retained so rs to furnish the
Government with coin to defray the foreign diplo- i
niatu and consular expenses, and the charges of i
our courts in foreign ports, and the costs of desti- \
tute seamen. Thus the whole currency needed in j
thi3 country would be legal tender United States ;
notes. The bullion mongers would lose; the mcr- !
chants and Government would gain. j
Having restored the law to its original shape
ten nay due soldiers, and other oxpenees, '>y i?su-
' .^ j<"gal tender notes, not ^xe^eding fj'j0fs,i;"n0,000
beyond those already au'.honz"d. and to Usue :
$1,003,000,000 of bonds, bearing six per cent, in- j
terest, payable semi-annually m lawful money, I
reason, he is at once, in certain quarters, denou need.
as no better than a rebel, and unfit to be consulted
or trusted. If, on the other hand, he should ex-
press some sympathy for the President under the
weight which overloads him, and not bo willing
to breakdown the Administration, even at the sac-
rifice of the Constitution, he is in other quarters
denounced as an abolitionist and a conspirator,
aiding this Government in absorbing the rights of
the States and the liberty of the citizen.
The existence of parties taking different views
of public policy, as long as their debates are con-
ducted with moderation, is not to be lamented.
They arise from the different habits of thought
and the diversified interests of mankind,and must
exist wherever liberty of speech is notinterrupted.
They have their uses; they quicken and promote
investigation, detect and expose error, check and
moderate the excesses of opposing factions, and
tend to keep the ship of State on her true course.
In this country they have always existed; and
though their conflicts have always been waged
with earnest zeal, and not always with becoming
moderation, their disputes have been confined to
questions of administration unmarked by any rev-
olutionary tendency. Neither questioned the pa-
triotism of the other, but only its administrative
policy; and, however fierce their struggles, both
cheerfully submitted to the ballot-box. But these
times are revolutionary; parties are divided, not
on questions of policy, but on issues which in-
volve the existence of the Government itself. The
whole country is ruled and being ruined by fac-
tion. It was faction, urged by bad motives, which
organized abolition, and sent it forward on its
mission of discord; it was faction which planned
the rebellion, and has brought the whole South
under its despotic rule; it is faction which has
overshadowed the Administration with its baleful
influence, and is now molding the action of the
Government, overriding the Constitution and the
law, and fast bringing a great and magnanimous
people under its despotic sway. It is quite tiintu-
the country should be aroused to its real condi-
tion, and be made to appreciate the dangers which
environ its path. It is time that the conservative
voice of the country should make itself heard, and
its great energies should be exerted for the national
safety. Though one of the humblest members
of this body, 1 venture to-day to speak to these
issues,regardlessofthedenunciation which is sure
to follow, and of the proscription which may come.
I shall endeavor to expose the great wrongs which
have been and are being done, and their conse-
quences; and indicate what appears tome the only
remedy for existing evils. I agree with neither of
the factions whose machinations are now laying
waste the fairest inheritance given to man, and
probably shall be honored by the resentment, or,
if I do not rise to the dignity of their resentment,
the ridicule of both.
I have too often, and in too many ways, ex-
pressed my opinion of the oiganization, powers,
and objects of this Government, and of its rela-
tions to the States, to make it necessary that I
should do more on this occe.sion than to repeat
that in my judgment the secession of a State from
the General Government is not a right or a rem-
edy for anything under the Constitution. The
Constitution organized under one Government,
designed to be peipetunl, all the people of the Uni-
ted States,and maue them a nation; and it having
been accepted by the people of each State, in ac-
cordance with their then existing governments,
its powers within the grant are paramount over
States and persons, and cannot lawfully bo re-
sisted or renounced by the one or the other. All
attempts, therefore, of one or more States, or the
people thereof, to withdraw from or thiow off the
national authority, are simply revolutionary,and,
if maintained by force of arms, are treason in the
persons engaged. Upon the ground of constitu-
tional right, the ordinances of secession passed by
the people of insurgent States stand without the
slightest justification. Nor can these ordinances
be justified, or even excused, upon the ground of
rightful revolution. All will agree that passive
obedience is not the duty of a people under all cir-
cumstances. Causes may arise,and too frequently
do, which justify a people in throwing off an ex-
isting Government in an irregular way, and estab-
lishing another better adapted to secure their pro-
tection and happiness. The right of revolution is
the right of self-protection, which, in cass of abso-
