1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;M8S
great principle connccted with human progress
and the elevation of the race. The Federal Gov-
ernment made no such issue.
But it may be said in reply that the North was
notprepared for the great issue of freedom. True.
The work of secession began on the 26th of De-
cember, I860, by South Carolina, It went on
gradually for several months, until seven States
were declared out of the Union. There was at
the North a general and a deep conviction, at least
among politicians, that the breach mightbe healed,
and conciliation and compromise had many advo-
cates. But when, on the 12th of April, 1861, the
rebels opened theirguns on Fort Sumter, and com-
pelled its surrender, and when, especially after
the terrible disaster of Bull Run, on the 21st of
July, the people were awakened to the magnitude
and solemnity of the contest, the tide of public sen-
timent in favorofa vigorous and uncompromising
prosecution of the war rose to a great height, and
all ideas of a peaceful settlement of the affair were
given up. Political parties were overturned. We
wercaHDomocrats,all Republicans. General Fre-
mont was appointed to the command of the army
of the West, and entered upon his duties with
wonderful activity and energy. The civil war in
Missouri assumed the most terrific proportions,
and was prosecuted by the rebels with the great-
est ferocity. Underthese circumstances, General
Fremont issued his proclamation of freedom to
the slaves of rebels. That proclamation struck a
cord which vibrated through the nation, and, for
the first time, all classes and parties joined m a
general expression of approbation. Leading Dem-
ocratic or Opposition papers in New York, Bos-
ton, and other cities, gave their spontaneous and
hearty approval to the measure, and there seemed
to be but one opinion on the great question. This
was the spring-tide in the patriotic sentiment of
the nation.
"There is a tide in the affairs of men
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to fortune."
This was that very tide at its flood; this was the
happy yet critical moment in the history of the
rebellion.
The people were now ready for the issue of
freedom. But, alas, the proclamation of Gen-
eral Fremont, to the surprise and regret of all ex-
cept border State men and sympathizers with trea-
son, was not sustained by the President. It was
disowned and repudiated. This was the first overt
concession to the'rebels. It virtually admitted the
Frinciple that slavery was too sacred to be touched,
t was a ict.ograde step that encouraged all dis-
loyal men, North and South. It turned the tide,
which has continued to ebb and ebb from that pe-
riod to tins, and left us where we are to-day. It
began the great work of national demoralization,
and it has gone on until the very men who were
ready at that moment to sustain the proclamation
of Fremont, now clamor most vehemently against
the proclamation of emancipation which the Pres-
ident, at a late hour, has seen fit to issue.
This is the true state of the case. There never
was but one good and sufficient reason for this
war, and that was to put down slavery; for sla-
very had rebelled against the Government, and
the Government would only be restored by crush-
ing it
Mr. Speaker, had the proclamation of Fremont
been sustained, or had the Government, at that
early period, declared to the country and man-
kind that slavery should cease as fast as the na-
tional armies advanced, that loyal men should
be compensated for their slaves, and the disloyal
be deprived of theirs by confiscation, what a dif-
ferent attitude would the cause of the Union have
assumed in the eyes of Europe ! What universal
acclamation would have hailed the event! W hat
an outburst of hearty and generous sympathy from
all the fuends of freedom and human progress m
all quarters of the*globe !
Had the Government promptly announced its
stern determination that the cotton markets of the
world should be supplied by the labor of freemen
instead of slaves, that the fertile fields of Texas
should be consecrated to the cultivation of free-
labor cotton, and the oppressed people of Europe
invited to share m the profits of its production,
what a shout of applause would have arisen
throughout the civilized woild, and how eageily
would the Teutonic and Celtic races have rushed
to the field of conflict arid the scenes of their future
labors! Had this been done, no pirate AUbamas
would have left the waters of the Clyde to prey
upon our commerce. Had such a course been
taken, the people of the United States would this
day be rejoicing in the suppression of the rebel-
lion, the extinction of the great curse of human
bondage, and the restoration of the national unity.
And here I desire to say a few words to correct
a very common misapprehension in regard to the
termination of slavery. It seems to be confidently
assumed by those who desire such a result, that
slavery "has received its death-wound,"and that,
whatever the result of the present struggle, hu-
man bondage in this country must cease.
Now, it is quite otherwise. If the South is able
to gain its independence and pursue its own
chosen career, slavery will be made as perpetual
as the great national despotism formed to preserve
it. Nay, more, it is to be indefinitely and inimit-
ably extended; because, as I have insisted, the
opening of the slave trade is the most important
part in the programme of the confederacy. The
South abolish slavery when it has the whole mat-
ter in its power? By no means; and let those
who lay the flattering unction to their souls that
such is to be the case, dismiss the delusion for-
ever. •
So far from it being true that the rebellion will
result in the freedom of the slaves of this country,
if it succeed, it will depopulate Africa itself to
furnish the slave shambles of America. The plans
of the secessionists are upon the most gigantic
scale. They contemplate nothing less than a com-
plete monopoly of the cotton market, not only
for the present but all future time. If their in-
dependence is secured, all Mexico, all Central
America will soon be theirs; just as soon as they
can have a slave population wherewith to occupy
those vast regions. Afiica will be drawn upon
without stint or measure to supply the labor ne-
cessary for the execution of their scheme. The
pi ice of cotton will be reduced so low by the use
of these imported laborers, controlled and man-
aged by the skill, power, and capital of white mas-
ters and overseers, that the slaveholders may bid
defiance to all competition. They will have the
finest soil and climate for the growth of cotton,
and all the accessible maikets of the woild.
The people of the North, and they only, have
the power to destroy slavery on this continent.
If they are true to their own interests, and the
common instincts of humanity, they will do it;
if not, it will remain and be firmly established.
But it may be said that this is the language of
abolitionism. No, sir, it is the language of eman-
cipation, and between the two there is a broad
and generic difference which few persons seem
ready to understand or willing to recognize. The
abolitionist demands the freedom of the slave be-
cause it is his right, because his interests and best
good will thereby be secured. He looks directly
to the welfare of the slave, and professes to act
from principles of humanity and justice. The
emancipationist, on the other hand, demands the
extinction of slavery because the interests of the
white race require it. lie acts from what he
regards sound policy, lie insists that as there
are twenty-eight million whites, and only four
million blacks, whether it be for the good of the
latter to be made fiee or not. it is certainly for
the interests of the white man that he should be
so. lie insists that free labor shall not be com-
pelled to compete with slave labor anywhere; that
the whole territory of the nation shall be given to
freemen, instead of having the larger and more
fertile portion of it cultivated by human chattels.
This is the difference between the two classes so
often confounded; and while the number of aboli-
tionists is, and always has been, very small, the
party of emancipation is doubtless to-day in the
nunieiical majoiity in oil the free States.
It answers the purpose ofthe Opposition to con-
found the party of emancipation with the original
abolitionists ofthe North, and they are constantly
ungmg changes upon "abolition and abolition-
ists0," while they must and do know very weil tiiat
the distinction, so far as motive and principle are
concerned, is very broad and clear. Abolitionism
originated in a desire to promote the welfare of the
ne<*ro; emancipation, in astern resolve that the
interests of the white man and the Union of the
States should not be sacrificed to perpetuate and
extend slavery. One is founded on philanthropy,
the other on patriotism. One existed long anterior
to the rebellion, the other has been created by it.
General B. F. Butler was not an abolitionist be-
fore the war, but he is an earnest emancipationist
now. The same is true of thousands of our lead-
ing generals and statesmen, as well as the masses
at the North.
And now, sir, a few words as to our condition
and prospects. Clouds and thick darkness are
round about us, but let no man falter or despair.
We shall secure success as a nation when we de-
serve it; when we oppose to the rebellion a prin-
ciple in direct antagonism to that for which the
rebels are contending. Wo shall achieve victory
when our war-cry is "God and liberty!" My
firm belief is that Providence does not intend that
the people of the free States shall have any further
responsibility for or complicity with slavery; that
He does not design that we shall prosper in our
attempt to fight ourselves back into an alliance with
slaveholders; that He is determined to cut us off
from all connection with the guilt ofslavery, either
by the independence ofthe South, or the utter ex-
tinction ofthe institution by the power of ourown
arms. Of nothing do I feel more certain than the
entire impossibility of restoring national unity ex-
cept by the utter overthrow of slavery.
With this deep conviction, I hail with great
pleasure the proclamation to which I have just al-
luded; and it is my firm belief that if the North,
in one united phalanx, will come out earnestly and
heartily in its support, the great contest will yet
be closed successfully; we shall again be one peo-
ple, with more self-respect than ever before, and
enjoying more fully the respect of mankind.
1 do not despair of my country or its cause. I
have the honor to represent, in part, a State which
was the first to enter the field in the great contest
now going on, and which I am sure will be the
last to leave it.
She has already sent some ninety thousand men
into the public service, by land and sea; and, if
need be, to exterminate the curse of slavery, and
make the national domain free soil for free men,
she will send ninety thousand more.
So far as my own particular constituents are
concerned, I do not hesitate to declare that they
cmdially indorse the proclamation of emancipa-
tion; that they are in favor of the most vigorous
and persistent prosecution of the war, and utterly
opposed to all compromises and concessions what-
soever.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with this general and some-
what extended view of the immediate and chief
cause of the rebellion, I think we arc prepared
to appreciate the position of the Executive at its
commencement, and realize the embarrassments
in which he was involved. A rebellion for such
a cause as I have described must of necessity
assume a most violent and desperate character;
and, if successfully opposed at all, must be met
with energy and decision. The capital swarmed
with persons inimical to the Govei nment, treason
lurked m all the departments, and traitors blus-
tered in the streets, defying the civil power, and
communicating all its plans and designs to the
enemy.
Under such circumstances, what ought the Pres-
ident of the United States to dor Stand still and
allow the work of destruction to go on without an
effort to prevent it? Stand still and permit treason
to accomplish its horrid work ? Clearly, the Pres-
ident should do no such thing; and, in the faithful
discharge of his constitutional duties, he com-
menced the arrest of those who by their overt acts
gave evidence of their intention to aid in over-
throwing the Government. These he incarcerated
in the foi ts and prisons of the Republic. The. voice
of the nation ratified his doings. There could be
no objection,and amongst earnest and loyal men
there was no objection to this procedure on the
part of the President. Numerous arrests were
made. Many officers, of course, were employed
in making these arrests, and they acted, as under
such circumstances executive officers must act,
according to their discretion. That they might
err in judgment in ccrtain cases is very probable;
that they might incarcerate innocent persons is
very possible; but there is no good reason to be-
lieve that this was the case to any considerable
extent. Mistakes might occur, accidents might
happen, amid the hurry and excitement incident
to a state of war; but that there was any intention
to interfere with the liberty or rights of any loyal
citizen, no man who understands the character of
the President will believe.
