1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
We are called upon by this bill to indorse the
Executive, a,nd grant indemnity to him and those
acting under his orders. Does any honest man
doubt that we ought to do this? Nay, more, does
any one doubt that every consideration of duty,
every sentiment of honor, every dictate of patriot-
ism demands that we should pass this bill ? Should
we not shield from injuiy those who, in the dark-
est hour of our ad versity, were called upon to dis-
charge the most painful but imperative duties?
Certainly. No generous heart can feel any other
than sincere sympathy for public servants who,
in the exercise of theirappropriate functions, may
have incurred penalties or laid themselves open to
malicious prosecutions from those who if they had
their legal deserts would not now be in a position
to annoy and harass loyal officers of the Govern-
ment.
Sir, we have heard the President denounced ay
a " tyiant!" Abraham Lincoln a tyrant! Never
was there a greater misnomer. There is nothing
of the tyrant about him. His idiosyncrasies are
not in that direction. If in this matter he has
erred at all, the verdict of impartial history will
be, as 1 fully believe, that he was too lenient to-
wards political offenders.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that I have little charity
for those who are carping at the action of the Gov-
ernment towards those whose conduct has ex-
posed them to the suspicion of sympathy with
treason. True men aie seldom suspected. When
a Government is just and humane, when it has no
desire,as itcan have no motive, to persecute, when
it is even reluctant to arrest and punish the treach-
erous and disloyal, there is little danger indeed (hat
any innocent person will be oppressed; and if,
perchance, amid the turmoil and confusion inci-
dent to civil war, a few such should suffer, it is a
matter for which we may well feel regret, hut to
prevent ihc possibility of which we should never
imperil for a mo men t the existence of. i great nation.
Willi such views, i have no hesitation in giving
my hearty support to the bill as eminently proper
and strictly just.
Mr. YEA'M AN. Mr. Speaker, I do not un-
derstand the Senate amendment to be exactly a
bill of indemnity, as was the House bill. It is
less manly and straightforward than the House.
It proposes to do, in a circuitous expression and
dilatory way, what the House bill did m a tew
linos. The House bill plumply said the arrests
" shall be confii med and made valid ;" that those
who made them " are hereby indemnified and dis-
charged in respect thereof," and all actions, suits,
prosecutions, and indictments ba^ed thereon " are
hereby discharged and made void." It is easy to
undcistand that. We like the style, if not the
matter. I do not entirely understand the Senate
amendment. Like the interminable debates of
that body, that crowd the yeas and nays of the
House out of the Globe tor days at a tune, it is
preeminently muddy. What is an act of indem-
nity? It is a law* to dischatge from liability the
executive officers of a Government for acts which
it is admitted were done without the authority of
law. They are placed upon the idea that the emer-
gency was so sudden and the danger to the Gov-
ernment so great and impending that they could
not tarry for the forms of law. It is not pretended
this bdl is placed on that footing; and if it were,
is its scope justified by the facts5 If such a bill
were made applicable only to the States und dis-
tricts where the rebellion existed, where danger
fieicely threatened, thfio would be some reason
for it, and if well fiamcd much reason for it. But
is this the fact? On the contrary, it applies to
thirty-four States, when the fncK that could in any
degreejustify it did not exist in half that numbei.
in any form in which the bill can be presented
there are grave constitutional objections to it.
The acts of this kind of which we know most
were passed under a Government without a wi it-
ten constitution, and wheic the will of the legis-
lative body, which includes the kin<r, practically,
is omnipotent. There is no higher law of a funda-
mental character for it to violate. Of course the
king and his agents would al ways coincide in such
measures when the Parliament would pass them.
But how is it in this country? The riirht to
damages in consequence of the commission of a
tort is a vested right, though not a liquidated
claim. And can Congress divest any such right
by taking away the remedy? It is, to say the
least, very doubtful. I do not find it among the
enumerated powers, and do not very clearly see
its necessity or fitness in the execution of a given
power. It is clearly denied in the case of claims
arising ex contractu by the section prohibiting the
impaiiing the obligation of contracts, especially if
we accept the construction that the remedy is the
obligation. There isanotherviewofit. N o ex post
facto law shall be passed. This has been construed,
some think erroneously, to have application only
to criminal and penal matters, making that crim-
inal after the fact which was not criminal under
the law when the fact was done. A trespass, such
as malicious or false imprisonment, is clearly
criminal in its nature, and the wrong-doer is an-
swerable both criminally and civilly. Then ought
not the rule to work both ways? Can Congress
make that innocent which was criminal when
done, though they cannot make that, criminal
which was innocent when done? It is no an-
swer to say that this bill favors the citizen, while
ex post facto laws are against him. What citizen
does this bill favor? Favors the wrong-doer, and
injures the wronged man.
It is clearly unconstitutional in another point.
By what authority can a suit of this character be-
tween citizens-of the same State be transferred to
the Federal court, when the Constitution requires
that to give the Federal courtjurisdiction the par-
ties to the action must be citizens of different
States? Have gentlemen thought of that? And
what is the object of transferring them to the Fed-
eral courts? Is it to annoy and oppress the plain-
tiff, and wear him outwiih costs and delay? Oi-
ls it supposed that the Federal courts, from some
influence not yet mentioned or made patent, will
be moie apt than the State courts to lean to the
defendant and against the plaintiff? This would
be a foul imputation upon a class of men noto-
riously learned, upright, independent, and con-
scientious. So far from becommga plianttool in
this disreputable business, they will promptly dis-
miss the cases for the want ofjuusdiction.
And what are the defenses which this bill says
may be given in evidence under the general issue
which it allows the defendant to plead ? One is
that it was done "under the authority or order of
the Presidentof the United States." Great God !
what a magnificent stride that is ! What a prece-
dent for the security of the liberties of our chil-
dren! If I had three selves, and could putonein
the Executive Mansion, and one m the provost
marshal's office, and the other m this Ilall, 1
would not allow the "executive Government of
the United States" to accept such paltry service
at the hands of a subservient and absorbed legis-
lative. An "executive Government" that usable
to do these things ought to be able to take care
of itself, or else take care not to do these things.
A degrading spectacle, Mr. Speaker, is this bill.
And what is the other defense allowed ? " That
there was piobable cause for the arrest, impris-
onment, or other act complained of." Does this
change the common law? This piobable cause
j was always a good defense against a declaration
i of malice and conspiracy, provided the proceed -
| ings were legular, and either officer or citizen nlay
j arrest without warrant for a crime done in the
j view of the arresting party. Where the crime was
not done m the view, is this act intended to change
the common law, and make probable cause a just-
lhcation without a writ ? And whether it does or
not, what good does it do the defendant? Have
you not rather embarrassed him? There must
have been " piobable cause" foi theairest. This
probable cause is made out by evidence amount-
ing to a strong probability that a crime has been
committed. The court determines the probable
cause; or even if that be left as a question of fact
for the jury, they must find under a direction from
the court as to what makes a ci ime; and thus you
do by statute impose on the defendant the neces-
sity of showing that a crime, such as treason, or a
; conspiracy to levy wai, has been committed, un-
1 less you suppose the courts will prostitute them-
I selves to the dirty business of enlarging the moan-
! mg of piobable cause so as to make it include
j what aie called political offenses.
| I have treated the bill in its application to the
i Piesident and his subordinates. 1 object to it on
the score of public policy. There is no use for
it in the border States, where citizens and home
guardvS have made two arrests to one by Federal
officers. There will be no such suits there, or, if
any, the rebel* would soon get tired of it. For
my clients I would plead self-defense, and a crime
done in the view. I would prove the self-defense
by showing that the secessionists had disorganized
society, repudiated the Government, and boasted
that there was no longer any law or Constitution,
and that theirconduct put the lives and propeity
of loyal men in imminent peril; and that though
we may have slain them for many things they did,
we proposed only to restrain them until reason
resumed its sway. And I would prove the crime
by showing by the highest authority that to shout
for Jeff or the southern confederacy, or to wave
the emblem of the rebellion on the streets, is a
crime at the common law. Secession lawyers do
not socm to have thought of this; they will find
it out when they furnish an opportunity for the
investigation.
Mr. Speaker, I object to this bill, further, be-
cause it is lending the legislative sanction to that
enormous and fiightful centralization of power
that has been going on in this Government for
some months past; and because it is another ex-
ample of that wanton and shockingly indifferent
disregard of constitutional obligations and solemn
oaths.
Mr. Speaker, I have a thing to say, and I will
say if because it is true, and because I do pro-
foundly deplore it; and I will say it if the saying
procures me a complimentary through ticket to
Fort La Fayette before the going down of the sun.
It is that this Congiess and this Administration
have done as much to secure the success of the re-
bellion as the congress and the administration at
Richmond. Had Jefferson Davis been peimitted
to prescribe the courseof legislation here and proc-
lamations at the west end, I very much doubt
whether the programme would have been materi-
allydifferentfrom what has been done, unless, in-
deed, it would have differed in this, that the inge-
nuity of treason might have fallen short of what has
been voluntarily offered by malignant fanaticism.
Among other alaimmg indications of a settled
disregard of the forms of our Government and the
just division of its powers, and the prevailing ma-
nia for the assumption of all, and much more than
all, the powers of the Government by single
departments, was the attempt by a radical parly
m the Senate to disorganize the Cabinet and sub-
stitute another in its place, another that would be
a unit not so much for the Government as for the
party. And while 1 have admired the course of
the Executive in screening his official family from
the powers of impatient senatorial dignity, I have
also thought that possibly it was fit and consonant
with the nature of things that a President who had
gone outside the Constitution, and substituted
necessity for a rule of action, should be imperi-
ously lectured and authoritatively rebuked by the
representatives of a faction who htive mistaken
their hatred of a section foi love of the whole coun-
try, and who think patriots and Senators should
violate law because conspirators and traitors have
set them the example. It is at the same time a
remarkable indication of something, I scaicely
know whether of despair or profound and wicked
stiategy, that some of these abolition extermina-
tors, who have been unconditional in everything,
and especially in their refusal to listen to reason,
are now begging some foreign Power to throw out
a line that we may catch at it. I rejected their
advice when they deliberately proposed to aban-
don the Constitution as a rule of action, and now
1 i eject the screams of fear that escape them in the
spasms that just now piecede their party disso-
lution. I reject both, because the Constitution is
our sworn rule of action, and because I believe
that even in this dreadful emergency it is our suf-
ficient rule of action.
Mr. STILES obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, who moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion for a moment, to
enable me to suggest that before we adjourn it
will be better to postpone the fuither considera-
tion of this bill until half past two o'clock to-mor-
row, eo that it shall not come up until after the
morning hour.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move, then, to
postpone the bill until half past two o'clock to-
morrow.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 33, noes 70.
