150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
, and
times." The whole passage is instructive
I take leave to read it:
<4 The prevalence of Christianity and the progress of civ-
ilization have greatly mitigated the severity ot the ancient
mode of prosecuting hostilities. War is now an affair of
Governments. Itis the. public authority which makes and
carries on war. Individuals are not permitted to take part
in it unless authorized to do so by their Government, it
is a generally received rule of modern warfare, so far, at
least, aa operations on land are concerned, that the persons
and effects of non-combatants are to be respected. Ihe
wanton pillage or uncompensated appropriation of individ-
ual property by an army, even in possession of an enemy-s
country, is against the u^age of modern times. S uch a mode
of proceeding at this day would be condemned by the en-
lightened judgment ot the woikl,unless wariamed by spe-
cial circumstanced. Every consideiation which upholds
this sentiment, in regard to the conduct of a war on land,
favors the application of the same rule to the prions and
property of cuuensof the bctligcients (ound upon the ocean.
It is fair to presume that the strong dc.-ireto ameliorate the
severe usages of war, by exempting private propeity upon
the ocean from hObiile seizure to the extent itis usually ex-
empted on land, was the chief inducement which led to
4 the declaration by the congress at Paris that privateenng
is and remains abolished.' "
The Government of the United States did not,
at that time, give its assent to this declaration,
because it did not exempt private property at sea
from capture by public armed vessels as well as
by privateers. The matter still remained unset-
tled until the present Administration came into
power; and on the 25th of April, Mr. Seward, un-
der the direction of the President, instructed Mr.
Adams, our Minister to London, " to tender with-
outrcservation to Great Britain our accession, pure
and simple, to that declaration." Ihe President
thereby became committed to the proposition that
"the appropriation of individual property by an
army is against the usage cf modern times." The
proclamation is a clear invasion of this universally
admitted principle, and, in the emphatic words of
Mr. Marcy, is "condemned by the enlightened
judgment of the woild."
Mr. Chairman, the right to issue this procla-
mation is claimed for the President by virtue ot
some power inherent in the office ot Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy. It is not very
apparent how this pretension is reasoned out, and
those who assert it have not thought it worth
while to tell us. The President is able, I am sure,
to find no precedent for it in the acts of any of Ins
predecessors. We find no such thing in the Con-
stitution. That instrument declares he shall be
Commander-in-Chief, but it does not define his
powers and duties in that character.
A commander-in-chief of an army, is one hav-
ing supreme command of the land forces, and in
most Governments derives his appointment irom
the executive, and holds his place at the pleasure
of the power appointing him. The purpose of his
appointment is to execute the will of the Govern-
ment, through the agency of the army, according
to his instructions, the laws of the land, and the
laws of public war, so fur as applicable to the par-
ticular enterprise, lie is fully authorized, and it
ishis duty, first, to preserve and sustain the forces
committed to his charge, and to that end he may
seize and take food, clothing, shelter, or whatever
else is necessary for these objects, if they cannot
otherwise be obtained; second, to command and
lead them, and to that end he may enforce proper
discipline and indict such punishment, not for-
bidden by law, as may be necessary to secure
prompt obedience; and thirdly, to achieve and pie-
serve the objects of the expedition, and to that
end he may inflict upon the opposing power the
force required for these purposes, and, if neces-
sary, may establish temporary governments in the
conquered districts, until the civil power shall
provide for the contingency. His whole duty is
confined to these objects, and whatever he does
must be done strictly with reference to them.
Whatever retards or embarrasses the march of his
army, he may abate or remove; whatever is ne-
cessary to its subsistence arid protection, he may
take; whatever enables the force in front to keep
up the resistance, he may destroy. Rut his au-
thority is limited to these objects. He is not a
iaw maker; ha can make no rule but for the gov-
ernment of his army, nor for a wider space than
the extent of his own lines.
The Constitution, in designating the President
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, gave
no new or additional power to the latter office.
If the Constitution had empowered Congress to
appoint a commander-in-chief, and in the cxercise
of that power Congress had appointed the per-
son who for the time being happened to be the
President, the commander-in-chief so appointed
would have had the same power as now belongs
to that officer; or if Congress, pretermitting the
President, had designated a less exalted person,
that appointee, also, would have had the same
and no less power. The office of commander-
in-chief is not augmented in power because it is
created and the person to fill it designated bjfcthe
Constitution, nor because the person to fill it is
also the President. It can Borrow nothing from
the civil duties of the President; and when the lat-
ter comes to exercise its duties, he must, like &
more humble individual, confine his action within
the limits marked out by public law and the laws
of his own country. Indeed, as commander-in-
chief he is restrained within the limits of his
authority as President. "Whatever restrictions are
placed on him as President by the Constitution
are binding on him as Commander-in-Chief. In
both capacities he is bound by the mandates of the
Constitution. All legislative power granted by
the Constitution is vested in a Congress, and it is
made the President's duty to take care that the
laws are faithfully executed. He can make no
law, but must cause all laws to be respected and
obeyed; and, of course, obedience begins with
himself. This restriction and this duty are equally
obligatory on him as Commander-in-Chief. The
proclamation of the 22d Sep tember is legislative in
its character. It annuls valid laws; destroys mil-
lions of property, recognized and protected by
the Constitution and the laws; and decrees a new
social organization over a large part of the Repub-
lic, having no reference to the movement or safety
of the army, and no connection with the object for
which that army was brought into the field. No
intelligent mind can for one moment doubt that it
is beyond the power properly belonging* to the^
office of commander-in-chief.
All this, Mr. Chairman, is done, we are told, to
suppress the rebellion and to restore and preserve
the Union. " My paramount object in this strug-
gle,"said the President to his friend Greeley, 'is
to save the Union, and it is not either to save or
destroy slavery. What I do about slavery and
the colored race, I do because it helps to save this
Union; and what I furbeai, I forbear because I
do not believe it would help to save the Union."
And he repeats the same idea in the proclama-
tion.
My respect for the official and personal character
of the President obliges me to concede his sincer-
ity in this declaration; but yet itis hard to see
how a sane mind can, in view of all the circum-
stances, arrive at such a conclusion. The Presi-
dent excepted, I venture to affirm there is not a
man in America who believes that such was the
object, or will be the elTect, of the proclamation.
The men outside of the executive mansion who
tell us that slavery is the cause of the war, and
who (to use a coarse phrase, but one very descrip-
tive of the business) arc " egging" the President
on to the execution of this proclamation, know
that such will not be its effect. If the South went
to war to protect slavery when it was liotassailed,
who believes they will consent to peace when the
Commander-in-Chief proclaims its destruction ?
If they went to war on a vague apprehension that
at some time, or on some remote contingency,
their domestic security might be disturbed, does
any man believe they will lay down their arms
when their slaves, three million in number, dis-
tributed in every household, are incited and en-
couraged to insurrection and outrage? It is ab-
surd to think so. The South will never make
peace in the face of this proclamation. The war
on their part will become, has already become,
more remorseless and cruel. Every vestige of
loyalty will be extinguished, and these people
will lesist with the energy of despair. Exteimi-
nation alone will end the strife. Are any prepared
for that? Are there any so maddened by fanati-
cism, so insensible to the duties of patriotism, so
deaf to all the pleadings of humanity, so brutal- !
lzed, as to desire or be willing to wage a war of 1
extermination? I am sure the President is not.
But are gentlemen quite sure of success? Is j
there no danger we shall suffer in such a struggle ?
Twelve months ago, these doctrines began to be
pressed as the rule and object of the further pros-
ecution of the war, and by midsummer they had
assumed body and shape; up to that time we had
been successful, the rebellion was fastgivmg way.
I beg you to recall the events of the war since that
period. The siege of Richmond raised—the dis-
grace of Bull Run repeated—the valley of the Shen-
andoah reoccupied by the enemy, and Fredericks-
bur" become a shame to the American name!
The measures to which I have referred, and es-
pecially the proclamation, have put the Govern-
ment in a false position; and, if the war is to be
prosecuted for the abolition of slavery, in a grossly
wrongposition. The errorsand crimes of secession
will be vailed—by the greater crime of a needless
and disproportionate retaliation—and overlooked.
In such a war, the cause of constitutional free-
dom will not be on our side. The sympathies of
the world will not be with us; humanity and ail
enlightened civilization will condemn us; and^we
have no warrant to hope that the blessing of God
will follow our arms.
Do gentlemen suppose that the States of this
Union with institutions like those of the insurgent
States, and still loyal to the flag, will look on such
a war with indifference? Docs any one suppose
that when these States see the power of this Gov-
ernment exerted to its extreme limit, not to rein-
state the Union, but to destroy it; not to restore
the Constitution which our fathers made, com-
mended to our affections by so many glorious
memories, so just, so safe, so equal in the priv-
ileges it guaranties to each, so opulent of good to
all, but to establish a new Union, and dictate a new
Constitution which centralizes all power here, and
humbles the States into provincial dependencies,
they will aid this great wrong? Does any 011c ex-
pect that they will stand idle and unconcerned
spectators of this monstrous usurpation? Remem-
bering the declaration that this country must be
all free or all slave, when they shall see this proc-
lamation enforced, and shall hear the horrid wail
of the South over its burning homes and butchered
families, the work of an ignorant and savage race,
stimulated and encouraged by the declaration that
this Government will not interfere to restrain any
effort it may make for freedom, does any one be-
lieve they will feel no apprehension for their own
safety and take no means to preserve it? On all
occasions and in every form they have demon-
strated their hatred of the crime of secession, and
their attachment and devotion to the Government;
they are still animated by devoted loyalty; but it
is a fact, and ought not to be disguised, that they
are disappointed, alarmed, and are fast becoming
alienated; and if this Government shall persevere
in its fatal policy, no one can predict what may
be their course in future. I make no threats; I
mean no intimidation; but I cannot suppress ap-
prehension, and I dare not conceal the truth.
And aie gentlemen quite sure of the Army ? Does
it not think as well as fight? They are citizens,
not mercenaries. They have gone out to fight for
the Constitution and the Union. Do you think
they will be willing to fight for the abolition of
slavery and to break the Constitution ? Have no
murmurs reached you? Do you not hear the in-
quiry, what are we fighting for? Are there 110
desertions, no resignations? I warn gentlemen
to beware. That gigantic body, under the in-
fluence of these measures, will melt away, as snow
before the sun. Is it not melting now? What
means the steady stream that is setting across my
own State ?
And do the other loyal States view the course
of events with approbation ? The loyal people of
the great States of the North and West have an-
swered. They have taken their position. They
have condemned the change of policy, and pro-
scribed and dismissed its prominent advocates.
They have proclaimed the Constitution!
We who stand upon the Constitution have a
dangerous and difficult position. Whithei soever
we turn, we face an enemy. Butwhatthen? We
see nothing but impolicy and wrong in the leading
measures of the Administration, but are we thence
to be driven into the support of the rebellion? By no
means. Secession is no more correct and no more
tolerable than if it were not opposed by uncon-
stitutional means. Itis a wrong in itself, the great
wrong, the fruitful parent of ail the great wrongs
which have made and marked these terrible times;
and its projectors and leaders are justly responsi-
ble for all its consequences, direct and indirect.
If they had preserved faith with the Constitution,
there would have been no war, no sorrow, no want.
If its advocates had remained at their posts in this
and the other House, the fiend of abolition would
