1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
such a proposition has exploded. Even in the
discussion upon this bill, when originally intro-
duced by its author, [Mr. Stevens,] he said:
"But I was proceeding to say that T did not agree myself
that the Piesidcnt of the United States has tile right to*sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus except until the meeting of
Congress. Then it seems to me that wo would have "the
right to give him that power. As there has been an illegal
exercise of tiie power hefore, one arising from necessity, a
bill of indemnity is the proper remedy which has been
practicable for the Government where it has been neces-
sary for the Executive, for the safety of the country, to as-
sume the responsibility of acts not contemplated by the
Constitution."
Here is the argument for this unauthorized ex-
ercise of power. The President may do " acts
not contemplated by the Constitution," and Con-
fress may indemnify where personal liberty, the
earest and most sacred right of the citizen, lias
been denied.
* But, sir, aside from the question as to the power
of the President to suspend the writ, by what au-
thority does he make these arrests? By what law,
written or unwritten, docs this Administration di-
rect arrests and imprisonments at pleasure? In
States where no rebellion exists, where all courts,
Federal and State, are open to the Government
and individual, where trial by jury is allowed, sus-
tained and unchanged, can it be said that there
exists a necessity to change the whole adminis-
tration of justice? No necessity has existed from
the beginning of our troubles; none can ever ex-
ist while the war is confined to its present limits.
These encroachments have greatly weakened and
almost entirely shaken confidence in this Admin-
istration. Thepeopledonotbfclicvcthatthe Union
can ever be restored under its policy. They fear
that if the President is successful in his theory of
liberating the slaves and thrusting them upon us
of the North that the liberties of the white race
will be lost, and if this war is to be prosecuted
and ended over the fragments of a broken Con-
stitution, that the victory, if it shall come, will be
echoed amid the throes of the dissolution of these
States, bound together by a bond made for war,
for peace, for Union. We warn you now, as you
have been before warned, not to venture further
upon the rights of an incensed but forbearing peo-
ple. There is a point beyond which you cannot,
dare not go. You have heard but have not heeded
the mutterings of the storm which will break upon
you if you insist upon forcing upon us this bill,
and the kindred schemes now attempted to be
passed by this Congress. Sir, the colonies com-
plained in the Declaration of Independence against
the king, and in the catalogue of charges in that
instrument they charged, as one of the gravest
reasons for independence, the following:
" For depriving us in many case1* of the benefits of trial
by jury.
u Foi transpoithigusbcyondseastobe hied for pretended
offenses."
These and other causes assigned caused them
to declare that—
"A prince whose character is thus marked by every act
which may define a tyrant, is unlit to be the ruler of a free
people."
The history of the past and present is, that
power is always grasping, and always seeks and
struggles to extend its dominion. Useldom keeps
within prescribed limits. Tim Government hap-
pily has confined each branch within proscribed
limits by its Constitution; and when the execu-
tive branch breaks over all barriers, restraints,
and provisions of that instrument, the people may
again declare against such abuses of power. Rep-
resenting a people who love liberty and hate op-
pression, 1 owe it to them, to myself, to my State,
to oppose to the last this and every other meas-
ure that tends to wen ken their confidence in a Gov- >
emment that has always commanded their sup-
port, and which now, with all its glorious past and
once hopeful future, is threatened by tiie spoiler
with destruction.
I have no hope, sir, that anything that can be
said will change the policy inaugurated from the
beginning. The voice of minorities is seldom
heeded—never in this Congress. Our only right '
has been to be voted down. This we have never j
been denied. You have persistently adhered to |
a policy that has brought ruin upon the country, ]
defeat to your Army, and icndered a reunion of j
the States almost hopeless. You have scorned
public opinion that has come up to you ftom the
populous central and western States condemning
yourabohtion policy. The same sentiment which
has come to you through the recent elections per-
vades in the Army. All arc alike unheeded. You
have attempted to free the negro, and have thereby
almost lost your own freedom. You are not for
a restoration of the Union, with the rights of the
States as they were; but an acknowledged leader,
my colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] occupying the most
responsible position here, and necessarily high
in the confidence of this Administration, and one
who, I presume, does much to shape its policy,
in his remarks upon the bill mutilating the State
of Virginia, uses the following significant lan-
guage:
**I say, then, that we may admit West Virginia as a new
State, not by vhiueofany provision oftlic Constitution, but
under our absolute power which the laws of war give us in
the cueumstanees m winch we are placed. I shall vote for
thi.'bill upon that theory, und upon that alone ; for I will not
stultify myself by supposing that we have any warrant in
the Constitution for this pioceeding.
"This talk of rtMOiiug the Union as it was under the Con-
stitution as it is, i* one of the absuuhtics which I have heaid
repeated until I have become about sick of it. This Union
can never lie restored as it was. There an; many things
which render such an event impossible. This Union shall
never with my consent be restored under tiie Constitution
as it is with slavery to be protected by it."
Under the policy declared in the Crittenden res-
olution your Army was raised. They were led
to believe it was a war to restore, not to destroy.
All your love for the Union has been exhausted,
and now it is openly proclaimed that the Union
shall never be restored " under the Constitution
asv it is."
You have inaugurated another system, which
will find no favor with the people, who are now
overburdened with unequal and onerous taxation,
i refer to "compensated emancipation;" one bill
giving $10,000,01)0 to free the negroes of Missouri,
which has already passed this House, and has
been amended in the Senate, increasing theamount
to $20,000,000. This iniquity to add to the taxa-
tion of the country will be repudiated and con-
demned with the rest of your abolition pro-
gramme. Complaint is made here that you are not
sustained by the people. The people are seldom
wi oiiy;, and always make haste to coirectabuses.
Your President was elected by a popular mi-
nority, upon a platform which the people then be-
lieved you would carry out when you declared—
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the States,
and especially tin: i ight of each State to oidei and contiol
its ovvh domestic institutions, aceoi ding to its own ludsrment
exclusively, is essential to that balance of power on which
the perfection and endurance ot our political faith depends,
and we denounce the lawless invasion by aimed force ot
any State oi Teintory, no matter under what pretext, as
among the giavest ofeiiiues."
In your administration of afTuirs you have to-
tally disregarded this solemn pledge to the peo-
ple. The President, upon entering the office he
now fills said:
" I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery m the States when-it exists.
I believe I have no lawful light to do s,o, and I have no in-
clination to do so."
In his policy he has violated every word of that
declaration. You must not complain if the peo-
ple adhere to the rule, trust not him who hath
once broken faith."
My colleague, [Mr. Wright,] in a speech lately
delivered in this House, said:
"The gentleman tioni Ohio [Mr. Vaix^nhioham] has
alluded to the i< suit of the late elections as though that es-
tablished a peace policy. J assure the gentleman, if he en-
feitaius th.it idea, that nevoi was mortal man mote mis-
taken on earth Th" 151 rat change in public opinion, as
evidenced in the^e elections results, m my opinion, fiom a
want ol en.ifaience in tlx: manner m which the war has been
conducted, and the bhuidei - ot the Admnn.-tiation. The
peoplcot this eouutiy have not abandoned the idea of sav-
ing then* country, hut they have adopted the idea of chang-
ing their rulers/There ha's been no victory, so far as I un-
derstand it, in the State ot Pennsylvania that lias been
achieved upon a punciple hostile to the maintenance of the
Government by a vigorous piosecution oi the war. X leain
h\ all th'* spf,e< hes made by .Mr Seymour, of New York,
both betoie and since his election, that he speaks unqual-
ifiedly in favor ot a vigorous pio<ecution of the war. 1 do
not believe that any man could maintain a politic.d posi-
tion in Pennsylvania foi a dav\ who would doeiaic htmsclf
in favor of peace on any teinis, whether with the Govern-
ment bioken or witii the Government supieme, No, sir;
tnu change of punciph's evinced fn* the late elections Ims
been e.niscd in the untoitunate failuu m the conduetofthe
wat; because never was a war so bunghngly managed from
the time of Alexander the Great down to the time of the
gicat Napoleon.51
While I agree with my colleague as to the con-
duct of the war, I am not prepared to agree with
him as to the meaning of the late election in my
own State. The policy of the Administration was
condemned; the object of the war was a question
before them. The emancipation proclamation was
fresh before them. Itentered largely into the can-
vass. And I may here venture to say that every-
where the question of peace, mediation, and ces-
sation of hostilities was more or less discussed. I
am not the advocate of a dishonorable peace that
would bring to the cheek the blush of shame; but
there is a sentiment growing, spreading, and en-
gaging the, attention of the country, for a lasting,
permanent peace, peace and union; not disband-
ing the Army and surrendering up the Govern-
ment; but if to continue war is to abandon all hope
for restoration; if the object of the war is under-
stood to be that there is to be no cessation until
the last negro is made free, then I have reason to
know that peace is desirable as against such a pol-
icy. My colleague may never have heard it, but
there is a determined, open opposition to the under-
stood objects and purposes of the war. I go further
in declaring it to be the convictions of my judg-
ment that now, with all the lights that we have
before us, the people prefer peace if that object can
be honorably gained.
" A peace is of the nature of a conquest;
For then both paities nobly are subdued,
• And neithei paity loser."
I have reluctantly referred to my colleague's
remarks, but I differ with him entirely as to the
sentiment of our prople.
Mr. Speaker, we are rapidly approaching the
last day of this Congress. Its proceedings will
soon be a part of the history of this nation. The
President m his message to us this session says
that (i we cannot escape history. We of this
Congress and Administration will be remembered
in spite of ourselves." These words are fitly
spoken. Neither the Administration nor Congress
can " escape history." If there be a wish to
escape, it will be a pitiful delusion. We will all
be remembered. In the Boston Daily Courier of
February 13, 1863, 1 find the following, said to
have been uttered by Daniel Webster. Whether
it is properly accredited to him I do not know and
will not vouch. Its truth, nevertheless, cannot
now be questioned:
"If the infernal fanatics and abolitionists ever get the
powei in their hands, they will over-ride the Constitution,
s(-t the Supreme Couit at defiance, change and make iaws
to suit themselves, lay violent hands on those who differ
with them in their opinions, or d.ire question theii imalh-
hihtv, and finally bankrupt the country, and deluge it with
blood."
Whoever is the author, he is at least entitled
to some notice as a prophet.
The proceedings of this Congress have failed
to meet public expectation. The people believed
that your labors would end with some hope of a
speedy restoration of this Union. That hope, I
fear, though hoping still, will never be realized
under tins Administration. They had fondly
hoped that before we separated we might cany
with us to our constituents words of hope, at
least, that our legislation and proceedings looked
to a Union of all the States restored under the
Constitution, and that the day was soon to dawn
when we could look upon a Union
" Unbroken ns the sacred chain of nature,
Tfiat links the jarring elements in peace."
I must return to my people saddened with what
I have here witnessed, and which has engaged
my closestattention, with no well-giounded hope
as to the future. The dangers and "destiny of this
great nation and people we cannot foretell.
Sir, the highest, the only aspiration I have, is
to see the Union restored. If it could be done by
sacrifice, no one would be more ready to make it,
if it could be done by compromise, mediation,
that blood would cease to flow, and friendship,
love, and peace could take the place of hate, re-
venge, war, and desolation, I would do it now.
If I could restoieto the desolate hearthstones and
fitesides the gallant men who are enduring all the
hardships incident to such a war, and could bring
back the long absent son to those who now " re-
fuse to be comforted;" if I could assuage "the
gnef that does not speak," I would do it now.
Mr. Speaker, the late hour to which this day's
session has been extended, and the desire to ad-
journ so prevalent among us all, induces me to sur-
render the floor,and yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I meve that the
House do now adjourn.
