THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•February 19.
of the Army; one lieutenant colonel; two majors,
who shall be inspectors; and for each army corps
or military department there shall be one captain
and as many lieutenants, not exceeding eight, as
thePresident may deem necessary, to be appointed
by the President, by and with the udvice and con-
sent of the Senate, who shall receive the pay and
emoluments of cavalry officers of similar grades;
and for each officer of the signal corps there may
be enlisted or detailed one sergeant and six pri-
vates, who shall receive the pay of similar grades
of engineer soldiers; but no officer or enlisted man
is to be allowed to serve in the signal corns until
he shall have been examined and approved by a
military board to be convened for that purpose by
the Secretary of "War. The officers and enlisted
men thus provided for are to be subject to the
rules a(td articles of war. They may be mounted
%pon horses, the. property of the United States,
and shall serve in any military departmcntor with
any forces to which they may be ordered. Offi-
cers of the Army who may be appointed in this
corps may, after the rebellion, be restored to their
respective regiments or corps, and receive the
same rank and promotion as if they had contin-
ued to serve therein. There arc to be appointed
in the office of the signal officer two clerks of class
two. In selecting officers and men for the oigan-
Jzation of the signal corps, pieference is to be
given to such as have served faithfully, or as are
now serving, in the acting signal corps. In order
to allow time lor their thorough examination, the
President'may appoint the officers authorized by
the act during the recess of Congress; which
appointments shall he submitted to "the Senate at
their next session for their advice and consent.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for n third reading, read the third
time, and passed,
EMMA fUXMCK.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 535) for the relief of Emma L. Fuller.
It will take but a minute to pass it, I think; and
when I make a statement to the Senate I think
everybody will agree that I have done right in
asking it to be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope so.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
535) for the relief of Emma L. Fuller was read the
second time, mid considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Emma L. Fuller,
widow «f Arthur B. Fuller, late chaplain of the
sixteenth regiment of Massachusetts volunteers,
upon the pension roll at the rate of twenty dollars
par month from December 11, 1862, to continue
during her widowhood.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, this bill was re-
ported by the Committee on Pensions. 1 have
asked the pleasure of the chairman of that com-
mittee to call it up and present it to the Senate. I
am told by Senators about me that the bill will
pass if I do not say anything. 1 cannot, however,
forbear on this occasion to bear my testimony to
the eminent worth of Rev. Arthur B. Fu iler, whose
widow now asks for this pension, and to lay be-
fore the Senate his short, brief history as connected
*with the war.
He was a chaplain of (he sixteenth Massachu-
setts regiment, and was with that regimenttlnough
all the campaign m the peninsula. lie broke
down in the last stages of thai campaign by dis-
ease, and returned to ins family in Massachm-etts,
where he was very severely and dangerously ill, but
afterwards recovered so as to be able again to take
the field, though with some doubt on'the part of
his physicians whether he could remain there or
not; but he was so patriotic that he determined
he would try. He went again to the field and to
his regiment, and there, after a service of « few
weeks, he broke down partially again, so far as
to demonstrate that it would be entirely imprac-
ticable and dangerous for him to remain m the
6eld. He thereupon, with leaveof his commander,
came to the city of Washington to see if the Gov-
ernment would employ him in some service where
he could be properly housed and have regular diet,
so that he might remain in the son ice of the coun-
try. He made his application to the Surgeon Gen-
eral and also to the Piesident of the United States,
and they assured him that he should have employ-
ment, and upon the interference of the sanitary
commission he was designated to be the chaplain
of the convalescent camp over in Virginia, a place
for which he was eminently fitted, and to which he
gave his assent. But it was found necessary that he
should resign his place in the volunteers before he
could thus be assigned by the President, tie de-
clined at first to resign. He did not wish to re-
sign. He desired to keep his place, and he said
to me, " Mr. Clark, before 1 will resign and go
out of the service, before I will go home, 1 will
go to my regiment and I will die in the service."
The President assured him that he should have
that place, that he should not be obliged to go
home; but knowing that the fight was to come off
at Fredericksburg, he said to me, " I will not re-
sign now; I will go back to my legiment, I will
be witli my regiment through that fight, and I will
resign there and leave them without such appar-
ent hardship as I should do if 1 resigned now."
Pie went back to his regiment to stay with them
some days, but on the 10th day of December Ust,
under a certificate of disability, he was discharged
from the Army as chaplain.
On the next day, the veiy next day after he had
resigned, when the Government called for volun-
teers to go across to displace the riflemen from the
rifle pits on the otherside, this patriotic and heroic
chaplain asked permission of one of the captains
of the nineteenth regiment of Massachusetts to
take his gun, discharged though he was, and go
with those volunteers. The captain gave him per-
mission; he seized his gun, he went over with
those volunteeis, and the next that was known of
him he was picked up dead in the streets of Fred-
ericksburg, shot down in the discharge of his
duty, and the next I saw of the patriotic chaplain
he was embalmed among the dead.
Mr. President, 1 have a reason for calling the
attention of the Senate to this heroic man. He
was for many years my minister. I knew him
intimately; 1 knew him well; and a more sincere
Christian, a moie patriotic man, a better man,
scarcely ever lived, and 1 take pleasure m asking
the Senate to put the name of a widow, whom he
has left with three small children, upon the pen-
sion roll of his country.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a this ct
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SIMON AND EMANUKL BAMBEUGKR.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (I-I. It. No.
709) tor the benefit of Simon and Emanuel Bam-
berger, have instructed mo to leport it back, and
recommend us passage; and I ask leave of the
Senate to take it up now. Jt is a very shoit bill,
which was passed unanimously by the House of
Representatives, and i am sure there will be no
objection to it here.
l3y unanimous consent, the bill was considered
an in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
empower the President of the United States to
grant lemission of the forfeiture of a lecogmzance
acknowledged and taken before Hon. Bland Mal-
lard, judge of the United States court for the
district of Kentucky, whciem Ilemmen Pranks
is piincip.d in the sum of £5,000, and Emanuel
Bamberger and Simon Bamberger his sureties in
the sum of $2,500 each, on which forfeiture and
subsequent proceedings theivou separate judg-
ments have been rendered against Emanuel and
Simon, and executions therefor are now in the
hands of the marshal, Ilemmen Franks having
been hrretofoir pardoned by the Piesident from
the cluuge on which the recognizance was taken.
The bill was reported to the Senate, oideied to
a thiid reading, read the third lime, and passed.
HILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to intioducc a lull (S. No.
54-i) to piovide for the collection of abandoned
property, tor the purchase of staples, and for the
prevention of frauds in the uismreouonai y dis-
tricts within the United States, which was read
twice by i!s title, referred to the Committee on
Commeiee, and otdered to be printed.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
547) in leiation to liie swamp lands in the State of
California; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
GAUGE OF PACIFIC KAJLKOAD.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas, I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate passed the bill (S. No. 483) to establish the
gauge of the Pacific railroad and its branches.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
will be entered.
The bill having been sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, the Secretary was directed to request
its return to the Senate.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
362, which is the bill for the discharge of political
prisoners. I trust the Senate will take it up and.
dispose of it. It has been discussed repeatedly in
the Senate, and 1 am anxious that it shall be taken
up and voted on. ^
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 362) to provide for
the discharge of State prisoners and others, and
to authorize the judges of the United States courts
to take bail or recognizances to secure the trial
of the same, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Poweli. fo strike out the third
section of tiie bill in the following words:
Sec. 3. Jhul be itfurther cnactcd, That it is and shall be
lawful torthe President of the United States, whenever,
Congress not being in session, and, in fus judgment. by i ca-
pon of '* lebelhon or in vat ion, the public safety may lequire
it," to suspend by pioclamation the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus in all cubesot political offences tlnoughout the
United rttatcb, or m any p<ut thereof, until the meeting of
Congress thereafter; and whenever and wheiever thebaic!
wiit shall be suspended asafote&aid, it shall be unlawful for
any of the judges ot the several couitsof the United Stales,
or of aay State, to allow said writ, as to such offenses, any-
thing in this act or ni any othei act to the contiary notwith-
standing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not prevail; but whether it prevails or not,
1 have had printed and laid on the desks of Sen-
atoi s an amendment which I intend to piopose as
a substitute for the w hole bill. It does not differ
matenaily fiomthe bill as it has been amended in
the Senate,except m regard to this third section.
Theie is an important difference in the amendment
1 shall propose from the third section as it stands
in the bill, and there is also some change in the
phiaseology of the bill. It is made a little more
specific, in some respects, in the amendment I
intend to offer. But I hope the Senate will not
strike out the third section of the original bill.
That section provides that the Piesident of the
United States shall have authority to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus until the meeting of Congress
in case of invasion and insuirection. I am will-
ing the vote shall be taken upon it without debate.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. TheChair wili
suggest to the Senator from Illinois that it willbe
in order to offer his amendment as a substitute for
the whole bill at the present time, and then both
the original bill and the substitute will be open to
amendment by way of perfecting them. It is in
order to present it now, and have it read at this
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I present the amend-
ment of which I gave notice, and which has been
printed and laid on the tables of Senators, as a
substitute for the whole bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois, ns a
substitute for the whole bill, will now be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I iiope that Senators will
turn their attention to it.
The Secretmy lead the amendment, to strike
out -ill of the original bill, after the enacting clause,
:v ■> lo insert (he following in lieu thereof:
Thai, dining lite present rebellion, the P  evident of the
Omul Static," whenevei m hi-? judgment the public safety
may lequire it, i- authouzed to suspend, by pioclamation,
the piiviiec^ ot the wut of habeas corpus, m all ca-.esi of
political ofTen^e.., throughout the tinned States, or anypart
thereof. And whenever and wherever the said puviJeges
•Miali be suspended, a* atotesaid, no nnhun oi othei officer
■shall bo compelled, in answer to any wiit of habeas ro  jm?,
to return the body of any pcison or pci-ons detained by him
by authority of the President; but upon the certificate, un-
dci oath, of the officer having charge of anyone so detained,
that ^iieli poison i-; detained by hnn as a political pinoner
or a< a pnsoner of war. under aurhonty of the Pn'Mdent.
further ptocmUngf" under the wiit ot hubeascoipis .>tjall be
suspended by the judeo oi court havincr iss-ned the said writ
m> long as said pioclamation shall iemaiii in fojee and said
lebelhon continue.
Skc. 2. Jind be il ftuthvr cvauaU Thai the Secretary of
State and the Secretary of War be, and they nre hereby,
directed, as soon as may be practicable, to iurnlsh to the
judges of the circuit and'tTistnct courts oi' the United States
and of the Disttiet of Columbia, a list of the names of ait
persons, citizens of States in which the administration of
