154:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
surance that it was hers,even through childhood.
It is this which has made you poor, notwithstand-
ing your mineral deposits, your rivers, and your
vast agricultural resources. You have made the
negro a curse to you; for God never permits a
great wrong to go unpunished.
"When, in another year, Congress assembles in
these Halls, there will be no pictures drawn such
as the gentlemen have furnished us with, of homes
desolated or destroyed, women ravished, masters
murdered by slaves converted into freemen, and
grateful for the greatest blessing of life. The voice
of thanksgiving and praise will come from every
heartto whom freedom has been given. It will
come from the white man as well as the freed
slave, in tones of praise and hallelujah.
There is, however, one thing the people of the
rebellious States have to guard against. Of that
they must beware. Let them not undertake to re-
enslave the freed men that the President of the
United Slates delivers by hisproclamation, or woe
may betide them. Let them not thus invite the
horrors of St. Domingo. The voice of history
admonishes them fully on this point. If they do,
it will be their act, and not the President's or ours.
He will make them free, and they will rejoice m
their freedom, and be humbly grateful. Not in
the hour of joy and'gratitude, and when singing
praises for their delivercnce, is the tiger let loose
m man. As God will have wrought this change,
He will guide it. But let man attempt to reverse
His Providence, and who shall answer for his
folly ?
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. COX, who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So thecommittee rose; and Mr. Wilson having
taken the chair as Speaker }>ro tempore, Mr. Mal-
lory reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,%and
particularly the joint resolution (H. R. No. 30)
to test Sanderson's breech-loading cannon, and
had come to 110 resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD, (at
a quarter to four o'clock, p. 111.,) the House
adjourned. 
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 23, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
■VESSELS FOR THIS BANKS EXPEDITION'.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communications, which were read:
War Departmfvt,
Washington City, December 19,1862.
Sir : In answci to the resolution oi the Senate of the lbth
in&tant, in relation to the trails-port vessels Timing and Ni-
agara, t have tins honor to slate—
1. That Major G<>neial Banks was authoiized to procure
tran>poits for his expedition tiom C. V.iudeibilt, Esq., of
New Yoik. Having no official report from the gcncuil on
the subject, 1 pi equina the vessels, named weie furnished
by Mr. Vandeibilt, but will as soon as possible prociue ail
official repott res-pcetiug the puce and terms oi chaiterand
other particular.-.
2. I am unofficially informed that the hulls of the vessels
were inspected and reported upon by CoramodorcG. J. Van
Brunt, and that the entries wuie inspected by C II. Har-
well, ioimerly engineer-in chief' of the Navy, selected foi
that purpose by Major General Banks.
The fitting out of the expedition being under the imme-
diate 2 upcivi5ion oi Genera! Bank-, with full discretionary
power vested m lum,the Department cannot communicate
fuller mfoimation until a lepoit, which has been called for,
fchall be made.
X have the honor to be your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary oj War.
Hon. H. Hamlin, Prcsidcntof the Senate.
New York, December 19, 18G2.
Sir: We notice in the published proceedings of the Sen-
ate on the 18th instant a resolution of inquiry as to the chat-
tering, for the Banks expedition, of the tiansport vessels
Thames and Niagara.
from repoits cucuiated in the newspapers, we presume
that this mquiiy is directed on the supposition that these
vet>5>«*ls were unfit for the putpo^es of tin- expedition.
We are the owneis of the Thames, and bcin? unwilling
to rest for a moment undei the imputation eonvejed by
the resolution, we beg leave, tespeetJuily, to state to you
and to the Senate the (acts in rereicnee to this vessel.
The Thames is a new steam vessel, of the burthen of
about G14 tons. She was launched in the spring of the
pic-^ent j ear, 186*2, and was lirushed about the 1st of June
ia-st She is of the best materials with frame planking and
fastening equal to a gunboat. Her engines and machinery
were entirely new, and were made and put in by k. H.
Delamater, of tins city, one of our best machinists. The
boat, immediately on her completion, was taken into the
Government service as a transport, and was employed in
the Chesapeake during the campaign on the peninsula.
She was purchased by us on her return from that service
for the China trade, after thorough examination, for the
purpose of satisfying ourselves as to her having the strength
and capacity for a voyage of ten thousand to eleven thou-
sand miles in the winter season. It was our intention >to
have sent her to China this month, and had no expectation
of her being required or sought after for any other service.
The exigencies of the Banks expedition led to her tempo-
rary employment by the Government. It appears that some
accident, which, as far as we can learn, is a breakage of
the rock shaft of her engine, (an accident to which every
steam vessel is liable,) made it necessaiy for her to put
into Port Royal. The notion that she was an old, worn-
out, or improper vessel, which has sprung from the reports
of newspapeis, and to which some color is given by the
pioceedinga of your honorable body, is without foundation,
and does the greatest injustice to the vessel and to her
owners.
Any further information which may be required by the
Senate on this subject, we shall be glad to furnish ; and,
as an act of justice to ourselves, a*k that this communica-
tion may be received, and placed on the files.
We are, with high respect, your obedient servants,
' PERCIVAL L. EVERETT,
RUSSELL 8TURGES,
MOSES TAYLOR,
HENRY W. HUBBELL.
Since writing the foregoing, a communication, of which
the inclosed is a copy, has been leceived from the build-
ers of the vessel.
II. W IT., and others.
To the President of the Senate of the United States.
Mystic Bridge, Connecticut, December 19,1862.
Gentlemen : Will you please insert the following card
in your paper, in vindication of the present owners and
buildcis of the steamoi Thames, as v e think the report of
your Poit Royal conespondent, in your u«ue of the 18th
instant, is calculated to do injuf-tioe to the present owners,
as well a« the builders of that vessel ?
The steamer Thames was buiit at Mystic Bridge, Con-
necticut, in 1802, by George Gieenman & Co., engine and
btnler by the Delamater lion Works, in a thorough and sub-
stantial manner, intended as a single deck vessel, with deck
inclosed to eariy ireisnt and passengers. Byexaminingthe
American Lloyd's Register, it will be been that the Thames
rates A 1J, (veiy few steameis late better,) with sufficient
canvas to reach port, in case of bieakage ot machineiy,and
was inspected m New Yoik m Maich, JS6'2. In regaid to
I the lepoit of the " board of putvey,1' they could not have
i had refeienee to any part of the vessel but the upperdeek,
! which might all be icmoved, and still the vessel would re-
main peiiectly tight and safe to circumnavigate the globe,
as she was solid—built to the upper deck foiward and aft
and amidships to twenty inches above lower deck, and
heavily plank- sheared above that, thus preventing any dan-
ger fto'm fiacture of upper deck, which was built m the
i usual manner as vessels of her elac*. She was not u has-
tily or cheaply constructed^* as will appear by Lloyd's sur-
vey, which wV think is as good authoutyas a boaid of sur-
vey at Port Roval.
We feel satisfied that an unbiased and intelligent examin-
ation will fully justifv both the builders and the present
owneis fiom any design to impose upon the Government,
oi endanger the lives or property of any one.
Youis, truly,
GEORGE GREENMAN & CO.
To the Editors of the New Yoik Tunes.
Mr. GRIMES. There is ceitaiiily a very great
diversity of opinion, in the minds of nautical men,
on the subject of the seaworthiness of those ves-
sels; and 1 think it is duo to the men whose lives
are risked upon them—it is due to the public ser-
vice—that there should be some thorough investi-
gation into that subject. I therefore move the
adoption of the following resolution: to appoint,
by the Chair, a committee of three, with power
to send for persons and papers, to inquire into all
the facts connected with the chartering of those
vessels, and as to whether they had received that
examination as to their seaworthiness and capa-
city for sea service, as the usages of the Depart-
ment and the laws of Congress require.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolrcd, That a select committee of three members be ap-
pointed to inquire into and if port to the Senate the facts in
legard to the chartering of tiair-pott vessels for the Banks
expedition ; the seaworthiness ofsuch vessels ; the chaiac-
! tei of the men employed to navigate them ; and that they be
J empowered to send tor peisons and papers.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
! jection, the resolution will be considered at the
: present time. The Chair hears none,
j Mr. HALE. I suggest to the Senator from
I Iowa, who has taken the subject into considera-
i tion—and I am glad of it—whether it would not be
as well to enlarge the scope of that inquiry in re-
l gard to the manner of chartering vessels for these
! expeditions. I am told that there has been paid
1 in Boston, and I do not know but elsewhere, a
j brokerage equal to ten per cent, for chartering ves-
j sels for our water expeditions; that the charge has
; been enormous, and that they have been m the
! habit of paying this brokerage monthly; that is,
where they hired a vessel say for $3,000 a month,
they paid the brokers ten per cent, a month on
the charter. I have heard of cases—I do not say
they a*e true, but I think it ought to be inquired
into—where agents of the Government have gone
to a merchant and wanted to get a ship of him, and
would not buy it because he would not ask as
much as they wanted to give. For instance, he
asks $24,000 for his vessel, and they will buy it
if he will ask $27,500, out of which the broker-
age is to be paid; and because he would not ask
three or four thousand dollars more for his vessel
than it was worth, he could not sell it, and they
went to some merchant who was willing to ask a
higher price.
These are stories that come to me. I do not
know how true they are; but I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, instead of multiplying commit-
tees, whether we had not better include in this
inquiry this matter of charters.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will read the
resolution, he will see it is drawn so as to cover
that case—it is to inquire into the facts in con-
nection with the chartering of the vessels for the
Banks expedition.
Mr. COLLAMER. Add, " includingbrokor-
age."
Mr. GRIMES. Very well. I am willing to do
that.
Mr. HALE. Put that in: " including broker-
age."
Mr. GRIMES. Very well, sir. Let the Sec-
retary alter the resolution in that way, so that the
committee shall inquire into the facts, including
brokerage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will be made. The question is on agreeing to the
resolution as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the committee be raised ?
Mr. GRIMES. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Grimes, Mr. Morrill, and Mr.
Kennedy, the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communica-
tion from the Secretary of War, and from private
individuals, which have been read, will be referred
to the select committee, if there be no objection.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
State, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 18th instant, the unpublished
correspondence between the State Department and
our minister to the Russian Government, in rela-
tion to telegraphic communication between the
mouth of the Amoor liver and San Francisco;
which, on motion of Mr. Latham, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. LATHAM presented the petition of Thom-
as B. Valentine, successor in interest to Juan Mi-
randa, praying for the passage of an act authoriz-
ing the United States district court for the northern
district of California to adjudicate upon the title
of parties claiming under the said Miranda to the
Rancho Arroyo de San Antonio under a lease
from General Victoria, formerly Governor of Cali-
fornia; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of the Express
Companies of the United States, praying for a re-
duction of the tax which they now pay tinder the
internal revenue act; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 226) to amend "an act to establish' n court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States," approved February 24, 1855, reported
it, with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred papers in relation to the repenl o<
the eleventh section of the judiciary act of 1789,
reported the subject back, with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed.
PUNERAL EXPENSES OP SENATOR BAKER.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to
