1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I think, therefore, that the section is well drawn
in this respect. To those who maintain that the
power is given to-the President under the Consti-
tution, this section is but declaratory. To those
who maintain, on the contrary, that it is only Con-
gress that authorizes him to suspend the writ, it
is an enacting clause.
Mr. HOWE. Will my colleague allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose, after the enactment of
this law, a question shall arise before the judicial
tribunals of the country as to the power to suspend
the writ or as to the legality of an imprisonment
in a given ease where the writ was suspended, and
suppose the very question which my colleague has
now submitted should be presented to the court,
and the court should be of opinion that this was
not an enabling act, but an act by which Congress
simply meant to declarc what the measure of au-
thority was in the President under the Constitu-
tion and independentof the act, what would be the
decision of the court upon the validity of the im-
prisonment ?
Mr. DOOIJTTLE. This section is so drawn
that if Congress has authority to clothe the Execu-
tive with that power, and he does not possess it
under the Constitution, this act will clothe him
with it. Th*s act says he is authorized to do it.
If Congress ran give him the authority, they give
it to him by the act. If he has it already under the
Constitution,Congress has simply reenacted what
the Constitution has already given. Idonotthink
it would invalidate the act.
My colleague is aware that this question has
assumed in the State of Wisconsin a very im-
portant aspec'. The truth is that a large number
of persons w*re ariested in the State of Wis-
consin for resistance to the draft. They were
taken into military custody, and were held in mil-
itary custody at the city of Madison. A writ of
habeas corpus was issued by our supreme court,
and the case came up and wffs argued before the
court, and the court gave an opinion that the au-
thority to suspend the writ was in Congress, and
not in the President without an enactment of
Congress; and at the same time, in the opinion
given by the chief justice, as my colleague will
recollect, he expressed his regret that Congress
had not already acted upon the subject. There-
fore, to reconcile the conflicting views and opin-
ions upon a question on which there has been se-
rious doubt, whether this power is in the F,xecu-
tive under the Constitution, or whether Congress
must pass a law to clothe him with it, I think this
section is well drawn, so that all of us can con-
scientiously support the section who believe that
the writ of habeas corpus is to be suspended at all.
[ do not know that the Senator fiom Virginia
doubts that the power exists somewhat* to sus-
pend the wilt in cases of invasion or rebellion
when the public safely lequrres it. The question
is, who shall judge of that necessity, the Presi-
dent or Congress? The power to suspend the
writ'must be lodged somewhere; the Constitution
implies it as a necessity which much exist in cases
of rebellion or invasion; and if Congress gives its
sanction, by virtue of legislation declaring the
power to be in the President; if Congress declares
that he is authorized to exercise it, then, if the
power exists anywhere, whether in Congress or
in the Executive, the power is gumted. 1 do not
intend to take up time in aigumg this question.
Mr. CARLILE. It is an ungracious task,
Mr. President, to attempt to urge a measure be-
fore any body that seems to be wholly indifferent
to it. I regret that the measure which i have
offered does not seem to have sufficient merit in
it to challenge at least the consideration of Sen-
ators. If we were to act kindly and fiankly to-
waidseach other upon the piesumption that we
were striving foi the accomplishment of the same
great purpose, and not allow omselves to be gov-
erned by those suspicions winch have led, I fear,
to loo many of these arrests, and which have in-
flicted upon loyal citizens sufferings such as no
man would like to inflict, we should probably be
enabled to accomplish the great object wc have in
virw.
I desiie to correct the statements made by the
Senator from Illinois, under a misapprehension,
doubtless, of the measure which 1 have proposed
as a substitute for his. Instead of prohibiting
the arrests of disloyalists and traitors, it expressly
provides for their arrest without due process of
law, without a resort to the ordinary forms of
law, without warrant, or upon oath, or even upon
affidavit or any written statement in those States
where rebellion exists. I put it to the candor of
Senators if it can be necessary to resort to these
extraordinary measures, these acts of despotic
power, these acts nullifying the Constitution of
the country, and to that extent taking from the
loyal citizen the protection of his Government to
do—what? To suppress, say Senators, the re-
bellion. Does the rebellion exist in New Hamp-
shire? Is there a rebellion in New York? Is
there a rebellion in Illinois? Qoes the public
safety require that the privilege of this writ, which
the Constitution expressly provides shall only be
suspended by Congress, shall be suspended by
the President? And here allow me to say that
never, so far as I am advised, until the existence
of the present rebellion, was there a single re-
spectable lawyer in theUmted States thatever had
any doubt where the power to suspend the privi-
lege of the writ was placed by the Constitution.
Never before, until within the last two years, has
any respectable authority doubted that the power
to suspend this writ belonged exclusively to the
Congress of the United States—not to the Pres-
ident, or to any other department of the Govern-
ment; but to Congress, and to Congress alone;
and only to be suspended—when? When three
contingencies or events named m the instiument
itself took place—not merely because there is an
invasion; not merely because there is a rebellion.
Neither invasion, nor rebellion alone authorizes
Congress to suspend the privilege of this writ;
but there must be coupled with invasion or vcbel-
•lion the fact that the public safety requires its
suspension.
Now, sir, does the public safety require the
suspension of this writ, and not alone the suspen-
sion of the writ, but also that arbitrary ariests
should be made ? 1 hope it will be borne in mind
by the country,at least, if not by the Senate,that
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus docs
not authonze the President or any other function-
ary to make an arbitrary arrest. Habeas corpus
is allowed to him who is arrested under and by
vii tue of the laws as they stand, by virtue of war-
rant made upon oath or affirmation, or by due
process of law. The suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus, 1 repeat, will not warrant the Exec-
utive or any other functionary in arresting any
citizen arbitrarily and without due process of law.
In our discussions here the suspension of this writ
is always coupled with the assumption that it
authorizes an arbitrary arrest, which it does not.
The bill of the Senator from Illinois proposesnot
only to suspend the privihge of the writ of habeas
cof)nis, but also to authorize ariests to he made
without due process of law by the President of
the United States. The arrests of whom, does the
Senator say ? The arrests of disloyalists and trai-
tors, says the Senator. I ask lum if the law is
not abundant, ample, and full now without any
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, without
any additional legislation to arrest every traitor
in the land wherever the judicial authonty of the
country can be executed und enforced? He will
not deny the proposition. The country knows it,
and the loyal people of the loyal States know it.
But what does this bill do r It proposes to dis-
pense virtually and in fact with one of the depart-
ments of this Government; that department which
the Constitution provides shall alone make arrests
and inflict imprisonment—the judiciary. To no
other department of this Government is this power
of arrest given; to no other department of this
Government is this right to deprive the citizen of
his personal liberty intrusted; but it must be made
by and through the judicial department of this
Government. But you propose by this bill, as it
comes from the House of Representatives, and by
the substitute offered by the Senator from Illinois,
to dispense with th* judicial department of the
Government; the department by far the most dear
to a free people; the department that has been the
bulwark of our liberties; and when that depart-
ment is once destroyed, liberty will not live a day
after it. It proposes by and through an enact-
ment of the Congress of the United States, to be
executed by the Executive of the. United States,
to dispense with the judicial depaitment of this
Government. It proposes further to authorize
that which the Constitution says shall not be done:
it proposes to deprive the citizen of this country,
of his libeity without due process of law.
Now, sir, I want to know how any process of
law is executed if it be not executed through'the
judicial department of this Government? . Will it
be pretended that the bare enactment pf a law au-
thorizing the President to make arrests without
any process whatever, by virtue of a mere word
from him, or by virtue of a word from.onp-ofiii.s
subordinates, indorsed by him, is due process of
law? Will it be contended that there is a single
loyal State in this Union where the process of hxw
cannot be administered through the judiciary?
Will it be contended that the judges of the United
States courts in the lfiTyal States of this country
are so corrupt that they would connive at traitor-
ous acts, and relieve from imprisonment, through
a writ of habeas corpus, one who had been guilty
of treason, or who was so dangerous to the com-
munity as to authorize his arrest? Will it be sup-
posed that there is a single judicial officer in the
loyal States who would not issue the proper pro-
cess for the appiehension, arrest, and imprison-
ment of any one who, by virtue of an affidavit
made by any credible person, was said to begiv-
ing aid and comfort to the enemv, or was engaged
in other acts inimical to th<  United States? I
grant that this all would take place, an.d may be
supposed in the rebellious States; and. therefore
the substitute which I have offered expressly pro-
vides that in the rebellious States these arrests
may be made by the President.
Mr. President, so far as I am concerned, there
is but one thing worth living for in this life It
this Union is not maintained, if this Union is not
restored, a home and a country remain notfor me.
I never allow the lodgment of the suspicion winch
is frequently suggested, and now seems to be rife
in the land, that there are those who, in certain
contingencies, contemplate a dismemberment of
this once happy Confederacy, i know full well,
too, that if this Union is maintained, if this Gov-
ernment shall remain as it was formed, it cannot
be done by an attempt at the exercise of arbitrary
pow£r over the loyal people in the loyal States. I
know that it must be done by the patriotism of the
loyal people of the loyal States; and I place urt
little faith in the maintenance of the Union if it
has to be maintained through conscription laws,
or through laws looking to the punishment and to
the taking away of the liberties of the loyal peo-
ple of the loyal States. Therefore it is that I hon-
estly believe that the passage of this bill, as it
comes from the House of Representatives, or the
passage of the substitute of the Senator from Illi-
nois, will work injury to the cause which the Sen-
ator, I have no doubt, has as much at heart as any
oisp flse. I may be wrong; he may be right. If
1 may be allowed to infer what will be the action
of the Senate from what it has been heretofore, t
take it for granted that the proposition I have of-
fered will not meet with the favur of the Senate.
That, however, does not relieve me from the dis-
charge of a duty which I believe Is incumbent on
me. No one will rejoice moie than I shall if the
beneficial result shall follow the passage of the bill
which the Senator, I have no doubt, expects will
come from it. I do not think so, however; and I
think that, rather than hurry through this bill, we
had better pause and inquire again of ourselves
whether it be necessary that this writ shall be sus-
pended in the loyal States. Suspend it where the
rebellion exists; suspend it where the insuriecuon
exists; suspend it over those people who have
taken up arms against you; but do not, because
there has been a rebellion, for instance, in the
State of Louisiana, take from the people of Mas-
sachusetts, or the people of Maine, the protection
of their personal liberty that their Government
gives them.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing the question whether, under the
Constitution of the United St<ius, the grave duty
of determining whether the public safety requires
that the pnvilege of the wv\ioi'habeas corpus should
be suspended is vested in Congress or in the Ex-
ecutive. i discussed that question nearly two
years ago: and I do not mean to trouble the Sou-
ate now with a rediscussion of the same question.
But, sir, it is singular that in the history of this
country for more than seventy years no lawyer
was to be found who was acute enough, or suffi-
ciently disregardful of the personal liberties of his
fellow-citizens, as to suggest the idea that the Ev-
