1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109S
pie. It would produce one of two results, either
revolution and resistance, or absolute despotism,
were the attempt made I am always fearful of
conflicts with organise, power unlimited in its
character. I cannot tell how far it may go. I
cannot tell how far it may be successful. I am
very sure that the foundation o-f a republic, the
foundation of every froe Government that has ever
existed, consists in the limitation of the powers
of government and the retaining of ultimate power
with the people at large. The only distinction
between the government of will or the despotism
and the government of laws or a republic or lim-
ited monarchy, is that in the one case power is
checked by written constitutions, by limitations
which are reserved, as with us, to the people at
large, and can be exercised neither by the Presi-
dent nor by Congress, nor the judiciary, nor all
combined, because they affect the individual rights
of the citizen; and in the other case, where there
is no such limitation of power, of course that Gov-
ernment, whether well governed or ill governed,
depends on the character of the reigning prince,
autocrat, or despot, or whatever you call him, but
it is not a free Government. Those who believe
that that form of government is best calculated
for promoting the prosperity, the happiness, and
the welfare of mankind, may well defend all these
measures. For my own pait, believing that the
limitation of power is necessary, and that the
whole foundation of free government is involved
in the distrust that power never makes us better,
and that permanent power must always end in
coriuption and oppression, I can never vote for a
bill like this which abandons a legislative power
without determining that the public safety requires
that the privilege of the wiit should be suspended,
and deiegates^to the President the power at will
to suspend it where he pleases, when he pleases,
for what length of time he pleases, and under that
suspension to hold in durance for indefinite peri-
ods any American citizen whom he or those.who
surround him see fit to imprison. *
Mr. President, I had not the slightest idea That
this bill would be before the Senate this session.
I had supposed that the bill was in some measure
abandoned in consequence of other legislation, or
I should have endeavored to condense my re-
maiks in mote tegular order than I have now been
able to present them. It takes me entirely by sur-
prise. I am obliged to rely upon my general recol-
lection of the subjects connected with legislation
of this kind jn opposition to this measure. When
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Virginia is disposed of, I shall move one amend-
ment, and only one, to this bill. I see but little
difference, if any, between the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives and the substitute
of the honorable Senator from Illinois. 1 shall
move to limit the duration of the law to the lstof
January next, and no longer; and if that motion
fails, as for the rest it is perfectly immaterial to me
whether one bill or the other shall pass. Either,
in my judgment, is an abandonment of legislative
power by Congress, the delegation of that act of
high discretion which is involved in legislative
power to the Executive of the Union, and thus
merges the legislative and executive power in one,
when the whole theory of our Government is
founded on keeping the ex'crcisc of those powers
distinct in diffeient bumches of the Government.
LEGISLATIVE, KTC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the legisla-
tive bill, if the Senate will allow me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The report may be received by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I submit the leport.
The Secietaiy lead the following report:
The committer of contm'iiee on thf disagreeing voter,
of the two IIoum"-, on the amendments to tlto lull (II It
No. 635) maknnj appiopiiation- u r the legislative, execu-
tive, aad judicial expense- o! the Government lor the year
ending the 3Jth of June. Icu4, having met, alter full and
free contVi«nce ii.ivoagreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to th'-Mr r^-p"ctive House-? a< follows :
That the Iloit^e recede itoni tin ir disagreement t" the
Sv'nateS first ann'ndm^nt, and a^roe to the same with an
amendment, a* follow*.:
Inseit alter the wotd dolhnV Ui line seven, m place
of the woids stricken out: " l^uvidcJ, That no compensa-
tion shall hereafter be paid as mileage to any Senator, Rep-
resentative, or Delegate from any fcUate or Teiritory west
of theltoeky mountains, exceeding$3,000 for any one &es-
aion ; nor to any Senator, Representative, or Delegate from
any other Slate or Territory, except New Mexico and Colo-
rado, exceeding $1,000 for any one session; nor to any Sen-
ator, Representative, or Delegatefiom Colorado exceeding
for any one session."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's thirteenth amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment:
In ime tUnteen of said Senate amendment, strike out
the word " eighty," and insert "ninety.55
That the flon^e recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifteenth amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendments: insert at theendofhnesixtceii
of said Senate amendment, " in the office of the Fifth Au-
ditor of the Treasuiy, one clerk of class four, two of class
three, four of class two, thirteen of class one, and six copy-
ing clerks, at an annual salary of $600 each." In line iorty-
one, stuko out tiie word " for." In line forty-two, strike
out the word i% clerks" wherever it occurs In line forty-
six, btrike out the word " foi" where it oecuis the second
time; alter the word u five," inseit " additionaland at^
the end of said line strike out the wordi( clerksand also"
strike out said woid wherever it oocuisinline forty-seven;
strike out all of lines fifty-two, fifty-three, and fitty-four,
and insert in heu thereof, " in the office of the Secretary of
War, six oieiks of class tour, and eight of class one; in the
office of the Chief ot Ordnance of'the War Department,
thiee clerks of class four, and twenty of class one; in the
office of the Adjutant General, eight clerks of class two,
and twentv of ela^s one; m the office of the Commissary
General, twelve clerks of class one, and one laborer at a
salary of §600 per annum ; in the office of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, one cleik of class lour, one of class three, two of class
two, and twenty-one of class one; m the office of the Ta\-
mastei General, four clerks of class three, and sixteen of
das* one ; and in the office of the Chief of Engineers, two
clerks of class one."
That the floury recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's sixteenth amendment, and agree to 11n* same.
W. V. FESSENDEN,
JAMES HARLAN,
II. M. RICE,
Managers on the part of ihe Senate.
T1IADDEUS STEVENS,
AUGUSTUS FRANK.
Managers on the part oj the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no real dif-
ference of opinion between the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate except upon two prop-
ositions; the other differences were mere matters
of form, and the alterations as to them are simply
to reduce them to a little more regular shape. The
firstquestion upon which (he two Houses differed
was in reference to the proviso in the first part of
the bill affecting the question of mileage. The
House of Representatives had inserted a provision
in the bill substantially th "it for the future no mile-
age should be paid exceeding ten cents a mile, in-
stead of forty cents as it now stands; the Senate
struck out that provision, and upon that<point it
became necessary if possible to reconcile the two
branches. It was found impossible to agree either
upon the House provision or the Senate provis-
ion, and we did not deem it of sufficient conse-
quence on a bill of this sort to disagree if we could
by anv means come to a conclusion. Therefore
the compromise was adopted of limiting the mile-
age to a gross sum, providing in terms that for any
Senator, Representative, or Delegate from any
Statu or Territory west of the Rocky mountains,
no amount should be allowed as mileage exceed-
ing $3,000 a session, and none to any other, ex-
cept from New Mexico and Colorado, exceeding
§1,000 for a session, leaving New Mexico as it
stands now because that is partly East and partly
West, and the mileage from there does not amount
to ^3,000 whichever way it may be calculated;
and it was deemed proper to fix it for Colorado
under the peculiar circumstances of the case at
somewhat more than the other States and Terri-
tories 0-si this sido of the Rocky mountains, and
therefore i hat was fixed at $1,200. That is the sim-
ple provision as agreed to by the committee of
eonferencc.
The other question u|*>n which the two Houses
differed was with reference to the amount that
should be appropriated for agricultural purposes.
The amendment of the Senate is now agreed to by
the House of Representatives with one alteration,
making the sum of $,80,000 appropriated by the
general provision £90,000, thus striking off from
the whole appropriation, as originally proposed,
: £35,000 instead of $35,000, as was provided by the
Senate's amendment. •
Mr. ANTJIONY. Leaving the specific appro-
priation for cottonizmg flax?
Mr. KESSENDEN. All die specific appropri-
ations are left precisely as the Senate fixed them;
there is simply a change of the general appropri-
ation from *>80,000 to ^90,000, adding ^10,000 to
what the Senate agreed on. f have now stated
everything about which there was any substantial
difference of opinion between the two branches.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not know that anything
I can say to the Senate will induceany ofits mem--
bers to change his opinion, or the vote he may ■
give on concurring in the report of the comfriittee
of conference; but I cannot allow the vote-to be-
taken without saying a word in simple justice to-
my colleagues. So far as 1 am concerned, the-
adoption or rejection of this report will not in the
least affect me; and therefore what I have to say
to this body cannot arise from any personal or
selfish consideration*, but 1 do feel that a. gross -
injustice is about to be done to my colleague and
to the other members who represent the Pacific-
coast at the present time, and who may do so
hereafter.
The whole purport of the amendment, so far
as mileage is concerned, affects substantially the
Representatives from that coast alone, because
there are very few members from any other por-
tion of the country whose mileage exceeds $1,000
a session. There are a few, I believe, but very
few, members whose mileage excecds $1,000. The
change, then, so far as the other Representa-
tives and Senators of the country are concerned,
amounts to nothing. The blow falls alone on
those who represent the Pacific coast.
Now, sir, I assert, and I do it knowing full well
the expenses that necessarily have to be incurred
by members of Congress traveling from the Pa-
cific coast to the seat of Government, that where
a Representative has a family—not a numerous
family, but an ordinary family—the sum fixed
here is not sufficient to bring them from their place
of home to the seat of Government and allow them
to return. Take the instance of one of the Sena-
tors from Oregon, who will pardon me for allud-
ing to his case—a gentleman who has a wife and
five children whom he is bound for a greater por-
tion of the year to be separated from, or to bring
them with him in order that they may have a
father's protection. If he brings them, the sum
of $3,000 will barely pay their fare from his home
in Oregon to the city of Washington. Any Senator
can very easily make the computation. You may
cut tail your expenses as much as you please, and
the sum of $400 will baiely carry you, without the
aid of servants or any outside expenditure, from
here to the city of San Francisco; and after they
get there, those Senators have got to go up the
coast to Portland and from there into the interior.
Any gentleman can see that with a family of seven
there is an annual expenditure of £3,500 to get
from their place of residence to the city of Wash-
ington, allowing nothing for them to return on.
But more than this, it is a mistaken idea that
those who represent the Pacific coast in this ques-
tion of mileage, are seeking profit, it is not so,
nir. The position of the gentlemen who repre-
sent the Pacific coast, in both branches of Con-
gress, is unlike the position of other members of
this body. There is not a Senator within the
sound of my voice, with few exceptions, who can-
not, within a week, visit his place of residence
or his place of business, and spend twenty-four,
thirty-sis, or forty-eight hours and return here,
and his absence is not missed from this body. If
any derangement occurs in your business, you
can go home and you can rectify it, and return
here, i say, without being scarcely missed from
this Hall. Such is not the case, however, with
the representatives of that coast, who arc here
for the term of Congress, because to go to their
place of home or business and return here would
consume the greater poition of the session. One
sixth of the whole year regularly is spent by the
representatives of the Pacific coast in passing
from their home to the seat of Government and
returning. Is this* no consideration that should
weigh upon the judgment of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in fixing this question of mileage?
But, more than this, there is scarcely a gentle-
man here that is not connected in some way or oth-
er with the professions;and the moment Congress
adjourns, they can go to their homes and resume
their professional employments, ft is not so with
any lcpresentative from the Pacific coast. His
business connections of every kind and descrip-
tion are broken up. He cannot resume the prac-
tice of the law or any of the other learned profes-
sions, and all the compensation that a member
gets of any kind for the whole of his time is that
which your law fixes, the per annum and the mile-
age compensation.
But there is another consideration which, t
think, should weigh upon the minds of Senator#
