1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
and the hardships, and the inconveniences are
more than ten limes the hardships and inconven-
iences which ihe member suffers who travels to
his near home oil this side by railroad.
I expect to return home by the overland route.
I can go by a public conveyance to Salt Lake.
Prom there I have to go on horseback or on mules
sevon hundred miles through a totally uninhab-
itetLcountry. I have either got to find an escort
anapay them to cross that country with me and
return, to protect iffy life, or I have to travel as I
did the last time I went through, by riding through
the dark when the Indians do not roam, and by
hiding in the daytime like a wolf.
These are some of the inconveniences that mem-
beis are compelled to submit to by making the
trip by cither route. I shall regret if the amend-
ment be adopted and the mileage cut down. I
think it will practically result, under the present
depreciation of the currency, in that coast failing
to be represented in Congress hereafter. There
may be men who are patriotic enough to desire to
come here for the honor of the thing, but I know
of very few who would come for the compensa-
tion us an iniKicement.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to state that if the
Senate do not agree to the report, I shall move
that we insist on our former amendments, and ask
fur a new committee of conference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Coilamer,
Fe^enden, Foot, Foster, Grime-*, Ilitilaii, Howe, King.
jVlomll, Sheimun, Sumntii, Ten Evck, Tiumbull, Wade,
Wilmot, and Wilson of M.i—aehti-ett'—19.
NAYS— Messrs. Arnold, Ravard, Cailiie, Cowan, Dix-
on, Dooliftiu, Harding, Hum-1, flender-on, Hick«, Howard,
Kennedy, Lane of (nduuia, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Ncs-
mith, Poineroy, Powell, Rice, Richaid-on, Salisbury, Tui-
pie, Wilkinson, Wiliey, and Wilson of Missouri—25.
So the repoit of tho committee of conference
was rejected.
Mr.'FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
further insist upon its amendments, and ask for
another committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Collamer,
Mr. Harris, and Mr. Nesmith were appointed
the committee on the part of the Senate.
MKSSAGB I'ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (No. 591) to indemnify
the President and other persons for suspending
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and acts
done in pursuance thereof, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and appointed Mr. Tiiaddeus Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. J. A. Bingham, of Ohio, and Mr.
Georue H.Pendleton,of Ohio, managers at the
same on its part. ,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed the
foliowingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro tempore: -
A bill (H. R. No. 695) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Register in the Treas-
ury Department, and a Solicitor for the War De-
partment, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 707) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense,
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1864;
A bill (H. II. No. 762) to change the times of
holding the circuit and district coufts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Indiana;
A bill ([-I. R. No. 709) for the benefit of Simon
and Emanuel Bamberger;
A bill (S.No. 440) concerning pardons and the
remission of penalties and forfeitures in criminal
cases;
A bill (S. No. 468) temooranly to supply va-
cancies in the Executive departments m certain
cases; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 127) to amend the
joint resolution for the payment of the expenses
of the joint committee of Congress appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war, approved
the 27th of January, 1862.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move now to take up
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really think we had bet-
ter go on with the bill which is before us. The
bill under consideration has been before the Sen-
ate half a dozen times this session, and discussed,
as it has been to-day, and then laid aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it will take but a
short time to pass the naval appropriation bill,
and I think it is important to pass it to-day, if we
can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no other interest
in this measure than any Senator. If the Senate
is disposed to take no action in regard to the hold-
ing of these political prisoners without any law
whatever, let it so be decided. I feel no more than
a public interest in it; but I do think that when
we get a bill up and make some progress in it, it
is a great waste of time to lay it aside and take up
other bills. That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As a general rule that is
true; but at this period of the session, I think it
very important to finish the appropriation bills
when they are ready, and there is reason why this
naval appropriation bill should be disposed of to-
day, if we can do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Appropriation billsalways
pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But undoubtedly we shall
differ from the other House m regard to details,
and be obliged to have a committee of conference.
With these difficulties before us in reference to the
appropriation bills, it is better to have them far
enough in advance to be sure to get them through.
Mr. POWELL. I hope we shall continue the
consideration of the bill before the Senate. I
think we can dispose of it in a very few minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I fear not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-two,
noes not counted; and the bill (*H. R. No. 708)
making appi opriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1864, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Chair will suggest that as the Secretary reads
the bill, the question be put on the amendments
as they occur.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope fehat course will
be puisucd.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection that will be done.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill until
he reached the clause appropriating $12,000,000
for armor-plated sea steamers of iron. To this
clause the following pioviso was appended:
Provided, That no contract shall he enteied into for the
conduction of said vc-m-Is until jnopo^ds have been so-
licited t'lom the principal lion ^hip-builders, and «!:a1! hp
made upon the moit favorable teims a-> to cost and time.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out this proviso, and m lieu of it to insert:
Provided, That no contract -hall be entered into for tho
consti ij<'tton of-aid-tenmer* until plans and specifications
j thoictor hrue been submitted to a board of three skillful
! naval officer.-, and approved by -aid boaid; and the *ame
] shall then be built upon contract, aitei public advertisement
lor pioposaly to build the -aine, made according to Jaw.
Mr. GRIMES. It is in order, I believe, in the
first place, to amend the original proposition as it
comes from the House of Representatives, before
the question shall be taken on the substitute for
it proposed by the Finance Committee. I move,
tberefoie, in the twenty-sixth Sine, to strike out
the word " iron " before " ship-builders;" so that
these proposals shall be " solicited from the prin-
cipal ship-builders."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. GRIMES. [ do not believe that the prop-
osition of the Committee on Finance is as good as
that which comes from the House of Represent-
atives. The committee's amendment is, that these
vessels shall not be constructed until plans and
specifications therefor have been presented to a
board of three skillful naval officers, and approved
by the board. Now, who are to detei mine these
plans? Who is to determine the character of the
vessel? The Navy Department, 1 suppose. They
can sc-nd before the board whatever character of
vessels they see fit to have examined, and none
other. Then who are to compose the board?
" Three skillful naval offieers," 11 suppose thafe
means three skillful line officers. > Now-,- are=they<
the most competent to determine as to-tlufe rre-w5
character of ships that is proposed to be c&n«
strueted ? I do not think they are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to my friend-
fro m Iowa that, having great confidence in his
judgment upon all matters in relation to the Navy
and tho construction of vessels, I copied the pro-
vision verbatim from the bill that he introduced aod
had passed at the last session of Congress, sup-
posing that he knew very much better" than I did
what course should be taken about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, sir, I am glad to learn—
it is the first time I have discovered—thattheSen-
ator has so much confidence in my judgment on
matters of this sort.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have always expressed.
it.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very true thatl did draw
up such an amendment and submititto the naval
appropriation bill, not at the last session, but some
two years ago, when this subject was first brought
before the Senate and before'the country. I claim
the credit of having been the first to bring the sub-
ject to the attention of the Senate; and in order to
get the measure through here at all, I was con-
strained to adopt an amendment similar to that
which the Finance Committee have proposed now
as a check upon the Navy Department. It was
in July, 1861, that that law was proposed, and it
was for the purpose of getting the bill enacted into
a law at all that I accepted that amendment. Now,
however, as thisfbill comes to the Senate, it allows
anybody to malce a proposition to the Navy De-
partment for the construction of any kind of an
iron vessel that he sees fit; and then it leaves the
Department to determine from the description of
that vessel whether it will accept that as the kind
of vessel it wants or not; but it provides that the
contract shall not be made until notice has firs';
been given to the world of the description of the
ship that is to be built, the time when she is to bn
built, the place where she is to be built,and every-
thing about her. I think that the House provision
is better than the Senate amendment for that rea ■
son; because in the one case theNavy Department
can entirely control the characterof the ship,and
•send before this board exactly the description of
vessel they want, and require it to be of a partic-
ular character, whereas the House provision al-
lows anybody to make such a proposition as be
sees fit, and then the Department has entire power
to take it or to take some other proposition that
may be submitted by some proper naval officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty we had
about it was that the proviso, as it stood ill the
original bill, attempted to do away with the law
(and a very good provision it is) which requires
advertisements before making contracts, and it
placed the whole power m the hands of the Navy
Department to make private contracts as they sajv
fit, without ad vertiscment, without giving any sort
of publicity to the matter. The Senator will see,
if he leads it, and notices how it is worded, " that
no contract shall be entered into for the construc-
tion of said vessels until proposals have been so-
licited," There is no proposition for advertise-
ment. They may write to Mr. A and Mr. Band
Mr. C, or anybody they please, to solicit propo-
sals, and then make their contracts to s%it them-
selves. We wish to prevent any such private
arrangement as this being in the power of any
Department of the Government in the expendi-
ture of so large a sum of money. To that the
Senator, 1 think, will accede at once.
Mr. GRIMES. Then insert the word "adver-
tisement."
Mi. FESSENDEN. We have;but I really be-
lieved that a provision which had been originated-
by the honorable Senator from Iowa himself, and
which had woiketl so well in the construction of
the three steamers which were built under the au-
thority conferred by the act winch lie introduced
and carried through the Senate,and by which he
rendered ''so very great service to the country,
would be equally good in the expenditure of this
money. I think nobody doubts that the former
expeliment was an eminent success, and it was
under the supervision of three skillful naval offi-
cers selected by the Secretary of the Navy; and
the Senate will observe that we not only provide
for the board lo which it is to be submitted, but
we put on tKe additional provision "and the same
