THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
shall then be built upon contract, after public ad-
vertisement for proposals to build the same, made
according to law." Is not that better? Plans and
specifications, if they have any, can be submitted
to the boaid. If they are found to be good, they
will be unquestionably agreed to, and then pro-
posals may be made in the proper form to anybody
and everybody who'is disposed toenterinto a con-
tract to build one of these vessels; and it will re-
suit, i take it, precisely as the other did. If it was
found that the plans and specifications were im-
perfect,they would be corrected by thelight which
would be obtained by the advertisement and by
the proposals which were made. I believe it is
much better as the committee propose it.
Mr. GRIMES. I dislike to criticise the action
of the Senate or what has been done under any
law of Congress, and especially under one which
I had the pleasure of drawing; but I think the
very case to which the Senator has alluded is a
pretty good demonstration of the necessity of the
provision which has been sent to us by the House
of Representatives. lie will remember that there
were three vessels built under that law to which
he has referred—the Ironsides, which was built
at a Government navy-yard, and is a perfect suc-
cess; the Monitor, which may be regarded as a
success; and the Galena, which is not a success.
The purpose of this provision of the House bill
is to call upon the proper, legitimate ship-build-
ers of the country—I have had the word ** iron,"
before "ship-builders," stricken out—to come
forward and present proposals for building ves-
sels; whereas under the amendment of the Fi-
nance Committee everybody, every speculator in
ships, every adventurer who wants to make money
has an opportunity to come m and make the low-
est bid for one of these ships, and the Govern-
ment, I suppose, will be constrained to accept his
proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all, because they
can reserve the power to reject the bids, if they
please.
Mr. GRIMES. They have not got it heic m
this clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not say how they
shall adveitise, but it docs not provide that they
shall take the lowest bids; and it is a very com-
mon thing to reserve the power to reject any bids.
Mr. GRIM ES. Under the rules of the Depart-
ment, according to the laws governing them, they
are required, I believe, to take the lowest bids.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very common to put
in a provision reserving the right to reject any bids.
Mr. GRIMES, if the amendment of the Fi-
nance Committee be amended so that the contracts
ahull be lequired to be made with legitimate ship-
builders, who are familiar with the businesu, and
that there shall not be the intervention of any
middle party, any mere speculator, any mere ad-
venturer who wants to make money out of the
Government, my purpose will be accomplished.
That is what the House of Representatives sought
to accomplish by the proviso they have sent us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no particular ob-
jection to striking out the three skillful na\al
officeis, if the Senator has lost his confidence io
them, and let the amendment read in this way:
"that no contract shall he entered int.* for the
construcuon of such vessels until after public ad-
vertiyementfor proposals to build the same, made
according to law."
Mr. GRIMES. I will agree to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume the committee
will not quarrel with me for agreeing to that mod-
ification of the amendment. "What we wish to
do is to provide for the advertisement.
Mr. COLLAMEK. The commuter, were not
satisfied with the expression '* principal ship-
builders."
Mr. GRIMES. Very wei!.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to amend
the amendment of tiif* committee by striking out
all after the word " until" down to the word
"after," so that it shaM read:
Proruh-iU That m> eonmiet shall b-  entered into lor ilu-
con^tiuetiuii of^aid «teamer* until after public adv-rt,-*.-
ment lor proposal* to build th'j same, made according to
law.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I move now to amend the same
clause by inserting the word " two".after " for"
and before the word " armor-plated," and by in-
serting " of the first class" before " twelve," and
by striking out " twelve" and inserting " three;"
so as to make the clause read:
For two armor-plated sea steamers of iron, of the first
class. $3,000,000.
This reduces the amount of the appropriation
$9,000,000. I nm directed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs to offer this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to move to insert in
line thirteen, after the word "purchase," the
words'1 and building," and also to strike.out
"$3,250,000" in the fifteenth and sixteenth lines,
and insert" $15,000,000;" so as to make the clause
read:
For the purchase and hnlldins? of additional steamer^, re-
pairs of same, chartei of vessels, extra labor and materials,
and repairs ot vessels on foicigri stations, §15,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
as far as line forty-mne.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move—not from the
committee, but on tny own motion, though I sup-
pose the committee will agree with me—to make
the matter specific, to strike out lines forty-eight
and forty-nine, in the words, " for ordnance and
ordnance stores, including incidental expenses,
$7,110,000," and insert in lieu of these words the
following:
For cannon of all de>cuptlons field and boat hmvitzoi<,
gun-carriages, shot,fc>hcll, and equipment of all UniiK ; pow-
dei, purchase of unci, small-auns, ordnance labor at navy-
yards, freight, ti.m^poitatioii. books, In-pectln? instru-
ments. watchmen, abstains lor tabucation and m.-peetion
of guns, and contingent expense's of ordnance and < hdnunce
Buieau, &C,n00,U00.
For three powdei tugs at Boston, New Yoik, and Phila-
delphia, and lepmrs ot ordnance steamboats, $-10,000.
For repairs and addiiton^ to ordnance machinery In
phop^and foi magazines and lepaus and additions thereto,
$i.">0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
TheSoeretaiy continued the reading of the bill
to line one. hundred and forty-five.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in the one hundred and
thirty-fourth hue to strike out the words " furni-
ture for officers' quarters." This is in the clause
for contingent expenses of the marine corps
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and in compliance with
a request ftom iho Navy Depaitment, to offer tin
amendment to come in after line one hundred and
forty-five:
For the eon-truetion of marine bin racks at Mar«  Island,
California, $100,000: Provided, nevothclcn1). That said
money shall not be expended until the plans for said bar-
racks shall have been submitted to and approved by the
tiecietary ofthc Navy.
Until during the last autumn there has never
been any maiine station at Mare Inland. The
public service lias dictated the necessity of estab-
lishing one, and several marine officers with a
comnlomentof men have been sent there, butthero
are no barracks there at all, and this proposition
has been suggested by tiie Secretary of the Navy
and is offered at his lequest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand that the
matter has been considered by the Naval Com-
mittee?
Mr. GRIMES. The attention of the Naval
Committee was drawn to it by the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, accompanied by a letter
from Major Garland, who is in command of the
marines at Mare Island.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I t'hink it would be well
to add after the amount of the appropriation the
words, "or so much thereof as maybe necessary."
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to put that in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment iriey he so modified.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 v/iti take this occasion
to make a remark which i want noted. The naval
service is a matter in which the people of Califor-
nia aie much concerned. The gentlemen of the
Finame Committer undeitake to conduct the
whole business of Navy appropriations. I want
to say that i think, as a matter of business in the
Senate, when the Navy appropriation bill comes
here, it should go both to the Committee on Fi-
nance and the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was agieed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
until he reached the clause making appropriations
for the New York navy-yard. In that clause the
Committee on Finance moved to strike out, in
lines one hundred and sixty-one, one hundred and
sixty-two, and one hundred and sixty-three, "for
building a floating or sectional dock of sufficient
size and capacity for raising any vessels now
building."
Mr. McDOUGALL. The bill as it came from
the House of Representatives is the properdin.
I should like to have some reasons stated against
it, if any can be. I undertake to speak by tlm
book. The provision adding an appropriation
for a sectional dock was inserted m the House of
Representatives, and was proposed there by the
Naval Committee of that House. I ask of Sen
ators present their attention for a moment, be-
cause I want their opinion upon the proposition*
I affirm and the reduction of them. There is not
a dry-dock in the United States that can take up
the vessels that are now being contracted for by
the Government. I speak by exact form of words
when I say that a necessity exists for a dock that
can take up our sea-going vessels. This is a fact,
a simple fact. What I state no Senator will dis-
pute, because I speak by the book, and Senators
who are advised arc advised as I am. Seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars has been added by
the House of Representatives to the appropriation
for the Brooklyn navy-yard, with a view to fur-
nish the facilities for taking up our large iron-clad
steamers. Now, I say with some knowledge of
the subject, that when our steamers go off the
ways where they are built, possibly they may
require to be docked the next day before they go
to sea, and, as a rule, an iron-clad should be
docked every six months. You have no place in
the United States where you can dock the ships
you propose to build.
The controversy about this results from the
fact that some persons want to build a great,big
dry dock with stone walls, which will cost about
$7,000,000, and take six ycais. Here is an au-
thority to the Government to build a dock that
will furnish the proper facilities, to be done in
twelve months, and answer our necessities. It
is strange to me that gentlemen who consider
that the Government ought to be maintained, and
that the war should be maintained, and that the
Navy should be maintained, should object to this
item in the bill sent to us from the House of
Representatives. I do not understand it. Let
me say to the Senator from Iowa that 1 was at
the Navy Department to-day,and there they say
they need this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I wish to say in ie-
ply is simply this: this item wan put in in the
House of Repiebejstatives on the motion ofagen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affans.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Is there any inconsist-
ency? I said a gentleman from New York. I
believe that is true, it was not recommended by
the Department. The matter has been examined
by the Committee on Finance and by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the Senate, both of
which committees agree m iccommending that
this appropriation be stuckcn out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say so far fiom having
been examined by the Comniit'eo on Finance, I
asked for its examination there, boina: a member
of that committee. The chairman did not admit,
he being absolute m his place, the examination of
the question. I asked for its examination. I
asked would he not send up to the Navy Depart-
ment for advice on the question, and bo would not.
I, being a member of that committee, say this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The vote way put to the
committee, and it was voted according to the re-
port that has Rem made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Upon the chairman of
the committee refusing to hear the discussiou or
to send for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were oidercd: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 5; as follows:
VEAtf—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Cai-lile, Claik. (,'oila-
mer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fossenden, Foot, Foster,
Giimes, Harlan, Hairis, Henderson, [licks, Ivniir, Lane of
Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, Latham, Moi rill, Ne miih,Pomc-
rcy} Powell, Rice, Sherman, Sumner,Ten Eyck,Trumbull*
