THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJBI.
February 19,
erals*, how many-lieutenant colonels performing
the duties of colonels; how many majors perform-
ing the duties of lieutenant colonels; how many
captains are there commanding regiments? Sup-
pose you introduce this principle into the Army,
what confusion it would make, what disorder,
what strife and bickerings there would be to get
this temporary employment! It does seem to me,
therefore*.there is no necessity for departing from
the established rule.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be observed that the
amendment which I propose authorizes the Presi-
dent to do this only with the advice and consent
of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask whether this
amendment is reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; the committee author-
ized the amendment to be offered, and 1 think the
Senator from Ohio was present when the commit-
tee agreed to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I remember the amendment
very well; but I do not think the increase of pay
■was in it as I heard it read in the committee-room;
but if the Senator says it was, of course that is the
end of it. I did not hear those words.
Mr. GRIMES. I can say to the Senator, the
amendment has been drawn up since, and I do not
know whether the word " pay" was mentioned
in the committee-room or not; but I judged that
as a matter of couise the pay would follow the
promotion. Itisameretemporary promotion; and
there is not the slightest analogy between the cases
t.he Senator has cited in the military service and
those in the naval service. Here you appoint a
person virtually in command. Take, for instance,
the officer who is now in command of the western
flotilla. He is a commander. There are men in
the service who lineally have a higher rank than
he has, and draw higher pay; yet the buiden of
supporting the estate and the runic is thrown upon
him. You select him because of what is supposed
to, be his superior ability, and the appointment is
to be made only with the advice and consent of
the Senate. I suppose that probably there would
be three of these acting appointment# now. If the
President sees proper to fill up the grade of admi-
ral, and appoint the five that he is authorized to
make in addition to the four that are already made,
the law would be inoperative.
Mr. SHERMAN. The practical effect of this
provision will be this: under it a commander of
the Navy may be taken by the will of the Presi-
dent and placed in the highest rank in the N«vy
ovei'the heads of all the captains, all the commo-
dores, and all the rear admirals on the list. What
confusion, what quarreling, what bickering and
strife will this create! But, waiving that—and I
was willing to waive it during the war, a^ this
provision is not to extend beyond the war—I ask
if it would not create a great struggle in the Navy
for these appointments? To be sine, th«-y arc to
be made by the consent of the Senate; but our
consent and advice is not much of a cheek on the
appointing power of the President. We know
that very well. Under it a young officer may at
once leap over ail his comrades, and become the
highest officer of the Navy, with increased pay.
I think it would be a very dangerous precedent.
At any rate, there is no answer to the other point
1 make.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will permit me
to say that 1 presume he voted foi this law that
does the veiy same thing. Here is the act entitled
" An act to further promote the efficiency of the
Navy," passed December 21, 1SC1, which says
that "the President of the United States shall
have the authority to select any officer from the
grades of captain or commander in the Navy"—
the amendment which I have offered docs not go
below the grade of commander—" and assign him
to the command of a squadron, with the jank and
title of a fhtg officer " The rank we propoae to
give by this amendnu nt cot responds with that of
flag officer in the act of 1861. We cull him by
a different mum , a name now known to the law,
acting rear admiral, whereas tins title of flag otii
cor is not now known to the law. It is a rule that
has been in existence all along.
Mr.SHERMAN. In myjudgmcnt,thisamend-
ment ought not to be attached to an appropi iaiion
bill. 11 is a provision that will probably give rise
to trouble and eontrovetsy. I agtecd to itin com-
mittee, when it was confined, as 1 supposed, to
temporary rank. It was said—and this was the
argument—that a junior officer might, for a certain
purpose, be desired to command a squadron, and
it was important to give the President the power
to put him in command of a squadron. Yielding
tothatopinion, no doubt I did vote for this amend-
ment. At that time nothing was said about the
pay, at least nothing like the pay proposed in the
amendment. If you give to these junior officers
the increased pay of the higher rank, you will
make a continual struggle in the Navy. It seems
to me we ought not to add amendments of this
kind to the naval appropriation bills. If it should
be adopted you will be compelled to change your
appropriations. How in the world can you make
an estimate for naval pay under it? How can you
tell how many rear admirals will be appointed,
under this provision ? You cannot estimate it at
all. You will have to change your appropria-
tions. It will involve an additional expense; and
it will render it impossible for any Secretary of
the Treasury to estimate for this increased rank.
1 hope, therefore, the amendment will be rejected.
I will move to amend the amendment by striking
out the word "pay" wherever it occurs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the amendment in line
eight, by striking out the words " and pay," so
that it will read, " with the temporary rank and
title of rear admiral."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make another obser-
vation so that Senators may understand this ques-
tion. When the bill passed, a year or two ago, to
which reference has been made, it was said that
some of the best officers of the Navy were in the
rank of commanders, and among the test Com-
modore Porter and many otheis; and it was said
it was important to give the power to the Presi-
dent to select these, the best officers of the Navy,
to command our squadrons. Everyone of those
men has been promoted. All those good officers
are now at least captains, many of them admirals,
and many of them commodores; and the reason
for the passage of the law a year or two ago has
ceased to exist.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Befoio the vote is taken
I wish to suggest to the Senator from Ohio whether
the better way would not be to repeal the law that
limits the mode of appointing these admirals, and
then the President, instead of appointing them act-
ing admirals, can appoint them ad mil als. We have
a law to which my attention was called the other
day that, seems to me to have been inconsiderately
passed. I doubt its constitutionality, and I very
much doubt its propriety. His ilus: that no per-
son can be an admiial unless he shall first have
received the thanks of Congress by name. No
matter how brilliant a service an officer of the Navy
may perform any time after we adjourn after the
4th of March—and during that time some officer
of the Navy may perform the most brilliant ex-
ploits of the war—the President cannot make him
anadmual because helms not received the thanks
of Congress by name.
There is another objection to that law that I
| wish to suggest 
! Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it will not be im-
proper for nn, to state to the Senator that a bill is
; now pending, prepared by the Naval Committee,
| Jo repeal that very clause.
| Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me suggest, in that
j connection, that it could have been placed on this
| present bill but for the objection of the Senator
I from Ohio.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. Itseemsto me here is this
| bill of all others for correcting that evil. Now,
we have at this tune two oi tluee acting admi-
; nils 
Mr. GRIMES, If the Senator will allow me, I
will withdraw the amendment and stop this debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. I have another amendment to
offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is
to insert as a new section:
be itfurlhcr pfwcf erf,That ev'-iy assistant paymaster
attached to .1 vovc<d of u ar^hall b<* .illowed a eiei k. with the
compensation and piiviieges winch would be given by law
to the clerk of a paymaster if attached to the same vessel:
Prowled, That c!trk> a-liall not be allowed to paymasters
or assistant paymasters in vessels having complements of
less than one hundred, except in supply steamers and store-
ships.
I hold in my hand a memorandum that was
placed in my keeping by the chief of the bureau
that has charge of this subject, in which he states
that the only effect of this* amendment—indeed,
it was drawn by him—is to give to the assistant
paymasters a clerk, whereas they are now entitled
to a steward. The steward gets thirty-three dol-
lars a month, and the clerk will receive $400 a
year. It takes out of the Treasury four dollars
a year additional for each officer; and instead of
being a rated man, he is an officer, and ranks as
an officer. If there is any doubt about it, I will
ask to have this communication read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Your statement will be
sufficient.
Mr. GRIMES. I can apprehend no earthly
objection to it. The only difference is that it rates
the clerk as an officer, and gives him four dollars
a year additional pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have one more amendment
to offer, to add as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the <£ Act to increase and
regulate the pay of the Navy of the United States," ap-
proved June 1, 1860, be so construed as it respects boat-
swains, gunner-., carpenter.-., and saihuakers of the Navy
as to allow those officers such airears of pay or difference
of pay as they would be entitled to had their sea service
been computed tiom the dates of then appointments or
entry into the service in thoir respective grades, instead of
the dates of their warrants.
Mr. President, I will explain this amendment
in a moment. In 1860, Congress passed a pay bill,
which rated the pay of the warrant officers accord-
ing to the length of time they had been in service,
dating the length of service from the date of the
warrant instead of the time of their appointment.
Last July we undertook to obviate this, and we
passed an act which declared that in calculating
the graduated pay of boats wains, gunners, carpen-
ters, and sailmakers in the Navy as established by
law, the sea seivice should be computed from the
datesoftheir warrants. 11 was supposed that this
law covered the whole case, but some technicality
has grown up in the Department by which, al-
though the money has been appropriated, and can
now be reached without another appropriation, it
is necessary for us to pass this law, so as to give
them the small amount of pay that would be due
•to them between 1860, when we passed the pay
biil, and last year when we passed the second bill.
I believe the amount is very small.
The. amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I will now offer again the
amendment in regard to acting admirals, striking
out all relating to the pay:
*'}nd be it further enacted. That the President of the Uni-
ted Suites shall have power to select any oflicei from the
guides of eoimnodoie, eaptam, or comm'Utder in the Navy,
and assiyn him to the tcniponny command of a squadron,
with the tempoiaiy rank and title oi a rear admiial. The
rank and title of such acting rear admiral shall cease when
he shall cea&e to peiform the duty to \\ Inch he was detailed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amendment
in the form of a new section:
Jlnd be it fwither cnade<U That there shall bo appointed
two midshipmen between the ages of louiteen and eighteen
veai-j ioj.pective!y tor each Senator, and two foi each Rep-
resentative and Delegate m Congre*s. to be nominated by
theseveial Sen.itois, Representatives, and Delegates afore-
said to the Secretary ot the Nnvv, a= then* are now or may
hereaftei be vacaneio in the Naval Academy; ami the Sen-
ators, Representatives, and Delegates fiom'the States and
Teirttories not having the number of midshipmen at said
sehool which thej would be entitled to under tln^ act, shall
have ihe right to make the first nomination until they have
their numlvr. or aie made proportionately equal to the
othcr States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senate re*
jeeted that proposition the other day as a separate
measure.
Mr. FOSTER. No; we passed the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I shall ob-
ject to this amendment being put on this bill. The
committee thpught this matter of the Naval Acad-
emy and the appointment of midshipmen was a
disputed question, and for that reason struck out
the provision that was inserted in the bill by the
House of Representatives on thu?f subject, which
was the second section. It would only bring us
into difficulty with the House on the subject, and
I hope the amendment will not be put on the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. There will be no collision with
the House. The collision is with the Senator
