1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
from Mississippi, wished to be heard before them
in reference to the question of secession, and also
because the Legislature, in compliance with a sug-
gestion of the Governor, chose, as they had a per-
fect right to do, to hear that representative. The
Senator from Indiana has called the attention of
the Senate and the country to the words used by
the Governor of the State of Delaware on that oc-
casion, and finds in them evidence of disloyalty to
the country, evidence of favoring secession. Now,
sir, I will take occasion to read those words, in or-
der that the Senate may see what they were. The
words were these:
u It i* the desire of Hon. II. Dickinson to address you in
reference to lib duty as cnmmtsMOner. Jt with jou to
determine whether yon will agiec to his proposition oi not.
In my opinion, it is due to him and his State tli.it ho,should
ho licai d. It is unnecessary that 1 should repeat the causes
thai have biou«ht the gentlemen from oui M&ter State to
center with u> ; and I only ausrsien it as a forebothn,<?ot the
calamities waiting us in the future, unless f>nme speedy
notion he taken to ariot the cau&cs, and check the fuithei
spread of this fieree Spirit of dissolution : and I think itm-
euiubent upon even* State of this Confederacy to u&e all
means m her powei to accomplish that object.''
To accomplish what object? The object of se-
cession ? The object of dissolution ? No, sir; but
to accomplish the object of staying the "fierce
spirit of dissolution." That is what the Governor
says.
'• They have, Fofar, failed to avail anythingthrouirh their
Representatives in Congros; and the people, in their sov-
ereign power, aie now looked to to discharge this import-
ant uust."
Then the honorable Senator finds fault with the
loyalty of the State of Delaware, because the Gov-
ei nor recommended the convening of a convention
of the people of the State. Now, let us see wheth-
er, in his language, there is any evidence of dis-
loyalty, or any favor shown to the doctrine of se-
cession, or any wish, express or implied, in favor
of dissolution. The Governor says:
lk I therefore recommend the calling of a ^taio conven-
tion, foi the people ot tin* State to decide upon what course
the} will put-no. in the pio>ent peulou* rendition otoui
country, jt cannot he e\peeled thai I, one man, in tin* hour
of our trial, should pioposc a lemedy tor all ourpiesent
(htficumcs. May joti, with any assistance i can ailord. be
al/le to prevent—
' What, sir?—
te a dissolution of this Union, to which we are all so ar-
dently atlached, and mav thai divine Pi evidence which
lias heietotoiopiotectcd u-a>MM iw in otir uehbeiatioe^.*'
Is there any evidence of favoring a dissolution
of the Union, or any evidence ot favoring the doc-
tune of secession there ?
But, sir, I come now to the material point of the
charge of the Senator from Indiana againsi my
State. He says that the Legislating of the State
of Delaware listened to an address from Air. Dick-
inson, the repiesentative from Mississippi, and
therefore he would have the Senate and the coun-
try to believe that the State of Delaware favored
the cause of his imssiun. The Senator read a pat t
of the record: he omitted the other part. jNow
comes the response of that Legislature to the ad-
dress of Mr. Dickinson. They tieatcd him cour-
teously. Mr. Dickinson, I believe, was a native
ot the Slate of Delawaie. In early life he hail
gone South to soek his fortunes there. He re-
turned, an erring son it is true, to talk to her peo-
ple, among other things, in reference to the great
question of the right of a State to seced- from the
Union. They did consent to hear him; but after
hearing him they parsed a resolution expressive
of the sense of the body. The Senator quoted
from the journal of the i'iou^e. I will quote from
the same jo tu rud. 1tgiver i he action of the House
upon the object of Mr. Dickinson's mission. The
journal of toe Senate, slating that action, I have
not before me; but i will >say that the resolution
wa« concurred in by the Senate, as I am informed.
Here is the resolution offered by J. A. Moore,
which was unanimously passed; and 1 will take
occasion to say that Dr. J. A. Moore was then a
Democrat, is now a Democrat,and, I believe, true
to the teachings of his father, lie will ever re-
main so:
u Resolve,] faitki Sfjiate ami House of Repiewutttives of
(he Slate ol Uchr.i arrfn General WsscmWi/ nut, Th.it lifv
ins extended to Hon, II. Dn-km^in, < omnus-ioitrrfrom the 1
State ol Mi-M^-sppi, jln> eomte.-\ due to lutn a^ the iepio- !
SPiitanve Ol a MjVeioiKU State Ot the i Ymfedeuey, as w< II !
a-, to the Stan1 he i^ptoM-nt^, w < deem it pioper :>nd dno to j
oai sel\e-, ,tnd to the people of Delavvaie, {<> express o;ir
unqualified disappro\al of the lemedy foi e\t>tin<i (Uilletil
ties -n^t^ted hv the icsolunons of the Ley^slutuie u!'Mh-
sksippt."
Now, lappeal to thecandorof the Senator from
Indiana, whether he has not done injustice to that
Legislature; and in doing injustice to that Legis-
lature, whether he has not done injustice to the
people of the State that they represented?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If the Senator will
pardon me a moment, my charge was that there
was an imputation in the fact that he was allowed
to address the Legislature at all.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then, sir, the Legislature
of the State of Delaware and the Senator from In-
diana difFersimply upon a matter ofetiquette, noth-
ing more. Are they disloyal because they list-
ened to a representative from a sovereign State,
who came authorized by his State to come, they
notknowing what ho had to say; disloyal because
they gave him a respectful audience? When they
heard what it was that he was commissioned to
say to them, they unanimously passed a resolu-
tion condemning his doctrines, and refusing to en-
ter with him into any scheme for the dissolution
of the Union.
But, says the Senator from Indiana, the Gov-
ernor recommended the calling of aState conven-
tion. He says South Carolina did the something;
other southern States which had seceded did the
same thing; therefore the object of that recommend-
ation was that Delaware might secede. Why,
sir, the Governor m making the recommendation
stated that the object was to stay the work of dis-
solution, to consult together. The record, how-
ever, shows that the Legislature of the State of
Delaware did not call a convention, and has not
called a convention to this day. So much for the
next charge of disloyalty.
A third ewdence of Delaware's disloyalty is that
there was a resolution offered m the Legislature
to buy a State flag. I do not know the fact, but £
presume that there is not a Suite m this Union,or
that ever was in the Union, that has not had a
State ilag Certainly,according to my impression,
the State of Delaware has always had one; the
Siateof Maryland has had otic; and I presume the
State of Indiana has one. Is it treason to this
Government because amotion is made in her Le-
gislature to have that which neaiiy every other
State in the Union has—a State Hag ? Hut, sir, un-
fortunately for the argument of the Senator from
Indiana, this evidence of disloyalty on the partof
the people of £he Slate of Delaware is not letf him,
for that Legislature did not purchase the State lleg.
JJut their is another evidence of disloyally.
There is some speech found, or something sun 1 i
m someudumo of the Congressional Globe, us \
he &ays, by sonu very distinguished man of the j
State of Delaw,ue, who has been honored with !
her confidence, m reference to the aireft of some I
twenty utizeru of that State, ond therefore he j
would have believe that the people of the State ;
of Doiawaie are disloy alto the Umon ThA Sen- J
ntor did not, ti 11 us who the distinguished gentle- j
man was, or we could see whether he has been uni- >
formly honored with the confidence of his State, !:
or whether he may Lave, at. some time or other, j1
and at a very recent period, been repudiated by a j'
solemn vote of the people of the State. This much 1,
I will say  n answer to that evidence of disioyahv, I;
that while it is tnu thoi some of the citizens of the
State of Delaware w«. te dragged away by Mary-
land home guards into the State of Maryland and
kept there from one to ten days, when they gave
them a hearing there was not a single charge found
to be true against one of them. Some stealthy,
secret foe had whispered in the earsof power that
his neighbor was disloyal, tmd immediately Ma-
ryland home guards were commissioned to mvade
the Suae of D< lawaie and drag her peaceable chi-
zensi fiotn their humes. They kept them ; > their
camps till vengeance vas satisfied, till they could
drum up no chaiqe ofdisloyalty against tin m, and
they v/t-re bound to let them return home. If i-vo.i
those citizens had been disloyal. why did you not
retain them in enstodv* Have you shown such
compassion during this Administrate,i-, have
those \\ ho have stood at the other end of the ave-
nue shown such afendercoosidcrntion i or the righ's
of ciuZ< ns thr-t tin y have ht the guilty go free -
!No, sir, but wnh npies and informer from one
end of i'ac land to r.lio othei they hav- kept inno-
cent people iiicnreemted, und would not f-rn give
thTn a tnnl. l-'Y-rfunao ly, in the first an;'M- ..j
the Slate of Delaware they had a hearing and were
discharged. I suppose those who were initiating
themselves to this work of imprisonment.and in-
carcerating innocent people hud not become pro-
ficients in the art, and they commenced it on a
more tender scale by not retaining them so long
when found to be innocent, and 1 presume that
that is the reason they were discharged.
The only remaining charge of disloyalty of the
people of the State of Delaware is found in the
tact, as the Senator says, that the Legislature
voted down certain resolutions which had Union
sentiments in them. I was not aware that these
journals were in the city of Washington, and I
have not had time to run through all the votes of
that Legislature; but I have had time enough to
examine and find out this, while the Senator was
addressing the Senate, that there were three or
four different sets of resolutions introduced on that
occasion; and in every set of resolutions there
was a distinct annunciation that the people of the
State of Delaware were in favor of the continuance
of the preservation of the Federal Union; but they
differed in some other matters. The Legislature
voted down every set of resolutions on that sub-
ject that was offered. You will recollect that this
was in January, 18Q1. They, however, passed a
set of resolutions on that occasion expressive of
the true feeling and sentiment of the people of that
State; and I find from this very journal that they
were passed by a unanimous vote, with the ex-
ception of one, and lie was a member of the Repub-
lican party. What were those resolutions? They
were resolutions sent to the Senators from Dela-
ware, and presented to this Senate. I will read
them:
Whereas certain resolutions are now before Congress,
submitted hy Hon. John J. Crittenden, a Senator from
the State ot Kentucky, lor the settlement of our difficulties
about the slavciy question ; and whereas the said propo-
sition for the f-pttlemont of nxis-tm? difficulties is deemed
oquuaMe. and ought to he accepted by both the North and
the South, a* it wiil,m our opinion, remove the cause that
produces the dungci of dissolution of the Union : There-
lose,
Resolved hy the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the State of Delaware in General Assembly jncf,Th«\t this
Gem tul Assembly approve of the proposition aforesaid of
Seuatoi CurrrLNDhN-, and hereby nwtiuct our Senators in
Congies^ and ieque>t oui Representative to advocate the
said proposition, <n anyothm lait and equitable proposition
or means ol loeonciliatton which will be just to both sec-
fions* ol country and obtain tlx* saneiion ot Congress; and
m cxpre^iuytlK'iiwlver*, ihey haw no doubt they reflect
the will of a la j lie majority of their oon«titiionl< ; and they
iiavo Mifficient eonluleuee m the paniotemi of the people
ot both bcctioiw, Noith and rioulh, to believe they will ap-
piove it al.-o, if jlii-ir bt use t an be la'uly taken.
4*/i<'>o/j-ert,That aeopy of the foregoing ievolution, signed
by the ^peakoj- the two House,j, and attested by the
Clerk-, b< to. warded immediately to oui Senatois and Rep-
 <*&i iitative in Con^icx?.1'
There, bir, is where Delaware stood in that cri-
sis of the nation's fate. She did not choose then
to believe, as she does not now believe, that this
Union can be saved by singing hosannas to it.
She did not believe then, nor does she believe now,
that thi.3 Union can be saved by the sword of
vengeance, which would utterly subjugate,destroy
and make desolate the southern States, as the
honorabin Senator from Indiana seems to believe;
but she did believe th^.t there was enough sense of
justice and right and patriotism left in this coun-
try, North and South, when they saw the storm
coming, when they heard the distant thunder, to
come to the rescue, and by honorable means, by
honorable compromise, avert the calamities of
war. Was she right or was she wrong? Were
her representatives in the Legislature then right
nr wrong? Had you tried the remedy which
she approved, had you adopted the Crittenden
compromise resolutions, I ask, would you this
day have brother arrayed against brother; would
you have the sickening details of the battle at
Fredericksburg; would your hospitals be filled
with the wounded, the dying,and the dead; would
every household be clothed in mourning; would
every mother's eyes be dimmed with tears, and
every agf d father's heart be pained with anguish ?
No, s:,*; but peace, happiness, and contentment
. would have prevailed. From the Atlantic on the
one r:tdc to the Pacific the other, from th' Lukes
■ of the N<'r;hto the sunny Gulfofthe South,you
would have he:-rd nothing but the rejoicings of a
united, happv, prospeiou«. and free ptopie.
Sir, your northern people app^nkd to you to
1 en me to th<  rescue then. On one occasion a Sen-
| ator from New York presented a petition signed
| by thirty-eight thousand of the voters of that State,
i asking vou to adopt pacific measures for theadjuat-
