1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
■mm
from Maine, not with the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know about that.
The second section makes another provision with
regard to midshipmen, and that has been stricken
out by an amendment of the Committee on Pi-
nance. That is an entirely different provision
from this one offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky; and of course, if we adopt this amendment,
it will bring us in collision with the House on the
subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I will restrict my amendment
to the ioyal States, according to the bill that was
passed yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. DAVIS. This amendment is precisely
similar to the bill that was passed yesterday morn-
ing, and I hope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 did not object to the
amendment that came from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, for the reason that it was the un-
derstanding in the Committee on Finance, as we
had two members of the Committee on Naval
Affairs on our committee, that it would be re-
vised with reference to the amendments which
were necessary to be made under the advice of
the Depaitme'nt; but I must object to legislation
on these other subjects going on these bills which
are not recommended by any committee particu-
larly, and especially under the circumstances that
I have suggested with reference to the legislation
in the House of Representatives on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky modifies his amendment-by in-
serting the words, " m which insurrection does
riot exist," after the words " States and Terri-
tories;" and the question is on the amendmentas
modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire what the
rule of the Senate is with reference to matters of
this description. I wish to know whether the
amendment is in order, as it does not come from
a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule will
be read.
The Secretary read it,as follows:
" 30. No amendment proposing addition til appropiiatious
shall be ifceived to anygcner.il appropriation bill, unless
itbe made to cair> out thy piovisioiia of some exMing law,
orbome act oi resolution pieviouMy parsed by the Senate
during that session, oi moved by direction of a standing or
seluet committee of the Senate, or in piiMiiance of an esti-
mate fioin the head of :>ome ol the Departments; and no
amendments shall be received who<e object is to provide
for a pi iv.ite claim, unless it be to eairy out the provisions
of an oxUtniff law oi a tieaty stipulation."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. LATHAM called for the yeas and nays,
and thr.y were ordered; nnd being taken, resulted—
yeas 15, nays 521; as follows:
YKAS — Mcsms. Anthony, Arnold, Davis, Dixon, Hairls,
How.uil, Howe, Kennedy, Latham, Powell, Richardson,
SauMmiy, Wilkinson, Willey, and WihonofMissouu—15.
NAY" S— Met&is. Chandler, (Jlai k, Coilamer, Cowan, Fes-
scudeu, Fo^tei, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hicks, King,
Mc'Doujiall, Moirill, Pornoioy, Sheinian, Sunnier, Ten
JEjck, Trumbull, Wade, Wiimot, and Wilson of Massa-
chux-tts—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I propose
the following amendment in the form of an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
And be it Jut ther enacted. That during the present rebel-
lion, the Pi evident of the United State-, when in las judg-
ment the public safety niav require it, be, and he is- heieby,
authoiized to take possession of any *teainer or vessel tor
the uof the United States, undorsuch rule1-, regulations,
and restrictions as aie pro\id<-d foi in the aet to author-
ize the PieMdent of the United States in ceitain cases to
take possession or'railroad and telegraph imts, and for other
purpo>es, approved January 31, lfG2. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I do not know but that it
is ail well enough in itself, but I do not wish it to
be put on this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Why not:
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because I do not wish to
put on an appropuation bill a matter which 1 think
will create consideiable dispute and confusion. It
is general legislation on a very important subject;
and I do not wish to put it on a bill of this sort
which wc must pass. I do not expiess any opin-
ion about the merits of the ptoposiuon itself.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I shall not
press the amendment against the wishes of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. I thought
it was appropriate to this bill, being the naval ap-
propriation bill, to authorize the Government to
take possession of the vessels and steamers of the
country, in the same manner as they have taken
the railroads, if the public exigencies require it.
I will withdraw the amendment; and I now offer
another one to be inserted as a new section:
Jhxd he it further enacted, That all instruments, docu-
ments, and papers l elating to the procurement of bounty
land, and other bounties, pensions, and orders of pay, by or
for officers, soldiers, seamen, or their legal representatives
who iiave been or may be in the service of the United States
are exempt from duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatisentirely inappro-
priate to this bill. It relates to a multiplicity of
subjects, and has nothing to do with the naval af-
fairs of the country. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will with-
draw it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want that proposition
put on this bill; but I hope as the subject is brought
to the attention of the proper committee that it
will be considered by them.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring m the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that question is
taken, I wish to amend a sum in the bill, which
I suppose can be done by general consent. The
sum m lines one hundred and sixty-eight and one
hundred and sixty-nine, instead of being $383,003,
should be $377,013.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none. The question is on concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole. Shall the vote be taken on all together,
or separately ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
separate vote on the amendment authorizing the
President to select officers of lower grades and
appoint them acting rear admirals.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved. If no other exception be
made, the Chair will put the question on concur-
ring in all the rest of the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reserved by the Senator from Ohio v\ ill now
be tead.
The Secietary read it, as follows:
J5nd be it further c «cic<?,That the President of the United
States shall have power to select any ofiicei from the grades
of commodore, euptain, or commander in the Navy, and
assign him to the temporary command of a <-qnadton, with
the lempoiary jank and titie ot a iear admiral. The rank
and title of such iear admnal shall eea-e when he bhall
cease to perform the duty to which he wa  detailed.
Mr. GRIMES. I cal! for the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason why I asked
fora separate vote on this amendment was because
the more I reflected on it, the more I doubted
whether it ought to be put on this bill or not. It
will enable the President to select an officer from
the list of commanders and place him above all
the captains and all the commodores in the service
and make him a rear admiral. It may be done in
vacation, and the nomination subsequently sub-
mitted to the Senate. Great injustice may be done
in this way; and I do not like to create a revolu-
tion in the service—because it would be a revolu-
tion—upon an appropriation bill. I think it is a
matter winch is very well worthy of being thought
about before it is ticU d upon.
Mr. GRIMES. Precisely the aune thing can
be done in the Army; and yet the Senator's in-
dignation has not been excited against it. We
passed a law at the last Congress authorizing the
President to employ any military officer ot any
grade in any capacity he saw fit to employ him
m, to put him m command of the largest army on
this continent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, we did.
Mr. FOSTER. That is the law now.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Connecticut
assures me it is the law now. I think the Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Rirn.vRfcsojr,] who was a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs in
the other House when we passed the.law, .will
bear testimony to the same effect. Is it not so?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Probably the Senator
from Iowa has stated it too broadly. The Pres-
ident has the power to select from the generals
any person to command the armies that- he sefes
proper. He has been exercising that power:&il
along.
Mr. GRIMES. He can put the youngest brig-
adier general made to-day over the oldest major
general in the Army, a man who has been in the
service and has held that commission as a general
for the last twenty years. I should like to know
wheie is the distinction in principle between that
case and this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He appoints him a major
general the moment he puts him in high command.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; he does not. He can
take a man, and have him commissioned to-day
as a brigadier general, and put him over the high-
est major general in the service, by a law that
stands on your statute-book.
Mr. NESMITH. General Hooker is only a
brigadier general.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
He has been appointed a major general and has
boon confirmed.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Oregon, a
member of the Military Committee, says he is not
a major general. „
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itisa mistake. He was
nominated and was confirmed as a major general;
the last one, however, that was confirmed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is Rosecrans a major
general ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. tie has notyetbeen con-
firmed; but he has been appointed a major gen-
eral. AH these men who have been put in import-
ant commands are major generals, though they
have not all been confirmed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then they are not major
generals.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not think I am mis-
taken in regard to this subject. It is a question
that was elaborately discussed in the Military
Committee of the House of Representatives, and
the question was made directly in favor of confer-
ring on the President the power to select from his
generals who should command armies, and he has
made those selections. In point of practice, I do
not know whether a brigadier general has ever
been put in command over major generals of di-
visions or army corps, but 1 have no doubt that
the power exists under the law. That is my re-
membrance about it at present, at all events.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My objection to the
amend mentis that I think it gives too much power,
and I am not satisfied with the way in which the
power, as it has existed, has been used heretofore
m nil cases.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Clark, Doolittle, Fos-
ter, (Jumps, Harding, Harlan, Howe, Lane of Kansas. Mc-
Uouirail, Nccimth, and Trumbull—13.
NA'Yri— Messrs. Caihle, Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dix-
on, Fe&^enden, Foot, Ilairis, Henderson, Hi*ks, Howard,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, Morrill, Powell, Salisbury, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wiiley, Wiimot, Wilson
of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—24.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN the title was
amended so as to read, "An act making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year enumg
June 30,1S64, and for other purposes."
51 TEMUTOllY OF ARIZONA.
|) Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
ii No. 357 for consideration, being the bill toorgan-
;i ize the Territory of Arizona.
!j Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not. We have a
\\ bill hero that is half finished; the Senator from
i( Maine insisted on laying it aside to take up an
■ i appropi icition bill, and the Senate agreed to do so.
11 1 objected to that; but now 1 trust u is not to be
i postponed foi a* bill to organise a newTeriitory.
| If it be, it is manifest we can never dispose of it.
!| As I said when I was up before, if it. is the dis-
i position of the Senate not to legislate on that sub-
ject, when that is Qscer-tained I shall never press
the bill any further; but, m my judgment, it is une
