1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
which has been made the special order for to-
morrow.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object until we get through
with the call of the States.
CUSTOM-HOUSE IN BALTIMORE.
Mr. MAY submitted the following resolution:
Whereas, the custom house authorities of the city of
Baltimore have imposed onerous and vexatious restrictions
upon the internal trade and commerce of the people of Mary-
land among themselves, amounting in a great degree to a
prohibition of the same, and discriminations are made in
applying the said restrictions, by the discretion of the said
authorities, of an unjust and mortifying character, and in
many instances founded upon peisonal or political preju-
dices and whereas, among others,ir is required that citizens
holding the faith of the Roman Catholic Church, as a con-
" diuon ot such trade and commerce, shal l take and subscribe
an oath discriminating against their religious faith, in the
mode and ceremony of its administration, and this at a time j
when many thousands of soldiers holdmgthe same faith are
engaged in fighting the battles of the Government of the
fTmted States; and whereas, such discrimination is con-
trary to constitutional right, and is an odious reflection on
the equality of religious pi ivilcgc; and such restrictions are
a violation of law, and a usuipation of the reserved rights
of the people of Maryland exclusively to regulate and con-
trol their own internal trade and commerce, as the same
has been decided by the Supreme Court ofthe United States,
and such restrictions can only be justified, if at all, under
military authority, and for reasons of military necessity—
wh ich do not ex 1st—and the same are a manifest oppression
oftlie people of Maryland : Therefore,
Be it resolved, 1. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to infoim thi** House whether he has authorized
or dn ected the said restrictions to be im posed; and if so, to
eommunicatc a copy of his authority or order for the same,
and all other information in his possession relating to the
same.
2. That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed to
inquire into the facts and legal authority of such proceed-
ings, with power to send for persons and papers, and tore-
poit at an eaiiy day tne iesu3t ot its investigations.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I propose to debate that res-
olution.
The'SPEAKER. Then it must go over under
the rule.
PAYMENT OF TIIE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the prompt pay-
ment of the' soldiers of the Army of the United
States; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read in extenso.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved that the resolution
be put emits passage,and demanded the previous
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military j
Affairs. j
Several Members. Oh, no! |
The previous question was seconded, and the 1
main question ordered. '
Mr. COX. The resolution ought to be amended
before it is passed, so as to include the seamen and
marines of the United States Navy, many of
whom upon the western gunboats have remained
unpaid for many months. I ask that the amend-
ment be received by unanimous consent.
The amendment was received, and agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the resolu-
tion is not to be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, I hope that it will not be adopted.
Mr. MOORHEAD'. I hope that the resolution
will be passed. It is only sheer justice to these
brave men.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the previous
question on the adoption ofthe resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELLOGG,of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the ^ ote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TI10MAS B. PRICE AND SISTER.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
intioiUieed a bill foi the relief of Thomas B. Price
and sister, of Maryland; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
Mr. DAILY, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolutions; which were severally
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
of money or lands to aid in building bridges acioss the Loup
Fork and Platte rivers on the military road; and report by
bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
of $10,000 for a geological survey of Nebraska Territory;
and report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to inquire into the expediency of appropriating
$40,000 to build a penitentiary in Nebraska Territory* and
{§60,000 to pay the city of Omaha for moneys expended by
het in building the capitol of said Territory; and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Has not the hour arrived
fixed for taking up the concurrent resolution for
an adjournment over the Christmas holidays?
The SPEAKER. No time was fixed for that
purpose.
CITIZENSHIP OF ALIENS IN THE ARMY, ETC.
Mr. WARD introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas an net entitled uAn act to define the pay and
emoluments ot'certain officer-* of the Aimy, and lor other
purpose?," in section twentv-one, provides " that any alien
of the age of twenty-one vearf and upwards who has en-
listed or shal I enlist in the armies ofthe United States. either
the resiular oi the volunteer force?, and ha* been or shall he
hereafter honorahlv discharged, maybe admitted to become
a citizen of the United State*, upon his petition, without
any pieviou? declaration of lu-3 intention to become a citi-
zen ofthe United States and that he shall not be requited
to prove more than one year'siesidence within the United
States previous to lus application to become such citizen ;
and that the couit, la admitting s-uch alien, shall, in addi-
tion to such proof of residence and crood moral charactci as
is now provided by law, be satisfied by competent proof of
such peioon having been honorably di^chaijjed from the ser-
vice of the United States, as aforesaid .,1 Therefore,
Resoh ed. That tlic Committee on the Judicialy be in-
structed to repoit an ametuunent to said -section, including
those aliens who have eitlu-!i-d <n may onhfet in the marine
corps and Navy oi the United States.
EMIGRANT BUREAU.
Mr. W ARDalso introduced the followingreso-
lution; winch was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
Emigiant Bureau in connection with the Department ofthe
Interior.
EDWARD WILLIAMS.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a hi!! for the relief of Edward Williams; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
COTTONIZING FLAX.
Mr. SHEFFIELD introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of affording finan-
cial aid in experiments to be made under the dueetion
ofthe Commissioner of Agriculture m cottonizing flax; with
leave to leport by bill or otherwise.
ENLISTMENTS IN STATES.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a joint resolution di-
recting the Secretary of War to give credit, in
estimating numbers of soldiers enrolled from the
several States, for men enlisted in the naval ser-
vice who would be otherwise liable to military
draft; which was read a first and second tinie,and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
COMMITTEE OF INVESTIGATION.
Mr. TRAIN submitted the following resolution,
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, Tiiat a select committee of five be appointed
to inquire whether any officer or employe in any Depart-
ment of tile Government is a partner, or inteiested, directly
or indirectly, in any banking house, money corporation, or
other business fnm having contract-* with the Government,
or dealing in stocks or other pioperty; and that said com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papers, and to
employ a stenographic clerk, at tiie rate of compensation
usually paid to such an otiiecr; and that <aid committee
have authority to report at any time, by bill or otherwise,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.«
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to refer the resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the previous question having been sustained.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. TRAIN. I demand the yeas aad nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 22, nays 90; as follows: -
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Bingham,Burnham,
Campbell,Clark, Davis, Eliot, Hale, Hooper,' Law, Anson
P. Morrill, Pomcroy, Potter, John If; Rice, Sargent. Sjher-
man, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Walker, and Worces-
ter— 22.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricli, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Alley, Aneona, Babbitt, Baker, Beam^n, Riddle, Jacob
B. Blair, Blake, William G.Brown,Calvert,Casey, Cham-
berlain, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Roscoe Conkling, Cox,
Cravens, Crittenden, Cutler, Delano, Duel), Dunn, "Ed-
wards, Ely, English, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D,
Fessenden, Franchot, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Gurley,
Haigbt, Hall, Harding, Harrison, Johnson, Kerrigan,
Knapp,Law,Lazear,Leary,.Lovejoy,McKean,McKnight,
May, MaynardjMoorhead, Justin S. MorriH, Morris, Nixon,
Noble, Norton, Nugcn, Patton, Pendleton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Price,Riddle, James S. Rollins, Segar,
Sheffield, Shellabarger, Smith, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tiain, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Vallandigham, Van Horn, Vibbard, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Waid, Albeit S. White, Chilton A. White, Wicklifie,
Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, Wright, and Yeaman—90.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the main question been
ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to reconsider the vota
by which the main question was ordered, so that
this matter may be referred to one of the commit-
tees already in existence.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the resolution, lean see no use in raising an-
other committee.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
whicft the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to i-econsiaer upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER TIIE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk, and move the previous
question upon it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
privilege. I call up the resolution offered by my
colleague, [Mr Mallory,] on Friday last, fixing
a time of adjournment.
The resolution was taken up and read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when this House
adjourns on Tuesday next, it adjourn to the first Monday in
January next.
The SPEAKER stated the pending question to
be on the amendment proposed by Mr. F. A.
Conkling, to strike out " the first Monday in,"
and insert " the 1st day of." •
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that I think
this a very bad time for us to go home and play
for two weeks. 1 think we ought to stay here
and attend to the public business.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 move to lay the resolution
upon the table, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 39, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley,Bingham, Blake,
Burnham, ChaiuberUin, Chirk, Roscoe Conkling, Samuel
C. Fe^enden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Goodwin, Guiley,
Harrison. Hooper, Hutclun^, FrancwW. Kellogg, Loomis,
Lovcjoy, Low, An?o  P. Morrill. Justin S. Moirill, Pike,
Porter, John H.Itice, Riddle,Sargent,Sheffield,Shellabar-
ger, Sherman, Sp.iuldmg, Steven^, Benjamin F.Thomas,
Trimble,Trowbridge, Walker, Wallace, Wilson,and Win-
dom—3D.
NAYS—Mcsm^ William Allen, Ancona, Baker, Bea-
niait, Biddle, Jacob B. Bhui, William G. Brown, Bufiiuton,
Calveit, Campbell, Cci*e> , Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conk ling, Cox, Ciavmis. Ci meuden, Cutlet. Davis.
Duell, Eliot, Elv, Eushsh, Franchot, Frank, Grangei,
Guder, Tinssht, Hall. Haiding. Hoiton, Johnson, Julian,
Keilev, Knapn, haw, Lazear, Leary, McKmght, May,
Mavnatd, Moo h<-ad. Moiris. Nixon, Noble, Noiton. Pat-
ton, Pendleton.Timothy G. Phelps,Pomeroy, PoUei,Pn-'e,
RichauKon, Liobiusori, James S. itollin>, Sedgw ick, Segar,
Shanks, Sin.-l, Sloan, Smith, Snatton, Fiancis Thomas,
Vallandigham, Vibbard, Voorhee-*, Wnd^woith, Waul, *
Whaley."Albert S. White, Ciuiton A. White, WiekJifiV;,
Woodruft, Worcester, and Yeaman—76.
So the-IIouse refused to lay the resolution upon
the tabic.
The question recurred upon its adoption.
