X68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
Mr. BLAKE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tlie affirmative—yeas 79, nays 47; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baker. Beaman, Hiddle, Jacob 13. Blair, William G.
Brown, Buffinton, Calvert, Campbell, Ca&ey, Clements,
Cobb, Cox, Cnavent-, Crittenden, Cutler, DavK DuelLEiv,
English, Fianchnt, Fiank, Granger, Grider, Ilaight, Hale,
Hall, Harding, Hooper. Norton, Johnson, Julian, Kellev,
William Kellogg, Ken i<rnri,Knapp, Lansing, Law, Lazear,
3>ary, McPheiVon, May, Maynaid, Moornead. Moms,
Nixon, Noble, Noel I, Xolton, I'atton. PemUeion, Pom^rov,
Poitcr, Pi ice, RichardfOii, Robinson, James S. Rollins,
Sedgwick, Segar, Sheffield, Sluel, .Sloan, ^mith, Stratton,
Francis Thmna?, Tiam, Tumble. Vallaruligham, Vibbaid,
Voorhees, Ward, Whaley, Albeit S. White, Chilton A.
White, Wiekliffe, WoodiufF, and Woicestei—71 .
NAYS—Me^sis. Alduch, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, TlabUU,
Bingham, Blake, Buinham, Chamberlain, Claik Coliax,
Frederick A. Oonklma, lloscoe Conidmg, Delano, Thomas
A. I>. Fessenden, Goodwin, Gurley, Uarre-on, {Iiuclmis,
Francis W. Kellogg, Loonus*, Lovejov, Low, ?.leKri)«ht,
Anson P. Moiull,"Justin K. Morrill, Nugen, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Portci, John II. Rice, ltuldle, Ddward II. Rol-
lins, Sargent, Shank*, Sht'HalMijjur, Sherman, rfpaukhng,
Stevens, Beniamui F. Thomas Tiowhiidge, Van llom,
Wadbworth, Walkei, Wallace, Wilson, and Wmdom—--17.
So the resolution was adopted.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, stated that his
colleagues, Mr. Baxter and Mr. Waltost, were
still absent in consequence of indisposition.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the lesohUion was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the consent of the
House to discharge the Committee on the Judi-
ciary from the further consideration of House
joint resolution JN7o. fcSG, Tor the emancipation of
slaves in the rebel States and Territories, with a
view of putting the same on its parage.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit a motion to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. COX. I en 11 for the yraa and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman whether that bill has ever been consid-
ered m the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The motion is to disi_har e the com-
mittee from the consideration of the bill.
Mr. P ENDLETON. My question was whether
the lull had been consideied in the Committee on
the Judiciary at all ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will inform my colleague
that the great bulk of the bill has already passed
into lav/.
The hill was read at length.
The question was taken on Mr. Bingham's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas(];2,
nays (>'3; as follows:
YLAr*—Mi Ahlneh, Allev. Arnold, AMiley, Kahlua,
Tlakei, Heanian, UiiiL'ham. Wake, I'ufiiinon, Campbell,
Chamlx'tlani, Claik. ColUv, Fiedeiick A. Conkhnif, Co-
vndu, Cutler, Uavi-., Muell, Eliot, Cl\, Samuel (J. IV^-en-
dcn.Tnoina- A. L> Ke-^emleu. t-'iant h<, l-Vuik, Gooeh,
Goodwin, (.iui lev, lloop'T, lltitelnii-., Julian, KeiSe\. Kian-
ris \Y. Ivell'tirtr, Lau^tmr. Loomi-, 1 ,<>v e|o \, Low, MeKean,
An-ou P. Moiull, Justin .Momli, i'altoii, Timoilu (i.
Pliejp-, Pike, i'omcpn . I'otiei. John 11 Riee Iii<I.Ii<^ 1 :<[-
waid II Rollins, rianrent, rteduwn K, Shank-., Slietman,
vSloan, Hpauklinjr, Sfev en*>, Tiowm id<re. Van 1 bit >i, \\ alk-
ci, Wallace, Albeit White, IVn-m. and Wmdom- C I.
WYY.S-Me^is. William Allen. William J. \ilen. \it
cona, Buldle, Jacob B, Ulan, WHii.im G. Ihown, Ca-ev,
Clement-., Cobb, Cox, Ciavem*. ('rntenden, Delano, Gian-
gei. C.'rtder, Ilaight, Hale, Hall, li.uditiir, Uam-on, Hoiion,
Johnson, Kei i luan, Kiutpp. Caw ,La/.ear, Le.it \\MeKm\'ht,
May, Maynaid, Mooihe.ul, Mom-, \j.\on, Noble, Notion,
Nuyen, Udell, Pendleton, Puce. Ilobm-on, Jamc*< Rol-
lins, Sejzar, Sheffield, Sheliabaicer. rfhiel, Suufh, Htiatron,
Dcniamin l\ Thomas, Fianen Thoma-, Tiain, Tumble,
Vnllandi^ham, Vibbaid, Yoorliees Wad-swoith, Waul,
Whaley, Chilton A White, WieKlilFe, Woodruff, Worces-
ter, and Yeaman—(52.
So (two thirds not voting therefor) the rules
were not suspended.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. WICKXTFFE said: If the rules are sus-
pended the bill will then, I suppose, come up
for adjudication under the previous question.
[Laughter. J
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not inform the gentleman whether that will be the
♦ csult or not. It will come up for consideration.
The voh- was announced as above recorded.
treasury notes. - '
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of the following
resolution presented by Mr. Walker before the
question of privilege relative to adjournment over
was called up:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary of the Tieasury, at his discretion, to issue bonds
to the amount of $1U0,000,0003 ot such denominations as
shall be be&t adapted lor tne purposes of circulation, bear-
ing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum, payable
in"tlnce or five yeats, at the pleasure of the Government,
receivable for all dues of the Government except customs.
The resolution was read, considered, and
adopted.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the consent of
the House to report from the select committee on
emancipation a bill relative to the abolishment of
slavery in Missouri, simply with aview of having
it printed and recommitted.
Mr. VALLANDICtHAM, I have no objec-
tion to its being printed, but I object to the report-
ing of the bill.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I only desire to
report it for the purpose of printing and recom-
mitting. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The House divided; and there were 17 for and
C9 against ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Vallan-
dxgiiam, and White of Indiana, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported twenty-seven in the affirmative; no further
count being demanded.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 3G; as follows:
YBA>—Messrs AUhich, Alley, Arnold, A«h!e\, Ilabtntt,
Baker, Rcatnan, Bimiham, Blake, William G. Blown, Biu-
(jnton, Uunih.mi, Campbell, Ca^ey. Cls unberlaui, Cl.uk,
Chan' nts, Colfav, Fiedetiek A. Conkhng, lloseoe Conk-
luur, Covodc, Cutler, Duvi^, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely. Samuel
C. I'Vmm mien, Thomas A. 1). Pe,-^ ml en, LVhei, Eranohot,
1'iunk, Goat h. Goodwin, Guilev, ll.de. Hamsun, Hooper,
nufchius Kelle\, Fianci- W. Kellogg, Lovejov, Low, Me-
Ivnigii!. "Vlavnaid, Mitchell, Mooriiead, Ji^tiu fcs iVIoiriil,
Nixon, iVocll, Pat ton, Timothv' G Phelp-s, Pike, pomeroy,
Potter, John II. Rice, Puddle, Edwaid U. Uolim«, Saicent,
S<Hlgvvick,?hanky,^heilield,Sliellabaii*( r, ^hetmau, Sloan,
^pauldin-r, Ste\en^, Bti.itlou, Beniamin F. Tlionuh, Train,
Ti noble, budi?o, Van Horn, Wallace, AlbeitS. White,
Wihon, ^Viinloni, and Woieerter—77.
NAV*—M.—r<. William Alien, Williiim J, Allen, Bid-
dle, Ct)lib. Cox. Cravcn-s, Cuttendcii, Gndcr, Ilaight, Hall,
Ifatdinir, John-cm, Kerrigan, Knn[>[), Law, May, Morns,
Noble, Norton, jVugen, Odell, Pi'iKlleton, Puce, Robinson,
Jame*, ilollnw, r'liio!, Ftancis Thotna<, VaUandi^'iiam,
Vibb.ud, Voorhee-, W.id--woith, Waul, Chilton A. White,
WieM/fie, Wooduiir, and Yeaman—LfG.
Ho the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted theiefor.)
The bill was then reported, oidered to be printed,
and recommitted to the select committee on eman-
cipation.
HON. J. 0. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce the following resolution:
Wheiea^ the ioliow in<j lettei has appeared m public jour-
nal-,, puipoitutsr to have been written by Joseph C. G. Ken-
nedy to Jaeob Thompson, late Sec etary of the Intcnoia
n.imelj :
WAc>litNCiTON". ,<ip! ll 0, 16GI.
Mv Dp Ait Mk. Thompson : A-> it is almost ad;tily mqiuty
: -it 1 i"ine, -• have yon wntten to Mr. Tbomp-on made by
'; mv wite and d.mgijter. and as my own teelsmr- piompt me
• to dusp you aline, I have deteimined to avoid iurther ero^s-
i questioning', and acquit mvseli to mv own eon-cienee by
,. wi ituii: I continue to hold my position, notwithstanding
' | new-papoi stateinents t<> the conttary. I have not yet spoken
, ( to the new PreMdent, but Mi. Smith has assured me that nn-
■ les-« uilerteicd with by a hi^lu-t powc i than he, I will lem.un
; undis-tuibed. I have taken nostep< to foitiiy mvself, deteini-
, med that if removed, the leeord will not Miow tlidt I have
I made efTott? to be letamed. Mis. Jvennedy oiten talk* of
, you, and ^ocin< to take real pleasure, when'.-ver a word is 
, 1 ^alu of the lu>t Adinim&tiation in liei piesence,to .ivail lier-
|! ^elf o! the opi")irunity to .^ay sometiinif: i.tvoiable to you ;
j, in fact, she i.e! lively uiatitude foi your kindness to her
; | husband, and wul nevei cherish any other sentiment. The
'; iorce in ilm (.iiiee lemains almost piecisely you loir here.
! | About twelve or thirteen have been removed for not being
II <;(Iu i' nt, but tin* chaiactei of the eleiks « <jncially protects
j| ti'em iiom eoiiu)lamt<, and Mi. Smith does not seem dis-
11 po-^ed to make injudicious chanpe . In piopoition to our
11 number, we have experienced less change than any other
' j buieau. 1 hope it may thu> enntnmc- until we aie eom-
jl pelle^, from neee^ity, to reduce the lorce. Four returns
j | of the census—two hum Louisiana, and two fiom Texas—
•' will piubably nevar bo received in the present condition of
affairs. They will not much longer be waited foi, and the
proclamation of members ot the House of Representatives
will be made regardless ot then- absence. They would not
m any way affect the re-ult in any ritute.
I know nothing of the views of the Adinim&tiation re-
garding the all-absoibing mattei of the condition of the
count!y. I believe it is intended to send a merchant vessel
to Chain Ilaiboi with piovi&ions. for Foit Suintcr. Should
she be lepelled, [ do not know what is the intention of the
powers that be. I believe the aimamerit at sea is destined
to Texas—a portion periiaps for Fort Pickens.^ God giant
we may soon be uuited in the ancient bands of amity, and
be spared the carnage of civil war. My family all delicto
be alfcctionately remembered to you and to Mis. Thompson.
Willi undiminished esteem, ever taithtullv youi uiend
and obedient servant, JOS. C. G. KENNEDY.
Hon. J. Thompson.
Therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inqune whether the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus is the author of said letter, and whethei he i- -till re-
tained in office; and that the committee have power to
send for persons and papers.
Mr. COX. There is no necessity for that res-
olution. Everybody knows that the Superintend-
ent of the Census was the author, and everybody
knows that he is still retained in office.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is in
order.
Mr. COX. 1 objcct to the resolution.
ENROLLED I31LL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (S. No. 420) to fa-
cilitate the discharge of disabled soldiers from the
Aimy and the inspection of convalescent camps
and hospitals; when the Speaker signed the bill.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now ask the
consent of the House to change the special order
fixed for to-morrow for the consideration of the
deficiency bill, and make it foi to-day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is that bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAXCER. It j\ and the gentleman pro-
poses to make it a special Older for to-day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. To be considered
in committee ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes.
There being no objection, the bill was accord-
ingly assigned as a special order for to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that all
general debate upon the bill be confined to five
minutes after the committee shall proceed to its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
ruVs be suspended, and th.it the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Lovejoy
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question in order
to be the consideration of the deficiency appropxi-
ation bill, on which general debate was limited to
five minutes.
The bill was read through a first time for in-
formation.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise for the pur-
pose of propounding an interrogatory to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill], who seems
to have this bill *m charge for the Committee of
Ways and Means. I desire to know what is the
aggregate amount of the several items of appro-
priation contained in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veunont. About one hun-
dred and nine million dollars.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. A mistake was
made by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Stevens] on Friday last, in refer-
ence to a bill which passed on the t day. He stated
that it appropriated no more than §739,000,000
for the support of the Army for the next fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 18G4. Now, sir,
on examination I find that that biH appropriates
$761,000,000, instead of ^730,000,000. I under-
stand ^ the gentleman from Vermont to say that
this bill appropriates $109,000,000 for deficiencies
in the appropriations foi the present fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, Yes, sir.
Mr.^MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
following words:
For salary of tli'j marshal of the United States eoiTmlar
com t at Bangkok, from September 6, I860, to June GO, 1861,
at £1,000 per annum, y;i.
