1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
loyally. Why? Because that party, while it has
sustained this Government throughout by its gal-
lant soldiers in the field, by its Representatives
upon this floor and in the other end of the Capi-
tol, has sought to do so under the shield and within
the limits of the Constitution, nothing more. Not
that it lias ever swerved or hesitated in the cause
of the Union; not that its people in any township,
city, or State of the loyal sections have ever de-
clared against the Government; but because they
have insisted that the Constitution has provided
means ample and complete by which to cairy on
the war to a succcssful detei mination; for this,
and this only, sir, they have been branded with
disloyalty. Gentlemen talk about disloyalty—
charge the Democratic party with sympathy with
the South and with traitors, of favoring the rebel
government, in terms of intense obloquy and re-
proach—when the very first proposition coming
from any prominent man in the country, in the
Senate or in the House of Representatives, or
among the people, for recognizing this rebel gov-
ernmentcomes from a leading member of the Re-
publican party. Strange enough, sir, while 1,
humble as I am, have never hesitated for one mo-
ment in supporting this Government by all the
humble agencies within my power, yet have not
escaped the charge of disloyalty, and while my
associates upon this floor belonging to the same
political organization have been without exception
denounced as disloyal, yet gentlemen upon the
other side of the House have heard without con-
demnation a proposition from one of their own
number, coolly and deliberately made, to recog-
nize this rebel government, and destroy the Re-
public forever.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let me say to the gen-
tleman 
Mr. VOORHEES. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, sir, I deny that
any member of the Republican party has made
any such proposition.
Mr. VOORHEES, Mr. PENDLETON, Mr.
VALLANDIGHAM, and others objected to in-
terruptions.
Mr. WASHBURNE rose.
Mr.VOORHEES. 1 object to any interruption.
Mr. WASHBURNE. i merely wanted to ask
the member from Indiana to designate the mem-
ber of the Republican party to whom he refers.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object.
M'r. HOLM AN. I say, Mr, Speaker, that such
a proposition has been made, the gentleman from
Illinois well knows by whom, and yet, sir, no
Republican rises to denounce him; and yet when
Democrats ttue to the ancient faith of the party,
spurning the idea of a division of the Union, and
willing still to toil and sutler, to hope against hope,
are seeking to maintain that Union by every con-
stitutional power, and to this end would make
every sacrifice and meet every peril, they are to
be branded as di-loyal to Hie flag of the country !
Mr. WASHBURNE. f deny that there was
any Republican number in favor of an armistice
with the rebels.
Mr. HOLMAN. Wp  hu!i nee, sir, before I
am done, that the Republican party is entitled to
the unenviable fame of proposing a dissolution
of the Union—a peace on the terms of disunion
and dishonor. What of an armistice? It is not
pretended that the proposition for suspending the
war is a Democratic measure. No, sir. The
Democratic party, while eager for ail honorable
peace, I* opposed to an armistice on two grounds:
first, it invites foreign intervention; and secondly,
u enables the icbel force to gather new strength
find eoumge, and at the same time dampens the
spirit of the Army and the people of the loyal
Status. Who does not know, sir, that a suspen-
sion of the war, with the power of the rebellion
unimpaired, is the end of the Union, without
even a shadow of hope of its restoration? with
the Mississippi river under the control of a for-
eign Power; with the Potomac and Ohio at the
host the boundaiies between Governments only
formed to renew the deadly contest; with what
jemained of the old Union ready to crumble to
pieces. Not only disunion, but total diMnte^ia-
Uon, the country torn into hostile and bleeding
fragments, would follow in the path of such policy.
The Democratic party has made every effort to
prosecute this war with effect, demanding firmly
ami steadily that itshould be a war forthe Union.
You have not passed a bill in this House—and
the same is true of the Senate—for the putting
down of the rebellion that has not received almost
every Democratic vote. Further than that, the
Democratic party—and I speak it, sir, with on
honorable and patriotic pride—has even supported
this Administration in every effort to crush the
rebellion and restore the Union, in spite of its
uolations of the Constitution, and the bitter and
malignant partisan spirit it and its adherents have
uniformly displayed.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say a word.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object to my colleague
yielding.
Mr. HOLMAN. The only difference between
the two paities is this: the Republican party has
been willing only to carry on this war upon its
own issues, through its own policy, and for the
accomplishment of its own ends; while the Dem-
ocratic party, in Congress and out of it, at home
and in the field, has not wavered a moment in its
determination that the Government should be sus-
tained let what maybe the policy of the hour. It
has asked no terms. It has made no conditions.
It has resolved that every effort of national power
shall be exhausted in the maintenance of the
Union and the Constitution; that neither shall per-
ish if mortal power can prevent. No charge of
disloyalty; no chaige of sympathizing with the
rebellion, of favoring an armistice for the purpose
of inviting foreign intervention and the recogni-
tion of the rebel confederacy—mean and dishon-
orable as these charges have been, despicable
and groveling as have been their purpose—have
changed the lofty patriotism of that party. They
are still for their country. These charges are not
true. They are false, infamously false, and are
alone made to gratify partisan animosities and
to sccure paity triumphs, even at the expense of
union of opinion in the effort to uphold the Gov-
ernment and the strength and power of united
detei munition.
In spite of this Administration and its mad and
reckless policy; in spite of its weakness and its
vacillations; in spite of those who control for the
hour the affairs of the nation; in spite of their bitter
partisanism; their heartless disregard of a bleed-
ing country in pressing forward their partisan
measures from the beginning to the present hour;
m spite of insult and unmerited reproach still true
to their country and the memory of its patriots
who have fallen in its defense, the Democratic
paity, knowing that the Republic—the Govern-
ment, the priceless legacy of a nobler period—is
not the President and his Cabinet, creatures of an
hour, but that it is the Government of the living
people, the only hope for themselves and their
children, have never waveted or hesitated in its
support and defense, or in supporting that flag,
sir, that floats over your head wherever it has
been unfurled, accounting its enemies their own.
They have, so far as concerned the support of
theGovermnent, yielded up party to the country.
They have not, as the gentleman, a leading Re-
publican from Kansas, [Mr. Conway,] has pro-
posed, consented to recognize the rebel govern-
ment , and place the outlet of the Mississippi rivei,
the life-giving power of the Northwest, in the
hands and under the control of a foreign Govern-
ment; the life-blood ofthe Northwestat the mercy
of treaties between nations of hostile and diverg-
ing interests intensified by the bitterness of war.
No, sir; no humiliating and dishonoring proposi-
tion like this has emanated from the party which,
in the insolence and arrogance of power, has been
branded by the party of the Administration as
disloyal to the Republic.
The position, sir, of the Democratic party can-
not be misunderstood. They for disunion ! Why,
sir, the Democracy of the free States and the gal-
I hint and loyal men of the border States, as repre-
| ss-nted on this floor, with that pure and illustrious
| patriot, Johnt J. Crittenden,at their head, stand
! side by side and shoulder to shoulder. In the
j late political contest of my own State the Dem-
! neracy stood, not reluctantly, but firmly, on the
I loyal and wise icsolution drawn up by that illus-
! trious statesman and approved by the conservative
; members of this House. The Union men of Kcn-
I tucky, as represented on this floor, and the Dem-
j ocracy of Indiana, joining hands across the beauti-
] ful river which divides yet unites them, with one
j heart and spirit, in the presence of the sacred dust
s which forms a bond of imperishable Union, have
renewed-the covenant of their fathers. Sir, when
you charge the Democracy with disloyalty you
assail the strong pillar of our hope, the loyal men
of the border States, who have bravely breasted
the storm of the rebellion.
Mr. CONWAY. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to permit me to make a personal explana-
tion.
Mr.HOLMAN. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CONWAY. I desire to correct a state-
ment just made by the gentleman from Indiana—>
that 1 have proposed to divide this Union. I have
made no such proposition. I have asserted that
the war in which we are now engaged has al-
ready divided the Union; and what I have pro-
posed, sir, is that this war shall be terminated on
the basis of existing facts, in order that peace may
be once more restored. I deny the charge that
some gentlemen are disposed to make against mo,
of dissolving this Union, or of disintegrating this
Union. On the contiary, I am in favor of main-
taining the Union, as it exists to-day; and no man
sets his facc against all schemes of disintegration
more than I do. I insist that the war shall be
terminated, and peace restored. That is all I ask.
That is my position.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentleman
from Kansas, and cannot, from the briefness of
my time, yield any further. It is but a question
of time. I asserted that he was in favor of dis-
solving the Union, while he asserts that the Union
is already dissolved. The difference between the
gentleman and myself is but in the form of ex-
pression. The Union is not yet dissolved. I thank
God that deep as is the darkness there is still a
gleam of hope. The gentleman from Kansas de-
mands peace, and demands it at the sacrifice of
the honor and integrity of the Government; while
Horace Greeley, the representative man and ex-
ponent and life-giver of the Republican party, pro-
poses to give us some two or three months longer
before the fiat shall go forth that the great Repub-
lic of North America has forever ceased to exist,
a gallantarmy of freemen forever dishonored ,and
the blood of a nation shed in vain. What Repub-
lican denounces him as a traitor? Sentiments like
these come not from the Democratic party. If
they did, sir, I should sit here humbled and silent,
and hear the term " traitor" hissed in my ear.
Sir, I trust I appreciate the blessings of peace;
who does not who has seen the woe and agony of
war, or heard the shriek of grief that swells with
the shout of victory or breaks the sullen silence
of defeat? But, sir, there are things bitterer than
war. Dishonorable peace, while still more bitter,
only invites its renewal; courage and fortitude
can alone compel and secure peace. Have the
enemies of the Republic asked a suspension of
hostilities—an armistice? Have they even sug-
gested the possibility of compromising the issues
that are being tried by the appeal to arms' No,
sir. Neither their sufferings nor returning patriot-
ism has as yet extorted one peaceful expression.
Shall we insult our gallant Army by humbling
them in the presence of their enemies? No, sir.
When our victones «hall be complete or the pub-
lic enemy shall ask for a cessation of war, the
magnanimity of the nation should be shown.
Until then, sir, every proposition from us in favor
of peace will only excite the contempt of our en-
emies, and invite by its apparent weakness the in-
tervention of foreign Powers. The only hope of
peace is to be found in the courage and foititude
of the loyal men of the Republic, if it were ever
otherwise, the unwise policy of this Administra-
tion has forced that condition upon us; and as
much, sir, as I deplore and condemn that policy,
it shall never compel me to turn my back upon my
country. The Administration is but the creature
of an hour, while the life of the nation, united and
prosperous cr divided and ruined, must endure
for ages.
I say, then, sir, if the northern mtnd has been
divided, it has been the result of the policy of the
Republican party. Sir, if this Union is to be
broken up—and I trust in God that that day, if it
ever shall come, will be forever accursed—it will
be the result of the policy of that party, which is
now woikmg out its legitimate results. 1 have
opposed all of the partisan measures of the Re-
publican party. I have supported every measure
necessary to the effective prosecution of this war;
every measure to sustain the Government, in men
or money, has received from this side of the House
