1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
mation of the President establishing blockades of
the southern ports, and to the several acts of Con-
gress imposing additional duties upon domestic
and foreign products, wherein, by reasoiTof those
nets and the failure of the Government to pay ac-
cording to the prescribed terms, parties have been
obstructed and prevented from a proper fulfill-
ment of the same, to the end that these accounts
may be settled and adjusted on terms of equity
and justice.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will simfdy
say, in reference to this resolution, that it is de-
signed to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
adjust certain contracts made with parties who
have contracted to furnish supplies to the Navy
Department. That Department alone, of all the
Departments of the Government, I believe, is in
the habit of making contracts for yearly supplies.
In making these contracts there are two condi-
tions: one is that the Department shall reserve
twenty per cent, on the amount of merchandise
furnished, as a guarantee for the faith ful execution
of the contracts; and the other is, that in case of the
failure of the parties to fulfill their contracts, the
Department shall proceed against their sureties
and recover from those sureties whatever sums
the Department may have expendeciin purchasing
in open market the articles that were contracted
to be supplied.
This joint resolution only covers a particular
class of cases, cases of agreements to supply arti-
cles to the Navy Department which could not be
supplied upon the termsand conditions proposed
when the country was in a state of comparative
peace. The parties to these contracts have in all
instances, so far as I am informed, fulfilled their
obligations to the best ofthcir ability; biu owing
to the act of the Government in establishing u
blockade of the southern ports, and various other
acts which I will not take the time of the House
to enumerate, it has been rendeied impossible? for
the parties, without absolute ruin for themselves,
to conform to the letter of their agreement.
It is also a part of the contracts alluded to that
the Government shall pay the amount of all ac-
crued bills within thirty days' time. It is well
known to the members of the House that the Gov-
ernment did not pay its contractors. It did not
pay the contractors in these cases, and in conse-
quence of that non-payment they were crippled,
and, in many instances, rendered utterly unable
to carry out their agreement as they might have j
done under other circumstances. They were i
obliged to exhaust their own capital, and after all
failed in the accomplishment of their purpose, and
when they did rcceive pay for what they fur-
nished, they were compelled to receive their pay
in a depreciated currency.
The resolution now before the House calls for
no appropiiation of money whatever. 11calls for
no leniency on the part of the Government and no
gratuity to these contractors. It simply asks Con-
gress to give the Secretary of the Navy authority
to adjust ihesc accounts in such manner as he
shall deem just and equitable.
I believe I have stated all the essential points
in the joint resolution; and I hope that, without
further delay, the House will concur in its pas-
sage.
Mr. ODELL. I would ask the gentleman what •
line of articles this joint resolution covers? lie j
says it covers only a specific line of merchandise.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. If my col-
league will allow me, I will state a single ease em-
braced in this resolution. 'Those who have ex-
amined any of these contracts will recollect that
there is a penalty in this form: twenty per cent, i
is retained in all these cases to meet any breach j!
of the contract, or any default of the parties mak- |;
nig tlie contiact. The object of this resolution is i'
to authorize the Secietary of the Navy, in cases :
where justice requires, to remit these penalties. ;
I will state a case by way of illustration. Aparty
contracted, for instance, to furnish turpentine; j
such a case is within my own knowledge. At the J
time the contract was made it could be purchased j
for thirty cents per gallon; that was, perhaps, the \
ordinary market price. When the blockade was j
established, of course the ports from which this j
article could be obtained were closed,and turpen- |
tine rose to $1 60 per gallon. Well, under this .
contract the party was compelled to furnish it at
that price.
The ©bjecf of this resolution is to ftilow the
Secretary of the Navy in such cases, where the
performance of the contract has been defeated by
action of the Government which the party making
the contract could not reasonably anticipate, to
remit the penalties and settle the contract upon
principles of justice and equity.
Mr. ODELL. I want a direct answer to my
question, what line of articles this joint resolution
provides for?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The articles that
are embraced in the requisition from the bureau
are provisions and supplies for the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. ODELL. Does it not cover a great many
other things than those referred to by the gentle-
man's colleague?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It would
probably cover more; rice, for example, to some
extent, and for like reasons, as in the case of tur-
pentine, though the increase of price was by no
means so great.
Mr. ODELL. I would like the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Rick] to answer my ques-
tion. Do not the provisions of this resolution cover
every class of merchandise as well as those re-
ferred to by his colleague, rice and turpentine?
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. 1 will say in an-
swer to the gentleman from New York, that I think
most of the claims of a similar character outside of
the Bureau of Provisions and Supplies have been
settled. If there be other cases outside of that
bureau that come under the equitable provisions
of this resolution, it would probably cover them,
and it ought to do so. I know of no reason why
the Government should take advantage of citizens
who have done their best to fulfill their agree-
ments with it, but have been disabled from the
further fulfillment of them by the acts of the Gov-
ernment itself. All that this resolution provides
i«, that the Government may make an equitable
settlement with men who have, to the best of their
ability, fulfilled their engagements with the Gov-
ernment at the same time that it has not fulfilled
its agreements with them.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think this is the same
resolution that we had before us some days ago.
Mr. F. A. CONlvLING. No, sir; it is quite
a different thing.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I understand the object
to be substantially the same as the one which was
before the House some days ago, and which was
recommitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I do not know that the attention of the House
can be called to the extraordinary provisions of
this joint resolution, which opens the door to a
series of transactions to which there will be no
end. This resolution proposes special legislation
for the relief of certain contractor who have hud
contracts with the Government. Perhaps upon
some articles they may not have made a groat deal
of money, and they*may have lost some money
on others; and it is proposed to authorize them
by this joint resolution to come before the Secre-
tary of the Navy and have a settlement made upon
principles of equity and justice.
Now, I wish gentlemen to understand what will
be the result of this resolution if we shall pass it;
and I ask gentlemen if they aie prepared to open
the door, not only in these cases, but in eveiy case
for which this shall be a pieccdcnt. The Govern-
ment has entered into contracts with these men
upon which they allege they have not made as
much money as they intended, or perhaps they
may have lost money on some specific articles,
and they come m here and ask relief without
showing how much money they have made upon
other articles. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Opei.lJ said when this subject was last, be-
fore the House, that one firm, largely interested
m this bill, had made at least $500,0()0 out of the
Government, and yet we are callcd upon, because
they may have loatupon a few articles, to pass
this joint resolution in order that they may be re-
lieved. 1 trust Congress will not open the doors
and make a precedent of this kind under which
every contractor in the country can come in and
ask to be relieved.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest that an amendment
be attached to this joint resolution to the effect
that those who have lost from contacts shall be
paid out of the gains of those who have profited.
Mr. STEVENS. Better end it by laying iton
the table,
Mr. WASH BURN F,. To f^st fh^ of Ht1
House I move that the joint resolution be laid
upon the table.
Mr. TRAIN. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion to allow me to make a few remarks?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion,
and yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. TRAIN. J wish to say a word about this
matter. My friend from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] seems to have a great passion for fighting
anybody who comes here and pretends that he
has an honest claim. Now, I have done some
little thing for the great Northwest, and I would
like to be considered a moment. I am not to
be voted out. The gentleman talks as if he knew
something about this matter. He does not know
anything about it. The parties m whose favor
the passage of this bill is asked, are men who
made contracts with the Government before the
rebellion broke out, before the 4th of March, and
while Mr. Buchanan was President of the United
States. The contracts were made on the assump-
tion that the country was to remain at peace, and
when the force of the Navy was but eight thou-
sand men. The war broke out, and the contract-
ors were called upon to supply for a Navy of
twenty thousand men instead of eight thousand.
In addition to that, the southern ports, from
which the supplies were drawn, were blockaded
by the Government They continued on furnish-
ing supplies under their contracts until the sup-
plies were exhausted. Besides this difficulty, the
Government did not pay them one dime for what
they furnished. The Government forfeited its
faith to them, paying them nothing; and still they,
went on supplying under their contracts, until
they were impoverished. Contractors in the State
of Massachusetts earned on their contracts as
long as they could, for the purpose of sustain-
ing the Government; and when they could go on
no further they gave in, the Government all the
while retaining twenty per cent, of the price, as it
had a right to do under the contracts.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. YVasiiburne] says
that somebody has made a good deal of money.
I do not know who they are. I have not seen
anybody here who has made much money lately,
but I have heard of agood many people who have
lost money. My idea is that all tins talk about
people who have made great fortunes out of the
Government does not amount to much. I know
that some of these men who ask be settled with
on principles of justice and equity are not now
able to buy their daily bread. 1 know one of
them who does not know where to get his break-
fast to-morrow, who contracted with the Govern-
ment, and in good faith expended ^150,000 under
his contiact, that the Government might be able
to go on and crush the rebellion. I would like
to know on what principle the gentleman from
Illinois objects to allowing the .Secretary of the
Navy to settle with these parties on principles of
equity and justice. 1 have been tiying at the
Navy Department for a year and a half to have
these matters adjusted, but there is no law for it.
The Secretary of the Navy desires that this reso-
lution shall pass. Mr. Bridge, the head of the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, than whom
there is not, in my judgment, a more honest man
in the Republic, destr<.s that the resolution shall
pass, so that he may be able to do justice to these
men. Now, I would like to have my friend fiom
Illinois tell me why some officer of the Govern-
ment should not be allowed to make a fair settle-
ment of these contracts with these men.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, it is an
ungracious task for any member here to oppose a
bill where private inteiests are involved,but lam
a little surprised thatmv friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Train] should indulge in the course of
remark which he has indulged m. He spoke of
what he had donMor the North we^t, and for which
I, as a northwestern man, certainly feel grateful
to him, as I do to all gentlemen who have shown
liberality to that section. But I believe he acted
from a sense of public duty, and 1 trust he will
give me the same credit as I accoul to him.
I believe that by the passage of this lesolution
we are opening wide a door of abuses. The gen-
tleman states there are haid cases in these con-
tracts, that men have lost money by them, and that
is a reason why he proposes to leave this thing to
the settlementof the Secretary of thu Navy. !fpe-
euliar circumstances have arisen through which
rontraetors hove loBt money, let them come to
