172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
of the whole number of votes given shall be necessary to
t\fe choice of a chairman of a standing committee. Aii
otbei comiiutco'3 shall be appointed by ballot; and a plu-
rality of votes shall make a choice."
My point is, that it is not competent for the
Senate, by a majority vote, in this way to appoint
a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The practice of the
Senate has uniformly been to authorize the Chair
t,o appoint select committees, unless 
Mr. HALE. That has been done by unani-
mous consent.
Mi. FOOT. The pending question, lat me sug-
gest to the Chair, is upon raising a select commit-
tee. It 3s a separate and independent question j
howthatcommitteeshallbeappointed. Thepomt
of order does not apply to the present question.
Mr. MALE. The point of order was on the
motion that this bill should be referred to the same
committee that was appointed laat year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That committee is
not in existence; it died with its report; but the
Chair had the impression that it was competent
for the Senator to move to refer the bill to the same
individual persons who composed that committee.
Under the rule of the Senate, however, the com-
mittee, of whomever composed, must be appointed
by ballot, unless by the unanimous consent of the
Senate they authorize the Chair to appoint. The
Chair so nilos. The first question, then, is on
referring the billtoaselectcommitteeof seven mem-
bers, and that is the question before the Senate.
# The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
will the Senate rai^e that committee r
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let it be appointed by
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is thorp any ob-
jection? If there be no objection, it will be un-
derstood that the committee will be appointed by
the Chair.
Mr. McDougah., Mr. Clark, Mr. Lan'ic of
Kansas, Mr. Willey, Mr. Harlan, Mr. Har-
ris, and Mr. Wilkinson were appointed the com-
mittee.
Air. LANE, of Kansas. I move to refer Sen-
ate bill No. 435, to promote the construction of
railroads and telegraphs in the State of Kansas,
and for other purposes, to the select committee
which has just been appointed on the motion of
the Senator fiom California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be ordered.
MJSSSAUE If ROM THE ItOCSlS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethkridur, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (No.
^67) to dmde the Slate ol Michigan into two ju-
dicial distiicts, and to piovide for holding the
disnict and eucuit coin is therein; in which it
lequested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
hail agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. 59v>) to amend the act
entitled 44 An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and to pay interest on
the public debt," approved July 1, 1862.
The message further announced that the House
of Repiesentauves had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the resolution of the House to ad-
journ fiom this day until the iiistMonday in Jan-
uary next.
noesi; isrix ukkhiuied.
The hill from the House of Representatives,
(No, 2(]7,) to divide the State of Michigan into two
judicial distuets, and to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts therein, was lead twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
VESSELS FOIL TIIE BANKS EXPEDITION.
Mr. HALE submitted the followingresolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the lert commute'! of the Semite ap-
pointed oil the -ivM instant. !o iiiqmie into the matter of
chartering: transport ves-eh l'u tin- Hanks expedition, be
nl -o nMturted to impure into the manner of Urn employ-
ment ot tian^poits generally bv the .jiia!terma<ter> of the
Army, or by the agents ol tin* War Department, the rates
at whuh tlun weiu eug.iyed, by whom, for what puipoae,
and toi how long u tune.
JOHN ALEXANDER.
Mi. Alt DOUG ALL submitted the following
resolution; winch was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate be nuthouzed to pay to John Alexan-
der, Esq., the sum of $156 2.3. for decorating and furnish-
ing material for decorating and placing the painting known
as the Storming of Chapultepee.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 407) to fix the
terms of the circuit court in the district of Wis-
consin, with an amendment; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 592) to amend the act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, and to pay interest on the
public debt,"approved July 1,1862: which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice President.
SOLDIERS AT TIIE DELAWARE ELECTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no fur-
ther morning business, the following resolution,
, submitted by the Senator fiom Delaware, [Mr.
Saulsbury,] is now in order as the unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesteiday. It
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary ot War he, and iif is hereby,
directed to miorm the Senate win lliti aimed soldiers wvro
sent into the State of Delaware, to he pie-cnt at the polls
on the 4th day of November la^t, the d.iv of the general elec-
tion in said State; and if so, by whose" oidets, upon who^-o
application, the nece-Mty, U any, rot their being so -sent, ibi*
what purpose they were sent, to what places by name they
weie sent, how many were sent, h#vv many to each of r-neh
places, the name- ot the legimentr- oi companies sent, the
names ot the ofbeers com mamiin? such regiments and com-
panies; and wliethei any, and, tl'&o, how many piovo-t mar-
shals weie or have been appointed, and at what place?, in
' said State, wiih then names.-, the necessity, it any. tor then
| appointment, and the poweis contorted upon them: and
' that he communicate to the Senate all papers and orders m
his lJepaument relating 10 the sending oi'tueh aoidieic into
fcaid State.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the pending motion
is to refer the resolution to the Committee on iVIih-
tary Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is thepend-
! ing motion.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and [Mr. Anthony] who submitted that motion
will withdraw it, I desire to oifer an amendment
in the shape of a substitute for the resolution be-
fore it shall be thus referred.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will bo, read.
The Secretary read if; to strike out all after the
word " resolved," and insert:
That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the Sen-
ate whether or not any United States tioops were sent by
In-: direction, oi b> the direction of an\ general ofl'ieer of
the Aimy, to intend the polls at any of the election precinct*
at the last Novembci election m the State of Delaware, and
ifso lor whatpuipose; it such tioops were ^o ^ent, whether
they, oi any ot them, pcipetiated anv violenee oi outrage
upon any ot the citizens of said Stale, and tf so whether
any steps have been taken to puni-lt the guilty panics.
Mr. SAULSBURY. i am aware that it is im-
possible for me to get all the information I desire
in reference to this case, and that whatever prop-
osition comes from the other side of the Chamber
will necessarily be adopted-; but I suggest to the
Senator from Iowa, if it is the intention of that side
of the Chamber to put the resolution m their own
j shape, to make this addition to it: " and whether
any persons called or known by the name of Ma-
j ryland home guards were so employed." T do
I not know whether they might be considered " Uni-
; ted States troops," in the language of the rcsolu-
j tion, or not. They were organized, I believe,for
I the purpose of remaining in that State, but por-
| tions of them were sent into the State of Delaware,
j Mr. GRIMES. I know of no intention of the
i gentlemen on this side of the Chamber in regard
: to that resolution. I have offen.d it, without con-
: sulfation with any human being, upon my own
1 volition. The Senators from Delaware have risen
here m their nlaces and stated, as the represent?)-
^ tives of a sovereign State, that a portion of the
i Army of the Unii-nl Spates has been employed in
i attending the polls in the State of Delaware; that
; they have perpetrated vioienc- upon certain of the
j citizens of thatSuue. Now,if United Slates troops
| have attended theic, anu were sent by the Secre-
. tary of War fur the purpose of preserving quiet
there, instead of being censurable for so doing, I
think they were sent for a laudable purpose; and
I do not wish to have the resolution couched in
such language as to infer that he was guilty of any
improper conduct, but merely to draw out the fact,
which I presume to be the fact, that troops were
sent there, and that they did assist in preserving
quiet at the polls. If they have perpetrated any
violence, I want to know it; and I want the Secre-
tary of War and the military authorities to apply
the correction. I do not wish, as one of the repre-
sentatives of a sovereign State, to shrink from any
investigation in connection with that subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will ask the Senator
from Iowa whether he will amend his resolution
so as to include the Maryland home guards'
Mr. GRIMES. If they werehomeguards, they
were under the direction of the Secretary of War,
or somrt superior military officer.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course, if the Senate had
chosen to alter a resolution of inquiry submitted
by a Senator in reference to the affairs of his own
State, I would not question their right to do so;
nor do I question the power or the right of the
honorable Senator from Iowa to tell us what in-
quiry we ought to make as to facts which inter-
est the State of Delaware more particularly, and
which have no relation to his own Stair; but
surely if is somethingextraordmary that the hon-
orable Senator should ask us to adopt his phrase-
ology and his view of inquiry, which embody
substantially—I am not sneaking of words—things
aboutwhich we are entirely inUiiierunt,and which
omit matters which we believe to be of vital im-
portance in point of principle. I will state them
both.
We ask nothing about whether these troops
committed outrages or not. That is to be the sub-
ject of investigation, but not before this body. Wo
shall have those facts hereafter. They will h( in-
vestigated. They will be known, and shall be
known to the country, by full proof, not by any
application to the Senate. Wc therefore embody
in our resolution nothing but an inquiry into tho
fact of whether the forces of the United Stales-—
not the Army, but the forces in the employment
of the United States—were sent into the State of
Delaware. I3y applying it to the Army, the words
might technically confine it to the regular Army.
W hat I said was, that a major general of the Army
ofthe United States had been in command of forces
sent there. That is undoubtedly true. As to the
character of the forces, whether they were Mary-
land home guards, under some particular stip-
ulations which are not recognized in reference
either to volunteers or regulars in the Army ofthe
United States or not, if they were still under his
orders, they were in the employment of the United
States. No matter by what form of military co-
ercion the General Government interferes with the
elective franchise of a State, I hold it to be equally
unconstitutional and wrong.
The honorable Senator from Iowa supposes
that if the Secretary of War reports that no out-
rages were perpetrated, arid wo can make no coun-
ter report as to that, there is no harm done. I'le
even tells you here that it was perfectly proper and
right to send troops there, if the object in sending
them theie was to prevent disturbance. It was
precisely on that point that we desired informa-
tion. Supposing the soldiers under their com-
manders had behaved well, supposing the soldiers
under their commander shad perpeti ated no wrong,
we want to know why Federal troops were sent
into a State not in revolt, not contemplating and
which has never contemplated resistance to the
Federal authority, who overawe citizens in the
exercise of the elective franchise, which is a ne-
cessary result of the act. There can be no excuse
for the fact itself, when the fact itself oncc becomes
established, unless the Secretary has been misled
by improper misrepresentations trom persons to
whom he has credulously yielded his attention.
That would be an excuse, no justiiiccition: but we
desire information as to the fact of sending troops
of the United States to superintend an election in
a State on any alleged plea of apprehended dis-
turbance at the polls.
The suppression of disturbance at the polls is
within the authority of the State. It is her laws
that are to repress it. There never has been any
disturbance m the State of Delaware. The United
States, ir their own authority had been set at de-
fiance, if there was any organization to set it at
