1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
defiance, might well plead that they sent troops
there for the purpose of putting down that organ-
ization; but the United States have neither the
authority, the duty, nor the right to undeitake to
eay they will send their military into a State to
prevent disturbance at the polls. The moment
they do that, if it is submitted to, the election of
every State in this Union becomes under Federal
surveillance. That is not the form of your Gov-
ernment. In your States, you let those vote whom
you please under your own laws; you regulate the
mode of conducting elections and the place; you
appoint the authorities to carry it out; you en-
force the proper penalties for any misconduct, or
any interference whatever with the exercise of the
rights of a freeman m reference to his elective
franchise.
31) my own State, ever since it has been a State,
our law has prohibited even the mustering,within
ten days before an election, of soldiers within the
Stale. That was our view of it; that it was the
excrcisc of a freeman's privilege, with which the
military ought not in any mode to be connected.
We believed that \vc could always put down any-
thing like riot and disorder. We have never had
any, except those ordinary accidental assaults
which will occur in the heat of contested elections;
but there lias never been in the State anything
hke disorder.
As i have stated, the only excuse which could
justify the United States, notwithstanding the
opinion of the honorable Senator from Iowa, in
undertaking to keep order at the polls of a State,
must be that there is resistance to the authority of
the Gencial Government contemplated,or reason
to believe it. Without that there could be no ex-
cuse for it; and it is very evident the form of your
Government will be subverted if such a doctrine
is to be held in this country, and carried out in
practice. I care nothing about the question as to
what the troops did. The Secretary cannot know
that, it is not tor him to inquire into what they
did. We are not acting here on the ground of
complaint m any particular case. It is a question
that affects the elective franchise, and our object
of inquiry is to know whether there was any suf-
ficient reason on which the Secretary grounded
his action of sending troops there at all.
Ag.un, sir, there is another part of the inquiry
'which, as the honorable Senator from Iowa chooses
to amend this resolution, is entirely avoided and
left out; and that is an inquiry as to the number of
provost marshals and the place of their location in
the State of Delaware. Why should we not know
it? These officers, we know, under the oider of the
Seeietary of War of the 26th day of September
last, are to be appointed by him ad libitum.
GEMEJUb BANKRUPT LAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the duty
of the Chair to arrest this subject for the purpose
of colling up the special order. The special order of
the day is the bii! (S. No. 324) to provide for the
relief of honest but unfortunate debtors, and the
distribution of thru- property among their credit-
or.-?, by the establishment of a uniform system of
bankiuntcy throughout the United States, whi^h
is now before Urn .Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to dispense with the spe-
cial ord'*r, m order to trJ.e up a motion that I made
a dny or two ago to reconsider the vote rejecting
the bill for the rHr f of Ciuules Anderson.
Mr. DOOLfTTLE. 1 hope this bankrupt bill
will not be postponed. It is a subject that ought
to be ac'ed upon. It is a matter of general inter-
est. I <Io not know what particular bill it is that
the Senator from Kentucky refe:s to; but I think
we had better continue the consideration of the
bankrupt bi'l.
Mr. FOSTER. I join with the Senator who
last addn^-ied the Chair, Mr. President, in honing
thnt it will not be postponed. I did not wish to
interpose an objection, because I do n Jt wisn to
be antagonizing tie; b;|] constantly with every-
thing that may he brought, forward. J trust
thnt Senators v/ili see tin; importance of acting
upon tiiis bill, it being <?o full of doteil, at a lime
when we may act before we get such a ptvssuie
upon us Hint it will be impossible to doanytning
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to post-
pone the further consideration of the hi!!, with a
view to proceed to the consideration of the motion
indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. When this bill was before
the Senate the other day, I offered an amendment;
but, upon an objection raised to its constitution-
ality by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,]
and concurred in by my honorable friend from
New York, [Mr. Harris,] I thought proper to
withdraw the amendment for a time, to give to the
matter a little more full consideration. I confess,
sir, that the objection to its constitutionality hav-
ing been raised from so distinguished a source,
for a moment staggered me in my own opinion.
But, sir, I have given to the subject moie full con-
sideration, and 1 am quite satisfied that I was cor-
rect in the proposition as it was originally intro-
duced, and that the impression of my honorable
friends who sit upon my right, as to the unconsti-
tutionality of that proposition, was a thing of the
first impression on their part, and not a matter of
examination and full consideration.
Theamendmentwhich I introduced, I now pro-
pose to renew. I oiler it again; and in offering
it, I desire to state in a single word the conclu-
sions to which my mind has arrived, and which
I think are well founded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to suggest that there is now a
pending amendment. The Senator's amendment
will be in order after the pending question shall
have been put. The pending amendment is that
which was submitted by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] in lino nine, of the first section,
after the word M debts," to insert " except such
as have accrued on account of personal service as
a mechanic, laboier, or servant."
Air. DOOL1TTLE. I thought that wasadopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
way not adopted; and the question before the Sen-
ate is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Iowa.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. It will make a feature in a bank-
rupt bill which has never been in one before; and
there will be great difficulty in giving it such con-
stiuetion as will be satisfactory, even to the hon-
orable Senator who offers it. I ask for the read-
me; of it again.
The Secretary read the amendment, in the first
section, line nine, after the word " debts," to in-
sert ''except such as have accrued on account
of personal service as a mechanic, laborei,or
servant;" so that the clause will then read:
Tii,it any pei-nn who shrill hereaftei commit an art of
hankiuptry d< fined by tin-ac-t, oi shall be ad|uds < d lo
lie a '/..nkiupt. upon a ptoceodnij? had and taken .indei thi-
Eft f"i>! that purpose, shall, upon the -m lender and delivesy
of all l i> piopeitv lor distribution among In- ei editor?.. :>e-
cuidintj to th« pioviMusib of' ilas act. be entitled to a lull
diM?huii'e fo.m hi-, debts, except jnicli a- have aecitied on
account of peisoual seivice as a mechanic, laboiei,or ber-
vant.
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt the honorable Sen-
ator has in mind cases specifically named theie,
wheie the claims perhaps would amount to a few
hundred dollars cr.eh—the ordinary mechanic that
might he employed r.bout a farm-house or in a
man's usual employment, or a hired laboier, ora
metiiel servant, their chums amounting to small
sums each,perhaps altogethera small sum. Rut,
Mr. President, suppose a man be a ship-builder
and he has built a ship for a merchant, and owes
for building the ship $20,0U0, it would be com-
posed within this amendment. The merchant
p^.'-smg through bankruptcy would be saved fiom
■some other debts; but a debt owing to a ship- ji
builder who had built a ship for him would still ij
he due under the amendment. So with amannfac- d
furor who might by possibility owe a greot many !j
hundred persons afew hundred dollars apiece for j-
labor; the debts of this class would amount to ji
many thousands of dollars. The amendment, if jj
adopted, would go, I am persuaded, much further ;!
than the honoiablc Senator intends to go; snd it .j
would, I say, be introducing a feature into this o
bxll making it entirely an exception to the bills.;
creating a bankrupt law ever pissed in an}'conn-
try. Ah I suggested the other dajr, then- is a pref-
ore nee given for the payment of debts of this dc- j
scriptio.i to a certain amount in the bul; if it is not , (
large enough, or if it should be modified. I would ;j
be obliged to the Senator if he voukl make tiie t;
suggestion; but I submit, wn*i grtiat deference to ,,
what I know is a verv desnr-ble object in lusmind,
that it would be manifestly the destruction^the
bill to have such a feature as this adopted in the-
manner proposed. I hope, therefore, the Senator
will be inclined to withdraw the amendment, or,to
modify it as I have suggested.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think, sir, thatth$
language used in the amendment proposed is sub-
ject to the criticism which has been made. The
" personal service" of a mechanic could not in-
clude §20,000 worth of materials embraced in the
construction of a ship.
Mr. FOSTER. Not materials, but labor.
Mr. HARLAN. Nor do I think it possible
for the constructor of a ship to earn, by his per-
sonal service, a debt of that magnitude. I think
it is straining the use of words to give such an ap-
plication to tne term that is included in the amend-
ment. The words employed have, as it seems to
me, a meaning sufficiently definite to justify their
use in theamendmentproposed. Itisforthe pur-
pose of meeting the very case that the Senator sug-
gested in the second instance, that I have proposed
to except debts of this character. There are in
the Northwest, and perhaps in every section of the
country, large contractors who employ the labor
of great numbers of laboring men in the construc-
tion of canals and railroads, and other public
works, who have repeatedly, in time past, de-
frauded the laborers whom they have employed;
and it seems to me that unless this exception is
made, it will only prepare the way for the per-
petration of immense frauds of this kind in the
future. The amendment is so simple in its char-
acter as to require no argument, it seems to me;
but I desire that, when the question shall be taken,
it may be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nay?? were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs*!-*. Biownins, Cl.uk, Collamer. Cowan,
DoohulCj Foot,Grimes, Hale. Ilauhn?, Harlan. Henderson,
IJowmd, Kennedy. Kmsr, Ij.uic ofludi.ma. Lane of Kansas,
Latham. McDougall, Moiriil. NcMisith, I'omeroy, Powell,
Itiee, SauMmrv,"Sherman,  Suimiei, Ten F.jek, Trumbull,
VVilley, Wilbou of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and
Wiight -32.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Arnold, Foster, andflowe—4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now renew the amend-
ment to which I have alluded. I propose after the
word " bankrupt," in the forty-second line of the
fifth section, to insert " excepting such real and
personal property as may be exempt from sale on
execution or other final process by the laws of the
State in which such bankrupt resides."
Mr. Picsident, the objection which was raised
the other day by my friend from Indiana, is, I
have no doubt, an objection which occurred to him
on the first impression, without going into an ex-
amination or a full consideration of the question;
and he was sustained in his views by what I sup-
pose was the first impression of my honorable
friend from New York. The objection of both
these gentlemen, for whose opinions I have such
high respect, staggered me in my own, and for the
moment I determined to withdraw the amendment,
and give the subject a fuller consideration. I have
done so, sir, and I am now satisfied that my propo-
sition is both constitutional and expedient.
The objection raised by the gentlemen is that
if this amendment were adopted, the operation of
the act would not be uniform in the various States,
the language of the Constitution being that Con-
gress shaUhave power to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy. Now, Mr. Picsident, this is
more specious than solid. The sysuni is uni-
form, for the system proposes to subject to the
operations of this bankrupt bill, all the property
of a bankrupt which can now bylaw be subjected
to the payment of his debts. If their objection
proves anything, it proves altogether too much.
Ey the laws of some States, New York for in-
stance, the wire is protected m the enjoyment of
her persona! and real estate precisely the same as
if she were a fvmmc cole; in Massachusetts, it is
directly otheiwtse—there the common law rule
prevails, as J understand; so that the operation of
your bankrupt law would not be uniform in Mas-
sachusetts and in New York. Why? In Massa-
chusetts, a husband holding a life estate in the
wile's real estate, would be compelled to assign
that life estate to the assignee in bankruptcy; but
in New York, no such effect would take place,
because by the law of New Yoik the husband
has no such property in the wife's real estate
that it can be subjected to the payment of his
