174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
debts. It is the law of the State which declares
what shall be and what shall not be property—
not the law of the United States, It depends on
State legislation whetheracertain species of prop-
erty exists, or whether a certain species of prop-
erty shall be subjected to the payment of debts.
So, now, sir, in regard to the Federal laws as to
the collection of debts, the operation of those laws
is not uniform. The evidence by which certain
facts are proved is different in one State from
whatit is in another. The rule of evidence which
is the law of the State becomes the rule of evi-
dence in the Federal court. So, too, sir, as to the
execution upon a judgment; the execution upon
a judgment in Wisconsin or New York does not
touch the homestead which is protected by the
laws of the State. The execution issued upon a
Federal judgment reaches precisely what an ex-
ecution issued upon a State judgment reaches,
neither more nor less.
I say, Mr. President, that the system is uni-
form. The system subjects, in every State, the
property of the debtor to the operation of this
bankruptcy—that property which is liable to the
payment of debts; and if in one State one thing
is property which in another State is not property,
this bankrupt law of ours, which undertakes to
establish a uniform system, cannot change the
laws of the States and make that property which
is not property. You cannot, by the law of bank-
ruptcy, declare that a husband shall have a life
estate m the real estate of the wife when the law
of the State declares that he shall not have it.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Wilt the Senator allow
me to ask him a question by way of suggestion?
Of course an execution, sued out upnn°a judg-
ment recovered in the State courts, would be con-
trolled hy the exemption contained in the statute
of the Slate. Would not an execution upon a
judgment issued out of the Federal courts, m the
same w;iy ?
Mr. DOOLITTLK. Certainly, an execution
issued from the Fed era) court, as I stated, per-
haps before the Senator came in, does not touch
any ^property which is exempt under tin; l;uv of
the btate any more than the execution issued upon
the judgment of a State court.
. I Ril.V> therefore, Mr. President, that after giv-
ing to tins subject a fuller consideration,! am sails- :
fied that this objection to the constitutionality of '
my amendment is not well founded; and us to the I
expediency of this amendment, it seems tome no !
person who desires that we should have n bank- '
rupt lull, and have it stand as the law of tins coun- I
try, can doubt for one moment the absolute Be- ]
cessity of our giving to the homestead, which is ;
protected by the laws of the various States, the 1
protection given by those laws. We cannot for :
£i moment suppose that a law of Congiess that I
shall undertake to oveituiu this legislation 01'the j
fatfues, which is so completely int"cnvo\en with I
their system, and which goes home and reaches j
to the homes and the hearts of the people, will be '
allowed to Stand upon your statute-book longer I
than until Congress shall again assemble. The i
people would demand its repeal. j
I>esides,sir, it isrit;ht that the homestead should !
be cxeinpied. f undertake to say, that of all the !
debts contracted by a human beino-, the debt i
whie.il he owes to Ins family is the most sacred. 1
Sir, the family is the unit of human society, upon \
w.nch all good Micicty must rest, and all free in- i
stmuions; and in a free Government, and under j
a republican system, it should be the duly not !
only of all the States 111 their legist.idon, but of J
Congress in its legislation to acknowledge that I
te/ation, to defend it, to throw e\ery saf'ixuard |i
arourid it; and, sir, it is no injustice to creditors 'j
tnat the debt which a man owes to his wife and i
to Ins children should be recognized unon the i
statute-book as bring sacred. That relation is :i
recognized by the laws of ti!e States, and weou-lit ,
to recognize tie- laws of the Statm on this seine, t i
I thciefoie, Mr. Pi%idc.,t, shall insist upon mv
amendment. ' -
Mr. fRUMttULL. Mr. President, I must sav
- that tnc argument of the .Senator from Wisconsin *1
has failed entirely to satisfy me of its soundness, j'
Hie e<mytituuona! provision is a clear one, under- !!
Stood by all, that Congress has tuthoufy to !'
a uniform system of bankruptcy, it must h«Ta '
umtoim system. It would not bo n umun ui >sys- '!
ten* of bankruptcy jf, under the system, the pion- '•
erty of the debtor was exempted from itp o'frl r
tion in one State, when it was not exempted in
another State. The Senator from Wisconsin an-
swers to this that the laws of the States by which
persons hold property are not uniform, and his
illustration is that in some of the States of the
Union the wife is permitted to hold her separate
property. Then it belong.? to her, and as a mat-
ter of course the bankrupt law does not touch it at
all. That which the wife owns is not the prop-
erty of the husband and never was his; but be-
cause such is the law of some of the States, and
you cannot subject to the operation of your bank-
rupt law property that never belonged to the bank-
rupt, therefore it does not follow that you may
exempt property which does belong to the bank-
rupt in one State and not exempt it in another.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend will allow me
to interrupt him right upon that point, so that we
can understand each other fully. The ground I
take is that by the laws of those States which
exempt to the head of a family residing upon it a
homestead, there is created a property in the fam-
ily which cannot be divested by the sole act of
the head of the family. That is to say, by any
indebtedncssof his, by any judgment against him
lie cannot subject it to his debt. Pur instance, in
the State of Wisconsin he cannot even mortgage
or convoy it without the conscnlof his wife. She
must sign the deed and acknowledge if before he
con mortgage lust homestead. What I maintain
is that by virtue of the laws of these States the
property is in the family as an association, and
cannot be taken away from it by the simple in-
debtedness of the head of the family.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Fiesident, it is very
clear that il in Wisconsin the homestead does not
belong to the husband, and the husband is de-
clared abiuikuipt, the hoim-sttad will not go into
his estate, and pass into the hands of the assignee.
1 hat is (in answer to the Senator; but whatever
property does belong to the bankrupt, whether in
New York or in Wisconsin, must be subjected to
one uniform rule; and you cannot exempt from
the operation of your bankrupt law property be-
, longing to the bankrupt in one State winch is not
j exemptin another. Now, if the law of Wisconsin
j be such that the husband has only a qualified es-
I tatc in the homestead, if it bo so that he cannot
convey fhe homestead, (hat he cannotmortgdge it,
that he has only a qualified estate in it, doubtless
the bankrupt law will only subject to its operation
that qualified estate, whatever it may be. But
whatever it is, whatever estate he has, must be
subjected to the operation of this law justthe same
; in one State as another, or else the system will not
! be uniform; and it is very clear to me that if you
i pass a hiw which is subject to the legislation of
| each State as to what property shall be exempted
I fi om its operation—i mean what property belon0*-
j nig to the bankrupt, and not what belongs to his
I wife, which he does not own—itis not a uniform
bankrupt law.
Mr. CO WAN. I ask the Senator from Illinois
wnetner tins bill requires the bankrupt to assign
property, the title to which is in him, but which,
by the State laws, is exempted from execution:
is that the provision of the bill?
Air. TRUMBULL. The provision is that the
provisional assignee shall take possession of the
estate of the bankrupt. I understand the Senator
from Wisconsin to move to amend that by add-
ing a clause excepting such pioperty as may be
exempt from execution by the laws of the State
where the banking resides, I think we cannot
make that exception and do it consistently with
the Constitution. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania understands the point; I shall not repeat
what 1 said before.
Mr. COWAN. I think the Senator from Illi-
nois is right, because the various States may have
se verol ditterent systems of exemption. One State
may exempt §10,000 worth of property of a debtor
from tx.vution, and another State but HI,000
worth. Toe.i there would be $9,000 difference in
e amount of assets to bo distributed. I do not
see ,iow ue la*v e,ui be mad„ umform uulew it
til I tUie?f,t l,J bankrupt to all property
which he may hold, whether or not it be ex-
eniptea from execution in the State in which he
be an-il ed  t 0"ly Wiy ul"formity can
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on i
iv am"ndmcnt proposed by the Sen-
ato. fiom vYi&eonsm. '
I ask for the yeas and
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 26; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Collamer, Doolittlc, Field, Foot. Grimes
Harlan, Howe, McDougaH, Pomeroy, Rice, and Wilson of
Missouri—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Clark
Cowan, Fes^endcn, Foster, Hale. Raiding, Harris, Hender-
son, Howard, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, Morull, Powell, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
Wright—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the 36th page, in sec-
tion twenty-four, line three, 1 move to strike out
the words " other than banking or railroad cor-
porations." The section declares " that the pro-
visions of this act shall apply to all corporations
and joint-stock companies, other than banking or
railroad corporations." I see no occasion for ex-
cepting banking and railroad corporations from
the provisions of the act, for if there are any cor-
porations in this country which more than any
other have so managed their affairs as to defraud
honest labor, they are the banking and railroad
corporations of the country, and I think if any
corporations arc to be subjected to the provisions
of this act and to be put into bankruptcy and have
their affairs settled up by assignees and their prop-
erty applied to the payment of their honest debts,
it should be these dishonest banks. As the pro-
vision now stands, private banks and banking
associations may be put into bankruptcy by their
creditors, and I would have it so that banking
institutions chartered by the States should also be
put into bankruptcy by their creditors when guilty
of dishonest practices.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill now includes man-
ufacturing corporations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. lam not for favoring them
any more, than any other corporations, and 1 know
not why manufacturing corporations should be,
liable to be put into bankruptcy by their creditors
when they are guilty of dishonest practices, and
banks be excluded from the provision. I do not
propose to argue it, but I trust that the words ex-
cepting these corporations will be struck out, as
I have proposed.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, this bill goes
further, I believe, than any of the former bank-
rupt lavvs in the country, in putting any corpora-
tions within its sphere. The only corporations
that this lull exempts are the two named by the
honorable; Senator from Illinois, banks and rail-
roads. I think it would be attended, at the pres-
ent tune, with too great a shock to the business
of the country to put these two classes of corpo-
I rations within the provisions of this law. There
j are no banks in the country, at the present time,
that are paying specie for their notes. If, under
the operations of this law, every banlcin the coun-
try is put into bankruptcy because it refuses to
make specie payments, we might as well put the
Grovernmont itself into bankruptcy; we might as
well put the several States of th^ Union into bank-
ruptcy; we might as well put the counties in the
several states into bankruptcy, and the towns and
v\Citl,es* ®h°uM Include all corporations,
it that be the ground on which we proceed.
_ I confess I think the bill goes far enough, omit-
tinS> for the present, banking and railroad corpo-
rations.^ No doubt there may be cases of dishon-
esty in tne management of those cot po rations; but
by far the greater part, I trust, of the hunks of
the country^are managed by men of integiity and
honesty. So, I trust, in regard to railroad corpo-
i The shock Will certainly be very great
I if all these corporations, as the country is now
< situated, were liable to be put in bankruptcy. I
i hope Uie amendment may not be adopted,
j. Mr. HALE, { confess that when this propo-
jj sition was first suggested by the honorable Sen-
ij ator from Illinois, I^was in favor of it, but I am
j, not now; and th^re is another suggestion besides
j. tha. presented by the honorable Senator from Con-
j j ncetieut which strikes me with considerable force,
I and it is this: tins is a bill fur relief, and if yon
I, anew banking corporations to relieve themselves
jj by taking the benefitof the act, yon will free them
j| Ver7 many obligations which they are now
! ' 'n8ta,lce5 if a bank may avail itself
j ot the bankrupt iaw, it may then wind up by
j paving o ver all i(s assets, Nov/, sir, the last bank
taimre that occurred in the State which 1 have the
