1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
luwo, &t., was referred to the Committee on the |
Judiciary. i
The motion was entered. I
Mr. HOOPER. This bill has been before the j
House nowin various forms for more than twelve i
months. Ail the sections of the bill have been
carefully considered, and various gentlemen have
spoken in reference toil in thedifterentdiscussions
which have occurred upon the financial questions
before the House. I therefore do not propose to
make any debate upon the bill, but will merely
movfi its reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNG. Will the gentle-
man allow mc to make an inquiry of him ?
Mr.SPAULDlNG. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNG. I want to make
an inquiry for information.
Mr. HOOPER. I yield to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLiNG. Which gentle-
man from Now Yoik?
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman who is a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means/ [Mr.
SpAULDItfG.]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. With the per-
mission of my colleague, I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman who has charge of this
bill. I have an amendment or two which I desire
very much to offer and have a vote upon; and I
would like to know at what time amendments
will be permitted, as I do not wish to thrust them
in to the inconvenience of those who have charge
of the bill. 1 would like to know whether this
motion to commit is entered for the purpose of
cutting off amendments?
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will answer the gentleman's question.
Mr. STEVENS. It is pioposed, I believe, by
the friends of this bill to allow whatever discus-
sion is desired, in the most convenient mode of
making the discussion, and for that reason this
motion is made. After proper discussion is had
it is proposed to withdraw the motion to commit
and allow gentlemen to offer such amendments as
they desire.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is all fair
enough.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Spaulding] if he will allow
me to offer an amendment to the motion to com-
mit.
Mr. SPAULDING. I am simply going to dis-
cuss this hill, and then hand it over to the gentle-
men who have charge of it.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me, I will say that, whatever
other gentlemen may do, I do not intend to de-
mand the previous question when the motion to
commit is withdrawn. . I desire to afford a fair
opportunity to offer amendments, and have them
voted on, but I desire to have the discussion upon
the present motion.
Mi. NOELL. The gentleman does not under-
stand what 1 want. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to the motion to refer, and not to offer an
mnendmi nt to the hill.
Mi. SPAULDING. I cannot yield now.
Mr. NOELL. I will send the amendment to
the Clerk \s desk.
Mr. SPAULDING. I decline to yield the floor
now.
Mr. NOELL. I ask that it be read.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask my colleague [Mr. Hooper] a question r
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 decline to yield the floor.
I desire to proceed with the discussion now.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a question of order, ft
is that I am entitled toentermy motion to amend
the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order The gentleman from
New York dechucsio yield the floor.
Mr. HOLMxYN. I rise to a point of order. I
desite to know u hethcr tho merits of this biil are
debatable upon a motion to commit?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They are, under
the rules of the House.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to know whether all
discussion as to the course this bill shall take is
to he smothered. ["Ordor!,,> "Older!"]
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 decline to yield the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to another point of
order. There seems to be «i difference between
the bill as printed and the bill as read by the Clerk.
There is a section of the bill which provides that
all the expenses for carrying out the provisions
of this bill shall be paid out of the Treasury. If
there is such a provision in the bill as read, of
course it makes an appropriation, and the bill
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That point has
been once raised, and the Chair has overruled it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point is based upon the
sixty-fourth section of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Indiana cannottake the gentleman from New
Yoi k off the floor by a point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is that the
sixty-fourth section virtually makes an appropri-
ation; and I refer the Chair to the decision of the
Speaker made on the canal bill, where the prin-
ciple involved was the same as that raised here.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the sixty-
fourth section.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
read the section.
The section was read, as follows:
Jlnd be it father enacted, ThatTtie bonds forfeited as pro-
vided in the last preceding scction may be canceled to an
amount equal to the ciiculatmg notes redeemed and paid,
oi Mirh bonds may be sold, tinder the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and alter retaining out of tlie pro-
ceeds a sum sufficient to pay the whole amount of circu-
lating note* for tho redemption of which such bond'? are
held, the f-uiplus if an v icmains, shall be paid to the bank
or banking association fiom which such bonds were re-
ceived.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. McPIIERSON. I move to lay thenppeal
upon the fable.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to the point of
order being entertained. The gentleman from
New Yoik has the floor to make a speech, and he
cannot be taken from the floor upon such a point
of order as that raised by the gentleman from In-
diana.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair ovei-
rules the point of older.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 9S, nays 22; as follows:
VKAS—Me^rf. Aldnch, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Haker,
Baxter, lleaman, Bimjham, Blake, William G. Biown,
Bullhuon, Campbell, Chambri lain, Clement^, Coilax, Fred-
erick A < 'i)ii!\lni<r, Covode, <'i infield, Cat lei. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Diven, Dunn, EdwauN, Eliot. T'lly, Fenlon, Sam-
uel C. Fes^emh'n, Thomas A. U. Fesscmlt'ii. Fisher, Fran-
ehot, Fiank.(>ooch, Under, flalm. Haight. Hale, Harrison,
Hickman. Iloopei, liorton, Hutching, Johnson, KWlev,
Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Low. Mchidoe,
McKean. McKniglit, McPiiei^ou, Mailoiy, Maiston, May-
naid, Mitchell, Mooihead, Justin S. Moirill, Nixon,Noell,
Odoil, Olm, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Portei, Alexander 11. lliee, John 11. Rice, Kiddle. James
S. Rollins, Saigeut. Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Shellabai -
ger, Sloan, Spauldmg, Steven-', Stiatton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Tio\vbiid<je, Van Hoin, Van Valkenburuh, Van
Wyck, Verrec, Wadt-vvoiih, Walker, Washbutne, Web-
stei, VYheolei, Whaley, Allteir S. White, Wilson. VVm-
dom, Wotce-.ter,and Wright—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily,Cox, Ciavens. Harding,
Hohnau, Law. Lazear, Menzies, Noble, Norton, Nugen,
Pi iee, llobiusyn, Slue], Suuth. Stiles, Wallace, Chilton A.
White, Wickhfle. Wondintf, and Yeamnn—22.
So the appeal was laid on tho table.
Mr.SPAULDlNG. Mr. Speaker, this is a very
important bill,and I may be indulged in a few re-
marks upon its scope and objects, I have already
stated in the debate on the finance hill that T had
no doubt of the constitutionality of the national
hank bill proposed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, nor had I any doubt that State banks were
also constitutional; that both systems of banking
might be useful within their sphere of action, and
that I was willing the country should have both
kinds of banking; that inasmuch as the national
Government had hitherto failed to establish a per-
manent system of national banking, State banks
had, as a necessary means of commerce and the
operations of State governments, become firmly
established, and that the Supreme Court of the
United States had,by repeated decisions, held that
they were constitutional and legitimate State insti-
tutions.
The coercive features in the pendmgbill against
State banks having been stricken out, I intend to
give it my vote; not because I think it will afford
any considerable relief to the Treasury in the next
two or three years, or that it will in any manner
lessen the issue of paper money, but because I re-
gard it as the commencement of a permanent sys-
tem for providing a national currency that will, if
wisely administered, be of great benefit to the peo-
ple, and a reliable support to the Government in
the future.
The President in his annual message, and the
Secretary of the Treasury in his annual report,
recommend the passage of a free banking law,
authorizing the issue of a national curiency which
shall be of uniform value in all parts of the coun-
try, and to be secured by a pledge of United States
stocks deposited in the Treasury of the United
States. The bill in all its essential features is like
the free banking law of the State of New York,
which has been in successful operation in that
State since 1838. Legal tender notes issued direct
from the Treasury, without the agency of a bank,
constitute a national currency uniform in value, in
all parts of the United States, and bearing no in-
terest, is an advantageous loan to the Government
by the people who receive and circulate this kind
of currency. These legal tender notes arc based
solely on the faith of the Governmcntand all the
taxable property under the jurisdiction of the
United States, if Congress performs its duty by-
imposing taxes on this property, and the Execu-
tive enforces the collection thereof, all these notes
will be ultimately redeemed and retired from cir-
culation.
These notes are declared by law to b,e money,
and they circulate as money in all parts of the
United States. The free banking law is.proposed
by the Executive for the purpose of combining
private capital with the credit of the Government
in the issue of bank bills similar in all respects to
legal tender notes. The only difference between
them will be that the legal tender notes have only
the United States Government to provide for their
redemption, while the bank bills, when issued,
will have, in addition to the liability of the Gov-
ernment, the direct promise of the. banking asso-
ciations issuing them that they will redeem them
on presentation at the bank, not in specie cer-
tainly during the suspension of specie payments,
but in legal tender notes, and after a general re-
sumption of specie payments by the banks and
the Government, then to be redeemed in coin.
Legal tender notes issued direct from the Treas-
ury constitute a loan to the Government without
interest. Bank notes, under this bill, would be
loaned to the Government and the people at six
and seven per cent, interest. We give to the
banking associations the interest on the national
currency issued by them, as an inducement to
them to form these associations and become liable
fur its redemption. Instead of the Government
issuing this national currency direct to the soldieis
and othercreditors without interest, it sells its own
six per cent, bonds to the banking associations,
and takes.its pay in legal tender notes; the bank-
ing associations take the six per cent, bonds from
the Secretary of the Treasury and deposit them
with the Treasurer, and thereupon the Comptrol-
ler of the Currency furnishes to such banking
associations the national cutrency, theTreasurer
holding the bonds as security for their redemp-
tion.
This national circulation is, then, money owned
by such associations, like any other bank bills.
They may be loaned to the people or the Gov-
ernment, like any other money belonging to a
bank; and when loaned, the banking associations
get six or seven per cent, interestforits use. The
associations also draw the interest on the bonds
previously hypothecated with the Treasurer. By
this operation the associations gain,first, six per
cent, interest on their loans; and second, six per
cent, interest on the bonds hypothecated with the
Treasurer. In this way the banking associations
get ten or twelve per cent, gross interest per an-
num, and the Government pays six of it on the
bonds sold to the associations, and which are
hypothecated with the Treasurer. The Govern-
I ment gives this bonus and the privileges of bank-
