in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
' Mr. COLLAMER. I withdraw the addition,
and move simply to insert the words 41 or muni-
cipal" before " corporations.'5
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from New Hampshire why he will put a
literary institution,that happens to be in difficulty,
in a condition where anybody can close it up and
dispose of its effects, and wind up the institution;
and why he will not put a banking or a railroad
corporation in the same position ? Why shall wc
legislate in favor of a moneyed institution to the
disadvantage of an eleemosynary institution ? It
seems to me that that word ought to be put in; and
I move to insert " literary or eleemosynary insti-
tution." . .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. " Scientific or religious.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, say " literary, scientific,
or religious."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Iowa is to insert, after the
word " municipal," the woids " literary, scien-
tific, or religious."
Mr. HALE. I hope not. I will state, m a
word or two, why X am opposed to thif> amend-
ment. The honorable Senator from Iowa pro-
posed a question to me which I will notui dertake
to answer. I/Ie wants to know why I am m favor
of legislating for moneyed institutions instead of
the people.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. HALE. Well, that is substantially it. I
will simply answer by saying that it is an inter-
rogatory that is hardly worthy of the distinguished
source from whence it comes. I trust that 1 am
governed by no such notion as that; but T think
there is a mistake in putting eleemosynary and
charitable institutions under the general provisions
of this bill. In the first place, 1 think that those
institutions ought not to start m debt. I think it
is bad policy for a college, academy, church, or
any othereleemosynavy institution to run in debt;
and whenever they do run in debt, they take a
course which the legislating ought nnt to sanc-
tion. it is a bad plan to undertake to be chari-
table on other folks' money.
I havc'biown one of these eleemosynary in-
stitutions to explode, I think, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts. It was an attempt to build a church,
a very large church, upon the deposits or contri-
butions of the mechanics that worked in the mills
in the place; and it turned out to be a stupendous
fraud-, and those that put their money into that
eleemosynary institution, found themselves under
the necessity of seeking aid from eleemosynary
institutions elsewhere instead of giving any them-
sclvess
I think that thi<?, which is a commercial meas-
ure, and which is looked to as a commercial meas-
ure, and looked to something which is to be
permanent in the legislation of the country, for the
benefit of commerce, should not sweep so^vido
and take in ail those institutions. Theie is no
necessity for it, no public policy that would just-
ify it. i think that these institutions hod better
be left to the wholesome regulations of the State
laws where they belong. It is unwise and in-
judicious for Congiess to undertake to legislate for
all these institutions, and they will embarrass a
bankrupt bill; and every such amendment as this
that is put has a tendency to defeat it; and there-
fore ! think all those who are m favoi oi defeating
the measure ought to vole for these amendments,
but those who want a judicious bill ought vote
Against them.
' Mr. GRIMES. I ceilainly did not intendjjy
putting my interrogatoi y to the Senator from New
Hampshire to be oiTensiw to him, for the fact is
that I regard him as one of tee genuine tribunes
of the people, and he ought to know that I have
Always legarded him in that light. Rut as 1 un-
derstand it, the case is this: as the bill now stands,
these corporations are putin the same position as
piivafe individuals; and according to the piovis-
jons of the bi!l, if a puvate individual is in debt
to the amount of ^300, his eicditor can toice him
into bankruptcy. It will be a very easy matter
for any person who is a little malevolent, who
feels unkindly towaids this institution, or that,
towards the American Bible Society for instanc,
or a literary institution, or a missionary society,
to secure *>500 of their indebtedness, and then foice
them into bankruptcy, and wind up th° whole con-
cern. Thi.s may never occur; ptobabiv c nnwr
will occur; but is it proper for us to leave these
institutions in such a position that they may be en-
tirely subject to the action of some individual who
may have hostility to them? I think not. I think
they ought to be excepted, certainly as much as
bank and railroad corporations; but whether we
except banks and railroad corporations or not, I
think these institutions ought by all means to
be excepted. While, therefore, I voted against
excepting the others, I shall vote for excepting
these.
Mr. POMEROY. I thinlc the amendment of-
fered bj' the Senator from Iowa is certainly a very
good one, and I was on the point of moving it my-
self. The objection of the Senator from New
Hampshire is that those religious institutions
should not get in debt. To be sure, it is very much
better for them not to go in debt; and they ought
not perhaps to £o in debt, and be charitable on
other people's money, as the Senator says. So,
too, it is better for individuals not to go in debt,
and if they would not go in debt they would not
need a bankrupt law. But if we are legislating tor
the relief of anybody or any institution, I cannot
see why wc should not, ki a special manner guard
these benevolent institutions which are the guard-
ians of public morals, literature, and learning.
I think if the bill should afford relief in any direc-
tion, it certainly should be here.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to move an amen d-
ment in the fifth section of the bill. After the
word " bankrupt" in the forty-third line of that
section, I move to insert the words " real and per-
sonal, liable to sale on execution or other final
process issued out of the district or circuit courts
of the United States."
Mr. HALE. That amendment has been once
voted down by the Senate, by a vote ot thirty or
forty to three or four, and I hope it will not be
adopted in this new form.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment has not
been voted down by the Senate at all, and any
amendment offered by me has not been voted
down by thirty or forty to three or four. The
Sena'or is just as much mistaken in the one state-
ment as in t,hi' other. lie can go and look at the
record, and find the vote on the amendment which
1 did offer. The amendment which I did offer
was a proposition to exempt from the operation
of the act such property as is exempt by the laws
of the States. That was voted dov/n. Now, I
propose that by the bankrupt bill you shall take
the pioperty which you take on the judgments of
your courts—the district and circuit courts of the
United States—putting it on a different ground;
that we, by ibis bankrupt law, shall reach the same
propeity we do under our laws to enforce the col-
I'ction of debts in our own courts, and by our own
process.
Pint, Mr. President, 1 do not care to discuss this
question at the pies.iit time, as it is a very im-
portant one, and theie has been intimated 011 the
part of tile Senate a disposition to go into exec-
utive session or to adjourn, and I do not care to
press this proposition to a vote at the present time.
It is a matter to which I shall call the serious at-
tention of the Senate; for I expect that this amend-
ment will be adopted when the Senate shall fully
consider the question which is now presented. Is
the idea to be tolerated in this Senate that you will
now undertake, by your bankrupt law, to force
from men what you cannot force from them by
judgment and execution > That is the question.
Will you unch'itake by your bankrupt law to
reach evciy man m this countiy who may be in-
debted, and force from him what you cannot take
by a creditor's bui, or cannot get by judgment
and execution r Is that the proposition ? 1 have
no sdta, sir, that this Senate will vote against a
proposition like that which I now offer, when it
is fully considered; and, as I say, my purpose is
not to pi ess the consideration of it now. I am
willing to move to go into executive session, and
will do so.
.Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the motion if
the Senator tVom Vermont desires me to do so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I deshv the Senate to go
into executive session. There is one appointment
proposed which lequires action; the condition of
tilings lequir.-s it. 1 therefore ask for at) executive
session for a few minutes. I make the motion.
Tin- motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Ttjesday, December 23, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to lay
before the House certain executive communica-
tions.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I shall move to correct the Journal;
and I suppose that if I do not do it now, there
will be no other time when it can be done. I will
yield with great pleasure till the Chair shall havo
laid before the House those executive communica-
tions, if 1 do not thereby lose the privilege.
The SPEAKER. The usual practice is to move
to correct the Journal immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire, then, to call the
attention of the Chair to the fact that the protest
which I presented yesterday morning to the House
has not been inserted on the Journal—or as, per-
haps, I had better state it—that a portion of the
resolution which T offered to the House has not
been inserted on the Journal.
The Chair will perceive that the resolution
winch I offered was that a certain accompanying
paper, which was a part of the resolution, be en-
tered on the Journal. That lesolution has not been
copied in full, and does not appear. From the
resolution that I offered there has been stricken
everything that I desired to have on the Journal.
1 call the attention of the Chair to page 95 of
Barclay's Digest, from which it appears that
"Every tcriffen motion made ill the IIou=e shall be in-
serted oil the Journals with tiie name of the member
making it.imlos^ it be wilhdiaw n on liie Mimo day on winch
it iva= submitted. All motions., however, to he emeiodon
the Jouina!, m'i*t be til -t entertained by the Speaker."
In connection with that, I would call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the official report of the reso-
lution which I offered as it appears in the Globe.
By reference to that, the Chair will perceive that
that poition of the resolution which has been
omitted from the Journal forms an essential part
of the resolution.
I will also call the attention of the Chair to page
ICO of the Digest, in which the effect of a motion
to lay upon the table is discussed:
Under the paiiiamemaiy law." snyv the Digest, " this
mofion is only made when the Hou^e ■•nvnetlnng else
win* Si claim-Ats present attention, but would t>e willing to
) o-or\o m their }jn\\ er to take up a propo-mou wh^ne'vorit
siu.ll s-uit them. Bat in tbo House <>f Representatives it is
usuall} made for the purpose of jjivnuz a piopo^uon or bill
it? c dt-'a'h blow and when it prevails the measure i-. rarely
ever taken up acram duunjr the ^tHon.''
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will suspend until the Chair states the proposition,
and it will then he open to debute. The gentle-
man from Ohio rises to a privileged question, and
moves to correct the Journal, claiming that a pro-
test offered by him yesterday, and which does not
appear upon the Journal, should he entered as a
part of his resolution, under the rule of the House
requiring all motions made in writing to be entered
on the Journal. The Chair, following the prece-
dents established by the House, overrules the mo-
tion, and decides that it is not m oidcr to correct
the Journal in the mode proposed, for th^ leason
that it is not in oidcr to spread upon the Journal
indirectly what the House has ahcady refused to
place there. The Chair will now hear any fur-
ther argument the gentleman has to make, and will
then cite the practice of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio to give way to allow tlie 1 louse to con-
cur in certain amendments of the Senate.
Mr. PENDLETON. i will «ive way with
pleasure, if it is the wish of tlie House.
The SPEAKER. Nothing can be done until
the question of condoling the Journal has been
disposed of, without creating great confusion.^
Mi. PENDLETON. 1 have but a word inr-
thertosayin reference to tins matter. Having
called attention to t he remarks in P  tvelay's Dii,rpst 
on the effect of a motion to lay on the table, 1 was
about to say that it had been said that if this pro-
test wore entered upon the Journal, it wonMe^n-
