THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land ifVrs.
The SPEAKER" stated the business in order to
be the call of committees for reports.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported back Senate joint resolution No. 110, m
relation to certain maps, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The resolution, which was read, authorizes the
Superintendent of Public Printing to contract for
the lithographing of certain land maps.
The resolution was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CLARK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELATIONS WITII BRITISH COLUMBIA.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution; whigh
was read, considered, anil agreed to: f
Resolved, That live thousand copies of tin: letter of the
Seeictary of the Trea-'iuy of Jtily 11, I8tv2, on the subject
ot our relations with noithwtM hnti^h Ameiiea, partieu-
latlv tl)'1 cential districts.ot the Red Uivei ot the ftoith,ail£
the Saskatchewan, be printed ioi the use ot'^jc House.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
nnd Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1864; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. .STEVENS moved that the bill be made a
special order in the Committee of the Whole on
tin' state ofthe Union for the 5th of January next,
and for each day thereafter until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
FLOYD ACCEPTANCES.
Mr. HOOPER moved that the Committee of
Ways and Means be discharged from the further
consideration of various papers in reference to the
Floyd acceptances, and that they be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion way agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS 03? MTCITIGAN.
Mr. BINGHAM called up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which House bill No. 267, to
divide the State of Michigan into two judicial dis-
tiictx, and to provide for holding the district and
circuit courts therein, was passed; and moved that
the motion to icconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WISCONSIN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call up the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
F. A. OoNKLjKr«,j to reconsider the vote by which
Senate bill No. 407, to fix the terms of the cir-
cuit court in the district of Wisconsin, was passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman from
Ohio has called up the motion with my consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. When this bill was up be-
fore tlie House some days ago, J did not give it
my attention; but I was under the impression that
it would not work any hurt or wrong to any rit-
izen of the United States. I have since been in-
formed that the bill, as it passed the Senate, will
work oppression to the citizens of the United
States whose cases are pending m the couituf
Wisconsin. 1 now ask that the motion to recon-
sid'r bo agreed to, so that a substitute may be
oil'red for the Senate bill, which will provide
against the oppression of anysuitoi in that court.
The vote by which the bill was passed was re-
considered; and then the House reconsidered the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third time.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted a substitute for the
b;li, which was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to bo read a
thud time; and it was accordingly read the third
him and passed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed the resolution of the House
for an adjournment over the Christmas holidays,
with the following amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
Strike out all after the word 44 that" and insert the follow-
ing :
When the two IIou*e-« respectively adjourn to-day, it be
to meet on the first Monday of January next, at twelve
o'cloek, m.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment is designed
to include the Senate, and I move that it be con-
'curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. CLEMENTS introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
That the Secietary of Wai be directed to com-
municate to tlii< a copy oi the report of the vwtoss
to the Militaiy Academy at We>t Point, oi June last.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE TO TIIE ASSESSORS.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Po.^t Office and Post ltoads, reported back the
resolution of the House in reference to the expe-
diency of giving the franking privilege to the as-
sessors of the internal revenue, with the recom-
mendation that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject, and that
it be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the committee
were discharged, and the resolution was laid on
the table.
POSTAL MONEY ORDERS.
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back House bill
No. 602, to establish a postal money ordei system,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that to promote
public convenience, and to insure greater security
in the transferof money through the United States
mails, the Postmaster General shall be authorized
to establish, under such rules ami regulations as
he may find expedient and necessary, a uniform
money order system at all post offices which he
may deem suitable therefor, and which shall be
designated and known as " money order offices;"
and that it shall be the duty of the deputy post-
master at every money order office to issue, m
such manner and foim as the Postmaster General
may proscribe, an order for a sum of money pay-
able by the deputy postmaster of any other money
order office which the person applying therefor
may select; and the deputy postmaster who issues
such order shall*be required to send through the
mails, without delay, to the deputy postmaster on
whom it is drawn, due notice thereof, and he shall
not deliver such order to the applicant therefor
until the latter shall first have deposited with him
the amount of money for which such oider is
drawn, together with the proper charge or com-
mission therelor as hereinafter piovided; audit
shall not be lawful for any deputy postmaster to
issue money order on any other deputy post-
master without having previously received the
money therefor; and any person who shall violate
this provision shall be deemed guilty of misde-
meanor, and on conviction thereof shall be lined
in any sum not less than fifty nor more than five
11 hundred dollars.
]! The second section provides that a money or-
i| der shall not he valid or payable unless it he drawn
on a printed or engraved form, which shall be fur-
nished to the money order offices by the Postmas-
ter General; and if shrill be the duty of the latter
to supply such offices also with blank forms of
application for money orders, one of which the
deputy postmaster shad hand to each applicant
foi a money order, who shall be required to enter,
or cause to be entered, therein his own name and
the name and address of the party to whom the
order is to be paid, together with the amount there-
of; and all such applications, when filled up and
delivered to the deputy postmaster, shall be pre-
served on file at Ins office for such length of time
as the Postmaster General may prescribe.
The third section provides that no money order
shall be issued for any sum less than one or more
than thirty dollars; and that all persons who re-
ceive money orders shall be required to pay there-
for the following charges or commissions: for an
order for one dollar, or for any larger sum, but
not exceeding ten dollars, a commission of five
cents shall be charged and exacted by the post-
master giving such order; for an order of more
than ten and not exceeding twenty dollars, the
charge shall be ten cents; and every order for an
additional sum of ten dollars, or for an additional
sum of less than ten dollars, shall be charged with
an additional commission of five cents.
The fourth section provides that if the purchaser
of a money order, from having made an error in
stating the name of the office of payment, or the
name of the payee, or for other reasons, be desir-
ous that the said money order be modified or
changed, it shall be the duty of the deputy post-
master from whom he received it to take back, at
his request, the first order, and issue another in
lieu thereof, for which a new commission shall be
charged and exacted; and it shall also be the duty
of a deputy postmaster to repay the amount of
any money order to the person who obtained it,
if the latter apply for such repayment and return
the money oider, but the charge or commission
paid therefor shall notm any case be refunded.
The fifth section provides that if any money
order be not presented to the deputy postmaster
on whom it is drawn within ninety days after its
date, it shall not bo valid or payable; but the Post-
master General -shall be authorized, on application
of the payee of such money order, to cause anew
order, m lieu thereof, to be issued in his favor,
for which a second commission shall be exacted;
and the Postmaster General is further authorized,
whenever a money order shall have been lost, to
cause a duplicate thereof to be issued, for which
a second commission shall be paid, on application
of the remitter or of the payee of such order, pro-
vided the party losing the original shall furnish a
statement, under oath or affirmation, setting forth
the loss or destruction thereof, and a certificate
from the postmaster, by whom it was payable,
that it had not been paid, and that it would not
thereafter.
The sixth section provides that in case the payee
of a money order is from any cause prevented from
presenting it in person, he may, by his written in-
dorsement to that effect, direct it to be poid to any
other person; and it shall be the duty of the deputy
postmaster on whom it is drawn to pay the amount
thereof to the person thus designated, provided
the pei sun to whom the money order is indorsed
shall furnish such proofs as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may require that the written indorsement is
genuine, and that he is the person theteby em-
powered to receive payment of the order.
The seventh section provides that deputy post-
masters, at money order offices, shall receive, as
a compensation fur the issuing and paying of
money orders, one thud of the whole amount of
commissions on money orders issued, and one
eighth ot one per cent, on the gross amount of or-
ders paid at their offices; provided, that all emolu-
ments arising from such lates of compensation
shall be subject to the provisions of the forty-fust
section of the act of March 3, 1825, entitled "An
act to reduco into one the several acts establishing
the Post Office Department.''
The eighth^ section provides that, out of any
moneys paid into the Treasury for the service of
the Post Office DeparmenJ, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall have power to transfer to the deputy
postmaster of any money oider office such sum
as may be required, over and above the current
revenue thereof, to pay money orders drawn on
the latter; and such transfer shall be made by war-
rant on the Treasury, signed by the Postmaster
General,and countersigned and registered by the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office De-
partment.
^ The ninth section provides that the Postmaster
General shall be authoiized to employ in the Post
Office Department, such clerical force as may be
necessary to execute the provisions of this act;
provided, however, that it shall be paid out of the
