1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
for which a quorum was required. The Chair
will entertain the motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on ordeiing the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr.VALLANDlGIiAMmovcd that the House
adjourn.
The motion wtw disagreed to.
The question wa? taken, and no quorum voted;
the result bem£—yens 64, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^r*. Ahhieh. WtlPnm J. All^n, Alloy, Ar-
nold, Asliiej, H.iii!)"!, hakcr. Bmaham, Blake, Lufliiiton,
Case,1, Chamtx il un. t'Uil;. Oiement^, Colfax, Cutler,
Duni), Eliot, Ei' «'i nomas A. !>• Fc—•enden, PVher. Fonke,
KkukImu Fiank. 'Jooeh. Goodwill CJranirer, Gurle\,
Hooper. Ho;to:i, lhachi,"--. .Inhan, I\ell 'y, William Krl-
logtf.tvnapp, i.ooins-, I.nvcjov. Low, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Ait-ou P. Mom!!. Jc-.u>s S, Moirili, Moil is, \ixoit, Noell,
Patton, Tine'tin G. i'nclp^. 1'iko, Portei. Potter. John U
liter, HuMir, }1'i\v;i-ci P Sai^etn. Shank*, Shef-
field. Slnrnrui. Sprnildms, Verrec. Wallace, Albeit tf.
White. Wil-on, VVihilom. and \Voiee<tei—64.
NAYS—Wiihani Allen, Calvcit, Frederick A.
Oimkimu, Cov, Cru.oii-, Uardini*. Jvemean, Law. May,
Noble, Noiton, Niitr'-n. Pendleton, James S Rollin*, Shi el,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble. and Wiekhfte—!£.'
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. K.
No. 592) to amend an act entitled "An actio pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and to pay interest on the publicdcbt,5' approved
July 1, lb62; when the Speaker signed the same.
COMMITTEE OF THE WIIOL13.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Allen] desires to speak upon
general topics; and if there be no objection, I
suggest that, by unanimous consent, we go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, fot the purpose of general debate.
Mr. GOOCTI. 1 suppose with the understand-
ing that no business shall be done.
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
There being no objection, the House resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in the chair,) and
resumed, pro forma, the consideration of joiuties-
olution M. R. No. oO, to enable the Secretary of j
War to test Sanderson's breech-loading cannon. :
STATE JIIGUTS FEDERAL "WRONGS
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, when '
great and vital public interests are obout to be in- j
vaded or destroyed, it is the duty of every patriot
to interpose for their protection; but it is more
especially the duty of one representing in part a j
sovereign State, and intrusted with authority to i
be exercised for the benefit and protection of its !
people, to exert his utmost influence on their be- j
naif. Existing facts impose upon me, as a hum- !
ble Representative from Illinois, the duty of ex- '
posing, and correcting, if possible, the outrages !
, and wrongs which have b'-cn committed find are j
about to be committ- d against the people of that i
State. I nowallude to the subject to which I ♦ n- ■
deavored to coll the attention of the House, by
resolution, the first day upon which i took my st'at ;
at this session. A rnembci fiom my own State. 1
[Mr. Lovi.joy,] however, pr< vented me by his
objection fiom h8vn..'c at rh:it time the mettfrc^n- 1
sideied. The resolution offered was as follows: .
Cv Win ir-rw there hav-'! .•: n imported into the State of 1
Illinois, maid the ;< mbianoe oi rederal authorm, bcyeial '
tliou aim necrro''^ ; mid v, in-rcas -ik'11 mipoi ruion \vti-- m '
violatiot, of the eon-tituiion oi ^aid State, and 'he k'lisJa-
tion and repeatedly e.\pre>-ed sentiment ot tho people
tbereot: Tliefiotc,
" Tianh ,'d, That ihn Committee on tin' Judiciary he in
Ptructed to inquire into the nsrhtof the i-'ed'-iai authoiMio
to thm-. set at defiance t'ii' i on-umtion. law-, an;] sent;
ment- ot the people of a s-oveicj«n State, and lepo.t w'::it
action ean hi- je^ailv taken h; ihe IVdeial rjovonrn'-nt m
order to brum about the depoi latiou of -nul negroo .
That resolution was iniended not for mere effect,
but for inquiry, legitimate and proper; and upon |
a subject, too, 1 may iem irk, in regard to which
the people of my di&tuct llel the deepest interest.
The Representative fi om the Rtueau district,ho w-
evei, true to his cuior^d fnunds.and false to the i
constitution, laws, and interests of the white poo- j
pie of Illinois, aroso in his place, and, under a rule !
of the House, prevented the law committee of {
Congress from inveswgatmg a question of such j
vital importance to my constituents. But, Mr. •
Chairman, discussion of the uglusof an invaded i
| State, and, to a certain extent, subjugated people,
i shall not be stifled.
j What was the scope of my resolution f It was
| simply to oscertain, by the law committee of the
] House, if there was any authority for taking
i slaves fiom th^ir southern owners by Federal
j power, and bringing them into the State of Hh-
, nois, in violation of the constitution, the law, the
i sentiment, and the highest and dearest interests of
| the white people of that State.
• The vindication of ihinois in this respect is but
[ the vindication of the rights of all the States and
! their people on this and other subjects of a like
| c-haiacter; and ail of them are alike, theiefore, in-
i terested; and I assure you, s r, that it isalone for
| beneficial purpose* and good results, and not from
j personal,partisan, or political consideration that
; I am induced to make these remarks.
| Traduction is cheap—can be indulged in by the
! vilest of earth, but I am settled in mydetermina-
i tion not to bestow upon it, especially as itisdirect-
i cd towards mc personally, even a passing notice,
i A miserable hired creature from my own district
i will have to excuse me for omitting lochaiacterize
his falsehoods and defamations as truth really
would demand of me. lint other matters of higher
moment than the consideration of hireling slan-
derer,15 claim my attention.
In Illinois we have the following constitutional
provision:
"The General Assembly shall, at its first session under
the amended confutation", pa^ such laws as will etl'oct-
ually prohibit hee poisons of color fiom immisnuting to
and settling m tin - State; ami to effectually pie vent the
owners of slaves from bringing them into this State tor the
put pose offsetting them free.-''
In J853, the Legislature of that State, in obe-
dience to constitutional requirements, passed an
act, which is unrepealed, intended to prevent the
immigration of negroes. From among many sec-
tions of that act, I select the following for quota-
tion :
- If any pei-.on oi persons «ba!l bring or cause to bo
brought nit') tiii^ State any negto or mulatto elave, whether
f aid slave io«et ticeoi not,"they shall he liable to indictment,
and upon conviction thrn-of be fined lor every ynelt nc?io
oi mulatto a Mim not le-^ than $100 noi moie than $500.
and impo-oned in the county jail not mon> than one year,
and Mudl stand commuted until ?>s\ul Hue and costs are
paid.'1
In order to present this subject in all its enor-
mity and flagraney, it may pnhaps be necessary
to say a few words on the nature and character of
our system of Government, and on the legation
which the Suites severally sustain to each other
and to the Federal Union. Lei it be remembered, |
then, that tins Union was not formed by the war of i
the Revolution. That win achieved the independ- \
once of the thiiteen colonics, whereby they be- j
came thirteen sovereign and independent States, I
and as such by name, separately, they were ac-
knowledged by Great Britain and other Powers
of the world.
These sovereign States, for their mutual benefit,
and each actio" for itself m its individual capacity,
formed a Confederation, which was styled the
<k Uniied States of Ameiica," the same name by
which the Union is <it piexcnt called.
That Confederation had very limited powers
granted to it by the several States composing it, i
and con'aim'd a clau-e declaring that it should be !
perpetual. Notwithstanding this positive agree- '
men t of perpetuity, the States found this Conted- j
eration to be inadequate to then* wants, and took |
steps to make a new Govei mnent by a new union >
of such States as should voluntarily come into it. [
For tins pui pose they called a convention l^y sep- i
mate Stpte authority. That convention proposed (
o new plan of fcoveinment An the confederate j
Stat a. and special I y stipulated thut the i atification !
Ly tile eonvention of >nne Stat- s simujfl be sulfi- |
cientfor the estabiisduoent of the new Constitu- !
tion between the States so latifying the same. (
it will thus be seen that the Constitution was >
peaceably foimed by the excrcise of human rea- !
son, and not by the sword; that it broke up or
destroyed the preexist.uigunion called the Confed- ,
oration; and made provision for the full action of ■
the new Government by the cooperation of nine I
Slates <mly, leaving the other four, in the case of j
their non-ratification, to take care of themselves
the best they could. Hut it so happened, in the
course of human events, that the whole thirteen,
each for itself, ratified the new Constitution, and
thus became voluntary members of the Union,
sullstykdthe "UnitteclStatesofAmerica." This i
| present Constitution also provider! .for the admis*
j sion of new States into this new Union# and the
! principle upon which new Skates were to be *ui-
i milted, namely, on terms of perfect equality with.
' the original,thirteen.
! Whatever rights, therefore, can be properly
\ claimed for the original thirteen, belong, equally
j to every State now composing the Union. "When
] first adopted, it was by a direct vote of conven?
| tions in the separate Slates, and every newStote,
1 by being admitted, accepted, as a voluntary act
j of her own, the same constitution of Government.
| It is then the supreme law of each State, within
j the scope of its granted powers, but no further.
, In all other respects, every Slate retains all oigiiud
' rights pertaining to 'it as a sovereign Power.
i The fact is not to be denied that this is a Con-
1 stitution for each State, with its limits andgrants,
! only from the fact of its voluntary adoption. It
! is a Constitution between, not over them. It is
[ an act of volition of each Stale independently of
| others, and it confers no power of government
| except what has been granted by the States as
j shown in the Constitution. In confirmation of
i this position, if confirmation is desired, I quote
article ten of the amendments to the Constitution
itself, in these words:
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by u to the States, are reserved
to the States lespecuvely, or to the people."
Hence it follows that no limitation or restriction
of the lights of the States can exist, unless vol-
untarily imposed by the adoption of the Federal
Constiiution, or by its own independent form of
Government.
Illinois, Mr. Chairman, has never as yet vol-
untarily imposed upon herself any restrictions or
limitations weakening her voice or impairing her
power as a sovereign State. True, she has stood
nim to the Federal Union, has condemned unmis-
takably at the ballot-box the manner in which the
Government is being administered, is ready to
renew her exertions for the Union and Constitu-
tion against the real foes of this once liappy Re-
public, (I mean the abolitionists;) but still, sir,
she is a sovereign State, with all the rights thereto
belonging.
Being a sovereign Stale then, and in exercise of
original authority, not limited or restrained by the
Federal Constitution, she adopted as part of her
fundamental law, in the constitution of 1848, and
which is now in force, the provision which I have
before quoted. I know, sir, we live in an age of
solemn and sudden changcs; but to the honor of
Illinois stability, let the fact be recorded, that for
more than forty-four years she has not changed
her determination to keep* negroes outside of fier
juiisdietion.
Begging pardon for recapitulation, allow me to
again say, that the Legislature of Illinois, in the
discharge of a duty constitutionally imposed, and
in the exercise of an unquestioned power, passed
the act before referred to. My adopted State then
thought she had the power to re-asseverate her
objection to negroes coming within her limit§tand
her determination to visit punishment upon such
as might violate her municipal regulations, in-
fractions of her declared will in this regard were
attended to—were punished; and never did we
dream, in that mistress of States west of the Alle-
! ghanies, of the inefficiency of our enactments—of
the contempt, to which we were to be subjected—
till Secretary Stanton licensed by his edict the fair
Prairie State to be flooded with this obnoxious
population.
j Mr. Chairman, let the question be adjourned
| as to Mr. Secretary Stanton's power thus to in-
• suit and outrage my people; but I hope the ad-
: journment will not be to an indefinite period.
I I know full well this violation of constitutions,
; Federal and State, has been sought to be justified
: on the plea of necessity/' This is sometimes
j culled military necessity," and sometimes polit-
; ical "necessity." But, sir, I know of no neces-
j sity superior to the Constitution-—that Constitu-
i tion which is most aptly called the paramount law
of the land, and therefore nothing can be superior
to it in a political sense. If the plea of" neces-
sity'1 is to prevail in the exercise of power not
granted by the Constitution, then it amounts to
an absolute destruction of all our forms and pun-
cipies of Government. Who is to be the judge
of this " necessity?" The officers in power? In
Jacksonian times officers of thy Go vernment wer©
