182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
considered agentsof the people; butthatrelation,
it seems, no longer exists. It is now assumed and
acted upon that the people belong to the Govern-
ment, and that the Government does not belong
to the people. Argument being cut off, 1 leave this
matter for future discussion, should my time for
that purpose ever arrive.
It is riot, perhaps, necessary for me to enter in-
to a vindication of the State which I in part repre-
sent. "What she did whs clearly within the scope
of her original right as a sovereign State, and not
limited nor restrained by any provisions of the
Federal Constitution. It was, no doubt, intended
as anecessary police regulation, for the peace and
quiet of the country,and to prevent competition and
contact between white citizens and "free Ameri-
cans of African descent." The disastrous results
to my constituents consequent upon this contact
and competition—the inferior race being thrust
upon the superior—violative of every right, civil
or political, I will not attempt to portray. The
Government ought to see to it at once. " Under
the semblance of Federal authority, "negroes were
brought into, and by Federal authority they should
be taken out of, Illinois. My constituents demand
that these negroes shall be deported, lligh con-
siderationsprompt their firm resolve thatthey will
not have negroes for neighbors, associates, or
I representalaboring, producing people—a peo-
ple who consider it honorable to earn their living
by toil. They are willing to compote with each
other, but will never consent to competition with
stolon negroes. No, sir; the matter might as well
be understood. Southern Illinois must either be
the home of white men or black men—they can-
not dwell together. A large Government board-
ing-house, at which negroes eat, has been estab-
lished at Cairo, the southern point of my district
—a negro boarding-house established and sus-
tained by this Administration ! Thousands of dol-
lars coming out of the pockets of the people, my
constituents included, all of whom are white men,
have been expended by the Government in feed-
ing "contrabands;" and yet, sir, 1 have to hear
of the first instance where the Government has
given aid or comfort, food or iaiment,to the wife
or child of a white soldier lost m the present war.
Widows and orphans of our volunteers are com-
pelled to depend upon the charity of their neigh-
bors; and yet negroes have the assurance that
Government will look to their welfare—will fill
up the vacuum which war has created m white
circles by " free Americans of African descent."
It gives me no pleasure, sir, to talk in this man-
ner; but with the facts before me, facts not to be
denied, 1 am compelled tft arraign Federal author-
ity for its shameless violation of State rights.
Thousands of negroes have been taken, decoyed,
or stolen in violation of the Federal Constituuon,
and disposed of to the injury of the State of Illi-
nois, But to return, sir, to the argument. This
prohibition of the State of Illinois against the im-
migration or impoitation of negroes or mulattoes
was made in the acknowledged exercise of her
State sovereignty, and has never been disputed,
denied, or questioned by any one acquainted with
the rights of the States. It is a peculiar doctrine
that all sovereign States (and could an Admitted
State consent to be less than sovereign ?) have the
right to prohibitoradmit such poisons as it may
please within its limits, subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United States; and this sovereign i ight
lias never been transferred fiom the State of Illi-
nois to the Federal Government. It is an original
right belonging to sovereignty, and indispensible
to its existence. Nothing, sir, but the action of
the State can deprive her of that right.
But, sir, have the State rights, of which I have
been speaking, been limited by the Constitution
ofthe FederalGovernmcnt? No. I maintain that
every right and ptiviiege belonging to the Stat'.*
before the formation of the Union still p^nam to
them, except ao far as they have voluntarily con-
ceded the same m the adoption of the Federal Con-
stituuon. lam not unaware, of that clause in our
highest organic law—the clause behind which
abolitionists take refuge—that " citizens of each
State shall be entitled fo all the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the several States." The
Supreme Court have decided on this question—to
the effect, too, as I read the decision—that negroes
and persons of African descent are not citizens in
the sense ©f the Constitution, and therefore nvt
entitled to any benefits growing out of this pro-
vision of the fundamental law. This adjudicated
case, by the highest tribunal in the land, appointed
and designated to decide constitutional questions,
leaves the matter conclusively settled, and vindi-
cates every position I have taken on that subject.
But, Mr. Chairman, I go further, and do not
rely alone on the previous provisions of the Con-
stitution as quoted, but in addition thereto I refer
to this fact. The persons brought into Illinois,
of which I complain, are not free persons, and can-
not claim to be citizens ofthe United States m any
sense whatever. They are fugitives, or decoyed
and stolen from their masters in the South, and
therefore not entitled to any of the privileges of
citizens of the United States. I distinctly make
two propositions: first, that negioes and mulattoes
cannot be citizens of the United States, in the sense
of the Constitution as determined by the Supreme
Court, as I have already shown; and second, that
these persons, illegally and unconstitutionally
brought into the State of Illinois, are neither citi-
zens nor free persons of color, in either case, it
would be a palpable violation of the law of the
State; but, to make the matter more apparent, I
quote this clause of the Federal Constitution:
uNo person held to service or labor in one State under
the laws ilieteoi', e-oapmg into another, shall, In conse-
quence of any law oi roculat ion therein, be discharged irotn
such seiviee. oi labor, hut -hall be delivered up on claim of
the patty to whom &ucli service or Jabor may he due."
From all of this it necessarily results that the
action of the Federal officeis is grossly and fla-
grantly in violation of State and Federal Consti-
tutions. I thereto) e repeat that the State had the
right to prohibit the immigration of negroes; that
it exercised that light by law, piovided penalties
against it, and that no action thus taken is in con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States;
that, if considered as free persons of color, the
State hud the right and did prohibit their introduc-
tion, they not bt ing citizens of the United States;
but more especially it is within the limits of her
authority, because they are neither citizens nor
free persons of color, and not within any inhibi-
tion ofthe Federal Constitution.
They are fugitives from labor, without knowing
the motive that prompted them to escape. It is
enough for us fo know that they are not citizens
ofthe United States and are positively prohibited
by the laws of my State from coming m or set-
tling within our dominions. 1 beg leave to reit-
erate that this Government has no power, and
cannot legitimately exercise any authority, to im-
port Africans, or the descendants of Afncans, into
Illinois. Nor has the Federal Government power
to authorize any of its officers oragents to do that
indirectly which it acknowledges its want of power
to do directly. lias the Federal Government,
Mr. Chairman, any license to unade State rights,
in a mattei so \ ital, at n time so inopportune, and
with reference to a subject that trifles with the
most sacred interests of the people of a prosperous
—soon to be a controlling—State in the Union ? I
may with propriety ask and present to the people,
for their consideiation, what will be the effects
and consequences of this outiage,and of this vio-
lation of their express prohibitions? Let us con-
sider it foi a moment.
If the Federal Government can, by using mili-
tary power, in violation of the constitution and
laws of a sovereign State, bnng into it negroes
and mulattoes, breaking down State rights, and
thus Africanize a State which has so repeatedly
declared against slaveiy, not a single vestige of
State rights wiil be left. If five thousand can be
introduced, as they have been, contrary to law and
constitution, then, with equal propriety.you may
overrun us with four nvllions, and that rich, pro-
ductive, and lately prosperous State of Illinois
be placed in the abject position of being governed
by negroes. Why? Intentionally, most proba-
bly* to dn\o out, ovenidf, and eilevt the extra-
dition of humble tilleis of the soil—white men,
who are guilty of the lone crime of considering
immselves superior to those of African extrac-
tion. i have the right, sir—it is my duty, sir—to
protest against outrages striking at the'vitals of :
States, and to insist that their original rights be
respected. I demand that no one be bioughtinto
my State in opposition to her expressed will, as
declared by her so repeatedly, and m so many
forms. The facts to which I have alluded are
unmistakable, and no one can mi&understand their
meaning or import. As to one sovereign State,
at least, history will write down its clear object
to make a State for white people, without being
incumbered with free negroes, fugitive slaves, or
others inimical to her interest.
That negro labor thus unconstitutionally intro-
duced into a clime uncongenial to them will come
in contact with, strike down the wages of white
people, cut off their almost entire source of em-
ployment, is inevitable. The failure of the Fed-
eral Government to look to the consequences in
this regard will not be overlooked by the people.
Truth is a slow traveler, Mr. Chairman, but yet
j occasionally overtakes error, and then the pun-
j ishment comes. The thousands of paupers, not
of the kith or kindred of my constituents, which
unconstitutional Federal action has thus subjected
my State to, will be recollected. Those who dream
that recent past offenses will be oblivioned, might
as well quit dreaming. The day of judgmentand
retribution may not be to-morrow, but it will
surely come. I am filled with no anxiety that the
issue intended to be made by these remarks will
be accepted by any one authorized to challenge
my notice. To be sure, one "perverted specimen
of humanity," so denominated after being sorely
caned by one of the bravest of western generals
not a score of years since, living in the capital of
Illinois, and editing*a paper in the personal and
political interest of the President, has, m obedience
to his custom, recently steeped his fingers—be
has no heart—in malignity against me personally.
But to-day 1 feel pretty well, Mi. Chairman; yes,
sir, one ofthe humblest of Illinoiy's Representa-
tives stands up in the American Congress to raise
his voice against white people, in an independent
State, bein^ taxed to support negro paupers, un-
constitutionally brought within her limits, and to
declare his aversion at seeing the labor of free
white American citizens stricken down by a peo-
ple presidcntially classed "free Americans of Af-
rican descent." The rights of my district and my
people whenever invaded, even by Federal power,
shall find in me a supporter; and they shall not find
me an apologist for outrages.
But to leturn: I am sickened by this continued
talk of necessity, intended as it is, in my opinion,
to excuse and conceal palpable, flagrant, and in-
famous violations of the Constitution. In time of
war, more than prac«,the Constitution was in-
tended to have full force and effect. An admirer
of Madison, and wedded to many of his views of
constiaction, I have fallen into the idea that what
we were a few years ago pleasured in calling the
supreme law of the land, was designed to restrain
executive power rather than confer it. It was sup-
posed, I have been led to believe, that this Con-
stitution would be in existence in times of peace,
in times of war, but it was more especially in-
tended to protect all of our rights in times of
greatest political commotion. Hence the plea of
"necessity" to justify the subversion of the Con-
stitution is an absolute absurdity. Tyrants have
used it frequently, but liberty-loving men rarely.
My object has been thus far, Mr. Chairman, to
show in a brief manner the rights of my State as
a member of this confederated Union, the action
that State has taken on the subject of negroes and
mulattoes, and the directand shameful violation of
her rights by the Federal Government and those
in its employ. I have not done this in any cap-
tious spirit, but for the Sole purpose of protecting
the lights of the State and of the people.
Taking it for granted that I have shown that the
rights of Illinois have been invaded by the Federal
Government, and serious injuries have been in-
flicted upon her people by its action, and that the
miserable plea of " necessity "is a poor subtei fuge,
1 come to demands. And what 1 demand first Is,
that the people of Illinois shall be respected in all
their rights—that their Sfue government shall
not be despised nor contemned by falsely assumed
Federal authority; and secondly, that th>s Gov-
ernment use its employes to take out from the
midst of a sovereign, though invaded people, thai
population which is to my constituents alike de-
testable and destructive, if the powerof iinpoi na-
tion is claimed, the power of deportation surely
follows.
I do not fail to appreciate the sore difficulties
which beset us in the present domestic war, and I
deplore the misfortune as much as any one. But
what shall we do in this dire calamity? Shall we
justify violations of the Constitution? Shall W®
