1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
sick and wounded soldiers in the hospitals and
convalescent camps, to report it back, with a rec-
ommendation thatitdopass; and as it is a simple
resolution, I will ask the Senate to put it on its
passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which directs the Paymaster Gen-
eral to take immediate measures for the payment
of the sick and wounded soldiersin the convales-
cent camps, hospitals, and elsewhere, so that they
may be fully paid within thirty days from the
passage of the lesolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very excellent
object, and of course I am in favor of its passage,
if it can be done; but I wish to state one thing
for the consideration of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I am told a difficulty arises in this
way: from the want of their descriptive lists, many
of these soldiers get paid twice; they are paid in
the hospitals without the rolls; and they aie paid
again on the rolls of their companies. That has
been the case in a great many instances; and if
you break over the system which has been adopt-
ed, it will only lead to double payments. Of course
I shall make no opposition to the passage of this
resolution; but I will ask the Con*mittee on Mil-
itary Affairs whether they have considered that
difficulty on the subject. There arc very consid-
erable difficulties arising from paying soldieis
away from their companies, and it leads to double
payments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I give it as
my opinion that the difficulty arises, not from any
system, but from the want of a system; and i
express my opinion here to-day, after some little
reflection and experience, that the paymaster's
department of the Army is wretchedly managed,
and ought to he reformed altogether; and unless
it be reformed and changed altogether, in prac-
tice, this country will find Josses and defalcations
to a £reat extent. I do not see any difficulty in
passing this lesolution. I think it ought to be
passed, and we ought to correct the gross abuses
that exist in these hospitals and convalescent
camps in regard to the payment of these men.
Hundreds of them are here, not having been paid
for six, eight, ten, and twelvemonths. There is
no system about it. A soldier is in that camp
sick or wounded; he does not happen to have his
descriptive list with him; and the result is, he lies
there without his pay, his family suffering at homo
and he writing letters home creating dissatisfaction
in the country. Wh^jt I want to do is to force this
departmental once to put its strength upon these
convalescent camps and hospitals, and examine
every man's case carefully. When a man has his
descriptive list, that tells the story. If he has it
not there, let them send to his command and have
his descriptive list, which will show it. It is the
want of asystem for examining the cases of these
men, and examining them often, atany rate once
in two months', that has caused these double pay-
ments and caused all this trouble.
A soldiergoea to these hospitals. It is their rule
and regulation that if he has not got his descriptive
list with him it shall be sent for to his regiment.
The lists are sent to the surgeons. The surgeons
aie often changed, it turns out in many cases that
the descriptive lists he in the office for months, I
know cases where the descriptive lists have been
sent to the hospital officers, and have lain in the
post office or in the hospital offices unknown to
the soldier, who has been writing and tiying for
months and could not obtain his descriptive list.
It all springs from the loose mode of doing busi-
ness. 1 want to force the department within thirty
days to have every man in the hospitals paid, and
the sooner it i* done the better. There is no trou-
ble about it. Any good organizing biain can do it
in that time, and do it well, and make no mistakes
about it. Theie is no reason why there should be
any mistakes math- oi any double payments. It
is the slipshod picking up a man now and putting
him through on a letter of some friend, and things
of that kind, that make all the trouble. Let tlu-m
make a business of it, finish it up, have it done
\v ith, and stop this cry, this wail of agony almost,
that goes up from your hospitals about these non-
payments. They make more trouble than all the
i< giments in the field.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
\vithout amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, i do not think the object can
be accomplished in thirty days if it is to be applied
to the whole country.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Put it at
sixty if you w.ant to do so.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to enlarge the length
of time within which this duty is to be performed
to sixty days.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to amend the joint resolution by
sti iking out " thirty" and inserting " sixty."
Mr. TEN EYCK. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. I believe it can be as well done in
thirty days as in sixty. The number of these
soldiers is not so very great. It is a fact that
after they are discharged from the hospitals in the
city of Washington, and from the convalescent
camps, they spend days, if not weeks, some of
them, m getting their payment from the depart-
ments. I have knowledge of several cases where
men have actually been in the city,and had to be
supported by charity, waiting upon the pay de-
partment in order to get their pay before they
could £0 home. I have not the least doubt that
these payments can be made as well in thirty days
as in sixty days, and if we adhere to the resolution
in the form in which it is presented, we shall
relieve a great many worthy men from absolute
misery and want. I think the pay department
ought to stir themselves up, and if they have not
sufficient force now to do it they can employ more.
There may perhaps be some soldiers who present
claims differently from what they arc entitled to
sometimes, but there is a very large number of
very meritorious men who are without a dollar,
who have not the means of getting home, and
who are compelled to live here upon that charity
which they can get at the hands of the represent-
atives from their own States, or from citizens of
this city and vicinity. If I thought it was neces-
sary to extend the time to sixty days, I should
be in favor of the amendment; but believing it is
not necessary, I feel myselfcalled upon to express
the hope that the Senate will not agree to the ex-
tension of the time.
Mr GRIMES. If I had the power I would ■
cause these men to bo paid in a week rather than
in thirty days; but the trouble is that we are vei y
apt to legislate for the persons and objects that
immediately surround us, forgetting that we have
huge armies in other portions of the continent, and
that we have hospitals there, and that there are
men there just as anxious to get out and be re-
leased and go home as these persons are who are
in the hospitals here; and they are pretty remote
from us. There arc some of them in my State;
they arc scattered through Missouri. It will take
two or three weeks of these thirty days to get the
money ready and send it out to these places. 1
want tQ accomplish the purpose the Senator from
New Jersey has in view, and to do it as speedily
as I think it can be done; but I do not think it
can be done in thirty days.
Mr. TEN EYCIv. Let them try it.
Mr. GRIMES. The result will be that all the
effmt will be directed to the payment of the troops
immediately under the supervision of Congress
and those who are around here in the army of the
Potomac; and a corresponding effort will not be
made to pay off the troops in the hospitals in the
West and in the valley
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
something in the suggestion made by the Senator
from Iowa in regard to distant hospitals and dis-,
tant camps, and I am willing that the. change he
proposes shall be made. 1 think within that time
we can ceitamly have a full settlement.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a bill which I think will lead
to no discussion, and yet it is of importance to the
public. I refer to the bill establishing post roads.
I move to fake it up.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will give way to allow me to make a motion
to take up the bill which was under consideration
the other mmnirjg.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to make some reports.
Mr. COLLAMER. My only objection is, that
when a report is made an effort is made to put it
on its passage, and everybody is thrown off. A
mere report I do not object to. Gentlemen say
they want to make reports. I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate take
up House bill No. 267, to divide the State of Mich-
igan into two judicial districts. We nearly got
through with it the other day.
Mr. CLARK. I hope we shall have time to
make some reports.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to be understood
as wishing to have a chance to try my little bill
first after the reports are made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators all
understand that when a motion is pending no
other business can be interposed, except by unan-
imous consent. Js there any objection to receiv-
ing reports and petitions while the motion made
by the Senator from Michigan is pending?
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to it. I had to
give way to allow reports to be made, and other
gentlemen step in and say they will have that ad-
vantage. I say they should abide by it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These appli-
cations for the introduction of propositions, ex-
cept by unanimousconsent,cannot be entertained.
The question is upon the motion of the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. HOW ARD. I do not know what the Sen-
ator from Vermont means by his allusion to me.
I did not ask leave to introduce a report. I simply
asked him, as courteously as I was able, to give
way for me to make my motion to take up this
particular bill. That was what 1 asked. If he is
opposed to it, I have nothing to say. I have not
made myself liable to reproach from that quarter.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 was asked by the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire,and by other
gentlemen holding papers in their hands, that I
should not press the taking up of the bill I men-
tioned until they could make Lheir reports. I gave
way, supposing that those Senators who had pa-
pers in their hands wanted to make reports, and
thereupon the honorable Senator ftom Michigan
makes his motion instead of a report, which I
thought was not doing that winch gentlemen
seemed to ask of me, which was that reports
should be made first.
Mr. WILKINSON. Is it in order to make a
report ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
pending is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan to postpone all priororders for the pur-
pose of taking up for consideration the bill indi-
cated by him. No reports or other business can
be mtioduced, except by general consent, pend-
ing that motion.
Mr. CLARK. It will certainly be in order for
me to address myself to the Senate on the subject
of the motion of the Senator from Michigan, and
to allege as a reason why that should not be agreed
to, that there are several reports now lying on the
desks of Senators to be made to the Senate. The
Chair will bear in mind that the Chair called on
Senators for reports. They were declared to be
in order. Some Senators had made reports; others
had not made reports. The Senator Irom Massa-
chusetts made some reports; and on making the
report of a given resolution, he asked that it be
consideied. The Senate thereupon proceeded to
consider it; and then without giving time for fur-
ther reports to be made, a motion is submitted by
the Senator from Vermont to proceed to the con-
sideration of a certain bill. 1 thereupon addressed
myself to the Senate and to him to allow me to
make a report; and he withdrew his proposition.
Thereupon the Senator from Michigan—I find no
fault with his action—moves that we take up a
bill which he has in charge. I now,as an objec-
tion why we should not do that, urge on the con-
sideration of the Senate that reports have not been
fully made this morning, and it will be better to go
through the regular order of business and make
reports first before bills are taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly have not the
slightest objection to that; nor was it my intention
to embarrass the regular order of business at all.
I withdiaw my motion for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports will
be received.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a memorial of citizens of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying that a pension
