1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Is oil the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
to take up the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
6 division—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
post rocte bill.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I now renew the motion
to'tnke up the post route bill.
The motion \£asagreed to; and the Senate,as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the, bill (PI. 11. No. 722) to establish certain post
roads.
Mr. WILMOT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT protempore. TheChair will
suggest that the amendments reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads be
first acted upon, and then the bill will be open to
further amendments by individual members.
The first amendment of the committee was to
insert under the head of "Indiana" the following:
From YVilmot, via Indian Village, and Cromwell to Ligo-
nier.
From Brookvilleto Sunmanvllie.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was un-
der the head of "Iowa" to insert the following:
from Sioux City to the Yancton Agency, Fort Randall,
Port Pierre, Fort Berthol, Fort Union, mouth of Milk i iver,
Fort Benton, Sun River Farms, Deer Lodge, to Bitter Root
ralJey.
The amendment was agreed to.
S1 0
The nest amendment of the committee was un-
der the head of "Ohio" to insert the following:
From Greenville, via Clapboard Town, Dill's Station,
Beansville, Nevada, Brock to North Star, in Darke county.
The amendment v/as agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was un-
der the head of "Pennsylvania," to insert the fol-
lowing:
From Pleafantvillc, via Fionesta, to Clarion.
From New Getmautown, in Pony county, to Concord, in
Franklin county.
From Milton, Northumberland county,to Lewfatonsville,
In the county oi Montour.
From West Nanticoko, via Harvey's Cieek,to Silver
Rock.
From Stroudsburg, in Monroe county, via Snydcrsville,
Keliersvillc, and Fenner^ville, to Brodheadsvilie.
From Kelley's Station, on the Alleghany Valley railroad,
to Cochran's Mills, in Armstrong county. "
Mr. COWAN. In the first line of the amend-
ment, I move to change the word " Fionesta" to
14 Tionesta." It is a mere clerical amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, asamended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was
under the head of " Wisconsin" in the clause,
"from Waupacca to Stevens's Point," to strike
out the words 14 to Stevens's Point," and insert
"via Amherst to Plover."
The.nmendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add at the end of the bill, as a new section, the
following:
Pec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the true intent
and waning ot the eighth hcjction of the act entitled '-An
net making approptintions for the service ofthe Post Office
Department dunug the fiscal year ending the 30th day of
June, 1862,"> shall be taken, deemed, and construed to he
directory to the Po.nma-tcr Geneial to make the mail ser-
vice on the route therein mentioned semi-weekly for the
period therein provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following at the end of the bill, as a new
section:
c?kc. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Overland
Mall Company now engaged in canying the United States
mall fiom St. Joseph, Missouri, to Plaeerville, California,
shall have the privilege of occup* ing the public iamis where
their station* aie fixed, at the rate of not more than one for
every ten miles of the route on which said company eairy
the Mud mail, and shall have a preemption right therein of
any land not deposed of or reset veil when the s-ame shall be
brought into maiker, to the extent of one hundred and sixty
acre*, to be selected contiguous to and include their im-
provements : f-aid pieemption richt being in lien ofthe tame
heretofore granted by the twelfth section ofthe act ap-
P'-md Maieh .5, 1<*o7, ciiinkd '• An aet making appropria-
tion* tor the f-fmc<; o*' the Po-t Office Department durin" I
t.:? fi-se.i! y<.ar ending June 3D, l£5S.*} * j
The amendment was agreed to. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend- i
mcnts reported by the committee having been |
disposed of, (he bill is now open to general amend- j
ment. j
Mr. COLL A M EH. I have another amendment |
to offer, to provide for a post route in Utah. It
is to insert after line forty-six, "from Payson to
Goshen."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line seventy-six the following:
Fimn Reading via Adams's, Brownsville, and Klops's
store to WomelVdorf.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILMOT. I move further to amend by
inserting immediately after the amendment just
adopted the following:
From New Gcrmantown, Perry county, to Concord, in
the county of Franklin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I have an amendmentto offer,
to come in under the head of California, after line
six, on page 1:
From Trinity Centre, via Summcrville, Cecilville, and
Centreville, to the Forks of Salmon river, in Klamath
county.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In the eighth line of
| the third section, after the word "reserved," I
move to insert the words, "or to which a preemp-
tion has not attached."
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear that sec-
tion read, as it now stands amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Overland Mall
Company now engaged in carrying the United States mail
from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Placcrville, California, shall
have the privilege of occupying tiie public land* where
their stations aie fixed, at the laic of not more than one for
every ten miles ofthe route on which said company carry
the said mail, and shall have a preemption right therein of
any land not disposed of or reserved, or to which a preemp-
tion lias not attached, when the same shall be brought into
maiket, to th * extent of one bundled and sixty acres, to be
selectedcontiguous to and to include their improvements;
said preemption light being in lieu of the same heietoforc
granted by the twelfth section of the act nppioved Match
3, 1&57, entitled '-An act making appropriations for the
sfi vice ofthe Post Office Departmentduring the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1858."
Mr. HARLAN. I think the right of home-
stead settlers ought to be protected also, as well
as preemptioners, and it should be amended so
as not to apply to mineral lands.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will move un amendment of that kind. There is
no objection to it at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
calls for the consideration of the special order of
the day, which is the unfinished business of yes-
terday, being House bill No. 357, entitled "An act
to provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Aiizona," which is now before the
Senate as in Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. LATIIAM. I move that that bill belaid
aside informally for the put pose ofdisposing of this
bill. I will state to the Senator from Ohio that
we are about to take a vote upon it. All the
amendments have been disposed of.
Mr. WADE. Unless some debate arises upon
it, I have no objection to the Senate continuing
its consideration, and taking a vote upon it.
Mr. LATHAM. There will be no debate. We
can dispose of it in a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order will be laid aside informally if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, to add at the end of line six, sec-
tion one, the following:
Miscouii:
From Wanenton to Troy.
From VVarrenton to Pmkney.
Fiom St. Charles to Elsuh,in Jersey county, Illinois, via
Poi tage 0e Sioux.
From Weli^huig. by Cham of Rocks. Bailey's, Chantiliy.
and Snow IIill to New Hope, m Lincoln county.
Fiom Mount Vernon to Carthage, via Bovver's Mill*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I no w move, after the word I
"preemption," in line eight of section three, to I
rdd the words, "or homestead claim."
The amendment was ngteed to.
(Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move also, in line
eight of section three, after the word "land," to
insert the woids, " not mineral land."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I aslc the Secretary to read
the section as it now stands amended. I am not
sure that it will fully accomplish the object de-
signed.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the Overland Mall
Company, now engaged in cai rymg the United States mail
from Saint Joseph, Mi-souri, to Plaeerville, California,
shall have the piivilego of occupying the public lands where
their stations aie fixed, at the rate ot not more than one for
every ten antes of the loute on winch said company carry
the said mail, and shall have a pieemption 1 iglu therein of
any land, not mtnerai land, and not disposed of or reserved,
or to which a preemption or homestead claim has not at-
tached, when the same shall be brought into market, to the
extent of one hundred and sixty acres, to be selected con-
tiguous toand to include their improvements; said preemp-
tion right being in lieu of the same heretofore granted by
the twelfth section of the act approved March 3,1807, enti-
tled " An act making appropriations lor the service of the
Post Office Department duiing the fiscal year ending June
30, 1858."
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
treasurer's office.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill be-
fore the Senate is the bill entitled "An act to au-
thorize a temporary government for the Territory
of Arizona."
Mr. COWAN. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate take up Senate bill
No. 586.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. COWAN. A bill to authorize the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, and fur other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to postpone the pend-
ing order and all prior orders for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. WADE. If my bill does not lose its place
on the Calendar, as I am told that it is a matter of
pressing necessity and will not take a moment, I
shall not resist it. Let the special order go over
informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
58G) to authorize the appointment of an Assistant
Treasurer of the United States, and to fix the pay
©f the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, clerks, and
messengers in the office of the Treasurer of the
United Suites, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It au-
thorizes the President of the United States to ap-
point, from time to time, by and with the consent
and approval of the Senate of the United States,
an Assistant Treasurer of the United States, and
the Treasurer of the United States may, in his
discretion, with the consent of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, authorize the As-
sistant Treasurer to act in the place and stead,
and at any and at all times to discharge any or all
the duties required by law of the Treasurer of the
United States.
The Secretary of the Jreasury of the United
States is authonzed to appoint, in addition to the
cieiks now authorized by law,a cashier, with an
annual salary of $2,400 per annum; an assistant
cashier, with an annual salary of $2,000 per an-
num; four chiefs ofdivisions, with annual salaries
of $1,800each per annum; and also a messenger,
an assistant messenger, and two laborers, ill ad-
dition lo those now allowed, at the compensation
now authonzed by law.
The third section provides that there shall be
paid to the Treasurer of the United States, in lieu
and stead of his present compensation, commen-
cing with and including the 1st day of July, 1862,
the sum of $6,000 per annum-, butfi om that amount
there is to be deducted all sums of money hereto-
fore paid to or received by the Treasurer on ac-
count of his compensation for services rendered
as Treasurer of the United States, since and in-
cluding the day aforesaid, and the income tax on
such additional compensation as willhaveaccrued
since the 1st of September, 1862; and there is to
be paid to the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States an annual compensation of $3,000.
The fourth section provides that the compensa-
tion ofthe Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, clerks,
and messengers, for the current and next fiscal
years, shall be paid out of any money in the
