liM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
we gave him an additional officer, and conferred
upon that officer the powers that he requested
mightbe conferred in order to enable him to lighten
his own labors. Now, sir, to ask that fifty per
cent, be added to his salary at this time, and to
raise him half as much as all the Auditors and
Comptrollers of the Treasury Department get,
whose labors also are vastly increased on account
•of this condition of things, is more than I am will-
ing to concede.
I have the highest opinion of the labors of Gen-
eral Spinner, the Treasurer of the United States.
He has performed very great labor. lie has very
great responsibilities. He perforins them in a very
admirable manner. I concede to him everything
in the way of desert; and yet I am unwilling to
raise his salary to $6,000. I am willing to put it
at $5,000, which I think is sufficient. We cannot
pay men for their pecuniary responsibilities. We
raised his salary $1,000 last year, and now we
propose by this bill to give him two cashiers and
three or four chiefs of divisions, with an increase
of clerks, in order to lighten his labors in the
office, which will be of course very r-xtensive.
Under these circumstances I shall be opposed
to raising the salary of the Register, and I shall
be opposed to putting the salary of the Treasurer
above $5,000, which was my original understand-
ing of the sum to be fixed, as it was also of my
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who is on
the committee with me. With that 1 shall be per-
fectly ready to vote for the bill with pleasure, for
1 think his salary ought to be somewhat in-
creased,
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to strike out the third section of the bill, and
insert a substitute.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fostkr
in the chair.) The question now is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 give notice, then, that I
will offer the amendment I propose, and 1 ask
the Secretary to read it, so that it will explain my
action on the amendment now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed will be read for information.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which was to strike but all of the third section
after its enacting clause, and insert:
That the compensation of the Assistant Treasurer shall
be §2,500 per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. The third section provides
for an increase of compensation of the Treasurer
fiom $4,000 to $6,000, and fixes the compensation
of the Assistant Treasurer at $3,000. My amend-
ment proposes to leave the salary of the Treasu-
rer as it now is, $4,000, and fixes the salary of
the Assistant Treasurer at $2,500. Many of the
observations made by the Senators from Pennsyl-
vania and Vermont would make a very errone-
ous impression. It is true that General Spinner,
the present Treasurer, is a very excellent officer.
He has discharged his duties faithfully, as he
always did when a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 1 concur heartily in all that has been
said to the credit of General Spinner, the present
Treasurer. He came before the Committee on
Finance, and usseited that he was over-labored;
that he was compelled to work nightand day; that
he was compelled to work on the Sabbath, as the
law required him to sign a great variety of papers,
and gave him no assistants—no substitute. For
the purpose of obviating that difficulty this bill
was reported, which gave him several assistants
and organized his bureau justas he wanted it. If
the bill is passed without the third section, Gen-
eral Spinner will have no more to do than any
other officer of the Government. He will have an
Assistant Treasurer, who will sign all the papers
he is now obliged to sign. His name appears on
the "greenbacks,"but he signs none of them. He |
signs no paper now except the bonds of the Urn- j
ted States, and all the papers may be signed by \
the AssistantTrcasurer. Ifthisbiliispassed with- ;
out the third section, the Treasurer will have noth- j
ing to do but to supervise the oidiuaiy current i
business of his office. He will have no greater '
task than is perfoimed by any other person that !
is connected with the Treasury Department.
As to the Register, the honorable Senator fiom .
Vermont intimated that he signed some seventy j
thousand papers. He signs none of them except
the bonds, His name is engraved on all the notes; ■
and I believe now, under the law, he signs noth- j
ing but warrants and bonds. Under the act which
we passed a short time ago, wc gave him an As-
sistant Register, so that really he has nothing more
to do than any other officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment. The great burden of labor which was
thrown on these two officers is now removed, and
there is no reason for increasing their salaries that
would not apply with equal force to every salary
in the city of Washington. We have supplied
them with additional aids—with additional assist-
ants.
In the case of General Spinner we have already
increased his salary from $3,000 to $4,000, and
now we are relieving him from all the additional
burden made by the additional business. Now,
shall we embark in the process of raising the sal-
aries of all these officers? If you raise General
Spinner's salary you may be compelled to raise
the salary of every other officer of the Govern-
ment. I admit that there is no officer who dis-
charges his duties more faithfully than General
Spinner, or more honestly and conscientiously.
Lcist year we increased his salary from $3,000 to
$4,000; so that he gets more salary than any other
officer in Washington connected with the Depart-
ments, except the heads of Departments and two
or three Assistant Secretaries. There is no offi-
cer, I believe, who gets as high as $4,000 except
two or three Assistant Secretaries and the heads
of Departments.
Now, shall we increase it still more ? It is said
that we ought to give him at least as much as the
Assistant Treasurer in New York. It does not
follow that we should. In New York their sal-
aties are high, if that salary is too high, we
ought to lower it. Since we have removed all the
additional labors cast upon the Treasurer, shall
we now increase his salary from $4,000 to $6,000?
If we do, then an application will be made on be-
half of every person of equal grade. These heads
of bureaus only rank with all the other heads of
bureaus in Washington. They do not rank as
high generally as the Assistant Secretaries; and
wc shall have applications pressed upon us here
day by day to raise the salary of every head of a
bureau and of every Assistant Secretary and of
the Assistant Postmasters General, and all the
class of officers of which these arc specimens.
Mr. FOOT. Many of them now get $4,000,
and some $4,500.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who gets $4,000?
Mr. FOOT. The Commissioner of Patents;
and the business of that office has fallen off two
thirds within the last two years.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Commissioner of Pat-
ents is paid out of the Patent Office fund, which is
not raised by the United States, and there were pe-
culiar grounds upon which that salai y was raised;
the United States docs not pay i(. He may have
too much. Here is the question: shall we now
raise the salary of these two officers and prepare
ourselves for continual and persistent solicitation
from every officer of the Government for an in-
crease of his salary? Without much reflection
the ScTfary of one of the Assistant Secretaries, I
believe the Assistant Secretary of War, was put
at $4,000.
Air. FOOT. The Assistant Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy was paid $4,000, that law had
not existed a day until applications came from ail
of equal grade for increase, and we have increased
some to $4,000. We have been continually pressed
to increase them all, and some of them insist that
by the mere effect of our increasing the pay of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, that act has ;
increased the pay of all corresponding in grade.
Now, I say whatever may be the meritofGen-
cral Spinner, however much he may have suffeied I
from the additional labor thrown on him in the i
past, he is now relieved from that additional labor. |
All he now has to do is to supervise and super- ;
intend and control the clerical operations of those \
who are under him, and in the discharge of that :
duty he will not have to bcemployed more hours j
of labor than we spend here in the Senate, or than j
any other officer of the Government has to do in .
performing his duty. I say, therefore, Mr. Presi- J
dent, that we ought to resist this pressure on us .
to increase the pay of the civil officers of the Gov- J
crnment. If there is any occasion, on account of jj
the depreciation of paper money, to increase the |j
pay of any officers, it would be undoubtedly those jj
who are engaged in the camp, who are separated
from their families, who are in actual war; but as
to civil officers, of whatever rank or grade, I, for
one, will vote no increase to their compensation or
pay. It seems that of all others the two that are
now pressed upon us are those who have the least
call, because we have by laws passed at this ses-
sion relieved them from all the burden of addi-
tional labor thrown on them, so that they have
nothing now to do but superintend and supervise
the ordinary business of a bureau m the Treasury
Department.
Mr. COWAN. I should be sorry to create any
erroneous impression about this matter. At the
same time I am not convinced by what 1 have
hoard that this bill ought not to pass as it was re-
ported by the Committee on Finance. I am sorry
that any misunderstanding should have occurred
among the members of the committee as to the
amount ofcompensation agreed upon fortheTreas-
urer. Certainly that was subject to the inspection
of all the members of the committee. I have only
to say that this compensation is not to be given
to the Treasurer of the United Stages so much on
account of extiaordinary labor which he will be
called upon to perform hereafter, and which, if he
were called upon to perform, his physical force
would fail in the effort—it would not be possible
for him to continue in the performance of it much
longer—but the reason why I think he should be
paid the salary contemplated by this bill is be-
cause he has been in the estimation of all a faith-
ful officer, a skillful one, one who has managed the
affairs of his department, vast, monstrous as it is,
in such a way as to win the commendation of all.
What I would pay him for would be the risk
which he runs. He is the custodian of millions,
and no other man in the country anywhere would
undertake such a risk for the compensation he at
present receives. There is not a lawyer in the
country who would think of passing through his
hands the one hundredth part of the money which
this officer handles daily for the whole annual
compensation that he receives. He is the custo-
dian not of millions alone, but of hundreds of mil-
lions, and with the responsibility hanging over
his head and secured by his bond in a sum suffi-
cient to render himself and his sureties insolvent
and poor for life if he were to make a mistake.
I am astonished that gentlemen have such ideas
of the risk and responsibility attendant upon th is
office. Suppose we drive away a faithful man,
who is doing this work to our satisfaction, and
doing it as nobody else perhaps competent to the
task would do it, what will be the consequence ?
Some incompetent man, some man who is un-
willing to consider the question of his risk or his
responsibility, may take this place, and in an in-
stant, in an hour, you may lose fifty times this
salary. A single blunder may lose to the Treas-
ury any amount that you may think of. 1 hope,
therefore, that this bill will pass, and that the com-
pensation contemplated in it will be allowed to the
Treasurer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now rccuis on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
moves to strike out the third section. Before the
section is stricken out, I move to amend ft by
striking out " six" and inserting   five," s© as to
make the Treasurer's salary $5,000. #
Mr. IIOWE. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, and I want to
state, in as few woids as i can, why I shall do it,
I do not believe there is a railroad company, nor
a canal company, nor a mining company, nor
a steamboat company, nor a meichant, nor any
private party in the United States, that imposes
upon an employe one fourth part of the respons-
ibility that rests day and night upon the Treas-
urer of the United States, and think1? of getting
such service foranything like$6,000a year. Ido
not believe it is good policy for a Government,
so much exposed as tins is, toallow all the world
of individuals to outbid them for faithful and capa-
ble service. I believe the United States of America
cun pay what railroad companies pay for like ser-
vices and like responsibilities, and I believe w«
had better do it, We do do it, or at least we come
