1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
unteer force to do it; and a volunteer force con-
sisting of the people of the State will be the best
and the most effective, because they are acquainted
with all the country, with all its passes, its mount-
ains and its gorges, roads and paths; they are
acquainted with us people; they know the loyal
, from the disloyal. The defense and attack that
can be made by that sort of troops locally is far
more effective than that which can be made by
United States forces drawn from other States. I
think that ten or liftmen thousand troops of this
charadet, authorized to be raised under this bill,
would make the defense of the State very com-
plete—not entirely so, but reasonably so—and
would allow all the tin ee years forces to be spared
from the State to meet the enemy in secessia-—
in the seceded States themselves.
There is another reason, and a very strong one,
why this force ought to be authorized. The most
loyal and the truest portion of our population is
in the mountains. I live in what is called the blue-
grass country, and a more wealthy agrieultuial
counti y does not exist anywhere. 11 egret to say
that the heaviest defection to the Union cause is in
the plains, the blue-giass legion; and the greatest
devotion and fidelity to it is in our mountains and
hills. These mountains, as I have before said,
have been desolated by successive raids of armed
men, moving alternately from one side and the
other, until they have literally devastated the
country. John Morgan's men, that moved for the
purpose of intercepting, if possible, Geoige Mor-
gan's body of troops on their retreat from Cum-
berland Gap to the Ohio 1 iver, burned in one sec-
tion of a single county thniy-two houses, accoid-
ing to their own admission; evei y t lnnj> in the way
of gram or meat they consumed; they stole all the
serviceable horses on the way, and all the cattle
and hog stock they drove off for the puipose of
feeding their own armies. They left that country
entirely destitute, and the other and more wealthy
portions of the State are now engaged in forming
associations for the purpose of feeding this house-
less and destitute portion of our population, who
constitute the true strength and defense of our Stale
against the secession ainiies. And these people—
their old men, and their women, and their boys
under military age—will not be permuted to plow
and to sow their corn-fields in the ensuing spi ing,
unless i his measure of defense be passed. These
guerrilla chiefs and then bands understand their
business. They know that to attack this hardy
mountain portion of our people is the most effect-
ual mode of striking at the Union strength in the
State of Kentucky; and they will continue their
devastations for the purpose of pieventing en-
tiiely the cultivation of at least one half ot' th.it
State, and (In y will utterly drive these people from
that portion of the State unless theyaro protected,
and are allowed to sow in some security and pence
and to reap in the same circumstances.
Mr. President, Congress has passed a law sim-
ilar to this for the benefit of Missouri, and an-
other for Maryland. Why not one for Kentucky '
You gentlemen who live m States that have been
free from the invasion of the confederate fores
know nothing of the miseiies that it brings upon
an invaded country. It is literally devastated.
It is for the purpose of preventing further devas-
tation, and of giving protection to this truest por-
tion of our population, that our noble Governor
desires this measure to be passed. lie was here
just before the recess was taken. lie came on to
solicit in person the Pre^idt tit and members of
Congress to permit this bill to pass. He intends
to make such use of it as a true patriot and Go\-
ernorof Kentucky ought to make, and none oilier.
He,with the humble individual who now addresses
you, holds no eompromiso with secession. We
regard it and IN authors- as the measure nnd ar-
tificers of all thri woes that are now healing so
oppressively npoo whole land, and our own
State esnreiaily. We h'H <• for the 'f.-M iead-
eis nothing but wvv, uncompromising war, until
they are subjugated and arc reduced to Hubmitsioi^
to the Constitution ind the laws. The seeet >ir-n
leaders and the Union men of Kentucky canno',
and new r can, inhabit the fame rount/y. I* is
for the purpose of making the war effective, and
more effective ur>on them than ir. has been here-
tofore, that we des're so gieatly the pa^n^e of
this measuie. We know that it will enable us to
raise a description of force there that will be more
eliective in our local conflicts with the secession
armies, when they make their raids into the State,
than any we have had.
But, Mr. President, I will not enlarge further
upon this subject. I conclude by expressing the
hope, and the ardent hope, that this bill may pass;
that my State, which is now bleeding at every
pore, with one half of her loyal military popula-
tion in the field, and the half that remains at home
subject to continual incursions and despoilments
from guerrilla bands thatare continually invading
the State, will be furnished with the protection
which is necessary. I trustthatameasure which
is so necessary to give the proper protection to
the loyal population that lumains at home for the
purpose of occupying the country and feeding
those that are at home and those that aie in camp,
and themselves ready to meet any invader that may
come for the purpose of subjugating the State to
the dominion of the confederate government, will
be passed. I trust, Mr. President", that the Senate
will not fuither hesitate, but will pass the bill and
allow it to go to my State speedily, that our true !
and patriotic Governor and the other Union men
of that State may immediately organize an effi-
cient local, effective, loyal force for the purpose
of rendering the best service that they can in the
cause of the Constitution and the Union.
Mr. COLT. A MRU. T desire to move one little
amendment, to which I presume there will be no
objection. It is to insert after the word " Ken-
tucky," in the third line of the first section, the
words, " by the consent and under the direction
of the President of the United States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion is not now in order. The question pending
before the Senate is„a motion to postpone indefi-
nitely, which takes precedence of a motion to
amend.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that motion will bevofrd
down. I have no sort of objt etion to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 presume not, if we can
get to it.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the hill indefinitely, and
on that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. TRUMT3ULL. T believe that motion was
made bv myselfal tho last session.
Tin1 VICE PRESIDENT. The motion was
submitted by the Senator fiom Illinois,
j Mr. TRUMBULL My reason for making the
I motion, 1 presume, was that 1 believed it impolitic
| to be oigani/ing separate Slate commands. We
I are engaged in a gieat national war, with a mon-
| strous ie!m limn. What we want is activity and
S energy and union on the part of the Govei ument;
| we want a united effort; and, in my judgment, this
• authorizing of separate State commands to be
raised under a military board in Kentucky, so far
as it has any effect, is calculated to distract our
military counsels. If these troops aie to be raised
and to be subject to the rules and articles of war,
and to be under the command of the generals m
the service of the United States, make them sol-
diers of the United States .it once; let them enlist,
as the ti oop.s m rny State do, foi three years. We
have no twelve months men m the teivico of the
State of Illinois. Every soldier in the field from
that State—and we have one hundred and forty-
seven regiments of them—has enlisted for three
years.
And why organize a force temporarily for Ken-
tucky'1 It is intended to be a sort of State force.
| I know that Kentucky has suffered; and I wish
| with all my heart that Kentucky could take caie
of heis'df—that there was a sufficient loyal feeling
m Kentucky to stop these raids; but, sir, I can-
not approve of the [dan of organizing a separate
comunnd under dilietent regulations in Kentucky
than those we ha\e in other States. 1 was opposed
to the oiganiza'ion of such a command m Mis-
souri. J think tiru v.*hei'' our armies are opera-
ting as they aie in Kentucky and in the viennty
of Kentucky, ail the f-ices should be under the
same organization, .subject to the same command-
ers, pan! by the same euthonty, supplied and
fur nr \v d by the same officc rs; and it is upon this
£en<_ral viuw of the subject that I think it injudi-
cious to pass a bill of this kind. Surely Ken-
tucky ^ in raise troops and put them upon the
same footing as the troops of oihci States; and 1
know no reason why there should be a special act
for the State of Kentucky that would not apply
to the State of Arkansas directly, and to the State
of Tennessee perhaps at this time, and to the State
of Virginia, or one of the States of Virginia, for
I believe we have two now7. 1 think the precedent
is bad, and I trust that the bill will be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. "DAVIS. Mr. President, I will say a sin-
gle word in reply to the Senator from Illinois,
if the State of Illinois had been subject to the
same numerous and extended raids that Kentucky
has been exposed to, I think the Senator from
Illinois would look at the subject through a differ-
ent medium. We all know the fact ^iat under
eighteen there are a great many active and most
effective young men, and that over forty-five there
are a great many hale, stout, hearty men who can
render military service; and 1 suppose that we
should go largely under and above those ages re-
spectively for the purpose of making up the sum
of men that would be necessary under this bill if
it should pass. Why, sir, what is the state of
facts now? More than one half of the loyal mil-
itaiy population of the State of Kentucky is in
the service of the United States. Does not the
Senator from Illinois know, and does not every
gentleman know, that you may raise for the loeal
defense of any country a much larger body of men
than you can march out of the State into other
countries for the purpose of aggressive war ? That
is the point of view in which this measure would
be so useful to and so effective for the State of
Kentucky. There is no stout, hale man under
sixt v-five years of age, and no well-grown boy
between sixteen and eighteen, that would not at
once unite, so far as it became necessary, in this
nn tiiai y organization for the defense of their local
country. The bill proposes that tins force shall
be subject to precisely the same military govern-
ment that the forces of the United States are; that
they shall be subject to all the orders that the
President or any of his generals may give to them
for the purpose of directing when and where and
how they shall render service. They aie to bo
subject to the rules and articles of war.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask one question for in-
formation? I wish to know whether this bill pro-
poses to raise for the defense of Kentucky an
order of soldiers that is commonly called " home
guards."
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; and especially will they
not interfere with the right of suffrage of any
of the people of Delaware", or any other State.
[Laughter.] Now, Mr. President, I will answer
one objection of the; Senator from Illinois. The
; State of Kentucky is not able to pay this foice.
She has never had gcayealthy treasury, and what
she had she 1ms given up to the service of the
United States Government already. She has ad-
vanced about two and a half millions of money to
the United States armies, and, in addition to that,
she turned over to General Anderson her entire
arsenal, consisting of cannon and small arms, nnd
she has not reclaimed one of her guns from tlie
United States service, and they are still held by
the armiesof the United States. ThcUnited Stales
Government is largely indebted to the Slate of
Kentucky for money advanced for the aimies of
the United States; to be sure, for the protection of
Kentucky and for her defense. She has not yefe
received what is due to her from the United States
Government. She turned overnboutthirty pieces
of ordnance, and some eight or ten thousand mus-
kets, to General Anderson, for the exclusive use
^ of the armies of the United States, and not one
i of those guns has yet been returned to her. It:s
1 because siie has no resources herself at all ade-
' quote to raise such a force as this, because of her
! undefended condition, and the fact that the United
! States Government does not defend her, that she
i asks permission to organize into a military army
I the whole of her remaining population that*arc
yet capable of rendering military scivice, and in
; doing that they would do as much seivice to the
■ Union c.iu^e j>enei<u!y as they would do locally
to the State of Iwitueky.
Ifrrentlemen will permit the motion to postpone
1 indefinitely to be voted down, and have the bill
i t end, if it be then desirable tt> amend it, to improve
| it in any feature whatever, let the amendments be
! made, but let the bill pass, and let our State have
; the pnvilegeof iaisinf this force foi hei own local
! defense, and for the general service of the United
! States. Qur defense is the defense of Ohio. The
