1832>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
nearer to it, in the payment of many officers than is
proposed by the bill as it now stands before the
Senate. We pay the Assistant Treasurer in New
Yorlfprecisely the salary which this bill proposes
to pay the Treasurer Of the United States. We
pay the chief clerk in the New York office §3,500
a yfar. We pay one or two others $3,000 a year.
My impression is that we pay the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey $6,000 a year. We pay the
heads of Departments $8,000. After all, to say
nothing about the amount of physical labor per-
formed by these different officers, the amount of
the responsibility resting on the Treasurer of the
United States is vastly more than that resting on
any of the others, and perhaps would be, except-
ing the Assistant Treasurer in New York, un-
doubtedly more than all the others. The Senator
from Maine has said we cannot afford to pay for
responsibilities. Other employers do. Perhaps we
cannot afford to make full compensation for this
amount of responsibility.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I meant.
Mr. HOWE. That may be true. But let us
make an effort; let us approximate it; let us pay
something; let us be decent, if we cannot be just.
I do not think that $6,000 is anything more than
an approximation to justice in fixing this salary.
Great stress is laid on the character of the services
performed by the present Treasurer of the United
States. No man who knows as little of those ser-
vices'as I do, I think, can have a higher appreci-
ation of them; but I admit it is dangerous to fix
salaries with a view to compensating foi the ser-
vices rendered by a particular officer, or the in-
cumbent of an officc at a particular time, for we
do not know how long this Treasurer rr.ay be
continued in the service of the Government of thf*
United States. We do not know how soon he
may be superseded by a man very unsuited to fill
his place, and incapable of discharging the duties
of that office as he discharges them; but I think
it is incumbent on the Government of the United
States to pay for faithful and able service, and
then get it if they can. While they continue this
Treasurer in office they will get what they pay for,
and a good deal more than they pay for. When
they cease to have his services, and have the ser-
vices of a man less able, or less faithful, it is not
his fault; it is the fault and misfortune of the
Government of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the third section proposed
by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been very well
known that I have been opposed to raising sala-
ries almost as much as my friend from Ohio—not
quite, however—and 1 moved to strike this down
for the reasons that I gave. On reflection, how-
ever, and in view of the very great responsibili-
ties of the Treasurer of the United States, and
seeing how far they transcend the responsibilities
that were ever imposed upon the sub-Treasurer
or Assistant Treasurer at New York, whose sal-
ary was fixed at $6,000 on account of his respons-
ibilities as well as on account of his labors, I do
not feel inclined to insist upon die amendment that
I offeted, and I shall withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine is withdrawn.
The question is on rhe amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, which is to strike out the third section
after the enacting clause and insert what was read
at the desk.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to hear that
read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted in lieu of the third section, as follows:
That the compensation of the Assistant Treasurer shall
be $2,500 per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN, i will simply repeat that if
this third section is stricken out it will leave the
salaty of the Treasurer at §4,000 a year, what it
is now. I think that is enough. I should like to
have the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24: as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Kenneth.
Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroj, Powell, Richardfon,
SauUbury. Sherman, Trumbull, Tuipio, and Wilmot—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Carlile, Clark, Coliainei, Cow-
an. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Har-
ris, Hendei.^on, flicks, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, La-
tham, Ne?mith. llice, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew the amendment
submitted a little while ago by the Senator from
Maine, to reduce the amount named in the bill as
the salary of the Treasurer from $6,000 to §5,000
a year.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. The Senator from Maine made that
motion and withdrew it, being satisfied of its im-
propriety.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Iowa has
made it, and does not intend to withdraw it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 fenow that; but 1 hope the
Senate will not agree to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Davis, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Ken-
nedy, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Pomeioy, Powell,
Rice,Saul=burv, Sherman, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Trumbull,
Turtle, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Carlile, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
little, Foot, Hicks, Howe, King, Latham, Wade, and
Wiliey—112.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to strike out the
$3,000 which is allowed to the Assistant Treas-
urer, and which is the same sum which is allowed
to the chiefs ofall the bureaus,and insert" $2,500,"
which is $100 more than is allowed to the cashier,
and #500 more than we allowed the other day to
the Assistant Register of the Treasury.
Mr. CLARK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yuaa and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. My sole purpose in moving
the amendment is to make the bill a little congru-
ous, and make the salaries of the respective offi-
cers in these different bureas somewhat corre-
sponding. We created the other day the office of
Assistant Register of the Treasury, and we gave
him $2,000 salary. This proposes to create the
office of AssistantTreasurer, and give hima com-
pensation of $3,000. That is precisely the same
compensation that is now allowed to the First and
Second Comptrollers.
Mr. SHERMAN. The FirstComptrollergets
^3,600.
Mr. GRIMES. The Second Comptroller gets
$3,000. No one of your Auditors—very import-
ant officers—gets more more than $3,000. It seems
to me this compensation ought not to be equal to
the compensation of a chief of a bureau, being
only second m a bureau, and my amendment will
give $300 more compensation than was allowed
the other day to the Assistant Register.
Mr. CLARK. 1 think it will be agreed by
everybody that the present is one of the last times
in which we ought to be laismg salaries or fixing
them at high grades; and it seems to me we lose
sight of what ought to be an important considera-
tion in fixing those salaries. Instead of inquiring
what the place is worth, what we can get a good
and competent man for, we are inquiring what
this man gets and what that man gets, and try to
find somebody who gets a high price and raise
the salary to correspond with that. A prudent
man in his own business, in fixing the salary of
a person in his employ, would say, " what can
I get a competent man for?" Now, I do not de-
sire to fix these salaries at so low a grade that a
person with sufficient talent and education would
be deprived of the office; but I desire to fix them
so thatamanof competent talentdnd accomplish-
ment shall have a fair living, and nothing more
than that, and to inquire what we can get the ser-
vices which we require for; and it seems to me
that $2,500 for services of this kind is abundant
at this time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 7; as follows:
YF/Af>—Messrs. Arnold. Caihle, Clark, Collamer. Davis,
I'Y^-cnden, Fosfei, Grimes Hailan, Hams Henderson,
Howard, Kennedv, King, Lane of Kansas. Pomeroy, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Sauksbury, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Tuipie, Wade", Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of
Missouri—28.
X \ *"3—Messrs. Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Hicks, Howe,
Lath.au, and Itice—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments wereconcurred in. The
hill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and it was read the third time, and passed.
GAUGE OF PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask leave to with-.
draw the motion I made last night to reeonsi&e?
the vote on the passage of the bill fixing the
gauge of the Pacific railroad. I made the motion
at the request ofthe Senator from California,
McDougall.] He is not here to avail himself
of it, and 1 therefore desire to withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ChairwiU
state that it appears from an indorsement ori iha
bill that it has been returned to the Senate from
the House of Representatives in consequence of
a request from the Senate for the return of the
bill from that House. The Senator from Kansas,
therefore, will perhaps accompany his motion
with the additional motion that the bill be re-
turned to the House of Representatives.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will do that.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I hope the Sen-
ator will not withdraw the motion to reconsider
at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is leave grant-
ed to withdraw the motion to reconsider?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I object to the
withdrawal at present.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the vote will betaken
on granting the Senator from Kansas leave to
withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state that
I voted for the bill; I am anxious for its passage;
but the Senator from California came to me, and,
as a matter of courtesy, asked me to make the
motion to reconsider. I did so, but he has not
availed himself of it, and as an act of justice to
the Senator from Iowa I hope the Senate will per-
mit mc to withdraw the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon giving leave to the Senator from Kansas
to withdraw his motion to reconsider.
The question being taken, leave was granted to
withdraw the motion, and the bill was directed to
be again sent to the House of Representatives.
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA.
Mr. WADE. I'move now to take up the un-
finished business of yesterday, which is House
bill No. 357.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration ofthe bill (H.R. No. 357)
to provide a temporary government for the Terri-
tory of Arizona.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The,question
is, " Shall the amendments be engrossed and the
bill be read a third time?"
Mr. WADE. Since this bill was before the
Senate at the lastsession, the Committee onTerri-
tories have had under consideration those amend-
ments again, and have instructed me to ask the
Senate to permit them to withdraw the amend-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that amendments were made., as in
Committee of the Whole and concurrcd in by the
Senate, and they cannot now be withdrawn.
Mr. WADE. I do not think they have been
concurred in. My recollection is that they have
not been acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reoord
shows otherwise.
Mr. WADE. I think that is a mistake. I do
not think they have been concurred in; they were
reported by the committee, but were not acted on
by the Senate, according to my recollection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the amendments reported by the
Committee on Territories were adopted by the
Senate acting as in Committee of the Whole, and
afterwards concurred in by the Senate; and the
question now is, "Shall the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill be read a third time?"
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate recon-
sider the vote agreeing to those amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what the
amendments arc.
Mr. WADE. One of the amendments fixes
the seat of government oftheTerritory; but since
we repotted"the bill, we were doubtful whether it
woulu not be better to leave it, as the other House
left it, to the people there to fix the seat of gov-
ernment for themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do you propose to recon-
sider all amendments?
Mr. WADE. Thereare only two amendments.
One is that of which I have spoken, and the other
is that in regard to making the Governor the su-
perintendent of Indian affairs there. In some bills
