1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
that has been done, and it was thought last year
best that it should he done here. On reconsider-
ation, however, we have thought it better to leave
it us the House of Representatives did. The first
amendment is in the second section, after the word
" Governor,"in the fourth line, to insert the words
" who, in addition to his other duties, shall be ex
officio superintendent of Indian affairs, but shall
receivc no additional salary therefor." That pro-
vision is unusual. It is not generally inset ted in
territorial bills. A year ago, for certain reasons,
it was thought best that it should be inserted, but
on reconsideration the committee think it best not
to have it in, and therefore I move to reconsider
the vote on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate concurred in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole in the second section
of the bill, which he has lead.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I now move to reconsider the
vote on the otheramendment, which was to insert
at the end of the second section of the bill:
And until otherwise provided by the Legislature of said
Teiritory, the seat of government of said Territory shall
be at Tucson : Jind providedfuithcr, That 110 one session
of the Legislative Assembly shall exceed lortydaysm dura-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
why that provision was put in in the first place,
and is now proposed to be stricken out?
Mr. WADE. I have already undertaken to
state that. When the bill was before the com-
mittee at the last session it was thought best to
fix the seat of government in the bill. We fixed
on Tucson as being perhaps the most central po-
sition at the present time. But on further con-
sideration the mining interests seemed to be estab-
lishing a place of more importance in another
point, and therefore the committee came to the
conclusion that it would be better to leave it to
the people there to fix it for themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 alluded more particu-
larly to the last clause, which limits the duration
of the session of the Legislature. It strikes me
that that is a very wholesome provision.
Mr. WADE. That is rather an unusual pro-
vision. I do not know really any reason why
we should put it in. I do not think that we ought
to limit them unless they show a disposition to be
prolix and delay business. I think this amend-
ment ought to be reconsidered. There is another
reason. If the bill is amended it mustgobaik to
the House of Representatives, and that is dan-
gerous at this period of the session, with such a
multiplicity of business. These piovisions are
all nf them unusual; they have not generally been
attached to temtovml bills.
The motion to leconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is, will the Senate concur with the Commit-
tee of the Whole in these two amendments, sepa-
rately or together, as Senators ahull desire the
vote to be taken ?
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I hope now that the Committee
on Tern to i ies will be permitted to withdraw these
amendments, or that they will be rejected, 1 do
not care which.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
must be taken upon them, they having been
adopted in the Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Ohio that there was
another amendment, made as in Committee of the
Whole and concurred in by the Senate, which was
not reported by the Committee on Territories.
Mr. WADE. There is something wrong about
that. This bill has never really been acted upon
at all.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. You had better move
a reconsideration.
Mr. WADE. I have moved a reconsideration
of the only two amendments that were made to
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those were
the only amendments reported by the Committee
on Territories; but there was another amendment
moved by a member of the Senate when the body
was acting as in Committee of the Whole, and
adopted then,and afterwards concurred in by the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. What, was it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was to strike out the word " until," in the
twenty-eighth line of the second section, and to
insert " f« r more than three months before;" so
as to make the proviso read:
Provided, Thttf no salary shall be due or paid to the offi-
cers created by this act for more than three months before
they have entered upon the duties of their respective
offices.
Mr. WADE. I should like to have the amend-
ment struck out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was moved by the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle.] It is competent to the Sen-
ator from Ohio to move a reconsideration of the
vote; but it having been adopted in the Senate, it
cannot be stricken out now without a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. WADE. 1 move a reconsideration of the
vote on that amendment. I believe it passed with-
out a division.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in this amendment, which
was agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
open to amendment. If no amendment be pro-
posed, the question will be on ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out the
third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
proposed to be etiicken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Skc. 3. Jitul be it further cnaclcd. That there shall neither
be slavery nor involuntary seivitude in the said Territoiy
otherwise than in the punishment of crimes whereof the
panics shall have been duly convicted ; and all acts and
parts of acts, either of Congress or of the Ten itorv of New
Mexico, establishing, regulating, or in any way recogniz-
ing the relation of master and slave in said Teiritory, arc
hueby repealed.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the thiid time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yeas and
navs on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. Perhaps it may be proper for me
to explain the provisions of this bill, and the rea-
sons why its passage is asked for, as the yeas and
nays have been called on that question. The Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, including Arizona, is an i
exceedingly large one, altogether too extensive
for any municipal business to be transacted in its
extieme portions. After the Territory of Arizona
was acquired, it was for some time attached to
New Mexico for civil purposes, and is now a part
and parcel of that Territory. The principal point
of population in Arizona is some seven hundred
miles from the seat of justice in New Mexico, and
there never has been a court held in Arizona since
the Territory was acquired in 1853, as I am in-
formed and believe. The seat of justice in New
Mexico, where they must go for the adjudication
of all judicial matters, through hostile tribes of
Indians, i« so remote that even in cases of murder
of the most flagrant character they have been com-
pelled to let the murderers go with impunity, un-
punished .
The number of squar* miles embraced in this
Territory of Arizona is one hundred and twenty
thousand nine hundred and twelve, about five or
six times as large as the State of Ohio; and the
portion of New Mexico from which it is divided
is almost as large, for the boundary line divides
the whole Territory nearly in the middle. This
Tei ntory is wateied by two large rivers, the Colo-
rado and the Gila. The waters of this proposed
Territory flow into the Pacific ocean, those of
New Mexico into the Atlantic ocean. By the last
census the inhabitants were shown to number I
6,482, and there are said to have been added since ]
that time 2,500 more; making the number of in- '
habitants much larger than most of our Territo-
ries have had when they were organized. I have
a list of them here: Indiana was erected into a
Territory with 4,507 inhabitants; Mississippi,
5,170; Michigan, 4.818; Illinois, 11,501; Minne-
sota, 6,038; Washington, 2,500; Nevada, 6,857;
Dakota, 4,839; so that in point of inhabitanteUhis
Territory has nearly double the average of the
Territories that have been organized. In mineral
wealth it is not exceeded by any Territory we
have; perhaps not by any portion of the world,
it is thought to be as rich in gold and silver, and
especially the latter, as any part of the earth.
1 will state that it has always been necessary
to organize our Territories in order to invite pop-
ulation there. Our people are very loath to make
their homes in a country entirely unprotected by
law. It was so in the Territories we organized
two years ago. Take the Territory of Nevada,
for instance. It was almost destitute of inhabit-
ants when it was organized. The same was true
of Colorado; and Dakota had still less, perhaps.
Since that time they have increased in the devel-
opment of their wealth and in population beyond
all precedent. Nevada, I believe, now has more
than forty-live thousand inhabitants, when two
years ago it had but about five thousand. People
would not go there; they would hardly have been
induced by the richness of the mines to go there
until the Territory was organized and they had
some security for their rights, some protection by
law. The country is in such a condition now
that it seems to me if it ever would be necessary
to resort to such measures as will develop the min-
eral wealth of the country, now is the time to do
so. It would be very well to have a little gold and
silver to mix up with our greenbacks.
I believe that the organization of thisTerritory
will lead immensely to the increase of its popu-
lation and to the development of its vast riches
that are latent and undeveloped. I have no doubt
there is as much necessity for the organization of
this Ten itory as any one we have ever organized.
Its population exceeds that of almost any Terri-
tory that has ever applied for organization. The
extent of country contained in it is greater than
any that has been organized that I know of. The
necessity of this organization for judicial pur-
poses and for the security of the rights of the peo-
ple is such that it seems to me no one can doubt
the propriety and necessity of an early organiza-
tion. I know it is attended with some lit tie expense,
but that is not very great, and is nothing as com-
pared withthedevelopmentof the vast wealth that
is there, which will be developed, I have no doubt,
by the organization of the Territory, it is the
gateway to Mexico.
I do not wish to prolong this argument. In-
deed, I did not intend to make any observations
upon the bill, for I thought it would pass without
even a call for the yeas and nays. The question
has been under consideration before the Commit-
tee on Territories ever since I have been a mem-
ber of that committee. 1 remember vet y wHl that
the Committee on Territories in 1853 or 1854, I
think, when Mr. Douglas was at its head, agreed
that it ought to be organized. For some reason
or other it was not done. They could not then
exactly agree how it should be cut. There were
other considerations mixed up with it which alone
led to the delay, in my judgment.
There is quite an emigration from California to
this proposed Territory; and I ought to state, per-
haps, that the trade and commerce of this Terri-
tory will be to the Pacific. It is about one hun-
dred and fifty miles from the proposed seat of gov-
ernment to the Pacific. The inteicomse of New
Mexico will be with the Atlantic, and St. Louis
particularly. I have no doubt there is an eminent
propriety for the organization of this Territory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, t made
some observations when this bill was under con-
sideration a year or two ago, and 1 believe it was
on my motion that it was postponed at that time.
I do not know that I have anything now to sub-
mit to the Senate in regard to it any more than to
repeat what I then saitl. It does seem to me that
this is not the most appropriate time for organ-
izing new Territoiies and creating new offices in
remote parts of the country where your officers
cannot discharge the duties they are sent to per-
form unless they are backed up with an army. I
do not suppose anybody expects that a Governor
and three judges, a district attorney and a marshal
going out to Arizona will establish order and law
there and affoid that protection which the Senator
from Ohio, svho has charge of this bill, speaks of.
What protection will they give? What security
will they afford? You have got to have an army
there to protect the miners in the present condi-
tion of the country; and if you have to send an
army there they will not need a territorial Gov-
ernor and judges.
