1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
the same fooling as men who had volunteered to
put down this rebellion and crush rebels anywhere
and everywhere that they could find them.
Again: these troops are to be raised for twelve
months. Why? What are they to do? According
to the terms of (his bill, you are to have twenty
thousand twelve months men in the State of Ken-
tucky. 1 trust that in that buttle which has been
alluded to, which is gomgonat Murfreesboro', we
shall signally defeat the rebel armies, and, if so,
the guerrillas will be expelled from Kentucky.
Now, you dre uuthorizing a force to be raised—
not by this Government, but by the military board
for Kentucky—of twenty thousand men,and au-
thorizing them to he turned into cavalry; and at
whose suggestion ? Not at the suggestion of the
President of the United States. 1 ask the chair-
man of the Committee <m Military Affairs to look
at this bill, it is not the President of the United
Slates who is to settle that matter; but whenever
any portion of th«s volunteer corps may, in the
opinion of the genetal in command of the depart-
ment, be thought necessary to become mounted
men, he has authority to mount and arm them as
mounted riflemen. It is to be done at the discre-
tion of the general, not of the President.
Then, how is it as to brigades? They are not
subject to the general law m regard to brigades.
"We have a law on the statute-book which I believe
requires that it shall take not less than four regi-
ments to constitute a brigade; but how are these
men to be officeicd ?
"The said regiments may be founed into briaade-. at the
dihcuMiou ol Uic otlu'ei iti cnmui.uiilof the depai[ine!!f,.'in«l
the hriLfndioij to command niny tie dr>«i<rn;ifed horn time fo
tune, by the Depaument ol Wat ,or the <;t:neial in command
of the dep.utnu nt "
You are taking this command out from under
the general regulations thatgovern the Aimy; you
ore allowing the War Department to designate
commnndeis of the brigades, if the War Depart-
ment designated the conmiandeis of b) igades gon-
eially, 1 should not object to it; but I would give
no such -special power as this. .1 would not au-
thorize, brigades to uo formed at the discretion of
the commander of the department. Why, I ask,
should not these troops t>e subject to the general
law ni regard to the formation of brigades?
We need not shut our eyes to the fact; nor
should we delude omselves with the idea, as the
Senator from Wisconsin would have us, that this
is a force raised ioi the Umred States. 11 is a force
for Kentucky; u ;S novel intended to go out of the
himr* of KV ntrn k v, and, m my pid<im-'nt,it would
not be as serviceable a three as ' lie .same uumooi of
men raised under the auf hoi ity of the U n ited Stales
would be if it were tain n out of Kentucky. I
think the Senator from Wisconsin will agree that
men who were raised unon the supposition that
they were to serve m Wisconsin, and Wisconsin
only, would not bo as well satisfied and as ser-
viceable a bod'/ of men to go to a distant part of
the country as a force which was raised with the
uirleistanding that they were to be taken to a dis-
tant portion of the country. The result will be
that thefco men will no^ei betaken out of Ken-
tucky, and what somce they will pot form there
i do not know. Thoy may peifonn service for
a few weeks when some guerrilla band is roam-
ing through the State, but there will be months
when they will have nothing to do except to muster
and receive their pay.
i trust thit the bill will be, indefinitely post-
poned. if iheie ib a de.Moj to amend it, I have
no disposition to |>te^s the motion n<>w. It "ur
friends wish to amend i', j am willing that they
should moke the auuvdmeofs; but n cannot bo
amended so as to s. -une mv vote if it shall au-
thoi ize a separate foieo t-  bo raised for the State of
Kentucky.
Mr. CLARK, f would suggest to the honor-
abb Senator from Illinois that ho let us try and
see if we can amend th" hiP.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to withdraw
the motion to nidi fi!"'"!} pohtomio. It can be don j
by unanimous '-MU.-'-Mt, 1 Hippo^e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ItivquireH unani-
raous cniiwiii. l-i 'hero onjw uon ? The Chair
hears none. The bill, ihen,is before the Senate,
and open fo amendment. Tho amendment sub-
mitted by the .Senator from Vermont is now in
order.
Mr. CLARK. I think it is in order now to
move to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs, that they may consider the mat-
ter and report at an early day.
Mr. COLLAMJ2R. Let the amendment I have
proposed be made. Nobody will object to it. Then
let the bill be referred.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Vermont de-
sires his amendment, which nobody will object to,
to be adopted ami then let it be recommitted.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment I propose
is in section one, line three, after the word Ken-
tucky," to insert (t by the consent and under the
direction of the President of the United States;"
so that the clausc will read :
That the military boaul tor Kentuckv, by the consent and
under the dnection of the President of the United States,
shall have power to lai^e, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. 1 now submit the motion to \
recommit.
Mr. DAVIS. One minute first, if you please.
The military board of that State has been abol-
ished within the last few months. I move, with
the permission of the Senator from New Hump- '
shire, to strike out the words " military board
for," and insert, "the Governor of the State of."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair 1
hearft none. The question is now on the motion j
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Military !
A fruiis. I
Mr. CLARK. I desire simply to say, in favor
of this motion, not to take up the time of the Son- j
ate, that it is the duty of the Geneial Government ;
to defend Kentucky m this emergency; so long ;
as she remains loyal to the Union, as she does 1
now—1 speak of her position as a State—it is :
the duty of the General Government to defends
her,and to prevent these raids within her borders. 1
Now, that is to be done by the troops of the Union, i
or by the troops which. Kentucky will laise her- j
self, or both. If done by the troops of the United ]
States, it takes so many forccs from theprosecu- ;
tion of the war and the putting down of the rebel-
lion. If done by the troops which Kentucky
raises for that purpose, ic loaves the troops already
raised, to fight in other places; and I desire to say
that in ordoi to stop these raids and put down the
rebellion in that State and to protect Kentucky,
it can be done betler by the men who understand
the passes and the roads and the country than
anybody else. I venture to say that one man un-
derstanding the countiy will do more than two
who do not understand the country. I do not
know that 1 shall vote fot the bill when it is per-
fected; 1 see there are great objections to it; but
I desire that it should go to the committee and
have their consideration to see whether some good
may not come out of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will justsay one word, not to
detain the Senate more than a minute, m reply to
one or two ideas suggested by the Senator from
Illinois. The honorable Senator seems to decry the
soldiers who will be raised under this bill because
they wili be i.tisod for the tei m of twelve months.
Who fought the battles of the war of but six
months men : Who repelled General Pievost at
Pbifsbnrg hut six months men J Who won the
batti" of New Oi It a us, and elosal the war in glory,
byf six months men ? Who captured Proctor, at
the battle of the Timrms, and broke the British
power upon that frontier, but six months men?
Sir, those men wiil he enrolled for double the time,
and I teli the honoiable Senator from Illinois that,
those men would deem it a privilege to defend
Konto-'ky !'v marclung to Abingdon m Virginia,
Khoxviile i.i H tst Teimosst-'e,and upon Murfiees-
boro'm Midd'e Tennessee.
Mi . T1MIM HUfiL. Why confine it, then ?
Mr. DAVIS. We want a !o<\:l military power
for the patf!' ular defense of the State; but whon-
evoi th--:e is dargor outside of that Sta'e, within
conV'"'!:h m striking distance, there is not one soli-
tary man thru will bo enrolled m this militia who
will not move into Tennessee, or any otherState
whatever, to stnke at the vitals of the confederate
govei iimoiT.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is to determine that.'
Mr. DAVIS. The President, sir. We want
the proper military power of the country to de-
cide'that question. If that force was now organ-
ized, there is no man that would have been en-
rolled under it that would have hesitated one half
hour to march to the rescue of his comrades in
arms, fighting under Rosecrans against Bragg at
^Murfreesboro'; not one. We want the efficiency
of this force as portrayed in the few words* of the
Senator from New Hampshire; but wheneffer they
can render any service whatever to the'general
cause by striking a blow, they will be as ready
as three years men to strike that blow; and will
do it as effectively, too.
Mr. HENDERSON. Inasmuch as reference
has been made to a similar organization of troops
in the State of Missouri, I deem it but just to say
a word in regard to this bill; I will not occupy any
considerable time of the Senate. I would notsay
a word but for the remarks made by the Senator
from Iowa. I was not aware, until this moment,
of any difficulties existing between the troops that
have been organized in the State of Missouri, as
State militia, and the troops of the State of Iowa
that have done such excellent service in the State
I of Missouri. The Senator from iowa may have
received any number of letters upon this subject,
but I never have received a single letter from any
of the officers of that organization in Missouri, in
reference to any difficulties whatever with any
troops that may have been sent there from other
States of the Union.
1 deem it but just to the Senator from Kentucky
to say that the troops organized under a similar
law in Missouri have, in my judgment, done more
toward putting down the rebellion in that State
than all the other troops we have ever had; and
I do not wish to take any of the credit from other
iroops to which they are justly entitled. It is
mm the troops organized in Missouri were en-
listed for the term of three years, or during the
m. \r: but I believe that the act provided that their
service should he within tho limits of the State of
Missouri, or for the immediate defense of that
State. They have, however, been at all times, as
provided in the bill, under the control of the mil-
itary officers of the United States; and it has been
recently decided, under the language of the law,
pretty similar to that of the bill under considera-
tion, that they are, to all intents and purposes,
United States troops, and subject to the rules and
regulations of the United States Army.
They have been ordered out of the State, and
they have done seivice outside of the State of
Missouri. Why, sir, it was but the other day
that a portion of this organization made a most
bnllmnt exploit into the State of Arkansas, and
there destroyed works of immense value to the
rebels. My colleague states to me that a large
number of these voi y troops rue now in the State
of Arkansas; and, sir, they will remain there.
They infinitely prefer that this war should be
fought outside of the State of Missouri. J believe
that they have never, undtr any circumstances,
hesitated to leave the Sutfe when it was required
at their hands by the military officers of the Gen-
eral Government.
Gentlemen argue, in reference to troops that
may be organized in these rebellious States, just
as if they weie arguing m refetenee to the^Stato
of Massachusetts or New York. Why, sir, sup-
pose that a rebellion existed in the State of Mas-
sachusetts to-day, would I object to a bill of this
character ? Suppose that it existed in the State
of New York, would 1 object to a bill of this
character'1 Certainly not. There can be no danger
unless disloyal men are enlisted under it, and I
apprehend no difficulty upon that score. I know
it was feared, at the time of the passage of the
bill in refeience to Missouri last winter, that dis-
loyal m^n might creep into the organization, and
that ultimnt'ly Missouri might secede, and that
this organization would bo found tn the rebel
army; and the Vi ry cn^e of Rueku'u in Kentucky
was cited as evidence of the danger that might
arise. Now, sir, 1 desire to sav that this organ-
ization in Missouri consists ot loyal men, men
that will remain loyal no nutter what ma}? turn up
m the future in reference to this rebi !hon, TSfere
were many men m the State of Missouri, and I
piesume that there are many men in the State of
K<" ntimky now, who do not desire to leave the
State in order to fight battles when their own
households are in danger of desti uetion. Mondo
not like to go away from their families and leave
houses which they believe will be burned down in
less than twenty-four hours after they leave the
neighborhood. That is not the case m Ohio, or
in New York, or in Massachusetts, or in any
other northern State. We have the war upon ouc
own soil, and, as was very properly remarked by
