190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,
we have got to put therebellion down. It exists^
in thesealaveholding States, in these border States;
and if we do not put it down with troops of this
character, we must furnish the troops from other
States to do it. They know these things-, they
know who are rebels; they know what they have
been engaged in; and they know the means best
to be used in order to put them down.
Why, sir, it was this organization in Missouri
thatfought the battle of Kirkesville last August, in
north Missouri, which battle m my honest judg-
ment closed out rebellion in north Missouri. It
was this organization thatfought thcbattle against
the guerrilla hordes in north Missouri, about the
same time,under Colonel Guitar. Those two bat-
tles, anyhow, I may say, closed up rebellion in
north Missouri and gave us peace; and I believe
that we shall continue to have peace.
I have no objection to an organization of this
character, and J really think that we shall gain
much by passing some bill 114)011 this subject.
Kentucky now is as Missouri was formerly: we
are rid of these guerrilla hordes there, and we are
rid ofthem principally through the agency of these
very organizations spoken of. A similar organi-
zation in Kentucky will drive them out moie ef-
fectually than troops from a distance, because they
understand them better. I do notsay that I shall
vote for the bill in its present shape, but I shall
sustain the motion to recommit if it be the desire
of the Senator from Kentucky, with the hope
that it may be immediately reported back and put
upon its passage, after it has been perfected, ido
not say that I would vote for an organization of
twenty thousand men. Ten thousand I think
would be sufficient, and perhaps as many as the
State of Kentucky will need.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated when I was on the floor
before that the establishment of these two differ-
ent sorts of organizations was calculated to create
difficulties between the two corps, and I cited
what I understood to be the experience in Mis-
souri. I understand the gentleman from Missouri
has never had his attention called to those diffi-
culties, and he knows nothing about them. I cer-
tainly have; and I think that that Senator has ex-
hibited enough of the sentiment that seems to pre-
vail among the Missouri troops to satisfy us that
very easily such a sentiment may prevail, for he
has told here to-day that the rebellion has been
put down m Missouu principally through the in-
fluence and action of such hoops as these.
Mi, HENDERSON. When S spoke of there-
bellion within the State of Missouri, I desired to
speak, and did speak, I think, of the local rebel-
lion within the State. I did not refer to those |'
troops that invaded us from Texas and Arkansas j!
and other States. We were not able to drive ji
them out. i;
Mr. GRIMES. When the Senator was speak- , i
ingofnoith Missouri, he spoke of guerrilla troops, f!
When he was speaking of south Missouri, or the I;
State generally, he did not confine himself to guer- j j
rilla troops. ;1
Air. IIENDLRSON. Well, it will be so con- \\
siderod now. 1
Mr. GRIMES. The State of Town has had at |i
no time less than a dozen regiments in Missouri; j'
and they have not been under the impression that I1
the rebellion was principally put down by the •'
troops of the State of Missouri; but that they jj
had performed a very active and important pait j'
in suppressing the rebellion, and in driving out j;
the invaders who had trespassed upon her soil. .
Why, sir, any man can see that conflicts musst il
certainly an.se between these two organizations, '
one holding their office by a dilferent tenure, re-
quned to go beyond the S'ate limits, or wherever, !
either in this country or elsewhere, the national .
Government may send them; the other a favored ;
coqgp operating m their own immediate neighbor-
hood, to a £reat extent, surroui ded by their old 1
asxm rates, with opportunities to secure leaves of !
absence, and «o home when they are siek, or when 1
they want to attend to their pmate affahs. A
man who is a soldier from a remote State, when
he applies for a leave of absence, and wants to go '
home five or six hundred miles, is refused. He
does not stop, perhaps, to reflect and reason out :
the cause why he is refused, and permission •'
grunted $0 the other man; but stiff the fact that
permission is granted to the one and refused to ,■
the other is calculated to create heart-bui mngs, <
bickerings, and strife between the two corps, and
such is the fact. I only allude to this in response
to what the Senator from Missouri has said. His
attention has not been called to these troubles,
because he is the representative of a State which
has not suffered from them. I happen to be the
representative of a State that has suffered from
them; and I am constantly receiving letters com-
plaining of the difficulties and hardships arising
from this cause, which the soldiers from my State
are compelled to experience in his State.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say one word by way of
preventing anymisapprehension of the idea which
I threw out to the Senate this afternoon, which
was mainly in reply to the remarks submitted by
the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from Illi-
nois. I think there is no analogy between the
forces proposed to be organized under this bill
and the forces which have been alluded to as hav-
ing been organized in the State of Missouri and
the State of Maryland. I do not understand that
those troops were organized under any act of
Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, they were.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand so. I un-
derstand that a portion of the people of Missouri
were disloyal, were traitors, were in arms against
the government of that State as well as against
the Government of the UmtedStates, and that the
government of the State of Missouri mustered
some regiments and armed them. I do not know
whether they obtained any arms from the Gov-
ernment of the United States or not. I under-
stand those troops never were mustered into the
service of the United States, never were subjected
to the command of our Government; but they con-
tinued to do the work of a sort of home guard and
this special police, duty for several months, until
this Congress met at its late session, when they
passedati act to pay all the troops who had been in
the service in the State of Missouri, whether they
had been mustered into the service of the United
States or not. That is about the history of that
matter, as I understand it. They were never sub-
jected to the command of our forces, never sub-
jected to the authority of the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army of the United States.
This bill is different. To he sure, the Senator
from Illinois argues from the body of the first sec-
tion of the bill, that although the authority may
be given to the President to move these troops
outside the State of Kentucky, yet, in point of
fact, they never will be: and he read,=5 the body of
this first section to sustain that proposition. If
the Senator will recur to the history of this bill,
I think he will see how that phraseology happened
to be employed. There is no doubt, I understand,
as a matter of fact, that this bill was drawn in the
first instance upon the idea that these troops were
to beempioyed within the State of Kentucky alone;
that they were to be employed especially as a home
guard, but when the tiiends of'the bill, J believe
when the Senator from Kentucky ascertained that
it would be objected to on that ground, that Sen-
ators and members of Congress, and the friends
of the United States, felt thatevery man who was
armed and paid by the United State's ought to move
wherever the Government of the United States
commanded him, he relinquished that proposition,
and the authority was conferred or intended to be
conferred upon the Government by way of this
proviso; and that accounts for the peculiar phrase-
ology of the section.
When the Senator from Illinois or any one elsp
appeals to mo to say if 1 believe that under the
authonty of this btll any one of these regiments
wnl ever he marched outside of the State of Ken-
tucky, 1 answer him thus: this bill gives author-
ity to the President to move these troops to Mo-
bile,^to New Oi leans, or to Chaileston, whenever
in his judgment he thinks it necessary; and if I
thought the Commander-iti-Cliief of the Army of
the United States would not, when ho deemed it
was necessaiy, uhen he deemed that the State of
Kentucky did not require the presence of these
troops any long'-r foi us defense or for its peace,
and Jie did think thai they wtic requnrd outside
of Kentucky for the P'-ice and protection of the
people of tin? U/uted State?—I say, if I thought
lie would hesitate to order these troops otusid-Mhe
State, I would never consent to put anothm man
under his command. I believe the President wd!
not hesitate one moment; that whenever the con-
tingency occurs in which ho thinks these troops
can be more serviceable to the Government of the
United States outside of the State of Kentucky
than in it, he will move them out; but so long as
the President requires the presence of ten or twenty
regiments inside of Kentucky to protect that por-
tion of the United States, I hope he will, and, as I
think ho ought to do under this bill, give to the
troops raised there the preference to stay there.
It is no injury to the service at large, and it is pre-
cisely the consideration upon which these troops
are to be raised. For that consideration the State
of Kentucky offers this equivalent; it is said they
are willing to relinquish all claim to the bounty,
which, if twenty regiments are raised, I believe
will be about two million dollars. Jt amounts
to $100,000 a regiment; and I think it is an ample
equivalent.
Mr. DAVIS. _ I hope that the bill will be re-
committed that it may be remodeled, and every
proper objection removed by remodeling the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on recommitting the
bill to the Committee 011 Military Affairs and the
Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
OEXERATj BANKRUPT LAW.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill No.
324, to provide for thcrelief of honest but unfortu-
nate debtors, and the distribution of their property
among their creditors, by the establishment of a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States, is now befoie the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole; the pending question being
on the amendment of the Senator from W isconsin,
[Mr. Doolittle,] in section five, line forty-three,
after the wot d " bankrupt," to insert the words,
u real and personal, liable to sale on execution or
other final process issued out of the district or
circuit couitsof the United States;" So that the
clause will read:
The mandate shall be directed, and the pioperty of the
bankiupt, real and pris-onal, liable to b.ile on execution or
other final pioce-s h-ui'd out of th<; di-irn-t 01 cncuit
j] com t^ of the Umtfd State*, shall thereupon ho taken for
11 <lL-4nlmuon m the same manner, and similar pioceedings
shall be had and taken as 111 the ca^e ot the petition hy a
] debtor tor hi-s di^chaige.
! Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was suggested by my
j friend fiom New York, [Mr. Harris,] that per-
il haps that amendment ought to be extended so as
j: to cover all piopeity which might be reached by
ij creditors'bill. Theieisno purpose m this amend-
|| ment to prevent all the property which ia liable to
;j execution from being reached by proceedings in
I, bankruptcy. The whole purpose of the amend-
j ment is, where the proceedings against the debtor
;j are compulsory, where you undertake to compel
| him to part with his property to pay his debts,
j' that your bankrupt proceedings shall cover just
! what a judgment and execution do. I trust the
! bill wilS cover that, and not go any further.
_ Mr. HALE. I will ask if the amendment is
i limited to those cases where they are compelled
1 to h;o into bankruptcy r
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; the amendment
; refers only to the compulsory section,
I Mr. COWAN. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
:' Mr. HALE. I hope not.
'j The moiion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the amendment of the
, Senator from Wisconsin be again read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HALE. Th ere is hardly enough of the
■ section read to show whether, as I suppose, it
applies only to the compulsory part. If it applies
■ to that, 1 have no objection, brcnuse I intend at
some tune, if this bill is insisted upon, to move
to strike out ail that part of the bill which gives
1 a compulsory remedy. I ha\e not examined the
subject, and do not know the fact, but 1 am told
that the result of the compulsory part of the bank-
rapt law in England is such that it affords not a
penny a pound to the creditors: the whole idea
is contemptible. I think it would p^y less than
that in thi 5 country. I f there is any thing v. anted
now, it is a bin' of leiief for the insolvent debtois.
It is an insolvent lull that is w;mt 'd. If tins
amendment applies to tli.it, I do not care whether
it is put in or out; but I shall vote to strike it all
out.
; Mr. DOOLITTLE Before a vote is taken upon
the amendment, I deMre to have it cover not only
the real and personal property which is liable to
