192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
his remarks will move to take op the bankrupt
bill, continuing that as the regular business after
the morning* hour. With that understanding I
certainly yield to the honorable Senator, in order
that he may make his remarks upon the bill men-
tioned by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objeo :
tion to the arrangement of the other bill coming \
up in that way, but I think we should act upon j
that hill for the discharge of political prisoners.
I think the condition ofthe country requires that ,
should act upon it. It has lain along for a
good whifo, and i have not^jggmbled the Senate
I>v pressing it; but when thaa bill shall come up '
again, i shall insist, as far as I can, that the Sen- j
ate take action upon it. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
is, will the Senate assign the bill (H. R. No. 342) j
to provide for the discharge of State prisoners, ;
&c., for the special consideration of the Senate for ,
to-morrow atone o'clock, making it the special :
order? j
The motion was agreed to. \
EXEOCTIVS SESSION. I
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the Senate pro- ;
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time sppnt therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 5, 1863.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James Mitchell, of Indiana.
The Journal of Tuesday, the 23d ultimo, was
read and approved.
MILITARY ACADEMY ItEVOKT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
of the Secretary of War in answer to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of December 23,
transmitting a copy of the report of the visitors
to the Military Academy in June last; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
COAST SCltVBY ItKPOIlT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department
transmitting the annual report of the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
ANNULMENT or INDIAN TREATIES.
The SPEAKER stated the fi ist business in
order to be uii the passage ot House hill No. 582,
to annul find abrogate all treaties between the
United States and certain bands of Sioux Indians;
on winch tiie yeas and nays had been ordered,
nhd on which no quorum voted when the House
was last m session.
Mr, S. 0. FESSENDEN. Mr. Speaker, F am
nor prepared to vote for the bill now before the
House for us consideration; not because 1 do not
concur with she honorable gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. VVi.vpom] that there has been oim of the
most tembfentid destructive Indian outbreaksever
known on this continent, for which these guilty
tr/bes should be held strictly accountable and be
viwi'ed With the penalty of the violated buvs; not
because I do not concur with him that every treaty
stipulation on their part has been violated; nor be-
cause I am not in favor of having the Government
take immediate steps for indemnifying those who
have suffered from these depredations.
But the questions which suggest themselves to
me are: is itexpedientto takoYhis trust fund and
appropt late it at this time in the mannit pi oposcd ?
and is the object which this bill has in view suf-
ficiently comprehensive to meet the exigencies of
the case The United States hold in trust for
these Indians an aggregate sum of $3,301,000, on
which they-receive interest at the rate of live per
cent, peranum)!. It is proposed to appropriate
fhe sum of fr],500,000 from the Tieasury of the
United States?, out of any money not otherwise
approprj.Ued, for the purpose of indemnify in? per-
sons who ha\e suffered damages ftom the depre-
dations committed by these Indians; the said sum,
when so taken, to be charged to and be a pro tunto
extinguishment of the trust fund of said Indians
h>dd by file United States pursuant to the treaties
of the United States with said Indians. In con-
sidering the expediency of this appropriation, it
seems to me eminently wise to search for the prox-
imate, if not for the remote, cause of this terrible
Indian outbreak. What occasioned it? The Sec-
retary of the Interior, in his report, referring to
the causes of the onslaught, says:
<{ Many of the Indians were dissatisfied with the treaties
by which they had agreed to [iart with their lands. They
complained that they had b^en deprived of their hunting
grounds and the means of subsistence. They also com-
plained of alleged frauds on the part of Indian agents and
traders, some of winch m.iy have been we!! founded, but
many were clfwbties-. groundless. These complaints were
aggravated and increased by j-n^iuiousand labe representa-
tions made by trailer- whose licenso luid been revoked,
and who weie -mailing undei tu<> deprivation of the profits
they had been accustomed to maketrom their tiaflic with
the Indians.. These causes combined had for t-oine time
tended to produce aspirit of discontentaud insubordination
in tiie Indian?.''
The report fuither says:
'• The causes ot the Indian hostilities in Minnesota have
been a subject of much dit-euss-ion. After a careful exam-
ination oi ail the data winch the Indian Bureau lias been
able to obtain, bcninm upon the causes winch produced the
immediate outbreak, I am Mitisficd that the chief cau&e is
to be found in the innnrcction ot the southern States."
I wish that the honorable Secretary had been
somewhat moi e specific on this point. I wish he
had told us why {< the Indians were dissatisfied
with the treaties by which they bed agreed to part
with their lands,'"' and whether they had any
ground forthc complaint " that they had been de-
prived of the means of subsistence." And since
he has told us that '• they complained of alleged
frauds on the part of Indian agents and traders,
i some of which may have been well founded, but
many were doubtless groundless," I wish that, if
possible, he had told us, likewise, what, in his
judgment, were some of the many frauds which
were groundless, and some, at least, of the frauds
which weie well founded, and of which they had
reason to complain; and fmther, whether at the
doors of Indian agents and traders alone these
fi auds were to be laid down as something for which
they are responsible, or whether some of them
could not be traced to this Government, and for
which it ought to be and will he held accountable
by a tiibunal which holds the scales of justice with
an even balance. Let me read an extract from a
statement made by the Bishop of Minnesota—
Bishop Whipple—which will go to show in part
the proximate cause of that massacre which has
carried sorrow and death into the many families
that were overtaken by it. And, I take it, there is
no question as to the tiuthfulness of this state-
ment:
'  Four year* ago the Sioux ^nld the Government about
eight bundled thou-aud aeiys of land, beau; a patt ot then
reseivatioti. The plea tot tl.is ^ah: \va- the need oi more
fund- to aid th< m m civile irion. Tin? ttouy piovided that
the ehu'itj s-liould return home and hold an open council to
decide what should br don.• with the money. Tlneeofthc 1
principal duels—tin - om> most deceiving of eiedit—afiegc ,
I that they were not pte-,ent at <uch eouncil, and did not know ]
! that it had been held Ot ,^9o.0.)0 due to the Lower Sioux !
. they have never ieceived a cent. I
I '-'AM has been ub>orb 'd in eUim^ exccpt .$^80 58. which \
< !•? to then credit on the book*.in Wn-hiii'jton. Ot the por- !
I Uon bclon^imrtothc Uppoi Sioux, CO \\a- nl-o taken '
j tor claim?-. OI the l.tr^e balance due tiie Upper Sioux, n^i- '
i ther the assent nor the Indians knew when or how it was •
[ to be paid. For two jrcais tiie fiid'an-- have demanded to j
j know what has become ot theii money, and a<r.nn and a^ain i
! tln-j have ttneatened revenue unless they weie ^itlsiiej}, {
j aEai ly this la>t *pi mg the trade is in form od the Indians that ,
j the next payment would only be half of tiie usual amount, j
\ because the Indian debts had been paid at Washington. 1
j They weie m some instances letused ciedit on this account, i
| ft eauserfdeep and wide-spread discontent. The agent was 1
j alai med. and a-* early as May he wmte to me that this new
, iraud mu-t briny; a ltatw>to! soriow. saving. * God only '
[ knows what will bo the result/ In June, at the time iixed !
j by pa-t custom, they came toother lor the pavment. The ■
i agent could give no i-atisfactorv reason for the delay. There '
| wa* imne. The Indian- waned at the agencies two month*, !
! di>.^ativii*-(i. turbulent, mad, hunjrrv, and then cam" the out- I
. breau—a tale ot hoiioi-" enough to i uidlo one*.-blood. The 1
! money reached Fort Rnteely the dav attei theoutbieak. A
j p-ut or the annum had been taken foi rlann?, and at the !
i eleventh hour, as tilc wariant on the Treasury show-*, it '
I was made up fiom other iund.N to f-ave an Indian war. it j
j was too late." j
] Nmety-six thousand dollars due the Lower '
! Sioux ot which they had not received one cent! i
I Eighty-eight thousand three hundred and fifty-
one dollars and sixty two cents taken for claims, i
[ of the portion belonging to the Upper Sioux, and
the balance lemaimng unpaid ! When the day
for the payment of these Indians arrived, the agent !
had no funds to pay them, and could give no'sat- •
: isfactory reason for liip delay. By fraud some- j
i where, these Indians have had money withheld i
| from them which was justly their due. Was it j
I by the frauds of Indian agents and traders alone, I.
or had Hole-in-the-Day reason for saying to Com-
missioner Dole, " the Government has swindled
l my people out of their due for years?"
I do not think the causes of the Indian hostili-
ties in Minnesota need have been a subject ot
much discussion,as though they were hard to be
ascertained, i am of the opinion that a slight
examination even of a portion of the data which
the Indian Bureau might have obtained within its
own archives would satisfy the country that the
proximate if not the chief cause of this outbreak
is to be found, not in the* insurrection of the
southern States, but in the fact that the Govern-
ment withheld from the Indians the money which
by treaty it was bound to pay at the time and
place of agreement; while at the same time it per-
mitted this money to be absorbed and consumed
by claims of Indian agents and traders, and claims
of Government, thus annihilating the funds which
jj t.iey hoped to realize from the sale of a part of
jj their reservation. It was no just cause for these
ii hostilities, we ail admit. We maintain, and justly
ij so, thi.t nothing which this Govermnenthas done,
il or has failed to do, can for a moment be urged in
J justification of such bloody and baruarous steps
i' as were tdken by these Indians.
| But here is the proximate cause. And now it
'i is proposed to appropriate a portion of their trust
fund for the relief of the sufferers. True, by the
terms of the treaty we have a right to do this—
that is to say, if this Government was not the first
to be guilty of an infraction of the treaty. Butis
this expedient at this time, and under existing
circumstances.
At this time, when these Indians are smarting
i under that consciousness of injury which mad-
i dened iheni for these murderous deeds, and before
I any judicial examination has been instituted by
; which the facts can be ascertained and some ap«
, proximation made as to the measure of^uilt which
' belongs to each tribe, is it expedient to bring to
: bear the penalty upon every tnb,e alike by tians-
fening the payment of this funtl from these In-
dians—who have, it may be, forfeited all claims to
it—to the sufferers ft om their depredations r 1 ask
this question, not with reference to the welfare of
these Indians, but with reference to the welfare of
those to whom this bill would alfoid u-lief—who
have suffered already beyond expression, and who
must suffer still more if there isanother outbreak
of these savages.
The measures proposed by this biii will deprive
them of that fund, or a largo portion of it, on which
they are greatly dependent for their nnvtris of sup-
port; it will turn them adrift to do for themselves
as they best can, with the hand of every white man
against them, ami their scalp!ng-kmves against
every white man. There is reason to fear that
this will be the result. Let it be remembered that
" these Indians have it in their power to break up
all the white settlements and depopulate an ex-
tensive region of country, unless a large military
foice shall be kept there." And it is just now
problematical whether this Government can send
at once a military force sufficiently Jaige and ef-
fective to cope successfully with the Sioux Indians,
connected as they are with kind rid tribes, extend-
ingfrom the Mississipm liver,and borderingupon
the British possessions to the Rocky mountains,
j The various tribes united can bring into the field
| ten thousand warriors. They are supplied with
| arms and ammunition to a considerable extent.
] They have it in their power to inflict ut/on the
! white settlements throughout that whole region
j great injury. Their pioximity to the British pos-
I sessions would enable them to escape pursuit by
| crossing the line, where oui troops could not foi-
| low them. Let it not be said that 1 am opposed
| to granting these sufferers immediate relief. By
I no manner of means is tips the case. But my point
| is that, under existing circumstances, then* is
j reason to fear that the m^asuie proposed will not
; sivr ihom the relief which they havt tiie mjhtto
j demand, but, on the other hand, thai it will uug-
; nvnt their difficulties, and the more expose and
| subject them to Indian hostilities.
i But is the object which this bill has in view
] sufficiently compiehensive <o m< < i the exigencies
j of the case? Tins bill provider tor mdeminlying
j the sufferers by reason < f these depredations. It
j is for their relief. Can there be any such leltef
| afforded as the exurtncics of the case demand
| which does not include then- protection, and the
i protection of all the citizens of Minnesota from
