1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
incorporate a national academy of sciences.
REPORT OF A COMMITTER.
Mr.POMEROY,from the Committeeon Claims,
♦o whom was referred the bill (S. No. 517) mak-
ing a reappropriation of money to pay for work
done in the west wing of the PatentOfHce building,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. No. 84) for the
relief of the State of Wisconsin, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
HOUSE -BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A joint resolution (No. 135) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to release certain penalties
—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 763) to build a wagon road for the
use of the Military Academy from "West Point,
in the county of Orange, State of New Yoik, to
Cornwall Landing in said county—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
WAYS AND MEANS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 659) to provide ways
and means to support the Government, disagreed
toby the HouseofRepresentatives,and theamend-
ments of the House to other amendments of the
Senate to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. PESSENDEN it was
Reioh-ed, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the bill (Fl. R. No, 639) to provide ways and means to sup
port the Government, and disagree to" the amendments of
{tie llou^e of Repteicntaiivos to certain other amendments
of the Senate to the paid bill, and that it agiee to tin; con-
ference a* kcd by the House of Representatives on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed b> the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fessenden, Mr. Sherman, and Mr. Hicks the
committee.
CONDITIONS OF RELKASK OF STATE PRISONERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The business
regularly m oider is the hill (S. No. 359) remod-
eling the courts of the District of Columbia.
Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend the bill
under consideration for a few minutes in order to
take up a resolution.
Mr. CLARK and Mr. FESSENDKN. What
is the resolution ?
Mr. POWELL. A resolution relative to print-
ing the lettet of the Secretary of War to which 1
alluded this morning. I wish to make a statement
in regard to it.
M r. TRUM BULL. If that resolution is to give
rise to discussion,! hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. POWELL. 1 desire to make a statement
not exceeding five or ten minutes upon it. I have
been trying to get the floor at least a dozen times.
That is the object I have in taking it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may call foitb a re-
ply. I should like to have the bill of which the
Senator from New York has charge taken up.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think it will call forth
any reply. I will say that I merely wish to set
four gentlemen right at their request, two of whom
are constituents of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 hope we shall proceed with
the regular order.
Mr. POWELL. 1 hope I may be allowed this
privilege. 1 have asked it several times.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not only
the piivilcge but the right of a member to inter-
pose a motion to postpone the pending question
and all prior orders, and it is for the Senate to
decide on that motion.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware of that; but I hope
the Senate will allow me the privilege ©f being
heard some ten minutes on this resolution.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
one thousand extra coptcs of the letters of Hon. Edwin M.
Stanton, Secretary of War, and L. C. Turner, judge advo-
cate, communicated to the Senate January f>, 1663, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 22d of December,
1862, asking information in relation to citizens arrested by
the authority of the Secretary of War, and the conditions
of their lelease.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, in answer to
a resolution passed on the 22d of December, 1862,
which I had the honor to introduce,asking inform-
ation in relation to citizens arrested by authority
of the Secretary of War, and the conditions of
their discharge, on the 5th of January, 1863, there
were laid upon our tables letters of the Secretary
of War and the judge advocate. I will hand the
two letters to the reporter, to be inserted in the
remarks that 1 shall make. 1 shall not trouble
the Senate now to read them.
[The letters are as follows:
War Department,
Washington* City, December 23, 1862.
Sir : In answer to the resolution of the Senate of yester-
day's date, requiring me to inform the Senate " it citizens
arrested bv his authority, or by those acting under his au-
thority, have been required, before they could obtain their
release fiom imprisonment, to take an oath or give an obli-
gation thai they would not sue or bring an action for dam-
ages against tho e who had arrested, or caused them to be
arretted," I have the honor to state that no citizen has, with
my knowledge or by my authority, been required to take an
oath o  give an obligation that they would not sue or bring
an action for damages against those who arrested or caused
them to be arrested. i3y oider of this Department, arrests
and releases are committed to the supervision and direction
of Major Turner, judge advocate; and the resolution of the
Senate having been referred to him, his report upon the sub-
ject is herewith subjoined. When information of the eases
mentioned in his report reached me, directions were imme-
diately given to make no such icquirement in any case or
under any circumstances. With the exceptions mentioned
by the judge advocate, I have no knowledge, information,
or belief, that any poisons arrested bv order or authority of
this Department have been released upon any term or con-
ditions but of taking the oath of allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, or upon parole, or uncondition-
ally.
1 have the honor to be your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Hon. H. IIammn, President of the Senate.
War Department,
Washington City, Judge Advocate's Office,
December 23, 1862.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt from
you of a resolution of the Senate of the United States, of
Which the following la a copy :
1m the Senate of the United States,
December 22,18G2.
Resolved^ That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate if any citizens, arrested by his authority,
or bj tho->e acting muter his authority, have been required,
before they could obtain their release from imprisonment,
to take an path or give an obligation that they would not
sue or bring an action for damages against those who had
arreted or caused them to be airested.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY,
Sec)cla)y.
And, as judge advocate, acting under your authoiity, 1
respectfully report that no oilmen or citizens have been re-
quired by me to take an oath or give an obligation, before
they could obtain their release from imprisonment,that
they would not sue or bring an action for damages against
thos? who had arretted or caused them to be arrested."
There were four citizens impiisoned in the old Capitol
prison, but not by any order or warrant fiom titjb. office,
charged uiih uttering and publishing treasonable and dis-
loyal sentiments ami discounting enlistments, who. before
their discharge, and at their own request and solicitation,
without any suggestion from me, severally made oath,
among other things, that he would not, at any future time,
commence or cause any action or suit againt the officers of
any io\al State, or of the United States, for causing liu ar-
rest and imprisonment.
The facts and cnoumstanccs ate as follows :
The foui persons above alluded to are Messrs. D. A. Ma-
hony,John II. Mulkey, D. Shcwurd, and Andrew D. Duff,
and the oath wiw bwotu to November U, 1SCD Previous
thereto they had been before me, at my office, for personal
examination and the investigation ot the charges against
them, and on these occasions they had refined to take the
oath of allegiance unconditionally, and to support the Gov-
ernment iti its ctTofts to ciutb the rebellion. By reason
thereof they were not discharged, while otheis weredis-
chaigcd, who tool; the oatn of allegiance, unconditionally.
About the 9th or 10th ot November la->t I was informed
by the friends of the said prisoneis that they were willing
to take the oath of allegiance unconditionally, and I im-
mediately requested the superintendent of the old Capitol
prison to bring them to my office. This, I think, was the
s evening of the SHb of November, and they were to be bi ought
I to my office the next day.
The next morning I received a letter from the United
States marshal of Illinois, advising rae that certain persons,
who had been discbaiged and upon heavy bonds, condi-
tioned for loyalty and good citizenship, were commencing
criminal and civil proceedings against the pei sons who were
in anvvvise connected officially m that State m makmgthe
charges and arrests ; thereby hmdeimg and deterring public
ofnceis from executing the laws and orders of the Govern-
ment. Upon the leceiptof this letter, I informed the su-
perintendent of the old Capitol prison and Judge Mason,
(the counsel or friend of the prisoners,) that, inasmuch as* :
the said four persons were from the same section of coun-
try as those who were instituting suits to harass and intimi-
date public officers, and were also their associates in the old
Capitol prison, I must postpone their discharge till further
consideration.
This determination to defer the release, temporarily, wa*
communicated to the four prisoners, as I inler, by Judge
Mason or the superintendent, because the afternoon of the
same day the said prisoners, sent word to me by the super-
intendent that they were not only willing to take the oath
of allegiance unconditionally, but also desired to make oath
that they Gould not annoy and harass public officers by vex-
atious suits, as Mehaffy and O'Dell had done,
I accordingly drafted the form of an oath, as suggested by
them, and sent it by the superintendent for their consider-
ation. The next day (November 11) the four persons came
to my office and said the oath was according to their sug-
gestion and -met their approbation, and they severally sub-
scribed and swore to it before me*
1 report, therefore, that the oath of allegiance, with the
claxisc not to commence $uit$> was inserted at their express
request and solicitation to have it inserted, and without any
request or suggestion from me.
This is the only oath with such a clause inserted that I
ever administered, and this was done at the request of those
making the oath.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, L. C. TURNER,
Judge Advocate*
Hon. Edwim M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Copy of Oath as administered.
of , do solemnly swear that I will
support, protect, and defend the Constitution and Govern-
ment of the United States against all enemies, whether do-
mestic or fo eign,and that I will bear true faith, allegiance,
and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution, or law
of any State convention or "Legislature to the contrarynot-
withstanding; and further, that 1 do this with a full de-
termination, pledge, and purpose, without any mental res-
et vation or evasion whatsoever; and further, that I will
neither enter any of the States now in insurrection against
the authority of the Federal Government, nor hold any cor-
respondence whatever with them or with any person in
them during the present rebellion, without permission of
the Secretary of War; and that I will in all things deport
myself as a good and loyal citizen of the United States;
and that t will not at any futuie time commence or cause
any action or suil against the officer* of any loyal State or
of the United States for causing my arrester imprisonment.
So help me God.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 11th dav of No-
vember, 126-2. C. TURNER,
Judge Advocate.]
The judge advocate, in reply to the resolution,
states that these citizens were released upon hav-
ing taken an oath that they would not bring suits
against the persona who had caused them to be
arrested; but that they voluntarily desired to take
tins oath. 1 will read that clause of his report:
"The four persons above alluded to are Messrs. D. A.
Mahony, John II. Mulkcy, D. Sheward. tuid Andrew D.
Duff, and the oath was sworn to November ll, 1862."
He states in this letter that these persons desired
themselves to take this oath. He further states
that after the persons had been before him to be
examined he determined temporarily to defer their
release, and communicated that fact to Judge Ma-
son;
" I accordingly drafted the form of an oath, as suggested
by them, and sent it by the superintendent for their eonsid-
eiation. The next day (November 11) the four persons
came to my office and said the oath was nccoidmg to their
sucgestion and met their approbation, and they severally
subscribed and swore to it betore me."
That was a most singular state of case. I
doubted very much, from the character 1 had heard
of these gentlemen, whether they had voluntarily
submitted to take such an oath. Some of the
friends of one of these gentlemen, who had some
knowledge of the manner of their release, told me
that they thought the letter of the judge advocate
did not contain the truth. That, 6f course, placed
these gentlemen in a very unenviable position. In
order that full justice might be done them, as this
communication had been in response to a resolu-
tion that I had offered, 1 inclosed a copy of this
report to each one of these four gentlemen. Each
one has replied to me by letter. Each of them
states that the report is false, wickedly false,and
they have desired me to give their responses as
much publicity as the report has had. 1 will,
therefore, hand to the reporter the letter of Mr.
Mahony to be incorporated in my remarks. I
will also hand the response of Mr. Sheward, the
responses of Judge Duff,of Illinois,and Mr. Mul-
key. I will also hand to the reporter a very short
statement made in the Capitol prison at the time
of their release by four gentlemen, Thomas T.
Ellis, Thomas T. Edgerton,and John J.Moran,
and the statement of Mr. Ellis sworn to on the
same subject.
[The communications are as follows:
Dubuque, Iowa, January 10, 1863.
Dear Sir • I have just received from you two copies of
ft report mad" to the Senate by the Secretary of War, ira
