1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
February 20,
reply to <t resolution of that body inquiring whether any
i-uizpnt- arrested by his authority were obliged to take an
oath, as a condition of their release. that they would not
provedute any State or Federal officer who had caused their
m rest and imprisonment. Tlie report, as made by Judge
Advocate Turner, is a seiics of falsehoods from the begin-
ning to the end, and the statement of Mr. Stanton is not
quite ftee from the same feature.
Mr. Stanton says m his statement that,<l by order of tins
(the War) Department, arrests and releases are committed
to the supervision and direction ot Major Turner, judge
advocate," yet you will perceive by Judge Tuner's report
that he alleges." there were four persons impusonod in the
old Capitol prison, but not by any order or warrant from
this office meaning, of course, the office of the judge ad-
vocate.
Yon will find, also, by reference to a certain order of the
War Department, issued sometime in September, that a
military commission w<is instituted for the trial of the so-
called prisoners of State; and it will be found, if investi-
gated, that Judge Turner disclaimed thenceforth to have
any jurisdiction in the case* of those prisoners, and that he
declined to give them a heaiitic until the voice of the peo-
ple, as it spoke at the Octob«M elections, condemned the
course of the Administration towards those victims of its
tyranny. Had it not been foi this popular condemnation
of its covir.se, it was the design, which would have been
earned into effect, of the Secietary of War and of Judge
Advocate Turner, acting as the mere tool of the Secretaiy
and of his Assistant, Watson, to have tried the prisoners of
State b_. this mihtaiy commission. Tins statement, ifde
med by either the Seciciary of War or by Judge Turner,
can be proved hy the testunoii) of William P. Wood, Esq.,
superintendent of the old Capitol pn-on ; by Hon Chailes
Mason, formeily Commissioner ot the Patent Office, who
is now In Washington city. and who was acting as coun-
sel (or another prison' r and for me during my incarceration
in the old Capitol. Hence I pronounce the statement cf
the Secretary of War false in that respect in which it al-
leges that '• arrests and release* were committed to the su-
pervision and direction ot Major Turner'5 exclusively, as.
lie would have the Senate infer.
Neither is it true, as the Secretary would have the Sen-
ate believe, that no other oath than that of allegiance to the
Government was administered or proposed to be adinin-
isteied to any other prisoners than the four alluded to in
Judge Turner^ repoit. An oath, or form of oath, had been
prepared cither at (he War Department, or m the office of
Judge Advocate Tinner, and understood by the piisoners
to be by direction of the War Department, winch required
pi isoners, as a condition of then release, to s wem that ihej
would support the Administration ot Abraham Lincoln in
nil its acts ; and so objectionable was this oath to the su-
perintendent ot tin; old Capitol piison, Republican a* he
wns, that he refused to be a paity to bavin™ it imposed on
the i>u«oncis or offered to them a* a condition or means of
then leleasc; and at his .suggestion, if not by In- opposition
to it, the oath was modified to the elaboiatc oath ot allegi-
ance administered subsequently In tins re>po<-t, also, the
statement of the Secretaiy of War is false, and most likely
the Secretary knew it to be so when he made it to the Sen-
ate. So much ioi the Sccietaiy's portion of the report.
Now, with legaid to tiiat poition ot it made by Major
Turnei. judge advocate, I have to saj- that m ie>pect to me
it i* fal-c in #very particulat, ami I am pretty sme it i* mi
in nvpact to my fellow pru-oneiMes--*i•- Duff, Mulkev,
and Sheward, in eveiyoihei icspeet except in tln . that
the-e three gentlemen weie befoie hiin tor a liearingoi ex-
amination, while I w,n not. I pk ad< d. cutu.aicd, peti-
tioned m vain time and again by written communieations
to the President, to the Secretaiy of War, and to Judges
Turner and Holt lor a heart us. investigation, tual, anything
that would give me an oppoi tunity to p.ove m\ sell gudtle  
of any cume and innocent of anv offense, and receiv mg no
answer in any insiance, 1 tried the effect ol vei bat messages
tinoiigh the siijiei intendenl of the puson, with the same
effect I nevei wa*. allowed a heaiiug by Judge Turner,
neves had any interview with him until the moment of my
iclease, never bad an} other communication fiom him ex-
cept the form of oath which he falsely alleges emanated
from the prisoners.
The fact-, in relation to the oath icferred to are, that it
was pioposed by Turner, doubiless by direction of the War
Dep it tinent, and through Siipeumewient Wood to tfie pus-
ouets, as the onlv condition ol their release ; and when pro-
posed it was received by the prisoneis with an indignation
which showed thatthespuit ol Amencani.-in had notbeen
ciu-hcdoutof them by the despotism to which they bad
been subjected for mouths In my own ease 1 was only
influenced to take it bv consideration ? not so much peisonal
to tny-elf to be of service to otheis, although I had been
as*uiod by two pin-ieians that much longer confinement
would impair my health bejoud remedy for its recoveiy.
I append to this communication a copy of a paper drawn
up by piison loom mat^s of Duff, Mulkcy, Shew-
ard. and mine, which gives the lie to Judge Turner's state-
ment that the oath telenet! to was a voluntary act on our
pair, much less* ih it u emanated from ourselves. Tiie mi-
perintei'dent of til" pii-on assuied me personally, in the
mo-t unequivocal lei in-, tiiat n was the design ot those who
had me in then powei to keep me a prisoner til! the end of
the war, and that the only means bv which this puipos-e of
then* could b" changed w,i- to comply with the eonditions
embiaced in the form of oitli winch he presented from
Judge Turner. Turn* i knew from the letters pa sing be-
tween me and mv wife that my family were in distress,
th.it mv busiiie!>/« was uinied; and he knew from icpoits
made to him bv the superintendent of the prison that my
health was declining inpidl}, yet he refused to give mc a
hearing or trial; and now. to cap the climax of his tyranny
and outiage-, he add* the mtani) of lying willfully, deJib-
eiateiy, and inter,ttonaiiv in tin- rcpoi t of his to the Senate,
by whieli he tiie- to make mj fellow p>is.oneis and me to
appeai to hi the mo-t de-pieable and contemptible of men,
as uc wouid be if what in- alleges of us were ttue.
lie he-., al-o, to wh.it be -a\-, re-p-viing Judge Mason.
When Judge Ma-on inquired why Mr. Sheward and my-elf
were nut ditchuiged when othci prisoners were who had
been committed about the same time and for the same al-
leged offense. Judge Ttu nei gave as a reason that our hienda
had commenced suits against Government officers who
had caused our arrest and imprisonment, and then foie he
would neithei give u  a Iteming oi release us. J have the.
letter of Judge JJa>on, which e.ime tlnough the hands of
Turner himself, inqu it inqof Mi Shewaid and me whether it
was true lhatsuch suits had b< en commenced, and whether
it was done by our dnoetton. I'm nor lied deliberately to
Judge Mason in this respect, and he does as willfully and
deliberately in his report lo the Senate.
In every respect, therefore, thif report of Judgr Turner
is willfully, dehberitcl), maliciously, and infamously false
so far as it relates to me. and in all mateual respects it is
equally so in its relations to my ftjlluw-piisouers. Not by
my solicitation or suggestion, but b> Turner's, tyrannic de-
sign, was the oath leteired to administered, and* in place of
being taken voluntarily, as he alleges, it was done as a
means, the only one, by which our release from arbitrary
and tyrannical imprisonment could be effected.
I desire that this statement be made as public as it is in
your power to effect, both to show the falsity ol the repoits
to which it refers, the depiavity of those who have control
of the Government, and to counteract the effects winch
such icports as Turner's would have if left uncontiadicted
and unrefuted I have only to ciavc your indulgence and
that of whoever might read this statement for its harshness
of expression ; and I am sute, when all the eireumstanccs
under winch [ have made it are taken into consideration,
I will b^ not only pardoned for its apparent ludenc.ss, but
commended foi showing to the world how base and villain-
ous aie some of those who have been placed m positions
of great public tiust requiring men of honor and ability to
fill them to the inteiests of the Government and with jus-
tice to the people
i Thanking jou gratefully for enabling me,by sending me
the reports referred to, to throw some light on one of the
despotic acts of the War Department,
I am, yours truly, D. A. MAUONY.
Hon. L. W. 1'owell, United States Senate.
Furfield, Iowa, January 12, 18G3.
Dear Sir: Your favor of the 9th is at blind, together
with report of Judge Advocate Turner. I must acknowl-
edge, sir, that nothing could much more surprise me than
did thatdocument, cmanatingfroin the source it did. That
a man occupying htsposiuon should make such a repoit to
the Congress ol the United States., when he must ccrtamly
have evidence to the contrary in his own possession, is
mo-t strange, to say the least of it lie «ays in that report
thru ** previous to the taking of the oath" Messrs. Mahony,
.Mulkcy. Shewaid. and Duff " had been before me (ludtre
; Turner) for personal examination and the investigation of
! the ehaigeo against them." In the case of D. A. Mahony
i thr statement i« tmtruc. Mr. Mahony m ver had even that
j oppoiiunny of getting bevond the walls of the old Capitol
i until the (lav on winch he subscribed to that obligation
| which we were told was "the only condition oj our re-
\ leuic '' We received this picce oi infoimatmn from W.
i P. Wood, cupeiinteudent old Capitol, who presented the
! obligation to Us in the old Capitol on the afternoon of the
i 10th November, 1&6-2, in the pieacnce ot some nine or ten
! other pn soils other than I he four mentioned in Turner's
i report.
;I About the :iitli or 26th of September, 14502, Judge John
11 11 Mulkcy, of Cairo, Illinois, ])i M. L. lloss, of Tamaroa,
11 Illinois, ih Biown, of Shiloh Hill, Illinois, Capiam Corder,
j' of Illinois. John Smith, of Illinois, a gentleman by the name
I ot' Uaw ks, of Illinois, and some o'heis, who-o names I do
not remember ju-t now, and my-idf, wvie takeh before the
judge advocate, wheie a silly fnice was enacted, and four
of the gentlemen i cleaned and foiu retui ned to the old Cap-
itol, if J remembei coueetly. Yer., Di. Cleincntson, whose
name has just oecuried to me, Captain Coidei, John Smilh,
and Mr Hawks were released. At that examination, after
some silly questions weie propounded to me by Judge
Turnei, he infoi med me that the papei- m my case had not
yet been placed in his possession. Hon. Charles Mason,
who, I believe, is now in Washington city,came in before
the examination commenced for the pmpose ot asceitain-
ing, if possible, something relative to the ca<es of Mr. Ma-
hony and myselt, and was much sin prised to find me there.
He was not peiniitted to remain, howevci, dm ing the farce.
The judge report- truly, howevei, when he sajs [ icfused
to take the unconditional oath of allegiance; but he neg-
lects to state that I olfeied to take any " constitutional ol
ligation, adminiUcicd in a constitutional manna, to support
the constitutional aits of the Gocci nmciit " The gentlemen
above named will beai me out in tin- statement.
The assertion in the report ot Judge Turnei that "the
prisoners sent woid to mc (him) by tiie superintendent that
they were not only willing to take the oath ot allegiance,
unconditionally, but also desired to make oath that they
would not annoy and harass public officers bv vexatious
suits," is wholly untrue so far as myself and Mr. Mahony
are concerned; and Iain satisfied it is equally s>o in the
case of the other two gentlemen, Messrs Mulkey and Duff,
of Illinois. I never authorized the supeimtc'mb ut, or any
other man, to make such a statement to Judge 'Punier, or
any otlicial under the Administration. I think, sii, unless
W. P. Wood, tiie supeiintcndoiit, is a much woise man
than f take him to be. that he will, if the question be put
to him under oath, te-tify to the truth of what I have stated,
and thus substantiate and confirm the statement here ap-
pended.
Attached to this printed slip, the original of which is in
the possession of lion. D. A Mahony, you find the names
oi three of our fellow-prisoneis. (n addition to those gen-
tlemen, 1 will refer you to B. F. Jhown, of Frederick city,
Maryland, Edwin Homy, of New York city. Vincent R.
Jackson, of Washington city, Cot bit, of Washington
city, arid to the superintendent himself, who spent some
tune in urgin? Mr. Mahony to take the obligation reforied
to by Judge Turnei. Mr. Wood knows, also, and as a gen-
tleman will admit, that we not only tefused to take what
is teimcd iheudth of allegiance piiur to this period of our
release, but that wc refused, when tequested u> himself, to
give bondt and thus obtain our release.
The judjje advocate says, in concluding bis report:
" J report, thereto! e, that the oath of allegiance, with the
clause not to commence suits, was insetted at their express
j request ami solicitation to have it inserted."
I; Sir, in making that statement the judge advocate has
| b-en woefully imposed upon.oi iie has ufteied, knowingly,
j! that winch is fnl e in 'pint and letter; and, whether wifl-
,j fully oi ignoiantly made, it is neverthelc^ jahc so far as X
|! am concerned. And again I must call the superintendent
;; to the witness stand. He knows that! never solicited linn
to make such a statement to the judge advocate, not to any
other party He knows that I refused more than oneo to
take the oath as it was administered ; and he knows, too,
that 1 refused to do it on tins occasion icferred to, and tiiat
I only consented on the ground that the health of my fiiend
Mahony would not admit of a longer confinement without
seiiously endangering his life; and he would not take it
unless I would, and was loth to do it even then.
Again, J may be permitted to assert positively, that we
were informed by the superintendent that the taking of the
obligation referred to was the only condition of our iclease,
and that we refused to take it until utged by oui fellow-
pnsoners, they stating, as set forth in trie punted slip ac-
companying tills, that the) believed th"ie was no ho^c for
us to obtain justice or redress while impiisoued.
In conclusion, sir, I mtv be penniue<j to say, that if the
judee advocate and othei Government officials intend to
i peiveit and falsify the records m these cases of illegal and
arbitrary arrests, tlun I, for one, shall not consider the ob-
ligation thus /orce</upon me any more binding morally than
it is lcvally> knowing full well that it is of no legai force
whatever. *
Thanking you, sir, for the interest you have takenin this
matter, and for the energy, zeal, and talent manifested in
its prosecution, I am, sir, very respectfully, your friend,
D. SHEWARD.
P. S. I have no knowledge to thin day of the ehaigcs, it
theie were any, preferred against me.
Hon. L. W. Powell.
Curo, Illinois. January 14, 1863.
Dear Sir: Your favor of the 9th instant, inclosing the
repoit of Judge Advocate Turner, in leUttion to the dis-
charge of D. A. Mahoii), D. Sheward, A. D. Duff, and
myself ftom the old Capitol prison, has just come to hand.
In reply, I have to state tiiat on the 9th of November last
I D. Siieward and myself were taken betoie Judge Advocate
i Turnei,, by Wilii.un P. Wood, superintendent of the old
! Capitol prison, for the purpose, as he said, ol being dis-
j charged. On anivuigat his office, Wood and Turner with-
! diew to an adjoining loom, and I suppose had a consultation
! togeiiiei. Upon their icturn, some ten or fifteen minutes
I afteiwards, Turner mfoimed us tiiat he had, the day before
; or that nioinui£, received a Icttei or dispatch trom Illinois
j imparting itifoimation of s-uch a charactci as to"reqmrc our
| further detention, and that he regretted very much that he
( could not dischatge us as be had intended. Aftei some
i little inquiry, to no purpose, to ascertain the nature of this
i fatal dispatch, we were taken out of the august presence
I of his " royal highness" by our jailor, Mr. Wood, and re-
conducted to the old Capitol. On our return to the prison,
Mr. Wood inlormed me that the dispatch referred to by
, Turner was to tiie effect that cei tain pai ties in Illinois, who
!. had been discharged from imprisonment on similar chaiges
had commenced suits against those who had anested them,
and that, to prevent a leeuucnee of suit, of tin? kind, the
judge had determined that-he would not foi the piesentdis-
chaigc anymore piisoners. Having ahead) suffered the
inconveniences and dcgiadation of a piison life lbi ovei two
months and a half, I felt d'-pn^d to get out on any terms
short of a sacufice of honor. I there'oie suggested to Mr.
Wood that if the fear of a suit against those who had caused
my impu-otiment was the onl> thing in the way of my ic-
lease. I thought thatthat might be obviated, and that, so
fai as I was concerned, 1 was willing to eitbei execute a
release or take an oath not to prosecute them rather than
be confined any longer Mr. Wood said be wouid see
Tut net on the subject, and he thought he could cffect some
airangenient by which I could be released. On the night
of the following day, Mr. Wood came into our loom (No.
16) and infonned us that he had had a conference with the
judge advocate, and that he had detet mined to dischaige us
all if we would take the oath in question, being the same
as that set foith in his repoit. He at the same time gave
us a copy of the. oath, and requested us to consult together
and come to some conclusion on it by morning. I at once
infoimed linn, so far as I was> concerned, I would take tiie
oath. D -\. Mahony, and perhaps some otheis, peremp-
torily refused. Mi. Wood seemed deeply interested in ef-
fecting our iclea«e, and informed u< that he had done every-
thing Ih; could foi us, and that the oath he had submitted
to us was the best and only terms upon which wc could be
released. Mi. Wood addiessed him-elf particularly to Mr.
Mahony on that night, in a long conveisation, urging and
piessing upon him the importance and absolute necessity,
m view of his failing health, to accept the terms offeied by
the judge advocate. Mi. Mahony finally informed him that
he would take the m.utei under advisement and give him
an answei n '.\t moinmg. A'trr Mr. Wood left the room,
there was geneiai eonfeience and consultation between
Mahony, snewnid, Duff, myself, and the inmates gener-
ally of room No. 16, at the conclusion ot which, after tiie
most urgent importunities, Mr M.ihonv, togethci with my
other associates, Shewaid and Puft. concluded to accept
the terms. On the following morning we were all taken to
the office of Tumor, where we were collectively interro-
gated bj- him as to whether we had examined and under-
stood thenaturfioftheoath winch we were lequired to take;
and on being answered in the affirmative, he requested us to
stand upon our feet, whereupon lie administered to us the
oath, and immediately thereafter disciiaiged us. Upon this
occasion there was no tual or investigation whatever. A
month or six weeks piior to tins time, Mr. Shewaid and my-
self were taken betoie the judge advocate, as we supposed
for a tual, but on arriving theie we found, it is true, the
judge, but tiie <. leik. sheiiff, and pioseeutuig attorney were
all wanting Neithei could the ciiaig^-s oi indictment be
found }*"even the prosecuting wituess was not there J In
