1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
State of Iowa touching Mr. Mahony or Mr.
Sheward. These persons, in the papers which
3 present, refer to the names of various persons
by whom they say they can prove that this report
is not true. Judge Duff goes on to say in his let-
ter that the judge advocate, Mi. Turner, told him
that Mr. Stanton had got up this oath himself,
and that he, Turner, was perhaps adverse to it.
All I wis!) to do is to set the matter right so far
ns these gentlemen are concerned, and to give such
publicity to their denial of this report, as I caused
by the resolution 1 offered to be given to the re-
port itself. I think the matter is one that requires
investigation. I will conclude what I have to say
by notifying the Senate that to-morrow morning
1 will offer a resolution on the subject calling for 1
an investigation. If the Senate, with these facts :
before them, choose to have the matter investi-
gated, it is for them. 1 think it ought to be in-
vestigated. Here are gentlemen who are avouched
to me to be most honorable gentlemen in the States
from which they come; men of talent and posi-
tion, who state (and they present a sworn affi-
davit of one of their fellow-prisoners) that the
report made to this Senate is untrue. As I have
before stated, whether it be "so or not 1 do not
know; but it strikes me that the Senate of the
United States, if it has officials who will make re-
poits here, in response to its lesolutions, that are
untrue,"ought to have it investigated. It is for
the Senate, however, to say whether they will
have it investigated. I will to-morrow morning
offer this resolution:
RcsolveiL That a committee of three be appointed to in-
vestigate the facts in reference to the arrest, imprisonment,
and release of D. A. Mahony and D.Sliewaul,ol Iowa.and
John II. Mulkey and Andrew D. Duff, of Illinois-; and that
said committee have powej to send for persona and papeis
and examine witnesses on oath, and to administer oath? to
said witnesses.
I do not know whether the Senate will choose
to pass the resolution or not. I think it my duty
to offer it, which 1 will do at the proper time.
This is all 1 have to say, Mr. President. I do
this in obedience to the request of these gentle-
men. I think it due to them that 1 put their re-
sponses in thaofficial repoi t, which, by the speech
I have made. I have now done, i wish to say
again, that as to the issue of veracity that is clearly
made between these gentlemen and the officials of
the War Department, 1 know nothing, and can
consequently say nothing; but it looks to me very
much as if the juc'ge advocate is in a very bad
position before the country, unless he has an in-
vestigation and meets these charges.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it my duty to state
what little I know of one of these cases from Iowa.
Colonel Herron, now Genera! Herron, of Iowa,
was authorized by the Secretary of War to raise
a brigade of volunteers in the northern end of
Iowa. His headquarters for the time being wore
at Dubuque, the place of residence of this Mr.
Mahony. Mr. Mahony was the editor of a pa-
per published in Dubuque, called the Dubuque
Herald. In his editorials, and also in his ronvei-
nation in the streets with the people, he discour-
aged enlistments, and exerted himself to the ut-
most to defeat the objects which the Secretary of
War had in view in sending out General Heiron
to raise this brigade. As I have been informed,
General Heiron communicated these facts to the
Secretary of War, and in obedience to his request,
in order to enable him to succeed in the mission
on which he had been sent, Mr. Mahony was
arrested and retained in confinement until the bri-
gade was raised and was about to be sent to the
field, when he was released. The object of the
arrest was to prevent him from interfering with
and preventing the enlistment of volunteeis. This
was the whole object of the arrest. He wn« re-
tained in custody until this interference was term-
mated by the success of the mission of General
Herron, and then lie was released. He is a stran-
ger to me personally; I know nothing of his char-
acter for truth or veracity. As far as I have been
able to learn, however, a very large majority of
the people of the State whom I in part represent
justified the arrest. They think the Secretary of
War did right. The only complaint lever heard
on this subject from the people of Iowa was that
he was not retained in prison. They think he is
guilty of treason, and that he ought to have been
put on his trial. They believe he would have
teen found guilty, and ought to have been pun-
ished. Th^ir complaint of the Administration is
that it has been too lenient with this citizen of
our State, whom they deem to be a traitor and a
rebel.
As to the other case, I know Mr. Sheward per-
sonally; 1 have a very slight acquaintance with
him, but am not conversant with the facts that
preceded his arrest.
I would inquire before I take-my seat, Mr.
President, if it is usual to put in the Congressional
Globe documents of this kind. If it is not, I shall
object to the publication of papers that have not
been received by the Senate or read to the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. 1 will say to the Senator that
I consider them as read as apartof my speech;
but if there is any objection to that 1 will read
them here.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to the publication of
them in the Globe.
Mr. POWELL. 1 have a right to read them
as a part of my speech. That has been the cus-
tom.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot determine as a question of order on any
rule as to what a member shall incorporate in his
speech.
Mr. POWELL. J failed to read them because
I did not wish to take up the time of the Senate;
but I briefly stated their contents, notifying the
Senate at the time that I would consider them as
pai t of my remarks, and hand them to the reporter
to be put in the Globe; but if there is any doubt
about that I will assure the Senator from Iowa
that I can read them; but that has not been the
custom here.
Mr. HARLAN, i believe it has been custom-
ary in the other branch of Congress for members
to ask leave to print undelivered speeches, but 1
have not known of such a custom m this body.
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask no leave to print a
speech. 1 do not wiitc speeches to be printed.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Questions of
this chaiacter belong to the Senate to decide, and
cannot be raised for the Chair to decide as mere
questions of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator from Iowa
certainly 
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow
me one other word. The Senator from Iowa has
spoken of Mr. Mahony, and said that his con-
stituents thought he ought to be punished. Allow
me to say that I have been told by the Senator's
colleague that he is a man of high standing and
character. He is evidently, by. what I know of
him, a man of intelligence. He courted a trial all
the time he was in this prison. The charges upon
which he was arrested, as I am advised, were
ne\ei communicated to him. He was ready at all
times to meet his accusers, but they would not
allow him that privilege, and if Mr. Mahony was
guilty of treason, which 1 do not believe, it was
the duty of the Government to try him; not to
have arrested him, depiived him of his liberty
foi months, kept him in a loathsome dungeon,
and then turned him out without trial. He has
been at all times ready and willing to meet before
any tribunal any of the charges against him. That
much I know from his counsel in this city, Judge
Mason, and from others.
Mr. GRIMES. I have just come in; but 1 un-
• derstand the Senator from Kentucky has been re-
j ferring to me—what he stated 1 am not able to
I say—m regard to Mr. Mahony.
I Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow rne,
' I will state that I made a brief statement about
i the case of Mr. Mahony. I said that he was a
I stranger to me, that 1 had inquired of the Senator
; as to who he was, and the Senator from Iowa in-
I formed me that he was a man of talents and char-
! actor and integrity and standing.
I Mr. GRIMES. The Senator called on me to
j know who Mr. Mahony was, and I told him I had
I known him a great many years; and, so far as 1
! recollected, 1 never heard anythmgagainst his per-
! sonal character, or anything derogatory to him,
| until the breaking out of this rebellion. Heenter-
1 tains opinions that are different from my own—
i opinions that I cannot indorse, and has had the
| boldness to avow them in public; but I only spoke
| as to Lis personal character.
{ Mr. POWELL. 1 did not say a word about
Mr. Mahony's politics. Of course the Senator
did not agree with him politically.
Mr. GRIMES. That was the reputation he
bore before the breaking out of the rebellion.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator indorsed him as
a gentleman of respectability, honor, and talent.
He said nothing about Mr. Mahony politically.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not risen for the
purpose of participating in this debate further than
to soy that if I understand the remarks made by
the Senatorfrom Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] he himself
is not entirely free from blame. 1 understand him
to aver that Mahony, one of his constituents, has
been guilty of acts which amount to treason, and
to complain that the President and Secretary of
War have been too lenient in their course towards
him.
Mr. HARLAN. No,sir; I madenosuch state-
ment. 1 remarked that I had hear*' no complaints
from Iowa of the arrest of Mr. Mahony. As far
as 1 had learned the people of the State justify
the arrest. They thought itvwas right under the
circumstances that led to it, as he had been un-
derstood to be interfering with the enlistment of
troops; but they complained of his release. They
believed that he was guilty, and that he ought to
be punished. I stated this as the information that
had come to me from my own State as to their
opinions.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, great
injustice will be done by these statements going
to the country in reference to this individual, who
cannot be heard here and cannot be heard any-
where in his defense. I lay this down as a prop-
osition: ifthereisany man in America who knows
of any individual who has been guilty of treason
and does not biing him to trial, he himself is a
criminal. 1 lay down that principle without ex-
ception. If I knew of any man in this land guilty
of plotting or doing any act that amounted to
treason or a violation of the laws of the country,
I should deem it my duty to biing him to trial
befoie the courts of the country, and to punish-
ment if he was found guilty upon that trial. Gen-
tlemen cannot excuse themselves by saying that
information has come to th^m from others. You
have courts open in Iowa. If any one there knows
of Mr. Mahony, or any other citizen, being guilty
of actsdiscouragmg enlistments and the filling up
of the Army, or encouraging soldiers to desert,
or any other act that would aid the rebellion, it is
their duty to bring those persons to trial and to
punishment. You have the marshal; and he has
the selection of the jurors; the courts are open to
you; and those people have duties in that State
as they have in Illinois—as they have everywhere
else.
1 should not have alluded to this case had not
some things been said and repeated, time and
again, in reference to gentlemen who are my con-
stituents, and have been arrested. Sir, if any of
these men have been guilty of any act in violation
of law, if they have been guilty of treason, the
courts are open, arid they ought to be tried, and,
if guilty, punished.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a discussion that I did
not expect to find occupying the attention of the
Senate when I came here this evening, and one
that I had not prepared myself to embark in, and
probably should not, if it had not been for the re-
marks which I haveheard made since I came here.
When the Senator from Kentucky asked my opin-
ion privately, whafcthe repiftation of Mr. Maho-
ny was, I told him, as a private individual lie
had always sustained a good reputation; that, so
far as i knew, he had the character of a man of
truth and verifcity,and I never heard aught against
him until the occurrence of this rebellion. What
caused his arrest, who caused it, by whom he was
arrested, or by what process, I do not know. I
have never taken the trouble to inquire. He was
the editor of a leading newspaper in my State, be-
longing to one of the political parties. Whether
he was arrested for any private declarations, or
!• anything that appeared in his newspaper, I am
jj uhaGfe to say; but I hold in my hand two extracts
jj from a paper published by him, and the Senate
j can judge from them what were the opinions en-
t[ tertained by Mr. Mahony in regard to the Gov-
ji eniment, and the course of the Government in its
•! attempt to put down this rebellion. These ex-
; tracts have been copicd from the newspaper which
i ie edited by him, and Curnished to me by a friend,
j and I have no doubt they are correct. In an ar«
I tide on the 8th of August, 1661, he said, or at
|| least his newspaper said:
[' 44 It i> pretty grnmlty admitted that we no longer have
a constitutional Government at Washington. It l* true that
