1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20.
Mr. President, we had a court in this District
reorganized a few days ago, radically, and im-
proved, { think, essentially, in its features and
structure, and that was the Court of Claims. That
court was reorganized, leaving the judges to con-
tinue in office. Why was not the same mode of
proceeding adopted in relation to these corn-is?
There can he hut one answer. Because it wo8 not
the purpose of the men moving in this mutter to
permit the judges to remain in office.
The SemUorfrom Massachusetts [Mr, Sumnet.]
interposed in the midst of my remarks before the
recess,and 1 will ask his permission to putaqnes-
tion or two to him. I ask him by what tenure the
district judge of the district of Kentucky and the
associate justice performing circuit court duties in
that circuit, hold their respective offices?
Mr. SXJMNER. Under the Constitution of the
United States, I take it, and during good behavior.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; during good behavior.
The honorable Senator and myself accord per-
fectly on both points. Those judges, and all the
other associate judges of the Supreme Court, and
judges of the district courts of the United States,
hold their offices by the same tenure. They fill
constitutional offices—offices created by the Con-
stitution; and they hold by a tenure which the
Constitution itself establishes to be during good
behavior.
i assert as a proposition equally true, that the
circuit judges for the District of Columbia hold
their offices by the tenure of good behavior, and
they fill offices that were established by the Con-
stitution. The Constitution provides for a dis-
trict, not exceeding ten miles square, for the seat
of the Government of the United States, over
which Congress shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
It also provides for the admission of new States
into the Union; and when n State is admitted
after the establishment of the Constitution, and a
judicial district is established in such State, the
judge nominated and appointed for it holds his of-
fice as much by the constitutional tenure of good
behavior, and is as much an incumbent of a con-
stitutional office, as is the fact in relation to tlve
district judges of the States existing when the Con-
stitution was adopted. And why? Because the
Constitution provides for the admission of new
States into the Union, and also for the judiciary
and courts in all the States of tho Union", new and
old, by the clauses which 1 will now read;
" The judicial |K)\v<-i of tlio United States shall foe vested
in one fchiprerm; Couit and in ^ucli inferior couit« as the
Cmigrc*.*. ma\. fiom tune to time, oulairt and establish.
The judges, both of the Hupienie and infei  or court's, shall
hold their office,* during good behavior, and shall at stated
tmirs receive for thru mm vice-, a compensation,'' &c.
(i The pidicui power shall extend to all case* m law and
equity arising undn tins Constitution, the law4 of the Uni-
ted ?inte*-. and tin* Ueatic? made, or which fhall be made,
under their anthouty: to all ca^ct- affecting embassadors,
other public minister. and confUl-; to all ease- of admi
rally and tnai itune juj e-dietion ; coiitroveiM > to wine h the
United State* shall be a puitv," &c.
The next ftction i<« in these words:
u In all ea=p<? afl'fcting 'Miibas«.ador«. othei public minis-
ter!-, and con*-uJ5. and tiioj-e in which a tft;ite shall be a
Farty. the Supieine ('oui t shall have oi iginal jui wliction.
ii ail oi her eases belojc mentioned, the Supieme (Joint shall
have appellate jui wljctiou. both as to law and (act
What is the effect of these several clauses of the
Constitution? It is plainly this: that the district
court of the district of Kentucky is a court cre-
ated by the Constitution, that its judge holds his
office during good behavior, and has original jur-
isdiction of all cases in that State within the scope
of the judicial power established by the Constitu-
tion, excepting those which affect embassadors,
other public minister, and consuls, and those in
which a State shall be a party, which are given
immediately to the Supreme'Court; and that the
circuit court of the Disti ict of Columbia is also a
constitutional court, that its judged hold their of-
fices b vthc tenure of good behavior, and havejuris-
dictioniof all similar cases arising within this Dis-
trict—these two courts being both inferior courts,
ordained and established by Congress, by the ex-
press direction of the first section. In their con-
stitutional ordination, the permanent tenure of
their judges, and investiture uf jurisdiction by the
Constitution, they ai e parallels, and the one is as
independent as the other of congressional action.
Neither of these courts is analogous to thedis-
trict court of the Territory of Florida. And why r
Because the Constitution of the United States
makes no provision for the erection of any district
« of country into Territories at all. I will read from
It is not
a portion of Judge Marshall's opinion
lengthy?
Here is the part to which I particularly invite
attention;
u We have only to pursue thi* subject one step further to
pciceivc that thi-« provision of the Constitution does* not ap
ply toit. Them'vt eemencedeclaie-?tbat 'the judges, both
of'the Sup!cine and infeiior courts, shall hold their offices
dii,-mg good behavior.' The judge?of the superior courts
of Honda hold their offices for four yeais. These courts,
then, are not constitutional couits. in which the judicial
power eonferied by lue Constitution on the Geneia1 Gov-
ernment can be deposited They aru incapable of receiving
it They aie legislative courts, created in virtue of thegen-
eral right «f sovereignty which exists in the Government,
or in viHue of that clause which enables Congress to make
all needful rules and regulations re-pecting the territoiy he-
longing to the United States. The jurisdiction with which
they are invested j.« not a part of ilnw judicial potter which
]•? defined in third <n ticlc of the Constitution, but is con-
fined hy Cmigrp?j, in tiie execution of tho«e general power?
which that body po^espes over the territories of tin* United
States. Although admiralty juusdielion can be exercised
in the Stated in those courts onlv which are established in
pursuance ol the third article of the Constitution, the same
limitation doe* not extend to the Tenitoiics. In legislating
for (hem Conffie^ exerci-.es the combined powers of the Gen-
eral and of a State Government."'—American Insurance
Company vs. Canter, 1 Peters.
Now, sir, the reason upon which the opinion in
the Florida case was rendered was this: that the
Florida district court was not a constitutional
court j vested with jurisdiction by the clause of the
Constitution from which 1 have read, but was a i
court created by law, by the act of Congress; and
the act of Congress conferred the jurisdiction and
all the jurisdiction with which it was invested.
The whole reason upon which that opinion is ten-
dered is that it is stiictly a legislative court, the
jurisdiction of which is invested wholly and ex-
clusively by the act of Congress; and the Supreme
Court expressly decides that it is not that class of
couits that can be vested with any portion of the
judicial power created by the clause of the Con-
stitution fiom which I have read, because it is not
one of the courts which it expressly makes the
goneraJ repository of that power. There is no
pnnciple decided or dictum asserted in this case,
fiom which it can be inferred that Congress h.\s
power to abolish any inferior court which the
Constitution requires it to ordain and establish to
displace a judge. If it authorizes any inference
upon the point, it is the opposite. It is expressly
decided in the case that the district court of Florida
was not one of the inferior courts ordained by the
Constitution,and could not,therefore,be invested
with any portion of the judicial power established
by it, but that it was a court crcuted by Congress
in virtue of ather incidental and auxiliary power,
and by n invested with judicial power that existed
outside of and before the organization of thatestab-
hshed by section two of article three of the Con-
stitution. The case broadly discriminates between
the Florida district couit and the Kentucky dis-
tuet court, on the ground, that one is a constitu-
tional court, ordained of the Constitution, and the
other is crcated wholly by the law of Congress.
Theio is no such distinction between the Ken-
tucky district court and the circuit court for the
District of Columbia. In their constitutional char-
acter, juiisdiction, and good behavior tenure cf
their judges, they are analogous; and in both the
judges can be removed only by impeachment.
Suppose the Senator from New York was to
rcpoit a bill here repealing the acts relating to the
two distnct.s of New Yoik,and Congress should
pass the repealing law, would that remove the
judges of those two districts from their offices r
When they should contend that they were judges
of courts oidamed of the Constitution, and held
their offices respectively dining their good beha-
vior,and could only be removed by impeachment,
could that argument be refuted? The language
of the Constitution is:
" The judge4-, both of the Supreme and inferior courts,
ivhnU bold their offices dming good behavior, and shall, at
stated tune", iceeive for their services a compensation,
winch shall not be diminished duimg their continuance in
otficc.''
Does not this pi ovision establish identically the
same tenure for the judges both of the Supreme
and inferior courts r Does it not declare a common
principle in relation to thecomperisation of both,
that that of neither shall be diminished during
;! their continuance in office? But it is argued that
;j the language ''and in such inferior courts as the
!j Congress may from time to time ordain and estab-
!{ lish, authorizes it at its discretion to abolish ex-
\i isting inferior courts, and establish others in their
stead, and that when the court ccases to exist its
judges are neccssanly displaced from office. I
deny both the premise and the conclusion. It
was the plain purpose of the framers of the Con-
stitution to secure tqually the independence both
of the judges of the Supreme and inferior courts,
as evidenced by declaring the same permanent
tenure of office and a piohibuion to diminish the
compensation of both. Those wise men knew
that the cases finally decided by the inferior courts
would be greatly moie numerous, would interest
an indefinitely greater number of persons, and
would involve an infinitely larger amount, than
would be the fact, in those respects, of the cases
adjudged by the Supreme Court; and that there
would be fully as much reason and necessity for
the independence and integrity of the inferior nu-
merous courts as the one Supreme. They there-
fore environed both with the same defense. 1 deny
also that the power of Congress from time to time
I to establish inferiorcoui ts gives itany power what-
I ever over the tenure of office of the judges of the
i courts. First, the Constitution does not so de-
j clare it, and if that had been the intention of the
j members of the Convention, the tenure of their
j officc would have been 44 during good behavior
| and the continuance of their courts." Secondly,
i the amotion of the judges of existing courts is not
j necessary to enable Congress to establish other
j courts, or to modify and improve the structure
of existing ones. Thirdly, an express provision
of so much importance as that, -which declares
the tenure of the judges of all inferior courts to
be during good .behavior, was not intended to be,
and cannot be, nullified by the power ofCongresa
from time to time to create inferior courts. Such
an effect would, to a most mischievous extent,
break down the great partition of the Government
into distinct depaitmeuts, and the independence
and integrity of the judiciary, by bringing it into
the arena of politics, and clothing a succession of
political hacks with the ermine of the judge, ac-
cording to the rise and fall of parties.
The principles of a free, limited, popular Gov-
ernment are harmoniously and wisely organized
in our Constitution. The rights and liberties of
the people are guarantied, and the powers of the
legislative and executive departments are limited
by plain provisions. But it is the law of power,
and especially of legislative and executive power,
to break over its boundaries. In every Govern-
ment that is or that can continue to be free, there
must be a counter authority to restrain them; and
the experience of the world has settled that this
authority is best embodied m an independent ju-
diciary. That is the theory of our Constitution.
The oath to support it, taken by our Presidents
and Congressmen, is utterly disregarded amidst
their many temptations to trample down consti-
tutional restrictions; and the power of the courts
to declare null and void their acts transcending its
provisions in times of high party excitement is the
only check upon them. This check is generally
offensive to those whom it is intended to lestutin,
and often provokes their hostility; butits faithful
and fearless application is essential to secure the
fruits of good government. This is the anchorage
of our Government, and without ability and inde-
pendence in our courts it cannot have practically
stability or freedom. They bring it home to the
business, interests, and pei sons of the people, and
protect them from usurpation and oppression.
Without an enlightened and independent judi-
ciary, Government would be but a burden and a
mockery for the masses, a device to secure to the
governors riches and power# They who would
strike it down in our country are the worst en-
emies of the people, and should be visited with
their decoying wrath. This bill is the first as-
sault upon the judiciary, and its immediate pur-
pose is twofold: first, m execution of the infa-
mous party slogan, "to the victors belong the
spoils," although heretofore the judicial ermine
has not been dragged down to that degradation.
, But the second object is deemed by the party to
be of more importance; it is to substitute the pres-
ent impracticable incumbents with supple tools
who will carry the abolition dogmas into tke
courts of the District. How humiliating that the
majority of the two Houses of Congress, most
of whom are members of the legal profession, and
many having filled high judicial positions, should
give themselves up to such awoik! But your
day of retribution will surely come, and it \yiil
