198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Such is not its character. The title of it says that
it is an act to prevent and punish frauds, and there
is no penalty provided in any of its provisions for
the punishment of any fraud that may be perpe-
trated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Iowa does not mean to misstate the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr.TRUMBULL. "And any officer convicted
of falsely and corruptly swearing to such affidavit
shall be subject to ail the pains and penalties now
by law inflicted for willful and corrupt perjury."
TThat is part of the law.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think I understand this law
tolerably well, quite as well, perhaps, as the Sena-
tor from Illinois. Its title should read, "An act
to establish a Bureau of Returns." That is what
it provides for. It requires that the Secretary of
War and his subordinate officers, the Secretary
of the Navy and his bureau officers, the Secretary
of the Interior and his bureau officers, shall make
returns to a certain bureau established by the
provisions of this law, and if they shall make false
returns, IT they shall file false contracts, then they
shall be guilty of perjury-, but there is no pro-
vision here which declares that there shall be any
penalty inflicted on any man who executes a false
contract with a third party. If a man executes
an improper or fraudulent contract for beef or for
arms or for ships or for transportation, there is
nothing in any of the provisionsof this law which
punishes him for it; but simply if he files a false
writing, ever so honestoriginal!y,-this makes him
liable for that, and for that alone.
Now, in regard to the law itself, in time of peace
I presume it could be executed. I do not behove,
although I am not very familiar with the Army
organization, that it can be executed, <?o far as the
Army is concerned, in time of war. The bill ori-
ginally came from the Judiciary Committee. They
were not familiar with the oigamzation of either
the Army or the Navy Department, if they had
been,theycertainly would not haveapplied its pio-
visions to the Navy Department; because under
the laws as they now exist the same thing is ic-
quired of them to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That shows it can be ex-
ecuted, then.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. The same thing,
substantially, isrequnvd of the Navy Department
to-day. There is not a contract nor a bid made
to that Department for the supply of any sort of
material, that is not published annually, attached
to the Secretary's report. It is published in a tab-
ular form; but this b'll requires, whenevei it shall
be executed, that each one of these contracts shall
be published and set out in the words in which it
is written.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not published.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, it is to be written down
and subject to the inspection of any man who
chooses to inspect it; and whenever we have got
them thus written down under that law they will
be published. There was no objection that came
from that Department to the bill. They simply
applied for the creation of an additional number
of clerks—I think they said they wanted eight or
ten—in order to cairy it into execution. The
question was then presented to the Committee on
Naval Affairs at the last session, whether we
should recommend a change or modification of the
law, or whether we should reeomrmnd an appro-
priation of some fifteen or twenty thousand dol-
lars for additional clerks. Wc concluded, inas-
much as substantially the same thing was already
required of that Department, and was annually
published in the executive reports, that we would
recommend that the law, so far as the Navy De-
partment was concerned, should be suspended.
As to the Army Department, the Senator fiom
Massachusetts and the gentlemen who are asso-
ciated with him can answer for themselves; but
I repeat that everything that is required of the
Navy Department by tins act is substantially re-
quired by the laws as they now stand, and the
only effect of retaining this act upon the statute-
book and attempting to enforce it, will be the crea-
tion of eight or ten additional ciei ks, at an expense
of fifteen or twenty thousand dollars. Nobody
at that Department, as I understand it, objects to
the enforcement of the. law; but if you do con-
tinue it on the statute-book, they ask an appro-
priation for an additional number of clerks, so that
they can carry it into execution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to indefinitely
postpone the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not think it is necessary to conclude,
because the War Department or a portion of the
War Department are opposed to this law or wish
it suspended, that therefore they desire to cheat
the Government, and have greater facilities for
frauds. The difficulty is that we go on legisla-
ting here without understanding the effect of these
laws. Now, how does it stand at the present mo-
ment? We passed two laws in the last Congress,
one requiring every contract to be in Writing, and
filed with the Secretary of the Interior, and an-
other—passed at the suggestion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and which he himself supposes must
be modified—requiring that every return made
by an officer of the expenditure of money, instead
of being made to the War Department, shall be
made directly to the Treasury. What is the re-
sult of both acts? That the officers at the head
of the buieausin the War Department, the Quar-
termaster General, and the Commissary General,
in order to find out what contracts arc made, must
go to the Interior Department; and then, to find
out how the money has been expended, they must
go to the Treasury Department, and nothing
comes to them. Gentlemen can see at a single
glance that the thing is almostimpracticable, and
exceedingly unreasonable.
Then, again, with reference to the fact of mak-
ing these contracts; there aie thousands of con-
tracts made over the country every day,and some
of those contracts must be made upon the instant,
at oncc. You £ct up, for instance, a great expe-
dition, and a call is made upon the Quartermaster
General for transportation, and it must be done at
once. A movement of the Army is to take place,
and he must provide the means as he can. Be-
fore he can get it legally, or do anything about it,
everything must be reduced to writing, must be
attached together by a iibbon, and they must be
sent to the Interior Department. Every one will
see that with the enormous quantity of contracts
that are made every day in those departments—
the commissary department and the quartermas-
ter's department—it is next to impossible to carry
out the provisions of this law according to our
present operations. It might be done in time of
peace where there is no immediate hurry, where
you can foresee what yon want for the Army from
the beginning to the end of the year; you can ad-
vertise as they do in the Navy Department; you
can -make your contracts; you can file them, if
you like, and have your returns made where you
please, and the officers may travel to the different
Dfpat tmeuts, in the first place,to find the contract,
and then to find how the money has been expended
in then-own Department,go to one Dopartmentfor
one thing, and to another for another. Any gen-
tleman, it strikes me, must perceive that in the
present existing state of affairs it is next to im-
possible to do it without most serious embarrass-
ment. and that is simply the suggestion that is
made by these officers.
I do notthmk u is a sufficient answer to all these
difficulties at the present time to say that Congress
has passed a irood law, and if we are not going to
prevent frauds we may as well give up all legisla-
tion. I think more consideration should be given
to the subject Sir, we have passed one law for
tiie prevention of frauds by contractors worth all
the refct, in my judgment; and that is, making
them subject to the rules and articles of war;and
if they cheat the Governrnentthey can be punished
under the rules and articles of war. We did that
in one of the bills passed at the last session. That
law, if cai t led out strenuously and stringently, as
I believe it will be, and an effort is made to do it,
will have more effect and a better effect to prevent
these fraudulent contiaets than any law wc can
pass with regard to the form in which they are to
be put together, and the place to which they are
to be returned, and the oath that is to be made. I
am perfectly convinced myself that in the existing
state of things we had better suspend this law. 1
do not care whether it is suspended or repealed;
but I think some law might be passed on thesub-
jeet. I disagiee with my friend from New Hamp-
shiie, because, in my judgment, if we suspend it
till the 4th of March next it will be impossible for
us in the meantime, with all the business we have
before us, to perfect it, and it will go into opera-
tion on the 4th of March, immediately after the
adjournment; and all these difficulties will again
arise. If wc suspend it at all, let it be till next
year; for I have no idea that time will be taken at
this short session to mature a proper bill.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Myobjectinmakingthat
motion is simply this. It seems to be admitted on
all hands that frauds have been practiced on the
Government; and in June last an act was passed,
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, for
the punishment of those frauds, and the prevention
of frauds in the future. The operation of that act
was suspended, with a view that it might be per-
fected. An opportunity has been given topeifect-
the bill, and no attempt has been made to perfect
it. It certainly is better than no act on the sub-
ject; and should it stand unsuspendod, it will not
prevent the passage of a better bill or the amend-
ment of it in the future. Until it is amended, or
until another one is passed which is better in its
provisions, I think it better that it should stand
as the law of the land. We have this guarantee;
and it is of some value that the highest law com-
mittee of this body—the only law committee, in
fact—-have said to us that in their judgment it is
sufficient for the purposes intended. I act upon
their judgment, and foi that reason move the in-
definite postponement of this bill.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I do not know
that I have any particular choice as to whether
the law is suspended or repealed. I have not ex-
amined it very particularly,and I am not certain
whether, in my judgment even, it is adequate to
the purposes intended by the bill; whether it
amounts to a law which will punish frauds which
are committed, or will do anything towaids pre-
venting the commission of frauds. But it does
seem to me—and I say it with a great deal of def-
erence—that Senators here overestimate the dif-
ficulty in the way of enacting such a law, m the
way of enacting a law with a view to prevent to
some extent the commission of frauds, and do
more than any statute we have upon the books to
punish frauds when they are committed. Jtis
true, the methods by which the Government is
defrauded are very numerous. After all, I sup-
pose the great bulk of these frauds are committed
in one of three ways: either by the purchase of
goods upon contract in cases where the contract
is awarded not to the lowest bidder, or where no-
tices ate not given as the law requires, and there
is not a fair opportunity for bidders to offer; or
where, in the case ofgoods purchased without any «
notice whatever, by private contract, and where
more than the market price is paid for the articles
obtained; or, in the third case, where goods are pur-
chased at the market price but not of the quality
which the Government requires. We have all
seen instances, I suppose, in which the Govern-
ment has suffered from each of these practices. I
recollectseemg theScnatorfrom Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] carrying about the streets here some cloths
which had been purchased, which hod been ex-
amined, and which had been paid for, and which
were beyond all question uttei ly woi thless, and a
disgrace to that department of the Government
which would toleiate such practices. I do not
mean to say that the head of the quartermaster's
department was responsible for those purchases.
I do not know by whom the goods were inspected.
That is one instance in which the Government
was defrauded. Every one is familiar with nu-
merous instances m which the Government has
suffered from each c/these fuller practices.
We make estimates every year for the whole
expense of our whole Army, and of our whole
Navy. Our estimates are not very close, are not
very accurate; but the Government is provident
enough to provide for the utmost wants of the
Army. Sudden expeditions, it is said, may be
fitted out; but what are the expenditures of an
Army, whether lying m camp or on the march?
They need clothing; they need ordnance, ammu-
nition, uniforms; and the amount that each man
is entitled to is fixed by law. The chief of your
quartermaster's staff m any department, the chief
of ihe commissary staff in every department, or
at every post, knows how many men he has to
provide for, and makes pro visi on for them,whether
on the march or whetlier lying m camp; and it
seems to me there can be but very few contingen-
cies, if any, in which all the commissary's ai)4
