1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
quartermaster's stores cannot be advertised for be-
forehand. A provident quartermaster or a prov-
ident commissary would take care that he had
stores sufficient for the use of the troops within
his department under any contingency. He would
not be doing his duty to the"Government unless
he did.
It seems to me it would be entirely practicable
to provide some sort of an enactment which would
make the Government tolerably safe in sendinga
quartermaster or a commissary into the maiket
to purchase. There are produce dealers in the
city of Boston and the city of New York who
purchase immense amounts of produce through
agents distributed over the whole country, ex-
tending clear back to and beyond the Mississippi.
They contrive not to be cheated. They know
when an agent of theirs puichascs beyond the
market price. If they buy wheat at one cent a
bushel in Chicago more than the maiket will
warrant paying for in Chicago, the employer in
New York knows it, and he is in no danger of
being defrauded. I do not understand why the
Government, if it is to send its agents into the
market to purchase without instruction, cannot
oblige its agents to purchase at the market price
just as well as private gentlemen dealing in the
same kind of goods. The men who contract to
furnish the Government of the United States with
horses will send their agents clear to the Rocky
mountains—agents of their own; they do not go
themselves, and they do not get cheated by their
agents,and why should the Governmentgetcheat-
ed by its agents? If we see fit to provide penalties
font, why can we not control the action of our
agents, and hold them to the rules of honestyjust
as well as piivatc gentlemen do?
I really hope, whatever may be the fate of
the statute on the book, that Congress will not
abandon the attempt of providing some law to
protect the Treasury and pioteet the Govci nnumt
against the wrongs which we know we have suf-
fered from; and if it is ever to be done it ought to be
done at this time, foi our expenditures arc infinitely
heavier now than they ever were before, or we
supposed they ever would be—heavier than any
other Government has ever incurred in anypoi-
tion of its history. They are enough really to
astound the world ;and they would lmve astounded
the world, if any pi ediction had bixn made that
this Government would be called to meet such
expenditures within any given period.
Mr. GRIMES. I .should like to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin a question: whether, anion? all
the cases to which his attention has been cnlLd,
he has ever known a case where there was fraud
in the writing of the contract itself; or whether,
on the contrary, all these cases of frauds have not
been in the execution of a contract that was ap-
parently an honest one upon its face? Such is my
observation and experience.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am free to say I have never
known any very gross frauds on the Government
in the writing of a contiact, in the drawing up of
a contract. I do not know whether they are drawn
by the legal fraternity or not. If that is so, that
would be ample protection to the Government.
Mr. GRIMES. That is all this law requires;
that there shall boa written contract.
Mr. 1IOWE. I said in the outlet I was not
prepared to defend this huv, or to say whether, in
my own judgment, it was adequate to meet the
purpose "for which it, was designed, J am only
taking this occasion to say that 1 am very reluctant
to see the Congress of the United States abandon
the attempt to throw around the Treasury some
protection against these gross frauds which we
know have been perpetrated upon it for ycais.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say that, on
looking at the Unv further, I find I was mistaken in
reference to the original contract being sent to the
Department of the Interior. It is a copy of the
contract that is to he sent, and so far the law is not
open to the objection which I made to it. The
only difficulty, therefore, that would arise would
be owing to the hurried manner in which contracts
are sometimes requned to be made, and the fact
that a great many contract* cannot possibly be
made in wilting, owing to the time it would take
up. IIow far that operates I do not know.
Mr. COWAN. I am rather inclined to think
that this is a good law, from the fact that 1 luue
heard but one single valid objection made to it.
It is all idle to say that the law cannot be executed
because contracts cannot be put in writing. If
that be true, then there is no guard whatever. If
it be hue that it is impossible" to commit the con-
tracts made by the several Departments of this
Government to writing, then it is impossible to
apply to them the1 guards which men in ordinary
every day business apply to their affairs in order
to prevent frauds. I am not prepared to recog-
nize that impossibility. I think it is always com-
petent for an officer of fhis Government when he
makes a contract to put it in writing; and if you
give him thirty days, he is also equally able to send
a copy of it to the Returns Office. The original
contract goes precisely where it would go if" this
law had never been passed. It takes no control
over the contract. It merely requnes a copy to
be filed m the Department of the Interior. If these
contracts arc not to be put in writing, and can-
not be put in writing, how are settlements made
with these officers ? I suppose a business man
always requires his subordinates to put theircon-
tractsin writing, to bring him all possible evidence
of the fairness of the tiansaction; and that is all
this bill requfres. I have not heaid of a single
instance where gentlemen have shown that con-
tracts made by subordinate officeis in the employ
of the Government cannot be put in writing. It
is said they are to be made m a great hurry. Sup-
pose they arc: the. officer can have blanks in his
pocket. lie buys a horse in a great hurry. Of
e.ouise, when he pays for him he ought to have a
voucher, and if he can have one he can have two.
It only requires an additional signature to be made,
very little writing; and those are the only kind
of cases where these hurried contracts are to be
made.
There was a valid objection, however, stated
onthcpaitof the Navy Depai tment—and I think
there wasan amendmentofn-red to obviate it—and
that was that there were conti acts sometimes made
by that Depaitment which ought not to be ex-
posed to the eye of the public, and which oujjht
not to be accessible to everybody. If that be the
fact, then the Returns Office, such as is contem-
plated by the bill, would be mischievous and det-
rimental to the public good. That office is sepa-
rated from the several Departments, and put away
by itself, in order that the people, or those inter-
ested in the inspection of these contracts, might
know exactly where to go, and might go where
they had a right to demand an inspection of the
contracts and a cony if they chose to pay for it.
How is it now? If you desire to know how a
particular contract is, a Senator may perhaps go
to the War Department and get the information;
but a man from the country who comes here has
no right to go in there and require a clerk to stop
the woik lie is engaged upon at the moment to
got down a contract and show it to him; and the
law makes no provision that he should do so. I
think that is all right enough, because the Depart-
ments might be so embariassed by requiring them
to do that kind of service that they could not get
along with their regular business; but if copies of
these contracts are sent to an office established
expressly for that purpose,and filed away there,
and a person kept there to attend it and show
these contracts to people who desire to sec them,
I cannot concave of anything better calculated to h
prevent unjust suspicions of fraud, to correct ei ro-
neous charges of fraud, or to detect fraud itself
where it actually occurred. That was the plan.
It is said that it will require a great number of
clerks. 1 cannotunderstand how that can be true.
These copies are to go to that office and be there
filed away by a single person, and he is a salaried
clei k. If he can sell copies of all of them, that is
his own ptoiit. The moic demand made upon
him for those copies, the more clerks he may em-
ploy, and the more he may make of it,because he
is paid so much for every copy that he sells. I
have not been able to see any impossibility about ];
the execution of the law. If this law cannot be ;■
executed, then I say that no statute of fraudscan
be executed with regard to the contracts of this j|
Government, because it comes to that. Contracts ii
can be put in writing. If they can be putin I,
writing, they can be copied; and if they can be !i
copied, those copies can be placed in some office
where they may be subject to the inspection of ;]
the people, and those who are interested. If they !j
cannot be put in writing, of course this cannot be ;!
done, and the bill  j|
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour H
having expired, the special order of the day is
before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massacluisetts. This is an
important bill, that should be passed to-day. I
move, therefore, to postpone the special order for
a short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the special
order of the day, the Senator from Indiana [Mt.
Wright] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am willing to yield if we
can have a vote on the bill now; if not, I prefer to
go on.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. At the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes sen-
den,] I will withdiaw my motion, if the Senator
from Indiana will simply allow me to make a re-
port on another subject, which I desire to bring
up to-morrow morning.
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
PROMPT PAYMENT OF TROOPS-
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was refericd the joint resolution (H. ft.
No. 321) for the prompt payment of^the soldiers
of the United States Army, and the seamen and
marines of the United States Navy, have directetj.
mo to report it back with an amendment; and I
give notice that I shall call up the resolution to-
morrow for consideration. I should like to have
the resolution and amendment read, as I desire
Senators to know what thev are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unanimous
consent of the Senate they will be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as fol-
lows:
Ilciolved,$c , That it is the opinion of Congress that im-
mediate step-! ought to he taken by the Treasury Department
to pay the sum- due the soldiers in our nimies. and the
s>< amen and mm me-s in our Navy, and that to this end a
pieiorenee be given to this ebb? of Government creditors
over e\eryothei, whctliet belonging to the executive, legis-
lative, or judicial depaitment.
The committee report an amendment, to add at
the end of the resolution the following:
And for the pm po>e of carrying out the piovbions of this
resolution, the Socretaiy of the Treasury be, and he hereby
i*, authorized to issue immediately the sum of §50,000,000
ot demand Treasury notes, in addition to the amount au-
ihouzod by the act oppjoved July II, 18G2, entitled "An
net to authorize an additional is«ue ot United States notes
and for other puipo^'s," under the conditions of that act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the resolution stands
with that amendment, I feel bound to move that
the bill with the amendment be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject is not
before the Senate for consideration. The ques-
tion befoie the Senate is House bill No. 362.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from In-
diana will excuse mo a moment, I suppose that
as rapid action as possible should be had upon the
subject-embraced in the resolution reported by tho
Senator from Massachusetts; and I think that the
Secretary of theTreasury, who conducts the finan-
cial measures of the Government, ought certainly
to bo consulted with reference to it, in the first
place-, and it should be considered by the Com-
mittee on Finance. It proposes a very important
movement with reference to financial measures.
I do not move its reference with any design to
embarrass it, but with a design simply to have it
properly understood, and made consistent with
other measures in relation to that subject. It re-
mains for the Senate, therefore, to say whether
the resolution had better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, or whether it shall go through
without reference to the opinions of the Secietary
of the Treasury or of those who ordinarily exam-
ine questions of that description.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine is understood to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider this subject at the
present time. The Chair hears no objection, and
the joint resolution iy before the Senate asm Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the joint
resolution and the amendment be referred to thv
Committee on Finance.
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that 1 have any objection to the joint reso-
lution going to that committee for consideration,
if it be the purpose to act immediately upon it;
but, sir, in my judgment, whatever may be the
views of the Secretary of the Treasury, or of any
other officer of tho Government, the time has
