200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
come for the Congress of the United States to
provide the means for the payment of our Army.
We owe them at least the sum mentioned in this
resolution—$50,000,000—up to the 1st of Janu-
ary; a$d I know—I have no doubt on the sub-
ject—that they ought to be paid. I know that
there are thousands of letters that go to the sol-
diers of the Army every week setting forth the
sufferings of their families at home for the want
of prompt payment; and whatever may be the
general policy of the Secretary, or the general
policy of Congress in regard to our finances, I think
Congress should provide at once for the payment
of these soldiers. To my personal knowledge,
some of those who have been discharged on ac-
count of wounds or sickness in the service when
they could not be paid have returned home and
gone into the poor-houses; and the families of
some of the soldiers in the field at thirteen dollars
per month are now, if not paupers, saved from
pauperism by the charity of their neighbors; and
that too because those men have not been paid as
promptly as they should have been. Therefore, i
while I do^ot resist this reference, and am willing
to pay all proper deference to the opinions of the
Secretary of the Treasury or any other officer of
■the Government, I think the time has come to
provide the means to pay these soldiers, and to
insist upon it that they shall be promptly paid.
Sir, our Army is diminishing. There are a great
many soldiers who are deserting their places: and
I have information from general officers in the
Army that some of the soldiers desert out of
anxiety for the condition of their families. When
they enlisted in the service, there was a general
enthusiasm in the country. They were assured
by everybody that their families would be cared
for. They left their homes with the highest ex-
pectations. At the present time, our expenses,
our troubles, our failures to some extent to realize
the expectations of the people, have diminished
their enthusiasm, and, as the war has progressed,
their tender care for the soldiers or their families
has somewhat diminished too. They are bound
by their contract with this Government. They are
in the field serving their country at thirteen dollars
a month, when many of them could earn forty or
fifty dollars a month at home to-day. It is of vital
importance, in order to have good feeling m the
Army, and to secure the discipline that ought to
be enforced in the Army, that the men should be
promptly paid. For the last four or five weeks this
matter has pressed upon us. I have over and over
again tried to call for the necessary information in
regard to it, and have received assurances that the
Government has been doins; all it could do with
the means it had. I think Congress should pro-
vide the Government with the necessary means
for the prompt payment of the soldiers. With
that view, I am willing that this resolution shall
go to the Committee on Finance. 1 hope the com-
mittee will act promptly,and thatthisproposition,
or something like it, will pass at once.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall vote Willi great pleas-
ure to refer this resolution to the Committee on
Finance; but 1 shall do it under the belief and the
hope and the expectation that that intelligent and
hard-working committee, as we all know it to be,
will give the subject its earliest and most earnest
attention; for I can assure you, sir, that among
all the discouragements which have existed in the
countryatlargein theprosocution of this righteous
war, I know of no one which has borne so heavily
upon the popular mind, and especially upon the
hearts of the soldiers, as thy non-payment of their
just dues. It is a matter, in my judgment, which
requires the immediate, earnest, not to say the
humane attention of Congress. We cannot ex-
pect to raise troops in the future if we do not pay
them. Families at home clamor for the pay which
is due to the honest soldier, and many of them,
thousands and thousands, are in danger of becom-
ing paupers and charges upon their ftiends at
home; and there are thousands, beyond a doubt,
whose bones now lie upon the banks of the Rap-
pahaunock and atMurfieesboro', who have never
for the last six months received one dollar of pay-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. Twelve months.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I might say twelve
months; and whose families are actually in dis-
tress for the want of the small pittance which the
Government owes them. I hope that this thing
of not paying honest soldiers of our volunteer
army will be speedily wiped out by the legisla-
tion of Congress. I look upon itas a national dis-
grace and a national shame that men who thus
volunteer to defend their country and uphold the
Government should thus be neglected from month
to month.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the question
on the motion to refer the joint resolution and
amendment to the Committee on Finance ?
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN CRAWFORD.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to fur-
nish to the Senate a copy of the repoitof Captain William
Crawford, commanding the regiment sent to Oregon and
Washington Teriitory.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
; bill (H. R. No. 363) to provide for the discharge
| of State prisoners and others, and fo authorizethe
' judges of the United States courts to take bail or
| recognizances to secure the trial of the same, the
; pending question being on the motion of Mr.
; Powell to strike out the third section of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire first to return to the
honorable Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Field]
my thanks for his kindness in giving me the floor
; on this occasion, as he was entitled to it.
| Mr. President, the bill under consideration con-
' templates the release of political prisoners under
' certain circumstances; and, under the conditions
j of the Constitution, it is designed to authorize the
i President to suspend the writ of habeas corpus.
j Some days since I voted to lay the resolution of
; the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] on
i the table; and I did so because, among other rea-
| sons, this bill, if it shall pass to the statute-book,
will entirely supersede the necessity for such a
resolution; and, therefore, its further discussion
; would be not only unprofitable but actually inju-
; rious. The legislation for a great country should
- be accomplished in a broad and catholic spirit, and
not be tinctured with party contentions or local
; jealousies, or even isolated cases of wrong and
oppression. Such cases have their teachings, and
they may prompt us to a vigorous maintenance
j of our inalienable liberties, but when they have
: effected their purpose they may be laid aside and
I the remedy be pursued byacomprehonsive states-
^ manship. I prefer, therefore, that the brief period
. which is left to us of this fleeting session shall not
, be sacrificed to individual cases, but given to legis-
! lation on general principles which shall embrace
; in their operation the vast area of the Republic
. and the aggregate of our fcllow-citizens. I am in
| favoi of the bill now befoie the Senate as it came
jj to us from the committee, that we may hereafter
ij regulate, by a law which shall not be rmsunder-
ji stood, that about which there has been much
ij acerbity and conflicting judgment. It is scarcely
! ] necessary, then, for me to say that I shall not vote
ij for the pending amendment, the motion of my
!l honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
i to strike out the third section.
' We cannot, if we would, conceal the fact that
much capital has been made by politicians out of
> ariests which have been directed by the President,
, or others acting under his authority. Men do not
| seem to realize the condition of things in the coun-
| try, and the most improper appeals are made to
| the ignorant and the unsuspecting, which alarm
their fears on this subject. In the dark days of '76,
General Lee wrote to James Bowdoin, president
I of the Massachusetts council:
: "We must save the community, in spite of the oidi-
j nances of the legislature. There are times when we must
: commit tri uson agumst the laws of the State, lor the Mil-
1 vatiou of the State. The present crisis demands this brave,
I virtuous kind oftrea&on."
j No statesman of this day would be willing to use
; language so strong as that which one of Washing-
, ton's generals used in the war of the Revolution;
I but occasions arise when arrests become a necessity
, which cannot be disregarded without an impeach-
ment of fidelity to the best interests of the Com mo n-
i wealth; and I am not disposed to yield the credit
i to the Republican party of originating a policy
as bold as it is necessary, for in the despondent
days of our infant struggle for liberty it was just-
ified. Jefferson and Jackson subsequently de-
monstrated that it had their sanction, and it ever
has had the approval of old-fashioned Democracy.
General Jackson suspended the liberty of the press
in New Orleans, and he kept the entire city and
suburbs under martial law after the British had
left the coast. He arrested Judge Hall for issu-
ing a writ of habeas corpus in favor of a French
subject who had been seized by General Jackson's
orders; and a recent Congress of the United States,
by its legislation, commended that exercise of au-
thority. Firmness and promptitude, fearlessness
in assuming responsibility wlien his country was
in an emergency, were among the prominent traits
of his character, which secured the deep devotion
of the Democracy, and the earnest and enthusiastic
regard which was akin to idolatry.
Mr. Jefferson sustained General Wilkinson for
suspending the habeas corpus in New Orleans on
the occasion of ceitain military arrests of persons
who were suspected of complicity in Burr's expe-
dition; thus justifying the setting up of military
authority over the jurisdiction of the courts in
times of public danger. As late as the 3d of Feb-
ruaty, 1807, in a letter to Governor Claiborne re-
specting Burr's conspiracy, he wrote:
" On great occasion*, every good officer mint be ready to
risk himself in going beyond the stiiel line of law, when
the public preservation lequires it. llis motives will he a
justification, as far as there any discretion m his ultra-
legal proceedings, and no indulgence of private feelings."
I call the attention of Senators to this language,
and to the time and the circumstances under which
it. was used. That was not a rebellion of one third
of the entire Republic against its Government.
The straits of the Union were not then so des-
perate. On that occasion a mere handful of men,
starting on a distant expedition, were arrested
and brought to trial. Now the conspiracy is more
extended, the nterests at stake aie more vital,
and the emergency more imperious. In a letter
to General Wilkinson, of the same date, he says:
" Youi sendinglieieSwartwoutand Bolhnan. and adding
to them Burr, Bieimeiha--et, and Tyler. should they fall
. into youi hand--, will be supported by the public opinion."
i There is another passage in this letter which I
| may be justified in reading in tins connection. Its
i appropriateness will be felt:
; ''The Feds, and the little baud of Quids, m opposition,
' will try to make something of the infringement of liberty
: by the military aueat and depoitation of citizens; but if it
! does not go beyond such ollendeis as Swamvont, Bolhnan,
: Burr, Jiiennerhas^et, Tyler, &c., they will be suppouedby
i the public appiobatioa."
I May I not, Mi. President, slightly .titer the lan-
guage of Jefferson of that day ,and by a paraphrase
' adapt it to the present, and say that those who
! think more of party than of country, who seek
| to make political capital out of every act of the
' Government, may try to make something of the
! political arrests that have been made, but if it does
j not go beyond such offenders as Governor More-
i head, Bucknc-r, Walks, and their compeers, they
will be supported by the public approbation?
It is to be regretted that, in an hour like this,
men who profess to be loyal to the Government
should seize upon questions of such a character
and so discuss them as, notwithstanding their
vaunted patriotism, to weaken the Government
and the cause which they profess to favor—the
suppression of rebellion. For what was there so
simultaneous a rising and a resort, to m ms by the
people of the States which are faithful in their al-
legiance ? To preserve the Union m its integrity,
and all those institutions which have been so pro-
lific of happiness and prosperity for nearly a cen-
tury. The spectacle was imposing: the patriotic
impulse of a mighty people to brave dangers to
conserve their free institutions received the hom-
age of mankind; but the slime of the serpent left
visible impress of his tortuous windings. Doubts
whispered in the ear of the mother of mankind agi-
tated her bosom, and Eden was lost. Our happy
estate is endangered by agencies as malignant.
Men may innocently differ'in their opinions as to
what are the best means to restore peace to a dis-
ordered land, but mischievous demagogues have
stealthily obtruded on the unsuspecting, fears have
been aroused, prejudices have been stimulated,
the minds of many misled, and, emboldened by
impunity, a combination of such agencies has
brought party machinery to accomplish its ruin-
ous work. The timid have been terrified by highly
colored pictures of the desolation to ensue from a
prolonged war; moneyed men, rendered sensitive
by great interests, have conjured to their mind's
eye a gigantic accumulation of public debt and
