186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
tor's bill. Sir, if you desire the judiciary to be
what they ought to be, bold, fearless, independent
judges, who will administer the law as it is written,
you must put them above every influence.of the
appointing power. Let this bill pass, and you
will set a precedent that will cause by possibility
every four years, or every time there is a change
of political parties, the judiciary of the nation, ex-
cept the Supreme Court of the United States, to go
out of office, and have bawling partisan favorites
put in. Are the men who follow picking up the
offal in the trains of political camps, the jackals
of party that follow in the train of every political
organization, fit men for the bench ? Sir, set this
precedent, and what will prevent the Confess of
the United States from passing laws, by changing
the name of the court, by abolishing certain dis-
tricts, or consolidating them into one d is tuct where
the^ have more than one in a State, to turn out all
the judges of the United States save and excopt
the Supreme Court judges, and fill their places by
partisan judges? Nothing, sir; nothing. We
should look to this. It is comparatively a small
matter whether the two or three judges in the Dis-
trict of Columbia hold their places oi not. That
of itself is comparatively trifling; but the great
principle that will be violated, the dangerous pre-
cedent that will be set, is a matter of the gravest
moment, of the mightiest importance to the peo-
ple.
Mr. President, I hope there will be no such
encroachment upon the judiciary as this bill con-
templates. I would greatly prefer that honorable.
Senators would come out and boldly avo<\, their
object; and that is, that it is to turn out judges
opposed to them politically and put in those of
their own political faith. Whatever factitious
jokes may be cracked or declarations made, those
who will examine this bill will see that that is the
effect, and they will believe that that is the object.
I hope that this bill will not pass. 1 desire that, if
the Senator really wishes to improve the condition
of the courts here he will vote for the amendment
which I have presented; that will allow the cir-
cuit court to remain as it is; and then let us go on
and pcfect this bill, if tl^re is anything in it that
he desires; but i will say candidly to the honor-
able Senator that he will find nothing in it, in my
judgment, that the courts have not now. That
being adopted, I think he will abandon his bill,
because the soul of his bill would be stricken out.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kentucky, by striking out44 one," and in-
serting 14 two;" so as to provide for two additional
judges of the ciicuit court.
Mr. POWELL. Is the object of the Senator to
have five judges in this District?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes.
Mr. PO WELL. If the Senator thinks that pref-
erable, L have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. H is compe-
tent for the Si'iiator from Kentucky to accept that
modification of his own amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I accept it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now wish
simply to say, as myameiHlmentisaccepted,that
I should vote most ch'-eifully for this bill as it
was reported, should this amendment fail, and I
should vote for it withoutany desire to turn men
out of office. I have not the greatest faith in the
present judges. I believe the courts of the Di«~ 1
trict have for many years been complained of by
gentlemen of ail political opinions. I think that if
we should pass the bill as it was originally re-
ported we should bring about a real reform. I sup-
pose, howevei, if we pass the bill, the same impu-
tations that have been made here to-night by the
Senators from Kentucky and others will be made
upon us in the country. For myself, I wish to
make these courts what they oughttobe. I have
not, I say, the greatest faith in these courts. As
to one of their judges, I mean Judge Memck, I
believe his heart is sweltering with treason. He
has been under arrest since this rebellion broke
out. 1 believe that during this session of Con-
gress his home has been the resou wheie sympa-
thizers with disloyal men have held councils,and !
secret councils, and I have good reason to behevo
this to be true. I shall vote for tins bill as cheer- ,
fully th«j Senator from New York, and from \
the same motives, but I see plainly that our mo- {
tives are to be questioned, and we are to be de- j
nounced before the country if we pass a bill to '
reform the courts of this District. 1 therefore have
moved this amendment to add two additional mem-
bers to the present court, in the hope that two good
men will be appointed on the bench, first-class law-
yers, men fit to be judges, and who can elevate the
character of the court.
Mr. POWELL. I accepted the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, thinking, per-
haps, that he had more knowledge than 1 as to
the number of judges really wanted in this Dis-
trict. I desire to ask him if he has any informa-
tion as to whether five judges are necessary ?
Mr. GRIMES. I can answer the inquiry of-the
Senator from Kentucky. We have at this time
four judges; that is, we are authorized to have four
judges in the District—three belonging to the cir-
cuit court and one to the criminal court. The
judge of the criminal court is dead, and his va-
cancy has not yet been filled. The amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, therefore, would
only create one additional judge, with a salary of
two thousand five hundred or three thousand dol-
lars a year.
Mr. POWELL. I am satisfied with the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts. I only
wished to make the inquiry for my own satisfac-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. The business of the District
has greatly increased within the last few years.
Mr. POWELL. No doubt of it. 1 accept the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky is so modi-
fied.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mi. President, I have
been pleased to hear the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, as exchanged with the
Senator from Kentucky, and as also recognized
by the Senator from Iowa. I did intend to advance
a notion of my own, but the concession of opin-
ion is a better argument than I can advance. lam
glad to hear it.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. I believe that the judicial sys-
tem which is contemplated by the bill as it is now
before the Senate will be far more useful and in-
comparably better than any court or system of
courts that can be constructed out of the piesent
organization; but if it shall be the will of the Sen-
ate thatan aitemptshall be made by addingjudges
to the present circuit court to endeavor to make it
better than it now is, it will then be necessary to re-
construct this bill. If that shall be the will of the
Senate, as indicated by their vote upon this piop-
osition, I will endeavor to refiame the bill so as
to adapt it to that state of thmg'3. I hope, how-
ever, that the Senate will see fit to adopt the bill
as it is. 1 believe it will establish a better and more
useful court, and that we shall see, if it becomes
a law, that a great improvement has been made
in the judicial system of tins District. ;
Mr. CLARK. I behove it is admitted by all
thatfour judges of this Disti ict are enough. This :
amendment, if adopted, will give five. Now, I i
have simply to say that 1 will not vote to pay ,
$3,000 for an additional judge to supply the place I
of a secessionist v/hom we do not dare to turn out. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Th'i question j
is on the amendment uf the Senator from Ken- i
tucky [Mr. Powell] as modified. >
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
resulted—yeas 15,.nays 23; as follows: :
YEAS—Me.^sr-. Anthony,Cailite,Cowan,Davis,Grimes, j
Kenned* , Luihrim, McDougaii, I'owell, Itiee, Ilicliaiihoii,
S.iulsbu >, Wijit;), Wilson ot .Massachusetts, and Wilson [
Ol jVliS^OIlli—15.
NA VS—Messrs. Chandler, Claik. ColJ.uner, Dixon, Doo-
httle, Foot. Foster, Hides, Howard, Howe,
Kins, Ln.no oflnchan.i, Lam* oi Kansas Moirill, Pomerov«
fc'hcimrm, Sumner, Ten E.sck, Tiumbull, Wade, and WV •
mot—123.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend- j
ment, to inset t as a new section:
Jlnd be it further cnacted, That ail suits and proceedings J
which at the tunc this act t/ikes (-fleet shall bo pending in :
any of the eomtss hereby oboii^hed shall iie tianstencd to j
thecoma to be cstabli-hed nndei the piovi-ions of tln^act, ,
and may be pto^'cuted to the same eficet as th^y
might h.ivr b 't;n in tuo court m which the same '.vote com-
liicnf^t!. Pioet'^ issued out of any of s.ud const-; shall
also bu returned to the court liciohy Csi.ibii.-hed. i
I believe that the biil already sufficiently pro- ■
vides for the continuation of suits and pioeeed- i
ings which will be pending at the time the old j
courts go out of existence, m the new courts; but i
as thathas been doubted by some.Senators, I have
offered this amendment to pro-vide for that ease*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 offer anamendment to insert
the following, as a new section:
Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That tho PresJdentofthe United
States is hereby authorized, by and wtth the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint a warden of the jail" for
tho county of Washington who shall have charge thereof
and the ptisonets therein, and shall perform all the duties
and be subject to all the obligations and requirement* in
regard theioto which have been performed by ami to which
the marshal of the District of Columbia has heretofore beea
subject.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inquire whether this
is to create a new office, or whether the warden
is to receive simply the fees aliowed to the present
marshal ?
Mr. GRIMES. He will receive the same fees.
Under the present organization in the District of
Columbia there is what is called a jailor, who has
charge of the Washington county jail, appointed
by and responsible to the United States marshal;
and the marshal receives his compensation for the
services performed by the jailor and his deputies,
in fees, under the laws of the United States and the
old laws of Maryland, which have been contin-
ued in force since this District was ceded to the
United States. The duties of the marshal, as is well
known to everybody,are very laborious and quite
extensive. lie is required to attend upon the Su-
preme Coutt of the United States; his officers or
himself are required to execute piocesses and to
attend upon the terms of the circuit court of the
United States and of the district court of the Uni-
ted States; and besides that, he is required to
perform all the multifarious duties that pertain to
the active executive officer of the District. This
amendment simply proposes to detach from the
matshal those duties that appertain especially to
the jail, and authoiiA them to be confided in and
performed by a waiden of the jail, to be appointed
by the President and confirmed by the Senate, and
to be paid as the marshal is now paid, from the
fees that shall be derived from keeping the pris-
oners who maybe incarcerated in the jail.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think this amend-
ment should be adopted on this bill. The Sena-
tor from Iowa seems to be anxious to relieve the
marshal of the District from a part of his duties.
It looks to me very much like a lick at the mar-
shal. There have been efforts made heretofore 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Kentucky
will allow me, I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he so modify his amendment as
to expiess in it that the warden is to be paid by
the f-'us and emoluments heretofore received by
the marshal. I-understand him to say that he is
willing to agree to that.
Mi-rGRlMES. That is the way I understood
it before.
The PRESIDENT pro tetnpore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. POWELL. The object seems to be a lick
at the marshal. I have heard no special com-
plaint of the marshal of the District except from
the Senator from Iowa and perhaps another Sen-
ator. I have heard the Senator from Iowa and
another Senator speak about the marshal hereto*
fore. I see no necessity for interfering with the
present law governing this prison. The marshal
of the District is opposed to me politically and in
wry way, and consequently 1 cannot be charged
vith having his political or official interests in my
keeping; but I do think it manifestly improper, in
tli* radical crusade that is being made against the
judges, to embrace the marshal. I fear that the
"amend ment is one directed at the person lather than
the office. Thatptison, I suppose, has been con-
ducted well. I have heard no complaint made
here from the people of the District; and I do think
it manifestly improper, for the purpose of getting
offices to give to hungry applicants, to be cutting
and carving up public responsibilities and turning
everybody out of office by this kind of legis-
lation. 1" hopo, sir, that the amendment may be
rejected.
ivlr. HARRIS. I do not know whether this
pioposition is right or not. I am, however, dis-
posed to dunk that it may be; but I am not will-
ing that it should be attached to this bill. It has
no relation to a bill to reorganize the judiciary of
