1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
unteers who have actually been mustered into the said
service to be paid from the time they were individually en-
rolled in s<|id seivice, instead of from the time their com-
panies weie filled and mustered into the service ot the
United States; and that the committee rcpoitto this House
by bill or otherwise.
WEST POINT "WAGON ROAD.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, from the Committee on Roads anil
Canals, bill of the House No. 763, to build and
construct a wagon road for the use of the Mili-
tary Academy, from West Point, in the county
of Orange, State ofNew York, to Cornwall Land-
ing, in said State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM C, WALKER.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of William C. Walker;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
NINTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CLEMENTS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to secure to the officers and privates
of the ninth regiment of Kentucky volunteers
their pay from theftloth day of September to the
11th day of November, 1861; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
bill of the House No. 708, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1863, with amendments; in winch he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further requested the return to the
Senate of the bill of the Senate (No. 483) to es-
tablish the gauge of the Pacific lailroad and the
branches theieol".
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate
have asked for a second confcrence on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill. I
move thatthe House agree to the conference asked
by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
theieupon appointed the following gentlemen to
be managers ot said conference on the part of the
House: Messis. Morrill of Vermont, Fenton,
and Vallakdigham.
GAUGE OF PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
Senate:
In Senate of the Unitfd Status,
February 10, ItiO.'L
Resolved, That the Secretary ho directed t<> i^qu^-t the
House ot' Representatives loieturn to the Senate the hill
of the Senate (No. 483) to establish thu gauge ol the Pa-
cific railtoad and ilio bianchc^ mereof.
Oil motion, it was
Oidcred, That said bill be returned to the Senate, agree-
ably to the tequesr of that body.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
consideration of bill of the Senate No. 48G, to
provide n national currency, secured by pledge of
United States stocks, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof.
Mr. R A KER. Mr. Speaker, I offer no apology
for desiring to address the House at this time on
a measure of so much importance as that which
now engages our attention. The comments on
this measure have been many and various, and
so far as my observation extends, much that has
beenwiitten and much that has been spoken has
been uttered to commend a ntopian scheme which
this bill will not and cannot put in operation. In
order thatthe views of the advocates of this scheme
may be fairly presented I read from the late report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the following:
"The cential idea of the proposed measure is the estab-
lishment ot one sound, uniform circulation,of equal value
throughout the country, upon the foundation ol national
crcdit combined with puvate capital." .
That, in brief, is the proposed scheme. This
bill is very imperfect, in my judgment, and will
fail to realize the objects anticipated. It is not
claimed that this is a measure to give what is so
much desired, immediate relief to our finances,
for none have the boldness or the hardihood to de-
clare that it will be of any service to the Treasury
within the space of two years.
It has been said by my colleague [Mr. Spauld-
ing] that this is a proposition to nationalize the
banking system of the State of New York. It is
so in part, but it does not contain the most essen-
tial feature of that system, whereby the currency
issued by its numerous banks is made of nearly
equal and uniform value in all parts of the .State.
This bill proposes that the currency issued by the
new associations, and which is designed to be of
" uniform circulation and equal value throughout
the country," shall only be redeemed at the place
of issue. It is obvious that, away from the im-
mediate locality of the association which issued
it, tins currency would be practically irredeem-
able and inconvertible. There being no provision
for the redemption of the currency at any other
point than the counter of the bank issuing it was
the radical defect of the banking system of the
State of Illinois.
The banking law of the State of New York con-
tains this provision, which, so far as the public are
concerned, is the most essential of its features. It
provides that every note issued by any institution
under the free banking law of the State shall bo
redeemed at one cential point within that State,
and that has caused the currency issued under
that law to be of uniform value throughout the
State. Prior to the adoption of that system, al-
though the circulation of the banks o£ our State
was secured by a safety fund system, yet at the
moneyed center the notes of those institutions were
at a discount of from one eighth to 4wo per cent.,
according to nearness or remoteness from the place
of redemption. Such would be the case with the
notes which we propose to issue under this sys-
tem in each individual State, but the discount upon
them would be far greater in other States and at
distant points from their place of issue. To
remedy this evil and make this currency of uni-
foi m value throughout the United States, it $ ab-
solutely necessary that these associations should
be compelled to n deem their notes at their coun-
ters, at the commercial center of each State in
which they are located, and also at New York,
the commercial and moneyed center of the Union.
With such a provision embodied in the bill, a
uniform currency might be secured, but it cannot
bo otherwise obtained.
There is no part of the fiee banking system of
the State of New York that offers such a safe-
guard to the public, and tends so much to keep those
institutions within their proper limits and secures
their proper and safe management, as the feature of
compelling them to redeem their circulation in the
manner 1 haveindicated. From examination itap-
pears that inasmuch as this bill does not contain
adequate provisions for the "establishment of a
uniform currency" it is manifestly defective, and
does not fulfill the plea for its enactment. Nordoes
it provide that the currency issued by the national
associations shall be redeemed at any future time
in coin, or as long as legal tender has at] existence.
This measure is based on paper issues, and con-
templates an indefinite period of suspension of
specie payments.
There is another feature of this bill which is
very remarkable. I allude to that section requir-
ing every association to keep on hand twenty-five
per cent, of the amount of its circulation and de-
posits in lawful money. Pray, sir, what is law-
ful money ? It means at the present moment legal
tender notes, which are«forty per cent, below the
value of com, and at some future but rather dis-
tant period it means com.
With a superabundance of legal tender, the new
associations may go on very smoothly; but sup-
pose, which is not an unlikely matter, that the
Supieme Court of the United States should de-
clare the legal tender clause authorizing the issue
of Treasury notes unconstitutional; what then
would be the condition of the institutions organ-
ized under this act? Having supplied themselves
with twenty-five per cent, on their circulation
and twenty-five per cent, on their deposits m law-
ful money, they would be compelled to purchase
com at sixty, seventy, or eighty per cent, pre-
mium, in order to fulfill the requirements of (lie
law. With such a contingency stagingin
the face, does this measure invite cautidus ahfi
prudent capitalists to embark ih'banking up&$r
this act ? Let me point out a fallacy' as to the al-
leged profitableness of banking under ithis mxjdJj-
laudeu scheme. ;
When the happy day arrives when coin shajl
be our only lawful money, each association wi|i
be compelled to keep on hand twenty-five'per
cent, of the amount of its "circulation and depos-
its" in coin. Is it possible for ahy banking in-
stitution, hampered in its circulation and business,
and taxed as it will be by this act, to earn .fair
dividends with that amount of its capital id coin
lying dormant in its vaults?
Again, it is proposed to issue circulating note#
secured by United States bonds, which are to bp
redeemed by what the authors of this measure
now denounce and stigmatize as u inconvertible"
and " irredeemable notes." Shame on the fathers
of the legal tender project for thus denouncing
their own offspring! It is true that these notes
which we have issued and which have been made
a legal tender are depreciated; but what, in large
measure, over and above its redundancy, is the
cause of that depreciation? The very act which
called that currency into existence " dishonored,"
" disgraced," and " depreciated" it. It placed a
stain and stigma on it by inserting in the act £
clause that it should not be received in paymerit
of all public dues to the Government.
This was done to carry out ultra ideas of pro-
hibition; the payment of interest in coin being
insisted upon that there might be some plausible
excuse for exacting payment of duties on imports
in coin. That I humbly conceive has been one of
the vital defects of our financial policy, causing our
own issues to depreciate enormously, and to the
extent of that depreciation to augment the cost of
the illimitable amount of material required by tlie
Government.
I believe that if Congress wore wise enough to
repeal the law requiring the payment of duties in
coin our legal tender notes would speedily improve
in value, and thus save in its vast purchases count-
less millions to the Treasury. If it is nccessary
to pay intereston the public debt in coin, it would
be far better and cheaper to purchase the coin for
that object than to persist in exacting coin in pay-
ment of foreign duties. I see no reason why the
capitalist, fownterest on his bonds, should receive
a better payment than the soldier who is risking
his life to protect the property of the capitalist and
preserve the Government.
The authors of this banking scheme and the
advocates thereof charge the deplorable deprecia-
tion of our paper currency to those poor maligned
institutions, the State banks. Since the suspen-
sion they have increased their circulation from
$130,000,000 to $167,000,000; and yet, with gross
impropriety, theagents of the Government charge
the woeful depreciation of the currency, not on
the §400,000,000 of " irredeemable" notes issued
by the Treasury Department, but upon the insig-
nificant $37,000,000 issued by the aforesaid banks.
It is affirmed that this measure will offer such
large inducements to capitalists that they will
greedily, two years hence, purchase the bonds of
the United States, place them in the hands of the
Comptroller, and receive therefor notes to be used
as currency and a means of banking. If any one
will caiefully scan the provisions of this act,and
observe to what expense, by taxation and other-
wise, the associations will be subjected, how.little
circulation they will be permitted to use, and how
much of their capital will necessarily be kept idle
by the twenty-five per cent, lawful money reserve,
they will find the terms in nowise conducive to
large or even ordinary profits.
As the sub-Treasury law will virtually be re-
pealed by this act, and that odious system of fa-
voritism, the pet bank system', be reestablished,
the proffered advantage likely to accrue from the
public deposits may induce a few associations to
organize under it; but while the funds in theTreas*
ury are so scant as at present, and the demands on
it so pressing, no plethoric profits can reasonably
be anticipated from that source.
Let me call your attention to another feature of
this bill, which I think needlessly depreciates the
securities of the United States. It provides that
only ninety per cent, of the face of the bonds,
when at par value in the market, sh*all be issued
