1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
that in a gigantic civil commotion, in these coun-
cils theie should be decision, courage, prompt-
ness, and efficiency. His premier has an exten-
sive sphere, the diplomacy of nations; the others
are circumscribed by our own tenitorial extent;
but all need masculine intellect and honesty of
purpose in the enforcement of the executive pol-
icy. Inefficiency in administration will present
the Executive, therefore, without excuse, for he
has the choice of his counselois, and should not
tolerate imbecility or discordant elements in his
cabinet; and the people have the right to know
what counsel they give. Without defined prin-
ciple and concentrated action, the Administration
must be vacillating or ineffective: and in a cusis
so fearful, our country and our firesides in peril,
the large, throbbing heart of the nation, depressed
with dark forebodings, beats with anguish, and
the earnest prayer ascends for executive enlight-
enment, for the infusion of an indomitable will,
an iron-nerved eneigy,and united counsels based
on a determined policy. Without a policy, our
high hopes will be blighted, and hence we ititer-
atc our cry for a policy. Oh, for a policy!
Mr. President, it is not unprofitable or unin-
teresting to contemplate some of the consequences
of this rebellion on the interests which the rebels
profess to deem most vital to them, and which
furnished them a motive for i ebelliou. The school-
master is abroad, and he is teaching an impoitant
lesson. The European traveler will find isolated
communities where local habitations descend
through a lung unchanging line of the same race
who stagnate into mere animal and boonsh life.
It is not strange that those who live beyond their
own circle are erroneously estimated, and that
prejudices are as deep as they are unenlightened.
We have had too much sectional perversion and
misconception at home. We have lamented it as
we have seen its operation; we feel the oppression
of its culmination.
I have often thought that we should not suffer
if we had more of the spirit of Abraham, who
could say to Lot—
u Let llifie be no strife, T piny thee, between me and thee,
and between my her<i.-m<'ii ;uul thy heuNnien: tor we ho
brethren. ]s not the whole land before thee? Repaiaie
thyself, I pray thee, liom mc, 11' ihou will lake the left
hand, then 1 will get to the nsrht; oj jf thou depart to tne
right hniub then I wil! go to the loft.'"
In the South theie are three hundred thousand
slaveholder, and theie are three millionsthat have
no such possession; but they are tinctured with
the prejudices as they are degraded by the igno-
rance which slavei y gen eiates. They aie mistaken
in their estimates of both themselves and others.
But the imperial aristocracy of slaveiy hc"ue pre-
cipitated a conflict ofarnie that will penetrate their
murky atmosphere with a light that shall change
the face of nature. Of the hundi eds of thousands
of our industrious, sturdy soldiers who have been
taken from varied occupations and sent South to
coerce a peace, how many thousands will never
return! Why, sir, seventy soldiers from northern ;
States enteied intomamage relations within a few
brief weeks, in Mai ylatui, but a few months af'tei 1
they wore stationed theie. Many will enter into '
commeieial putsuifs, some will become posse ssed ■
of land which they will cultivate, and new mode s
of thinking, n>nv influences, and new eneigy wilfr ,
change and fashion the southern States. And j
hoW'inany prisoneisof war have we bioughtfrom j
the South to the Noah, whose eyes have been i
opened, and whose misconceptions have been re- j
moved. Amor.g the pnsuneis of war not long i
since brought to a western town, the prevailing i
misconception was evidenced. A prisoner from
Mississippi asked a boy to give him some water to ;
drink from a gutter; ho expected no humanity m \
the North. The boy filled his canteen with pure 1
sparkling water fiom a neighboring pump,and so ,
common a courtesy deeply impressed the rccipi- '
cnt, who said lie had not expected kind treatment |
from Yankees. They will eatry back with them ;
a better knowledge of the Noith, and the inter-
communication will bem fit all. Fur the good thus 1
produced we pay heavily m human sacrifices, but .
it may afford some cause of giatulation that some :
good will spring from such monstrous evil. '
One of the many questions in the West, and,
perhaps, one of the leading ones, which was made '
to operate on our elections, was the ten thousand
stories magnified, bad as they are, of the pecuia- ,
tion and thieving going on under the Admmistra- j
tion. Well, sir, war bring* with it,among other !
evils,always this. Itissaid thatduring the French
Revolution it was ascertained, upon a settlement of
their accounts, that over twenty per cent, of the
public motley spent by the Government was taken
by swindlers and speculators beyond what the
contracts lawfully would amount to. I suppose
Senators are familiar with the history of th^last
four ycais, and are aware of the famous frauds
committed upon the Austrian Government in 1859.
The Austrian Government had under the eaves of
the famous four forts, the quadrilateral forts, at
one time about six hundred thousand men. It
was under those forts that Napoleon made his
treaty of Villa Franca. Those six hundred thou-
sand men had been fed there, and had to rely on
cattle killed inside of those forts for about nine
months. Six hundred thousand men, of course,
consumed a great many cattle in nine months.
One company had the contract for the hides, an- 1
other company furnished the cattle. It was as-
ceitained on the settlement of the accounts that
e\cry beef had been driven in at one gate, then
thiough a second gate, and (hen a third gate, and
thus been counted tlnee times, and the ftaud on
the Austrian Government was forty-two million
florins, or $1^,000,000 m oui money, in the single
aiticle of cattle. Senatois are aware of the facts
brought to light in the English Pailiament in re-
gard to the Crimean war. In the single article of
brogan boots and shoes, the fiauds on the Eng-
lish Government during the Crimean war, as offi-
cially ascertained, were over five null ions of money.
It )?> so stated by a late writer.
Mr. Pi evident, notwithstanding all that has been
done by this Congiess, consuming neai ly half the
time of the last session, to devise ways and means
to detect and punish speculators and soulless men
who aie robbing the Ti easurv, coi i upti n is still
stalking abroad at noonday, "arrayed in purple
) sire to enjoy their rights under the ConstUutiba,
' they havfc it in their power to do so at ®nce-^the
I door is open before them. They have but to ac-
! cept of the invitation of the President, lay dowjn
1 their arms, and return to their allegiance to the
• Government, and they will find at once that the
; Constitution is the palladium of their rights and
; liberties. But, on the other hand, if they spurn
il this invitation, and persist in their barbarous re-
!i bellion, they can claim no rights under the Con-'
1 stitution—they make themselves outlaws. The
| Constitution is to them the stone of the Scrip-
, turcs: if they fall upon it they shall be saved;
i but if it falls upon them, it will grind them to
j powder.
i Now, Mr. President, it may be asked—-and
that question I desire to answer in a brief, sum-
mary manner—what is to be the end of all this;
when are these things to cease ? I answer, first,
1 the war is not to cease until we secure the salva-
I tion of every inch of the territory of this country.
; Dark as the hour may be, who can tell what may
j be accomplished in the day of peril by the energy
; of a free people fighting for right and humanity?
1 I know that many men seem to despond. We
! hear upon the streets, as we go through the busy
i multitude, occasionally a man desponding. I can
j conceive how a man might despair on any other
• subject but his country.
! But, sir, is there anything in the history of the
; past eighteen months which should make us de-
i spotul ' Is there anything that should make us
j go with the head bowed down ? True, the wail-
ing, the weeping, the mourning in the land is
' enough fo make sad the heart of every patriot;
; but has the Govci nment accomplished nothing?
! But little more than eighteen months ago an Ad-
l ministration went out of powoi which, according
to the language of Mr. Douglas, had secession in
and fine linen." One fact, however, must he ob- ji its very midst, for over twelve months planning
served .that all this coi rupnon is not accomplished
by one pany. In my experience as a public man
foi thuty years, I have found that in sueh times
as this, when peculation goes on it generally goes
on by pairs. As the beasts went into Noah's
ark, our plunderers go in two and two, a Demo-
crat and a Republican.
But, Mr. President, we must if possible get rid
of th is bi ood of fi and ulent speculators, peculators,
and thieves, who arc constantly amassing their ill-
gotten gains by fraud < upon the public Treasm y.
To-day they at c hanging like v.unpyres upon the
body politic, and aie fast sat king a v. ay the h ft
blood of the nation. Like the fi ogs of Egypt, they
" have come up over all I he land," and are lurking
in almost cury department of the Government.
These heart less "villains aie carrying on tinir
schemes of public plunder even now, while the
nation is making every sacrifice and snuggling
for its very existence; even amid the groans of
the dying on a hundred battle-fields, and while the
widow's waii is going up over all the land. No
vvoiuhr the honest patriots of the country hav(
grown sick at heart while brooding over this great
A lighteous stoi m of indignation is brew-
for disruption, taking your guns, sending your
Navy off into distant seas, so that when this Ad-
ministration came into power there was no Navy
at hand, no money in the Treasury, no Army to
fight the battles of the country; and have we ac-
complished nothing? Sir, I rejoice that we have
a Government to-day, and I rejoice still more that
one half of the territory claimed by the rebels is
now under the national flag. I rejoice to know
that we have made a blockade of three thousand
miles, the greatest blockade the world has ever
seen, and so effective that no nation in Europe
calls it m question. I rejoice to believe that we
have possession of the great city at the mouth of
the Mississippi. I rejoice that we have an Army,
that we have a Government, that we have a coun-
try, that we have a currency, and if we do our
duty we shall be able to sustain the currency and
the country; and, thank God, we are living this
day to do something to bring about the salvation
of our glorious Republic.
I am no mihtaiy man; but if my opinions were
worth anything, 1 should like to have seen the
army on the Rappahannock and on the Potomac
stand still. I want to see the Mississippi opened.
ing, and cannot be long delayed. The people j' ! want to see Louisiana, Texas, Aikansas, and
demand the't we at (nice wage a war of extermin-
ation upon these miserable vampyrc miscreants,
and sweep them from the country and from the
face of the earth, to receive the doom of devils
damned.
If we really love our country, we must be as
intent upon getting rid of these cankerous sores
as we are m making war upon those in armed re-
be]]jon. And not until this is done can we hope
fo sit down m happiness and safely, " under our
vine and under our fig tree."
I may say further on this point, that I have
every evidence- that the President and his Cabinet
Missouri cut off from the cotton icgion. I know
that theie is not a foot of grazing land in the
southern confederacy when yon cut those States
off from cottondom. I know that over two hun-
dred thousand head of cattle have crossed atVicks-
buig from the grazing region west of the Missis-
sippi, to give life to this rebellion, m the last twelve
months. I want the Mississippi river opened
by western boys; as it soon will be, in my judg-
ment. Then 1 want to see those rivers which go
up into the heart of cottondom lined with our gun-
boats. Jn other words, I mean this: I wanttosee
one hundred thousand slaveholders running one
way, and I want to see a million of negroes run-
.ire doing everything they can to detect and pumsli
fiauds; but gentlemen will see, when they look j' ning the other. [Applause in the galleries.]
over the history of other countries, how utterly j! The VICE PRESIDENT. Ordei !
impossible it is to leach all thecas^s of swindling j1 Mr. WRIGHT. I want to strike the heartof
h OTiu. We may legislate here, we may the rebellion. I want to get around its throat;
provide law aftev law, but, in spite of all we can
do, impioper influences will be brought to bearto
obtain contracts, and improper men w«!l obtain
them, and the Government will be dcfiauded; and
the party out of power seizes upon every such
case, and represents it so as to poison the public
mind; not because that so doing will advance the
inteiest of the country, but simply that they may
get into power.
If the people of the rebellious States really de-
and when you do that, and not before, will you
;( see daylight. I want to see five hundred thousand
!' bristling bayonets directed against the heart of the
! rebellion. Then I want to see another thing done
i, in the South: I want to see no disloyal man left
1 behind our armies as they advance. Gentlemen
i may talk about conciliation; they may talk about
I! this policy and the other; but you must come to
fl itsooncrorlater. This may be a war of cxterm-
!; ination*, but this country has to be saved, cost
