1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
in currency. Why make this discrimination? Why
say that the circulating notes are more valuable by
eleven per cent, than the very securities on which
they are based ? This is surely-depreciating our
own bonds. Look at it a moment. The bonds
of the United States are deposited with the Comp-
troller, and he gives to the depositors ninety per
cent, of their value in circulating notes, which by
this law are-Tedeemable in legal tender notes, and
they, at the present moment, are at a discount of
forty per cent, on coin. It seems to me it is not
wise or sound in principle to make this discrimin-
ation. If you believe that every cent of the Gov-
ernment debt, whether it has existence in le^al
tender notes, certificates of indebtedness, or in the
better form of bonds, will be paid—boldly, man-
fully, and in every form, assert it. The public
faith must be kept inviolable,
I pause to remark that this bill permits the as-
sociations organized under it to charge the rate of
interest for discounts on ail loans that are the ex-
isting legal rates in the States where they maybe
located. Perhaps it is not feasible to change that,
but it would be a great public boon to the western
States if they could get money on loans at a low
rate of interest, as no agricultural community can
afford to pay more than six or seven percent, for
money. And it would be of national advantage
if the rate of interest could be made uniform
throughout the United States. I will also add that
this whole system is based on the idea of a per-
manent public debt, an idea which is totally op-
posed to the traditional policy of the country. I
hope yet to see the day when our public debt shall
be, if not entiiely extinguished, in rapid progress
of extinguishment-, and then, if this system shall
be put in operation and survive so long, it must
fall to the ground.
It may not be deemed wise by strict economists
that a scheme should be concocted to induce cap-
italists to embark in these associations for the pur-
pose of circulating §300,000,000 of currency, and
that to accomplish it $12,000,000 in coin should
be paid them by the Government on the bonds sub-
stituted for that amount of its own notes. Why
not save that money to the Treasury, and keep
the legal tender notes in circulation? I humbly
conceive that these legal tender notes, derided and
depreciated as they are, and selling at such a large
discount, are more vaiuable.than even the notes
which may be issued by the Comptroller of the
Currency to banking associations.
If our lands, onr Kums, our houses, our per-
sonal propeity are worth anything, those notes
are worth their full intrinsic designation, as out-
all is pledged for their ultimate ledemption. This
system demands a total annihilation of the pres-
ent banking institutions of die country. It is of
no force, no effect, no value, unless those institu-
tions are driven out of existence. I say to my
colleague f:om the Erie district that the assertion
that there is no coeicive feature in this bill is de-
lusive. lie well knows that in another measure
now pending there is a disputed proposition to
tax bank calculation out of existence; and it de-
pends on you, Air. Speaker, and on you alone,
in the appointment of a conference committee,
whether that feature of the finance bill is or is not
adopted. What is the intention of the Secretary
of the Treasury? I do him no injustice when I
assert that it is to force out of existence institu-
tions that arc now in thriving operation through-
out the countiy, that have largely "aided the
Government with private capita!," and that are
successfully and satisfactorily carrying on the
operations and business of the people. Is it wise
to force into liquidation State banks that pobsess
$75,000,000 in coin, as a preparation for the speedy
resumption of specie payments when this cruel
civil war is fortunately terminated? Is itc!:-?cieet
to drive that immense sum of coin into holes and
corners, and all for the sake of creating associa-
tions that shall keep legal tender notes in then-
vaults ? What amazing folly !
Mr. Speaker, no one can depict the deplorable
distress and ruin that will overwhelm and afflict
the people if this measure be carried into opera-
tion, and if the present banking institutions are
hastily and by overpowering taxation duvcn out
of existence. Those institutions are woven into
our social life. They are part of our very exist-
ence. The daily bread of orphans and widows
depends upon them; and they aid and assist in
all onr m&hamcal, manufacturing, and agricul-
tural pursuits. They are the very blood and life
of our trade and commerce.
Can one for a moment doubt that the same
overbearing, determined will which is striving to
force this measure through an obedient Congress
will not now or hereafter bring about that disas-
trous result?
Sir, notwithstanding what may have been said
on either side, here or elsewhere, there is present
content and prosperity in the loyal States of the
Union. There is content and there is prosperity,
because the ordinary business and affairs of our
varied communities have not been interrupted,
and because we have not witnessed the horrors of
war or felt its devastating and direful effects, save
in the melancholy waste of human life. Far from
the scene of action, we have dwelt in security and
in entire confidence on the prowess of the brave
and noble soldiers that have gone forth in our
defense.
" The gay laugh, the solemn brood of cart* plod on,
And eacii one, us before,chases hisfavoutr phantom."
The brilliant gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Vooiiiiees] kindly warned this side of the House
to heed the recent verdict of the ballot-box. I
have heard that verdict, and although nota victim,
think 1 thoroughly understand its full import. It
was simply a verdict in favor of the unlicensed
sale of liquors and a free distillation of hops and
grain. In short, it was a verdict against a portion
of the internal revenue bill. In my State, and
doubtless the same condition of things existed
elsewhere, the liquor dealers' association, acting
with the Democratic party, won the recent elec-
tions. I do not like to be uncharitable, but 1 am
constrained to believe that many of the Demo-
cratic members elected to the next Congress are
pledged to vole for the repeal of the license ,laws
and leduction of the excise duties, to requite ser-
vices rendered. That measure of taxation which
the authois of the rebellion made necessary—the
internal revenue bill—and not the policy of the
Executive, the measures of Congress, or the con-
duct of the war, was the prime cause of the defeat
of that party which heic and elsewhere has nobly
and gloiiousiy sustained the Administration.
We need in many quarters abetter currency,
ami*! would like to see all the States of the Union
adopt the free bankingsystem of the State of New
York in its present completeness and perfection.
It has been amended to meetaml remedy the prac-
tical defects that were not foreseen when it first
went into operation, and it now commands the
entire approbation of all the people of the State.
They desiie no alteration of the system. Other
States, in adopting the system which works so
admirably, might use the bonds of the United
States as a basis and security for theircirculation.
This would create a large demand for the securi-
ties of the General Government. If it were desir-
able to have bank bills of uniform appearance,
that- could very easily be arranged by the State
j' institutions. Let me again allude to the provision
j| of the free banking law requiring all banks tore-
deem their circulation at u cential or fixed point.
By selecting the chief commercial city of a State
for that purpose, the country merchant and trader
is enabled to dispose of the currency taken in bus-
iness or trade, or purchase therewith bills of
exchange on distant points to pay an indebted-
ness without loss or inconvenience. To complete
the system suggested, and without danger to our
business or the public weal, a national associa-
tion, with a branch in each principal city of the
jj Union, on the same principles, might be estab-
ji lished with a moderate capital of twenty or thirty
i| million dollars.
jj The circulation of that association should be
ti obtained from the Treasury Department on a de-
| posit of United States Bonds, ami that currency
j should be redeemed at each of its branches. Tins
; would give a uniform currency so far as needed,
! and facilitate the payment of debts at all points,
i The national association and its branches might
i be properly used as depositories of the public
j money, and thus promptly aid in the collection
j and payment of all public dues. I do not think
i it sound policy to divorce the funds of the Gov-
j ernment from those of the people. Such a sys-
i tem as I have briefly and imperfectly sketched
j would facilitate and regulate exchanges, safely
; keep and disburse the public moneys, furnish the
1 people with a sound and uniform currency, give
| confidence and stability to mercantile and finan-
cial affairs, and at the same time, by its diffusion
of power, be in full harmony with thejpirit and
genius of our political institutions.
Mr. Speaker, this bill proposes to confer on each
Secretary of the Treasury, now and hereafter, by
the manner and extent of its patronage, most ex*
traordiuary political power—a power great and
wide-spread. It proposes also to confer on him vast
discretionary power as to trade and commerce.
The seventeenth section of the act provides that
one half of the said $300,000,000 of circulation
shall be apportioned according to representative
population, and the other half shall be apportioned
by the Secretary of the Treasury among associa-
tions formed in the several States, with only the
saving clause, "having due regard to the existing
banking capital, resources, and business" of such
States. Under the piovisions of this section the
great city of New York, with a present banking
capital of$70,000,000, would receive less than four
millions of bank circulation, and then depend en-
tirely on the good will and pleasure of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as to whether their resources
and business requirements were duly regarded.
This is a monstrous proposition.
Now, sir, let me direct attention to the magni-
tude of the trust and extent of power which this
act contrives to place in the hands of one individ-
ual, who, at the rime, for one or many genera-
tions, shall be Comptroller of the Currency. It
proposes to give him the custody and control of
the securities for all the banking capital of the
country, and consequently of all its business of
every form and character in all its varied and
minute ramifications throughout the length and
breadth of the land.
'• A breath may make and a breath unmake us all."
Public confidence is held by a very slender and
delicate thread, which the slightest motion may
agitate, and that the weight of an atom may dis-
turb. Within a very short period, fresh in the
uiemoiy of all, occunxsd the panic of 1857. No
country had at thai* period within itself greater
resources, more matenal wealth, or more vital ele-
ments of prosperity. It had been a season of un-
paralleled abundance. The latter and the former
rains had fallen on the seed sown by the husband-
man; the genial rays of the sun had warmed that
seed into life, and H had increased some fifty and
some an hundred-fold, and our garners were full.
The land smiled with plenty, and our country
was blessed with universal peace. And yet what
followed? A wild panic, caused by the failure of
one trust company. And that failure was caused
by the misapplication by one man of the funds of
that institution.
The needless alarm and fatal apprehension that
ensued in regard to all corporations was senseless
and its manifestation absurd. The panic could
not be checked, but ran a wild career, and the
losses caused by it amounted tonotless than two
hundred million dollars.
With the recollection of such a disaster, and
with the painful lecollection of such grave defal-
cations as have marred our notional'career, it is
not prudent to adopt the suggestions of this meas-
ure m regard to the custody of $345,000,000 of
bonds, as ultimately contemplated by the act.
Should not some other provision be made for the
safe custody of those bonds ? With a Comptroller
or Secretary unworthy of the trust the slender
reed on which this system is based would break
and involve all in one common ruin. Sir, I am
sternly opposed to placing the whole business and
all the financial interests of the country in such
jeopardy or at such u hazard.
But enough, Mr. Speaker. I believe this meas-
ure is wholly unnecessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment and aid in the prosecution of the war.
It can give no immediate lelief to our finances,
and is very imperfect as a measure to accomplish
5 the object of its advocates, it cannot alleviate
! any of the burdens of the war. And it is calcu-
I lated to interfere with satisfactory banking regu-
| lations in most of the States. I cannot, therefore*
^ive it my support. During my term I have only
i twice trespassed on the time and attention of the
j House, and then only to state my views in re*
| gard to the management of our national finances.
P Those views have not been changed by time or
jj circumstance. I still think that the management
I; of our finances, by resorting only to temporary
|| expedients, has been grossly and radically wrong.
I! I believe from the very outbreak of the rebellion
