204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
what it may. If the Army had cut off the rail-
roads in tiie South when it had possession of
them; if the fire and the sword and the fagot, if
necessary, had been used to take the means of the
rebels out of their possession, you would have
been nearer peace to-day than you are.
Sir, I thank God for another thing: it is that we
have now a general in the Army who is equal, I
believe, to the present emergency; one who is
fighting for his country, and notfor the Presidency.
I am glad to know that we have a general who can
show that by his side one or more of his staff of-
ficers have fallen; a general who dare, in the dark
moment of his late terrible battle, which has so
thrilled the country, fly through the midst of the
conflict, heading, in the trying, trembling moment,
with Napoleonic courage, his heroic cavalrymen
and lead them through flame and sword toacrown-
ing and glorious victory. 1 will give his name.
It is General Rosecrans, the hero of Murfrees-
boro\ [Applause in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order must be pre-
served.
Mr. WRIGHT. Sir, if my humble voice could
have any effect, I should be willing to have our
western boys taken from the Potomac, for I do
not want them to learn the bad habits which are
engendered in this part of the country. I want
them to go where there is something to do, whore
they may assist in opening the great river of the
West, so that the cotton, the rice, and the sugar
may pour out, and we may cut off the wealth of
the rebellion from its heart, and then, with our
boa-constrictor around them, drawing it closer
and closer—always offering them terms if they
will lay down their arms—we may see daylight
before six months.
Iam constantly asked, is there no danger of
intervention ? Sir, let me tell you that there is no
danger of intervention if we take care of ourselves.
I do not apprehend any trouble from any foieign
nation, if we but do our own duty. A. country
that has raised six hundred thousand volunteers
in thirty days need not be afraid of a nation that
could not raise six hundred thousand in thirty
years. I have no fears in that direction. I will
say, however—for I notice that this doctrine of
intervention has become rather a popular theme
within the last few weeks—that, foi one, I will
never consent to allow any nation on earth to in-
terfere in this struggle, or settle it. Let Ameri-
cans settle A.merican difficulties. There is no Gov-
ernment on earth capable of interfering in this
question. No other has drunk at the proper fount-
ain of the capabibty of man for self-government.
And I am willing, for one, to lay down the doctrine
that this controversy shall be settled at home, and
that no nation on earth has a right to interfere or
give its advice. But, sir, \ will tell you when I
expect intervention from abroad, if we do our
duty. We shall have H precisely when we rcach
this point—a point that we ought to have reached
months ago—when the armies of the rebellion
shall have been put down, and there is nothing
left but a guerrilla warfare. Europe is committed
against guerrilla warfare, and there is enough
Christianity and civilization in the people of that
continent to make the governing Powers repress
it. It is of course impossible for this Government
to defend a line of two thousand miles against
guerrillas. If we had an airny of four millions
we couid not do it. The guerrillas could slip over
at night, rob a store, and be back in the morning.
On so extensive a line, depredations could be con-
stantly committed. It must be leeollee.ted that
the line between these States is not like the line
You have not appealed aright to the patriotic heart
of the people. You have appealed to selfish mam-
mon. If this war should bring up the manhood
, of the nation, if this war should bring back to us
; the patriotism of our fathers, we can well say
' there has been some good done.
I  conclusion, what is the demand of the hour?
What is the prayer thatleaps this day from all the
hearts of the loyal people of the whole land ? It
is, if I may here answer the interrogatory, that
those who are in authority should feel, as they feel,
a profound, intense appreciation of the perils that
environ our national life, and for all to rise to that
grand elevation, that sublime consciousness, that
we are a nation and not a party; that this great
war is being prosecuted not for party aggrandize-
ment or men who are partisans, but for national
preservation, honor, greatness, perpetuation,and
power; teaching, through every act, the great mind
and heart of the American people, our national
existence as supreme over party, supreme over
every other interest, and that no power, no inter-
est should stand in the way of our nation's unity,
her laws and Constitution, which a wicked rebel-
lion is trying to desnoy.
1 was abroad, Mr. President, when this contro-
versy broke out. I gave my opinion before I loft
the Old World, and I have seen nothing to change
: that opinion fiom that time to the present. Re-
: garding the President and his Administration, as
the representative of the unity, the power, and the
strength of this Government, I have stood by them.
True, I have differed from many of their meas-
ures; I have differed from the majority ot the Sen-
ate on many questions; but I have nevei seen a
measure presented which I honestly believed was
calculated to strike the heart of this rebellion, to
carry the Army of the United States to victory,
that I have not been willing to go with any man,
or any party, in Us support. I stood by McClel-
lan when he was attacked m the Senate; I have
stood by Burnside; and if it be true that that fa-
mous war-horse," Joe Hooker," is at the head of
the army of the Potomac, I stand by him. I am
for whoever commands the Army of the country
in this hour.
Now, Mr. President, to conclude—for I see that
I have detained the Senate longer than I intended—
whatever may be the end of this terrible contest,
I at least have the consciousness of knowing that
in every aet, from the time I left the Old Woild to
this moment, I have attempted, in my humble
way, to sustain those in power, and to sustain my
country in this its trying hous. I have entered
no party caucus; 1 have known no party name;
and, God being my judge, I will not until we have
a country redeemed and saved, in all that has
been done, 1 have at least the consciousness of
knowing that m this contestl have laboied with an
eye single to the good of my country, and I have
paid no attention to personalities. Having been
in political life for many years. I have learned to
let personalities pass by. And now, sir, what-
ever may be the result of this controversy, I can
only repeat, in the fullness of my lieai t, the patri-
otic and beautiful sentiment of the young repub-
lican of France:
t: If Cafsir had civen me glory m war,
And I must abandon Uie love of my mother,
I would >ay to gioat Cai^nr,
Take t!i) fccoptci and c;u ;
J prefer my luothei ; ah ! me,
I pn fer my mother
" itfy mothei is the Republic! my mothfr is the repub-
lic
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, at the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from New Jer-
between Kentucky and Indiana, a river; it is a j sey, [Mr. Field,] who has had to leave the Sen-
meie ideal line. My judgment is, that the mo- i ate, 1 move that the further consideration of this
ment you drive the armies of the rebellion south- j subject be postponed until to-morrow at one
ward, the moment they become mere guerrilla ]j o'clock, and be made the special order for that
parties, that moment England and France will jj hour, at which time he will address the Senate;
say to them, (t you are land pirates, and you have . [ and 1 may lake occasion to ask the indulgence of
got to stop this controversy." That moment I j
look for intervention, and not sooner. j
Mr. President, Heaven only knows what may ;
grow out of this war; but if it should result in
bringing up the manhood of the nation, and the |
patriotism of the nation, it will be a rich and a hup- j
py consummation. Senators will remember that I !
have never favored the system of paying extrav- !
agant bounties to soldiers. I am willing to pay
our soldiers well. But, Senators, in all earnest-
ness and in ail sobriety, I must say that in my
judgment you have committed one great error.
the Senate, after he shall have concluded, in ref-
| erence to the same subject-matter.
J Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The motion
i now is to postpone this bill until to-morrow, and
j make it the special order.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the pend-
1 ing motion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state to the Senator
! from Massachusetts that the Senator from New
j Jersey had to leave the Senate a few minutes ago,
j and lequested me to make this motion. I did it
i at his request.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to making special
orders. I hope the Senate will not make this bill
a special order.
The question being put, a division was called for.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I beg to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Delaware that nobody has any objec-
tion to the postponement. The objection is to
making the bill a special order. The Senator ef-
fects his purpose just as well by having the bill
postponed, without having it made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Although, out of courtesy
to my friend from New Jersey, I am willing to
postpone this bill, and make it the special order
for to-morrow, if that motion shall be insisted
upon, I trust that it will be withdrawn. It may
be necessary to-morrow, or at any day, to call up
certain important financial bills, or military bills,
that should be disposed of. I hope, therefore, this
bill will be simply allowed to lie over, without its
being made a special order; and I have no doubt
the Seriate will, by courtesy, allow the Senator
from New Jersey to have his own time to speak
on this or any other bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I feel no interest in the
matter myself. I only made the motion because
I was requested to make it. If gentlemen on the
other side of the House think Jt better not to make
; the bill a special order, I have no desire on the
subject, and am perfectly willing that it shall be
merely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
no modify his motion ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on postponing the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. I think it is certainly due to
! the honorable Senator from New Jersey that he
! should be allowed an opportunity to address the
5 Senate to-morrow on this bill, if he chooses to do
so, as he had the floor to-day, and yielded it to
the honorable Senator from Indiana, as a matter
of courtesy. I trust, however, that the bankrupt
bill will not be forgotten in this disposition of this
bill. I shall vote against making the present bill
a special order, because if we begin to make a
special order over the bankrupt bill, I am afraid
it will lose its place, and be forgotten. I trust it
will be the general understanding that the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey may go on to-
morrow, at one o'clock, without any special vote
on the subject.
Mr. W iLS0N,of Massachusetts. I take it that
no member of the Senate will object to the Sena-
tor from New Jersey going on to-morrow; there
will be no trouble about that; but I do not like
, very much to make this bill a special order. Still,
! if the bill was of any importance, J think it ought
j to be passed. I shall to-morrow propose to amend
it by striking it all out after the enacting clause,
I and inserting the indemnity bill passed by the
| House of Representatives at this session. That,
' I think, is a very important bill, and it ought to
be passed at once. As to this bill as it now stands,
I must say that I care nothing about it. I do not
i know that I have any anxiety to try these pris-
oners. Most of the political prisoners have been
discharged; and the greater portion now under
arrest have been arrested for frauds upon the Go y-
j eminent: and I want them tried m the manner m
' which the Government sees fit to do it. I think,
i therefore, we had better not make this bill a spe-
, cial order; but I have no doubt that the Senate
| will consent to-morrow that the Senator from New
Jersey shall have the floor, and then I propose to
! move to strike out the whole of this bill, and see
, if we cannot get a vote upon the simple question
] of indemnifying the officers of the Government
! for suspending the writ of habeas corpus.
! Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I hearconsiantly
j a talk about special orders. Many Senators are
| very much opposed to making anything a special
• order. Now, I do not see that it makes the least
j difference m the world whether you make a meus-
j ure a special order or fail to do so. It is under
; the control of the Senate at all times, whether you
i make it a special order or not, and it does not
I make the least difference; and yet Senators will
I divide upon that, and debate it as though it was
I a matter of importance. I know it is not. We
constantly dispose ot special orders as we do of
anything else; we postpone them for other meas-
ures, and they aieof no kwre authority than would
