1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
be a bare vote postponing a measure to a future
time without making it a special order. I do not
care which way it is done; but that question con-
stantly comes up, and is debated as though there
was a difference between making a measuie a spe-
cial order and leaving it for the Senate to take it
up or lay it aside, as they please. 1 do not care
whether this bill is made the special order or not.
I am willing to vote to make it the special order
for to-morrow, or to vote to postpone it until then,
for it does not make any difference, in my judg-
ment, which we do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate to withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays? That will be regarded as the sense of the
Senate if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none. The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed until to-morrow at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES ANDERSON".
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask the indulgence
of the Senate to call up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of Charles
Andeison was defeated, so that we may have a
vote upon it. In conversation with several Sen-
ators, I find that there was a general misunder-
standing in regard to some of the circumstances
of the case when it was up before, and I hope the
Senate will do itself the justice to reconsider the
vote on that bill. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the motion of Mr. Da\is, to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 4:27)
for the relief of Charles Anderson, assignee of
John James, of Texas, was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will statu again to the
Senate the circumstances of this case. This is
a private hill for the relief of Charles Anderson,
and appropriates a little over a thousand dollars.
Charles Anderson was a citizen of Texas, for-
merly from Ohio. He was a very wealthy citi-
zen of Texas, owning a large plantation, as they
call it there, and a gieat quantity of jive stock,
horses, cattle,&c. During the can vim of 1S60, as
is well known lo almost e\ery Senatoi, he made
strong Union speeches, and he became wry ob-
noxious to many people theie, the secessionists
especially. As soon as Texas undertook to go
out of the Union, Charles Anderson was hunted,
hounded fioui his home. He was finally ariested,
and all his pre.petty was s ized; but aftuward,
by some arrangement or other, he again came in
possession of his property. Then, subsequently,
after General Twiggs had surrendered our army,
Mr. Andeison was served by a committee, such
as they have m that n-gion of country, with a no-
tice that he must leave. He undertook to make
preparations to leave. He sold all his propeity,
amounting to several thousand dollars, to a friend
of his who had an acknowledged claim against the
Government. At the time, there was no other
mode by which he could realize anything from
his property. It was in his possession, belong-
ing to him, and yet he knew that he would be
compelled to leave Texas, abandon all his piop-
erty, and escape piobably baiely with his life.
Under these circumstances, he sold this personal
property to a person, named in the bill, who had
a claim against the Government which had been
recognized, acknowledged, and liquidated; a claim
approved, I believe, before 1860, for a debt due
for the rent of certain property used by the forces
of the United States near and adjacent to one of
the public forts. There was no doubt about the
debt, and it would have been paid in the ordinary
course of business if presented at the Department;
but it seems that in the session of 1S60-61, the
Senate struck out all the appropriations of money
for Texas, and with the other appropriations fell
this appropriation for contingent expenses, &c.,
of the military service m Texas, outof which this
claim could have been paid.
Charles Anderson came away from Texas. Prob-
ably the circumstances of Ins escape are well
known. He escaped through Mexico, leaving all
his property, and having nothing at all for any
portion of his property, except this claim of about
a thousand dollars against the Government. He
came here and he presented if to the Quartermas-
ter General. The Quartermaster General certified
that, it was correct, and that it would usually be
paid in the ordinary course of business at his
office, but on account of the neglect of the Senate
to make the usual appropriation for the military
service in Texas, he- could not pay it, and appli-
cation must be made to Congress. I have the pa-
pers here in my possession. Charles Anderson
afterwards went into the service of the United
States. He became a colonel of one of our regi-
ments of Ohio volunteers. He has distinguished
himself in various battles, fighting for his country,
and he was in the recent battle at Murfreesboro'.
Some of the Senators who heard my statement
before, supposed there was a doubt as to whether
or not Charles Anderson was loyal. There can
be no doubt about this, that he lias submitted to
as great sacrifices as any man in this country, that
he is now fighting for his country, that he left hiss
family, ho left lus property, he left all that was
dear to him, and fled from Texas. The only ob-
jection raised to this claim was the one math1 by
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Chimes.] that per-
haps the man to whom it was originally due, the
person who assigned it to Anderson, wasdisloyal.
There is no evidence upon the papers that the as-
signor was disloyal—none whatever. There is a
mere allegation here of a possibility that he may
have been disloyal. Now, if the "United States
seek to avoid the payment of an honest, just debt,
a debt which they admit to he due to a loyal and
true citizen, a debt acquired by him in the ordi-
nary course of business—if they seek to defeat
that claim by saying that the assignor was dis-
loyal, they ought at least to prove that fact; but
there is no allegation on the papers and there is
no proof that the assignor was disloyal. It was
a claim due to him before the rebellion broke out,
due now to a loyal citizen, due to a man who has
nothing else to leprcscnt that which the Govern-
ment ought to have protected him in enjoying, and
1 say therefore it ought to be promptly paid. ■
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to ask whether the instrument of assign-
ment is propeiiy made out and authenticated''
Mr. SHERMAN". It is in proper form. Here
is the written contract with the officer of the Gov-
emmenr. The Senator can examine the papers.
Mr. HOWARD. But I mean the assignment
from the original owner of the claim to Mr. An-
derson.
■ Mi. SHERMAN. Yes, sii; itis all made out
in tegular form. I have it here in mv Iinnd.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the date of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the original con-
ti act, togt ther with the assignment and the ap-
proval of General Twiggs, and afterwards of the
Quaiterniaster General. Heie is the assignment
itself:
For value received, I a^ign thi« claim against the United
rifaics tor back rents to Ciiarles Amlci.-.on oi ortlei.
s : JOHN JAMES.
P J. Edmonds,
S. W. Cat,invar,r,.
There is no date to the assignment, but, as I said
before, it occurred about the time and just before
Charles Anderson was driven out of Texas. At
that time there was no law confiscating or appro-
priating debts due by the United States to disloyal
citizens, imd Chailes Andeison has a just and
valid claim against the United States for the loss
of all his property—not a claim that he can enforce
hoic, or which nations recognize, but a claim
founded in good morals, for ail his property. He
sacrificed the whole of his property by reason of
his loyalty. If James is a disloyal citizen,as the
Senator from Iowa thinks he may possibly be,
then the United States have since that time con-
fiscated this very property, and the United States
may now seize this very property and sell Has
the property of James, a disloyal citizen; and will
it then turn around and refuse to pay this little
consideration, the only consideration that Charles
Anderson received? Anderson has no further
right to this pioperty; it belongs to James. If
James is a loyal citizen, he is entitled to the prop-
erty. If he \h a disloyal citizen, it is the duty of
the Government to seize the property under its
laws,and payAndctson hisdebtwithoutobjection.
I was satisfied, at the time tins biil was up be-
fore, that on account of the incompleteness of my
explanation,and the fact that it was not generally
understood, the Senate refused to pass this bill
from a misapprehension of the true condition of
affairs. Now I say that, legally and equitably, the
Government of the United States ought to pay this
debt. Whether James is a disloyal or loyal citizen
makes no difference; Charles Anderson is loyal,
and this debt is justly due from the United "States
to him.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the question recurred upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It is exceedingly difficult to
oppose the passage of a bill that is designed for
the. benefit of such a man as Charles Anderson..
I know something of him; I know that he is a
clever, excellent man in every respect, a good
lawyer, an eloquent gentleman, an amiable man,
and a patriotic citizen. But all these fine charac-
teristics of Colonel Anderson—General Ander-
son I trust he is by this time, as I think he ought
to be—should not influence our judgment in pass-
ing upon the case. Wc are about, by the passage
of this bill, to establish a precedent that is to gov-
ern our action hereafter,! apprehend. Itis on that
ground that I resisted the passage of it before.
Now, the Senator from Ohio says that I stated
that perhaps James was disloyal. I submit to
him, as an impartial, candid juror, if the facts do
not warrant me in coming to that conclusion.
First, the assignment is not dated. That is a sus-
picious circumstance, and would be regarded in
a comt of law as a badge of fraud.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. 1 find upon examination that I only
saw one of the papers when I stated that the as-
signment was without a date. I found the assign-
ment which I read upon the back of the original
agreement between the United States Government
and James. I also find here among the papers the
agreement between John James and Charles An-
derson, dated September 14, 1861, which sets out
the whole oonsideiation, the description of the
property transferred to James, and the descrip-
tion of the claim assigned to Anderson. The date
I have now given; 1 did not see it before.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, Mr. President, it ap-
pears from the lecord to which the Senator has
just referred, that the transfer was made on the
14th of September, 1861, some months after the
State of Texas had attempted to secede and pre-
tended to secede from the Union, and §ome months
after it had commenced its lebcllion against the
national Government; but even if there had been
no date, the fact that Mr. James was permitted
by the authorities of the State of Texas to hold
this property, whilst Mr. Anderson was not per-
mitted to hold the property that he transferred to
James, would be a sufficient fact, it seems tome,
to justify any one in concluding that James was
not loyal.
Now, sir, I think I could make a very good
argument here to satisfy the Senate that we ought
not in a case of this kind to pay the claims pre-
tended to be held, or even those which were just-
ly held originally by citizens of the rebellions
States against the national Government, and
transferred long after, months after, the State
went into rebellion to men who are really loyal;
but every Senator here is as able to judge of the
propi lety of such a payment as I am. I only seek
to call the attention of members to it, and then let
every Senator decide according to the convictions
of his own judgment. For my own part, I am
constrained to vote against the passage of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I reported this bill
from the Military Committee, and I have no doubt
of the propriety of paying the claim. I think the
loyalty or disloyalty of James has nothing to do
with it. The question is whether Charles Ander-
son is a loyal man. That he is, the fact that he
is in the Army fighting nobly, is sufficient evi-
dence. In 1859 he removed to Texas; he acquired
valuable property there, and was driven out after
the secession of the State. He sold his property
for a claim against the Government, that had
passed all the authorities of the Government,and
been recognized as correct; recognized by Genetal
Meigs, the Quartermaster General. The only
question to my mind is whether we shall repudi-
ate or shall pay an honest debt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against this bill, but
I am not willing to stand in the category that
would be assigned to me by the honorable Senator
from Indiana in doing it, that in voting against
