1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that our permanentsecunties could have been sold
to a large amount, and that the necessity of such
an enormous and profligate issue of Treasury
notes could have been obviated. I favored the
issue of interest-bearing notes to keep them out
of circulation; and I should have been extremely
gratified by the organization of a permanent sink-
ing fund for the ultimate redemption of our large
and accumulating public debt.
Sir, I have a deep and abiding confidence in the
speedy success of our arms, and that success will
overcome all financial distress and all financial dis-
anangements; and that ketones by sea and land
vviil restore the creditof the Government to a high
standard, so that us Treasury may be amply re-
plenished.
1 believe, too, that with the success of the holy
and righteous cause in which we are engaged of
preserving the integrity of the Union and of re-
storing eveiy pai t of tins wide-spread land in com-
plete obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
country, we shall rapidly recuperate from that
prostration winch now overwhelms a large por-
tion of the country, and quiet that discord which
distracts the Hulls of Congiess. I am firmly con-
vinced, moteover, that under an improved sys-
tem of labor, the South will become as productive
an,d prosperous as other portions of our country,
and that with redoubled energy, increased re-
sources, and added wealth, we shall soon recover
from all the disasters of this accursed rebellion
and go on in a career of unmatched glory and re-
nown.
Mr. NOBLE. Mr. Speaker, it is not because
I expect by anything I can say to change a single
vote upon tins bill that 1 now claim the attention
of the [louse, On the contrary, I am .satisfied,
ftom the gteat and uutiiing efforts that are being
made by the Secretary of the Treasury in its favot,
that the passage of this bill is a foregone conclu-
sion; not because it, orany other thing like it, is
demanded by the people, but simply because it js
a pet measure of the present head of that Depart-
ment; and believing as I do that, like all great
paper money schemes, it is fraught with many
evils that must sooner or later fall upon the coun-
try, 1 desire to put myself upon the recoid in
opposition to it, with some of the reasons which
have suggested themselves to my mind against
its adoption,
hi the first place, I do not believe it was ever
intended by the framers of our Constitution to
grant any such power to Congress by that instru-
ment. Let us examine, and see how liberal and
even strained must be the construction of its pro-
visions in order to even claim that such was their
intention. The eighth section of the first article
provides that:
1. u The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
tavi-, diuio>, imposts, awl excises, to pay tin; debts, &c.
2 ' To bonow mone\ on the credit ot the United States.
3. *' To regulate coinnieiee vviih foreign nation* and
among the m;v< k\1 States, and with the Indian tribes.
4 "To I'^taLhi-h a uniform nile of natuiahzntion. and
ummm m law* on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the
Uiutfd States.
5 '• To coin money, leculate the value thereof, and of
foreign <'oni, and fiv the standard of weight-, and measures.
(>. '• To provide lot the punishment of counteifening the
fcecui itie  and ciurent com of the United States."
This is the order in whioh the above clauses
of ihe Constitution appear; and if there -is any
poworgiven to Congress to create a national hank-
ing system it is to be found in some of the above
clauses. The Secretary of the Treasuiy, m ud-
\ oca ting the adoption of the system", has found it
difficult to decide just where the power is to be
found. He says he forbears any extended ar-
gument on its constitutionality; that it is pro-
posed as an auxiliary to the power to borrow
money, as an agency of the power to collect and
disburse taxes, and as an exercise of the power
to regulate commerce, and of the power to regu-
late the value ot com. Thus it will be seen that
he bases his claim of power upon four different
and distinct clauses of the Constitution, sepa-
iately and distinctly divided from each other, and
also divided and separated by the insertion of one
clause between them, which must be admitted to
be entirely foreign to the subject. The Secretary
further says:
"Of the fir-t two <,ource< of power nothing need be said.
The argument relating to them has long been exhausted
and is well known. Of the other two there is not room,
dim does, it seem needful to say much. If Congress can
prescribe the structure, equipment, and management of
vessels u  navigate rivers, flowing between or through dif-
ferent States, as a regulation of commerce, Congress may
a-^urediy determine what currency shall be employed in
the interchange ot their commodities, which is the very
essence of commeice."
There may be much weighty argument in this
reasoning in favor of the constitutional power, but
I think it rather hard to be seen. How the sys-
tem is to be or become auxiliary to the business
of borrowing money on the credit of the Govern-
ment, or the business of collecting taxes, it would,
indeed, seem difficult to determine, and the Sec-
retary has not seen proper to tell us. The Gov-
ernment may obtain money on loan from its own
citizens, from bunks, or from other Governments;
and to the party who has money to loan the only
questions are interest and security. Is the secu-
rity satisfactory ? And is it his interest to make
the loan? Anything, then, that will enable the
Government to give better or more satisfactory
security and to pay better interest may be aux-
iliary to the business of borrowing money. On
the subject of collecting and disbursing taxes it is
difficult to see how this system can possibly have
any beneficial connection whatever with the sub-
ject. There never has been any difficulty in dis-
bursing money when the Government had it to
disburse, even in its palmiest days of prosperity;
and now, when it is deeply involved and every
creditor will be anxious to receivc his dues, there
will be far less prospect of any difficulty m this
respect. Collections are facilitated only by any-
thing that will render the collector more prompt
or the debtor more able and willing to pay; any
other agency than this would seem to be super-
fluous. If it were possible by this agency to col-
lect the taxes imposed by the late excise laws at
less expense than is now incurred, then there
might be some claim, but nothing of that kind is
pietended.
The next two grounds on which the Secretary
bases his claim of constitutionality seem to stand
in about the same relation to the subject, namely,
that it is an exercise of the power to regulate com-
merce and to regulate the valu^ of coin. To reg-
ulate means to adjust oi govern by certain uni-
form inles or lestrictions; it does not mean to
destroy or to create, but merely to govern by cer-
tain rulesoflaw. To reguiatecommeree was never
intended by the framers of the Constitution to
carry with it or include the power to establish a
paper-moneyed banking system merely because
the currency created by such a system might
thereafter be used in paying for the commodities
that might be interchanged by such commerce.
It seems to me that such a chum would be a little
too far fetched to be worthy of any very serious
consideration.
To coin money and regulate the value thereof—
of what? Of the coin thus made. Is it not strange
that anv one should contend at this day that a
paper currency conld in any way affect the real
value of coin? Yet this is one of the principal
claims on which the constitutionality of this bill
is based. Com is, and ever must be, the standard
of all real value the world over; and what our Con-
stitution meant b v giving the power to coin money
was meiely to fix by law the size, shape, quality
of metal, weight, value, and devices that should
charactei ize the different coins that might be au-
thorized by the Governmentof the United States.
This is a power that is possessed and exercised
by all civilized nations; and when confined to us
legitimate purpose is certainly a very necessary
and salutary power, as without it there would
most likely be no uniformity or fixed and certain
value to the coin or currency of the country.
Without it the different kinds of coin might be
so numerous and so various in kinds and values
as to render exchanges very troublesome and vex-
atious. But with its proper exercise, as, for in-
stance, m the case of our own Government, by
fixing the size, weight, quality of metal, and de-
vices of the Federal dollar, both in gold and silver,
and then by adjusting and measuring the value of
all other coins by this, we have a system which
renders exchanges easy and convenient.
These provisions of the Constitution, together
with that other provision in section ten of the first
article, by which it is provided 44 that no State
shall com money, emit bills of credit, or make
anything but goid and silver coin a tender m pay-
ment of debts," satisfy me that it was never the
intention of the framers of the Constitution to
authorize anything to be made a legal tender in
payment of debts, excepting only what I am,
pleased to denominate the good old constitutional
currency of gold and silver. It would be strange!,,
indeed, if it was the intention of the framers of tfic
Constitution, that the Federal Government should
have^he power to issue or authorize to be issued
and put in circulation any other currency which
might be made a legal tender in payment ordetit*
by it, and yet that it should restrict the Sta^es-
from allowing the same money which ,it might
thus provide or authorize to be received as a legal
tender. No one can be convinced for a moment
that it was the intention that the Federal Gov-
ernment should have power to create a currency
which the States should not have the right to give
as much credit to as might be given to it by the
Federal Government. The proposition js prepos-
terous, and will not bear the test of reason. If
this had been the intention of the framers of the
Constitution, instead of providing that nothing
but gold and silver should be made a legal tender
m payment of debts, they would have provided
that nothing but gold and silver coin and such
other currency as might be authorized by law of
Congress should be received in payment of debts.
So much for the constitutionality of tire question,
Mr. Speaker, impelled by a sincere desire to do
what I can to avert the calamities that mustinevi*
tably follow a further expansion of the paper
money system in any shape, I trust I shall be par-
doned for trespassing a little further upon the time
of the House.
If we can have any confidence whatever in the
uniform reports we have from the rebel govern-
ment at Richmond and its financial policy, now
carrying it swiftly into hopeless bankruptcy—our
own home Government, here at the Federal city,
seems to be running a tilt with that rebel concern,
and almost keeps pace with it in all the destruct-
ive schemes which are sure to bring hopeless ruin
upon the financial prospects of the country. I
think no one will deny that this banking scheme
is, at least, of questionable constitutionality; and
if any one will tell me now how it can aid and
assist the Government in the absorption of na-
tional loans to a greater extent than the present
existing banking institutions, which are proposed
to be stricken down and supplanted by it, I will
freely acknowledge that he has done more than
I have yet heard from any of the advocates of this
measure, cither in this House or at the other end
of this Capitol, or, I will add, even from the head
of the Department recommending the measure.
Mr. Speaker, 1 care not whether we are to have
another issue of hundreds of millions of legal
tender notes issued by the Government itself, or
whether we are to havclegal tenderissuegof bank-
ing institutions, secured by Government stocks,
the result will be the same, and it may be found
written in the history of every nation which has
ever resorted to such wild and impracticable
schemes.
It is often supposed by those who do not take
the pains to investigate or think closely, that when
a nation is under the necessity of using or em-
ploying a great amount of the labor, the services,
and the propei ty of its citizens, as is now the case
with our Government in carrying on this war,
that before it can do so it must first take means
to increase the circulating currency of the coun-
try to an amount equal to its increased expendi-
ture. No more absurd or erroneous position could
possibly be assumed. The Government, it is true,
would have to expend more money, because the
services of all its vast Army, which was before
employed m other pursuits and paid for from other
sources and by other employers, being now de-
voted to the service of the Government, must re-
ceive that support at the hands of the Government
which it before received from those other em-
ployers and those other employments. It takes
no more money to pay these men while thus em-
ployed by the Government than it did before,
while employed by other employers; there are no
more of them now than there were before; it takes
no more to support and sustain them and their
families now than it did before. The only differ-
ence is that they are now in the employ of the
Government, and before they were in the employ-
ment of some other employers, or pursuing some
other independent business, and were then paid
by those other employers or that other independ-
ent business, but now they must be paid by the
Government. The same thing may be said of all
