1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government by private contractors, and as yet
we have to learn that there has been one dollar of
loss to the Government; while during the same
period we find that by the act of July 22, 1846,
§50,000 wan appropriated to redeem Treasury
notes returned to be canceled, which were pur-
loined iVom the Treasury Department and put in
circulation withoutauthority oflaw; while during
the present Administration $2,500,000 of certifi-
cates of indebtedness were stolen from the office
of the Treasurer.
These facts certainly do not prove that those
in charge of the Treasury Department can or have
given to the people a greater security than the
contractors who have heretofore been employed
to perform these public trusts for the past fuity
years. 1 doubt not the integrity and Iwnesty of
the present Secretary; but we do not kivew who
is to be his successor, and that they would not
make use of such power for political or other pur-
poses. Such tilings have occurred in the past,as
m the case of the famous financier, Baron Brock,
minister of finance of Austria,. who committed
suicide when his heavy forgeries were discovered;
and i i our own country there are names that have
figured prominently in our public affairs to our
national disgrace. But the greatest danger is
among that class of employes who are subordi-
nate to the Secretary, and necessarily must have
control of these various departments in the man-
ufacture of the notes, who, possessing no re-
sponsibility, and often of q  estionable character
for strict integrity, have it m their power to pur-
loin and over-issue to any amount, thus causing
the most serious disasters to the public and to the
circulation of our national currency; in fact, this
plausible view of the question, based upon past
exp« rience, satisfies me that the establishment of
a national engraving and printing department in
the Treasury building is so totally unnecessary,
and is fraught with such dangerous consequences
without any adequate guarantee to the public, that,
in my opinion, it should not be thought of for a
moment; and I trust that this power will not be
granted by Congress, as it opens the door for
gigantic frauds over which the people have cotn-
paiatively no control.
In regard to the economy which I have heard
put forth as an argument in favor of this proposed
money-making establishment, I can merely refer
to the established fact that it costs our Govern-
ment a great deal more to manufacture anything
and everything for its own wants than to be sup-
plied by private contiacts; and I have good rea-
son to believe that parties deeply interested in
this enterprise are confident of realizing their dear-
est wishes by having the Government purse to
support them, w hieU does not present a very plau-
sible cv idence of economy, but is evidence that it
would result more for the benefit of a few indi-
viduals than for the public good.
Mr. Speaker, it looks to me as if this was only
another of the many schemes brought forward
during tin1 present Administration which have so
abundantly opened the door to fraud and plunder
upon our bleeding Treasury, already amounting
to many million dollars.
I notice that some of our Treasury notes have
been embellished by the highly intellectual coun-
tenance of our present Sectetary. To this I have
no particular objection, save only that it is follow-
ing the example long since set by some of the per-
sons now high in office in the rebel government
at Richmond. The portrait of Howell Cobb, a
former Secretary, embellished the Treasury notes
issued in ld57; and that of Jefferson Davis em-
bellishes sonic of the land warrants that have been
issued by our Government. I would, therefore,
merely suggest, in view of these circumstances,
that a pot i rait of some of our departed revolution-
ary patriots would comjxnt better with the taste
of many, and would be far more appropriate to
adoin oui national currency. Washington, when
living, refused to suffer his portait to adorn our
metallic national currency, as, in his opinion, it
did not comport with our republican form of gov-
ernment.
Mr. Speaker, I close with expressing the hope
that the present unnatural rebellion may soon be
subdued, that peace will soon again leign through-
out out dishacted land, and with it we shall speed-
ily teturn again to the only true, and, as I be-
lieve, constitutional measute of value, gold and
silver.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (No. 131)
to facilitate the payment ofsick and wounded sol-
diers in the hospitalsand convalescent camps; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
The message further announced that the Senate
insist on their amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill of the House (No. 591) to in-
demnify the President and other persons for sus-
pending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
and acts done in pursuance thereof, agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and have appointed Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Col-
lamer, and Mr. Wjlley, the committee of con-
ference on the part of the Senate.
ELECTIONS IX TENNESSEE.
Mr. WORCESTER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Elections, reported a bill
to provide for the election of Representatives in
Congress from the StateofTennessee; which was
read a first and sccond time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
NATIONAL CURKENCY—AGAIN.
The consideration of the national currency bill
was again resumed.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not design
to discuss the merits of this bill. My only object
in asking the attention of the House is to explain
the grounds on which 1 base my amendment to
the motion to refer this bill. It is conceded on all
hands that this measure is one of as grave import-
ance as any that has heretofore demanded the
consideration of Congress. There arc involved
in it not only measures of policy, but measures of
constitutional law. It has appeared to me, and it
still appears to me, that we ought not to consider
these questions of constitutional law if it can pos-
sibly be avoided, without having them referred to
the committee of the House organized for the pur-
pose of investigating such questions.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, notifying the House
that he had signed several private bills.]
Mr. NOELL, (resuming.) Mr.Speaker, I was
going on to remark that it has been,m years gone
by, a greatly contested question in the country
whether the Congress of the United States pos-
sessed the power to charter a United States bank.
Now, the bill underconsideration, if 1 understand
its provisions, does not present thatquestion, but
another of equal importance and equally difficult,
and that is whethei the Government of the United
States possesses any power under the Constitu-
tion to inaugurate a system of local institutions
independent of each other, and having no na-
tional characteristics about them. I, forone,am
not prepared at this time, if I can avoid the re-
sponsibility, to determine that question. I desire
earnestly that it may be sent to the Committee on
the Judiciary, to be there considered and fully in-
vestigated, and the result of their labors reported
for the information and action of the House.
1 trust that it is not tieccssary for me on this oc-
casion to disclaim any design to put in the way of
the Government any obstacle or obstruction that
will have the slightest tendency to cripple its
operations of financial and military concern. I
hope that my course on this floor has relieved me
from the necessity of denying that any such mo-
tive has actuated me it) the proposition I have made
to refer this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
cial y. There is not a man in this House, or out
of it, who more earnestly desites to see this Gov-
ernment sustained fully in every measure to pros-
ecute this war to a successful termination and
in maintaining the national authority over every
foot of territory than I do. It has struck me that
a question of so much importance as that con-
tained in this bill ought not to be determined
without such deliberate and serious investigation
as will enable us to arrive at proper conclusions.
I would not like to assume the responsibility of
voting against the bill. I admit that I am not
prepared to vote on it, and it is with thot view
that I desire the bill may go to the Committee on
the Judiciary, to answer the questions I have pro-
pounded in the instructions i propose.
Theie is another foaiuie to which i must ad
ve^t, and that is that feature which .proposes'^
exonerate the property <o\yned by .the .citizensof
a State from taxation by the State. Under the
operations of this bill, if I understand them, the
banking capital owned by the citizens ofta.State
will U) relieved from all sorts oftax-atioo inaStftte
by being turned over into these banking estab-
lishments. I have grave doubts whether we ha^e
power to do this thing. I am not prepa-rad,^ss
on the other poirit, to determine this question. I
desire the Committee on the Judiciary to cnligfrlee
us on these questions. When we have their report
we may be able better to determine what way-we
shall vote.
. I do this as a friend of the bill, and as a frieftd
of any measure that has the slightest tendency to
help the Government in the work in which H is
engaged. I know that it is presented as an Ad-
ministration measure, and that as such we who
have sustained the Administration in all of its lead-
ing measures during this and the last sessions of
Congress ought to waive any mere formal and im-
material objections we may have to it for the pur-
pose of helping the Administration tflong.
i know this, sir; butatthesame time.those:wbo
have occupied my position—that we have-many
just complaints against the Administration—those
who, like myself, in the border States, have stood
by the Government in all of its measures, haveia
right to complain of the Administration.; foritk<a
fact notorious in my State that we have to a great
extent been ignored by the high officials of the
Administration in Missouri and its opponents*«p-
held. In the recent contest for the senatorship, pub-
lic functionaries of St. Louis, men holding offiee
under the Administration, including the postmas-
ter, left their offices and went to Jefferson City to
operate for my defeat and the fcsifeatof all others
who stand with me. If the Administration has
the tight to cull on its friends to sustain all of its
public measures necessary to carry on this war,
it is the duty of that Administration to stand by
its friends. I take this occasion to make this re-
mark—it is appropriate to this bill as an Admin-
istration measure—I have tried again and again to
have these wrongs righted, but my personal ap-
plications have had no effect; and I have availed
mjselfof thisdiscussion to call public attention to
it, so that other gentlemen may have their minds
undeceived about it. The whole influence of the
Administration is against us in Missouri and with
our enemies.
I hope that this bill may take the course I have in-
dicated. I will say, as the friend of the Administra-
tion and the Government, that I do not feel myself
at liberty to vote against the bill. I would not un-
dertake the responsibility of defeating it if I could;
but, at the same time, I beg the friends of the Gov-
ernment to take the course 1 have suggested, that
it may not hereafter be said we pressed it through
in hot haste, without due investigation and delib-
eration upon the important questions involved.
In regard to the conduct of Government officials
in Missouri in the recent senatorial contest, I think
my information reliable; and, if so, the whole
tribe should be made to walk the plank
THOMAS PLUNKETT.
Mr.SHERMAN,by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a
hill for the relief of Sergeant Thomas Plunkett;
which was read a first and second time, with the
accompanying report ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the same committee.
NATIONAL CURRENCY AGAIN.
Mr. ALLEY. I propose to occupy the atten-
tion of the House but a few moments, merely to
submit an amendment to the bill; and the remarks
which I shall make will be chiefly directed to the
advocacy of that amendment. If it is in order I
will submit the amendment at the present time,
it is to amend section nineteen, by inserting in
line fourteen, after the words " United States,"the
words <f one half of;" so that the clause will read,
" one half of one per cent."
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be re-
ceived at this time.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 do not flatter myself that any-
thing I can say upon this question will have the
slightest effect upon the members of this House;
hut I regard this question as one of greater im-
portance than has ever been agitated in tins flail j
and i-.should be recreant to my coaviciions -of
