1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
duty if I failed to explain jn a few words the rea-
sons which will govern my vote upon this occa-
sion.
1 have been engaged in financial operations dur-
ing a large portion of my life, and Lknow that my
constituents expect that I shall utter a word in
explanation of the vote which I shall give upon a
question of this magnitude. That, and that alone,
induces me to trouble the House at this moment.
I feci that this subject of finances is the most
intricate of subjects—a subject that but few can
master and understand. And it does seem to me
that most that has been said, or that will probably
be said upon this floor in relation to this question,
will but make confusion worse confounded, if that
be possible, which I very much doubt.
I am opposed to taxing the circulation under
this bill more than one per cent., for the reason
that so long as you do not ta'x the bank circula-
tion under the old system more than one per cent,
and tax the circulation under this new bill two
per cent., you render it a practical nullity. Mr.
Speaker,! feel a deep interest in this scheme, be-
cause I believe if adopted, with suitable provis-
ions and liberal action towards existing moneyed
institutions, if it shall have the effect of estab-
lishing a sound and uniform system of national
currency, we shall confer upon this generation
and our posterity for ages to come inestimable
blessings, scarcely less valuable than the preser-
vation of the Union itself. Mow few realize the
intimate connection with and dependence upon
asoundand uniform currency of all our national
prosperity; and how important that the Govern-
ment should be in cooperation and sympathy
with the monetary interests of the people. The
financial measures of this Congress will affect all
the industrial in&rests of this great people for
generations to come. How necessary, then, that
we should consider well what we are doing. The
history of the world has shown that in all ages
and in every country, under all circumstances,
all "values are regulated by the volume of cur-
rency, whether under an exclusively metallic or
a mixed currency, composed of paper and coin, or
an entire paper currency. Its quantity even more
than its quality has regulated and controlled
prices; expansion of the currency always pro-
ducing inflation and high prices and imaginary
prosperity; and contraction always resulting
in depreciation, wide-spread disaster, and ruin.
Whoever will consult history will see that in Eng-
land, during the reigns of the Henrys and the
Edwards, when the currency was composed ex-
clusively of com, its volume was several times in-
creased by debasing the coinage from twenty to
sixty per cent.,and always with the same result,
namely, plenty of money and high prices, just in
proportion to the increase of the cmreney; and
when contraction followed, as it always surely
must, then came distress and uim. So it has
been several times during our brief career in this
country, wtth our mixed currency of paper and
coin. So it must ever lie, by the operation of laws
as fixed and immutable as (hose of nature itself.
Now, every man of any historical knowledge of
monetary operations in other countues, or any
intelligent observer of financial experiences in
our own for the last half century, knows this to
be exactly so.
If this is true, what must be the inevitable effect
of expanding our currency and increasing its vol-
ume to $1,000,000,000? Of course, to enhance the
prices of everything to twice or thrice their pres-
ent value, and when pay-day comes and provision
for its redemption is made, the necessary contrac-
tion can have no other effect than to occasion wide-
spread disaster, distress and nun to an extent never
before witnessed in this country. Now, to avert
such a calamity it is necessary to have some check
upon these irredeemable issues, to prevent by
some means this flooding the country with paper
money. How shall this be done and the Gov-
ernment be supplied with the neccssary means to
supply its wants and conduct its operations? I
must confess I see no other way but for the Gov-
ernment to take into its own hands the regulation
of the currency, and establish a uniform system
throughout the land, and to net in cooperation
either with existing monetary institutions or aid
in the creation of new ones that shall be in sym-
pathy with the Government, and whose inter-
ests and fortunes will be identified with its own.
1 must confess that I am unable to devise any
scheme that in my judgment will so effectually
produce the desired result und protect all interests
—the interests of the banks as well as the people
—as the system now proposed. I am not one of
those who believe we are justified in waging any
war upon the banks. There are no institutions in
the country more deserving the fostering care of the
Government than the banks at the present time.
They responded to the call of the country in the
hour of its greatest financial need with a cheerful-
ness and alacrity worthy of all commendation.
The interests of the banks and the people are iden-
tical, and he is a foolish man who thinks other-
wise. You have compelled the banks to invest
every dollar of their capital in Government obli-
gations, either directly or indirectly; and they are
so completely identified with the Government now
that whatever strengthens the one strengthens the
other, and whatever weakens one weakens the
other; and I believe it is as much for the interest
of the banks, and even more so, to have this sys-
tem adopted than for any other moneyed interest,
provided they are dealt justly and fauly with,as
i think they would be if this amendment which 1
propose is adopted.
If we go on increasing the circulation as wo have
done without limit, and the hankscontinue to issue
their irredeemable paper also, the currency will
be so depreciated, and all values so seriously af-
fected, ifnotentirely destroyed, that all bank stock
will be comparatively worthless, and the Govern-
ment will be compelled to repudiate its liabilities
orcompromise upon a serious reduction, from the
very necessities of the case. With such a depre-
ciated currency it cannot command supplies for
the Army and Navy, in my judgment, to the end
of the fiscal year expiring June 30, 18G4.
I am awate that this is a startling proposition,
but I believe, upon my soul, lh.it such will he the
effect if some check is not put upon the issue of
this irredeemable eui i eney. If the Govei nment
ami the banks of the country ai e going on in com-
petition with each other in this inflation of the
currency, the inevitable consequence inu^t be Re-
pudiation. If this war should continue long upon
the present gigantic scale; if we could go on un-
der a currency inflated to such an extent as this,
its effect must be to enhance the price of every-
thing to ten times its real value. It would be ut-
terly impossible for our laboring population to
exist under such a state of things, and it would
be putting burdens upon the people which they
could not stand. The people, I fear, would be
disposed to subvert the Government itself rather
than submit to such oppression.
In the matter of credit it is with nations as with
individuals: you must have confidencc in tin; ability
and disposition for ultimate redemption of all ob-
ligations if you wish to preserve and maintain a
sound credit. If (he whole people of all the loyal
States of this Union had an undoubting belief that
this Government would stand the test of this trial
and these obligations would surely be paid as
promised, the bonds of the Government would
command a large premium in gold, instead of
being depreciated so ruinously as they are now.
Capital never was so abundant and so much un-
employed as at the piesent time, or so easily ob-
tained for the conduct of all enterprises that cap-
italists have confidence in. With this confidence
you can command t ho markets of the world; with-
out it you can do nothing; and it requires but
very little real money, as experience has shown,
to maintain a sound and sure credit, if you have
confidence, and property behind it. And no mat-
ter how much property you have, if you are
reckless in the issue of your promises to pay, un-
less you provide for some certain mode of pay-
ment, you cannot command confidence, and con-
fidence will beimpuired just in proportion to your
obligations, until it will be so far destroyed that
you can pin chase no property upon such credit.
How fiequently you see among merchants those
of comparatively small means with prudent and
skillful management maintaining a much better
credit than those of much larger means, who pro-
tect their credit less carefully by the usual appli-
ances of prudence and promptness. Our credit is
already unnecessarily impaiied, m consequence,
as I believe, of unskillful management and indif-
ference on the part of Congress.
We have the power to protect the credit of the
Government to the fullest extent, and save our
countrymen from experiencing a financial revul-
sion the most disastrous, in my judgment, the
world has ever seen since the explosion of the fa-
mous South Sea Bubble, if wo have but the wis-
dom to discern and the patriotism to rise above
mere local interests and prejudices. #Talk about
waging a war upon the banks; why, if we go on
issuing this irredeemable currency on the part of
the Government, and allow the banks to do it also
to an indefinite extent, as they will do unless we
provide some check, every bank in the country
will be ruined,and their stock will not be worth the
paper upon which their certificates are written.
Now, to avoid this, and protect the banks from dc-
struction,I am in favor of identifying them with
the Government in the%upp!y of currency to the
nation, making it for their mutual interest to sus-
tain each other; and it seems to me this bill does it,
and prevents undue expansion of the currency,
so far as it is possible to do so and maintain the
Government while .we are compelled to conduct
our monetary operations exclusively with paper.
This bill does not deprive the banks of any of
their legitimate fanctinus, or necessarily interfere
with their circulation; it piovides them with a bet-
ter circulation than they can possibly have under
the present system, giving it strength and secu-
rity,and making it of the same value in every part
of the country. It would prevent undue expan-
sion by preventing increased circulation without
a deposit of undoubted security to redeem such
increased circulation, thereby preventing an in-
crease for any other purpose than the supply of
the demands of natural and increased trade, and
all inducement for an augmentation of the cur-
rency for purposes ofmere speculation and profit;
and this is t\ great desideratum to all sound und
well-regulated banks. Adopt this amendment
which I propose 
Mr. llOSCOE CONKL1NG. Please icad the
amendment again.
Mr. ALLEY. I am requested to read my
amendment again, It is to amend section nine-
teen, page 14, by inserting in line fourteen, after
the words " United States," the words "one half
of," so that the clause shall read, "one half of
one per cent." I advocate this upon the ground
that no adequate taxation is proposed to be put
upon bank circulation under the present system;
and therefore, in order to induce the banks to
adopt this system, and to place them in coopera-
tion and sympathy with the Government, I pro-
pose this amendment.
I was saying, sir, adopt this amendment, and
if all the banks in the country would organize un-
der it, all well-regulated banks could divide from
six to eight per cent, among their "stockholders
annually, as can be easily demonstrated. They
would thereby save themselves fiom destruction,
and do their country a patriotic service, more be-
neficent in its results than the human tongue can
express. The Government must make it for the
in to est of the banks to cooperate with it, and the
banks must help sustain the credit of the Govern-
ment as well as their own; and all must work to-
gether to a common end, and that is to place the
credit of the Government upon a sure and solid
foundation. This done, and all the banking busi-
ness of the country resting, so far as its encula-
tion is concerned, upon the basis of this bill, an
eaily return to u specie payments" is practicable
immediately aftertheclose of the war. Weshould
have a currency of uniform value throughout the
country, commanding the confidence of all, resting
for its redemption upon the seem ities of the Gov-
ernment, which, the moment the war ceases,and
confidencc at home in our securities continues
unabated, would at once be sought as a favorite
investment abroad in ali the money mai keis of
the world. This, of couise, with that confidence
at home in the soundness of our circulating me-
dium which such a state of things would en-
gender, would enable us to resume specie pay-
ments with but little contraction, and with scarcely
a shock to our monetary interests, as foreign ex-
changes would immediately be in our favor. We
should then witness a state of prosperity with all
our industrial interests for years to come unex-
ampled in the history of our country.
I know that many object to reducing this tax,
because they say that the people are entitled to
the income of a tax upon the circulation, and the
Government is really the party who should have
all the profit of the circulation. This, I grant, is
true in degree, but not to the fullest extent. Gov-
