THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 8, 1863.
New Series No. 14.
.Tames S. Rollins, Saigcnt, Sedgwick, Shanks Sheffield,
Sptuiiding, Stevens, iJenjamin F. Thomas, Trowbtidge,
Van Horn, "Van Valkcnlmmt), Verree, Walker, Wall, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Wimlom, ntul Woice^ter—73.
NAYS—Messrs. William Alien, Baily. Biddte, Calvert,
Clements, Coining, Cov, Ctavens, Crittenden, Davie, Dun-
lap, Dm in, Giancrr, Gtidrr, Iluight, Hall, Ilmdiui:. Ilol-
iuan? Johnson, William Kcilosg,* Kei i igan, Knapp, J,aw,
Menzies, Mouis, N-ufoti, Odell, Pendleton, Peny, Totter,
1'rice, Sine!, Smith, John B. Steele, Wilh-un G. Steele,
Stiles, Stiattou.Trimble, Vallandiglmm, Vomliee<5, Ward,
Webstei, Wicklifle, WiKon, Wood, and Woodrufl—46.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JNOELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
011 the table the motion to reconsider.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOAN OF 1849.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, thore is
upon the table a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which I ask may be read
for the benefit of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox.]
There was no objection; and the Clerk read as
follows:
Treasury Department, January 5, 1863.
Sir: T had the honoi to receive, on the 19th of Decem-
ber, 18G2, a les-olutton of tiic House, adopted on the Ifith of
December, directing the Seeietary of the Treasury to fur-
nish a statement of the amount of United State* loan created
inlS41,and extended by the act of April 15,1842; Willi
the names of those lettered as owneis theieof, and such
luiot inaiiou as the Depai tiitcnt m.iy po5se>s as to the actual
ownership ; and to communicate a copy or copies of any
memorial or memonaK proposing or soliciting a speei.il me-
dium of pajment to the owners oi lioldei^oi the said loan,
and whethei he proposed to pay iaid loan in com.
Having pieviouslv swum the public pii'-ts a icport of
the adoption of the resolution, I had already given dnee-
tions for the piep.nation ol the statement, and foi a copy
of the inemoi ial neco^saiy to :i sati^fhctoiy icply. On the
morning of the next day, howevei, f icsigned the ollicc ot
Secretary, and my resumption of the ch.irge of the Depait-
mcnt on the QJd was followed by the ndjoununeiit of Con-
giesson the nevt day to the 5th of Januaiy. Thc«e cir-
cumstance^ prevented the piepniarion and tiansmission of
inv reply to Ihe lcsolution until afh'rltic 1st oi January,on
winch day the loan became p;i^ nblc Tfn^ expiatidlion i>
thought due to the House, prompt obedience to wlio-e di-
rection? is a ch"erfully aeknowleilgcd duty of the Pocietai \.
1 now tiansnnt a statement showing the amount ot the
loan mentioned in the ie>oiiition, and the names of the
owners aM-egKtered. The Department po^o^^ no other
information u-> to ibe actual ownership of the loan.
I also transmit a enpj. ot a memorial or representation
prepared, 1 piesume, in consecjuence of an e\pies«.ion oi a
wish by me, in conversation with the piCMdent of t!io Me-
chanic"-' Bankunr A.-1 ooi.irion of Now Y( i k, tor a tree eom- ; j
nuuneation of view-; by intelligent citizens, whose pursuits j!
implied the laige«t Knowledge of the ptobablc eftecu on
public credit ol p<i\iirenioi ntui-pa\ merit
Had not the en cuinstanees ah eady stated mteivened, Ihe
House would have been pionrptlv advised of my intention
in le-peet to tlio mode ot p.iyment. Intention has now
passed into action. My judgment wa-3 deteimined in f.ivor
o( payment m coin, not mciely by the weighty consider-
ations gtowing out o! it^ benellcial influences on public
endit, bni by the circumstance that T found mjscll able
to obt.irn the needed specie at a cost so small thai p.iyment
in com was, in fact, a less inconvenience to the Treasuty,
and a less inte.riereuce with pi\ men! - in and lor the Ai my
arid Naw. than pawneut in notes would have been The
whole amount ot coin required was advanced In inonejed
institution^, nio-t of which. it is believed, had no nin-ie-t
in the loan, imr .my intuie-t m the 11ansaetion, ( vepi what
ansc«? hom the rroiieinl Mippoit ot the public ciedit: and
the advare-e was made w uhout puMnium. and al an inter-
est ot toui per cent . and t- not to he called tor until ll can
be reimbuf -ed lioiii ieci itit'- ii'hm customs, dedicate d by act
of Congies^ 10 the paum-nt of mteif-t and to the lcdemp-
tion of the prtnctpnl ol the public debt.
I have ti.e liuimi to be, w uh the highest respect,
S P Cll \.si: Sen eftt'ty oj the Treasury.
Hon. Galcsita A. Grow,
speaker oj the House of Representatives.
The communication and accompanying docu-
ments were laid upon the table,and ordered lobe
printed.
O. B. AXD OLIVER S. LATHAM.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back House Court, of Claims bill No.
Ill, for the relief 0. I>. & Oliver S. Latham, with
the lecommcndation that it do pass with an amend-
ment.
The bill was rend.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The bill makes an appropriation, and mast, there-
fore, under the rules, have its first consideration
in a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
14
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. FENTON. The substitute moved by the
Committee of Chums does not make an appro-
priation.
The SPEAKER. That will notaffect the point
of order.
Mr. FENTON. There is no appropriation
in the bill, but only a provision for the payment
of money already appropriated for this specific
purpose by a former Oongiess.
The SPEAKER. The bill directs a certain
amount to be paid out of the Treasury out of any
money not otherwise appropriated. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CONDUCT OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. GOOCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following: resolution; which was read,
considered, and referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved. That theie be printed for the u^e of the mem-
bers of the House twenty-five thousand copies of the tepoit
of the joint committee on the conductof the war, submit-
ted to the Seriate December 22,1S32.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
a communication from the Postmaster General in
relation to conferring the franking puvilege upon
miliUi y governors; \v hieh was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL MAILABLE JIATTER.
Mr. COLFAX, from tho same committee, re-
ported a bill to authorize additional mailable mat-
ter; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
The bill was read in cztenso. It provides that
the Postmaster General shall he authorized to per-
mit articles not now included in the schedule of
mailable matter to bo sent through the United
States moils at rates now established for book
postage, not exceeding in weight the maximum
now established by law.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, thin bill is founded
upon petitions from all parts of the country. Con-
gress is ask< <1 that the people everywhere, who
have friends in the Anny, may be allowed to send
through the mails articles winch are not now in-
cluded m the schedule of mail matter. The exist-
ing law is very strict in providing what is mad-
able matter. At the last Congress, the schedule
was extended so as to embrace maps upon roll-
er's, seeds and cuttings, phonetic envelopes, &c.,
not over four pounds m weight, at one cent per
ounce. Still the law doos not include a number
of little things which friends at home would like
to send to tin ir fiiends in the Army. The bill
only authorize^ the Postmaster Genei al to permit
<oich articles to pass through tiio mails as addi-
tional mailable matter. 11 properly leaves the sub-
ject to the discretion of the Postmaster General,
who will of course exercise it judiciously. There
can be no i eason, founded on pi maple, why books
lews than foui [rounds in weight should he allowed
m the mails at one cent per ounco, and boo's of
the same weicrhf, for a soldier, prohibited. "Why
admit seeds and cuttings, often with damp earth
around them, at one cent pet ounce, and prohibit
stockmg.s and mittens, sent by loved friends at
home to their soldier kinsmen in this wintry sea-
son, prohibited, or only allowed at letter postage
lates, six cents per ounce? Maps on rolh rs, the
most inconvenient and vexatious of ai! mailable
matter, arc pf minted at one cent per ounce; why
not a fiannei shirt as well, when it is doubly val-
uable as a memento of affection and a preservative
of health > Express companies do not always fol-
low armies, nor can they always deliver packages
to the soldieis. But the mail always follows the
dag. 1 think I need not add anyaigument to tins
plain piesentaiion of facts, but hope the bill will
be at once and unanimously passed. A similar
j i I,   i ■.lyrpH
btll, reported by me, passed this House at its last
session, but failed m the Senate. 1 hope now ifc
may, if passed here, meet with better success at
the other end of the Capitol.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARMS F. ST^NSBUBY.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for tho relief of Charles P. Stuns-
bury; winch was road a first and second time,
refi-ired to a Committee of the Whole House on
tho Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL TAX.
Mr. LEHMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Mean? be
instiuctcd to inquire into the expediency of repealing the
seventy-eighth and seventy-ninth sections of tile internal
tax law.
CANCIXING OP STAMPS.
Mr. BIDDLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Jleiolucd, That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
in&uueted to uiquiie into the expediency of simplifying
the mode of er.ncehn^ i-tamps, as now prescribed by tlw
act ol Ut oi July, 16G^.
ARMY APPBOPIUATldN BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, on the 8th of
December, when the Army appropriation bill was
passed. 1 was necessaiily absent from the House,
and with the committee on Government contracts
of which thegentlcinan from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burke] is chairman. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to have my vote recorded in favor of that bill.
There was no objection, and Mr. Holman's
vote was recorded in the affirmative on the pi>s-
sag.e of the Army appropriation bill.
Mrssis. Wasiiburne, Steele of New Jersey,
and I^emton, asked for the same privilege; mid
thel e being no objection, their votes were recorded
ill the uffii' uiativu on the passage of the same bill.
SOLDIERS' ritEI! READING-ROOM.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
a joint resolution granting the use of a portion of
Judiciary squaie for a fiee library and reading-
room for soldiers; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
The joint resolution was then read in extenso.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 think the joint resolution
ought to be ref'ei red to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, application was
made to the Secretary of the Interior for leave to
construct that building, and it would have been
granted but for the fact that it was thought desir-
able some .actio# should be had first by Congress.
Tins lcsnluiion has been introduced for that pur-
pose. Let me say that the parties named, Mr.
John A. Powie and* Miss Elida I?, llumsey, within
the last two months have established a free library
for soldiers in the city. It contains several thou-
sand volumes, contributed from different parts of
the country, and lias been fiecly used by the sol-
diers of the Atmy here. These parties have borne
all of the expense, but the buiiding has become
too small altogether foi the demands upon theii-
braiy. It is found that the right asked for may,
without injury to the public interest, be granted
for the purpose of putting up at their own charge
I o building tor a binary and reading-room for the
I Army upon Judiciary square. With that view,
I as I have said, an application was made to the
I Secretary of the Intciior, which would have been
il granted, but action of Congress is wanted. All
'! the resolution provides is, that if it can be granted
|i without prejudice to the public inteiest it shall be
il dune, provided that the building shall be removed
