1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eminent cannot conduct the business of banking
any more than it can conduct any other branch
of business, aiu? is no in ore entitled to the profits
arising from legitimate banking than it i« to those
growing out of the prosecution of any other busi-
ness. Tne Government has a right to a fair tax
upon the business of banking, and this, I think,
it gets in the three per cent, upon the whole in-
come of the banks; and with the additional one
per cent, upon their circulation, whfch, under my
amendment, they will then get, will be just for the
present. But even if we grant that the Govern-
ment is entitled to the whole benefit of the circu-
lation, we must treat itas a practical question, and
do that which, on the whole, is for the interest of
all concerned. If it can be shown that it is for the
mutual interest—as 1 think it most clearly enn
be—of Government, banks, and people, that the
Government should relinquish this benefit, in
part, to other parties, then there should be no hes-
itancy in doing it, even on the part of those who
believe that it is clearly the right of the Govern-
ment to supply the whole nation with all its cur-
rency by direct issue from Us own Treasury. I
believe it is generally conceded that we have not
the constitutional right to prohibit State banks
from issuing demand notes for circulation under
State laws. Therefore, if you continue Govern-
ment issues in antagonism or competition with
State institutions, you may save a few millions
pcrannum to the Government, but you take thou-
sands from the pockets of the people where you
save hundreds by the enhancement of prices and
derangement of business consequent upon the is-
sue of such a rcdundant'currency. it is, in mv
judgment, being" penny wise and pound foolish."
As I have said before, I again repeat, this is a
great scheme of momentous interest to the Amer-
ican people. Adopt it with this amendment,and
a corresponding tax upon the circulation of State
banks, so as to make it for their interest to organ-
ize under this bill, and you do an act to conserve
hind protect the business interests and labor of
this country in greater degree, in my judgment,
than has been done by the enactment of any sin-
gle measure since the organization of the Govern-
ment, in 1789, down to the present period.
I shall vote for the bill even if the amendment
I desire to offer is not adopted, but I believe that
if the finance bill shall pass Congress in the same
shape in which it left this House, this bank bill,
if passed m its present shape, will amount to very
little, it will have comparatively trilling success,
and there will be but a small number of banks or-
ganized under it. No bank in the country out-
side of large cities can affoid to organize under
this bill, and pay two per cent, for the privilege
of issuing a circulation, when they can organize
under the old system upon so much moio favor-
able terms. Bat teduce the tax to one per cent.,
and you furnish a very strong inducement to all
the banks in the country and to capitalists to or-
ganize under it, and, in my judgment, butashort
time would elapse before all the monetary inter-
ests of the country would be in favor of this bill,
and all banks of issue would be organized under
this act.
If Congress would spend more thoughtand give
more of its attention to these great questions, in-
volving as they do in great measure oar finan-
cial salvation, upon the right settlement of which
the successful issue of this rebellion depends a
thousand times more than in the discussion of ab-
stract theories which engage so much of our at-
tention, they would render a service ofincalculablc
benefit to all the material interests of this great
nation.
Mr. HOOPER. I have no desire to continue
this debate, and I believe the House has heard as
much as it desires, and therefore I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw that demand and
allow me to speak in opposition to this bill.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 cannot.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw the motion to com-
mit.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My point of or-
der is, that last evening, at half past nine o'clock,
when the reading of the bill was completed, an
agreement was entered into, to which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] the
Chair, and all the House were parties, that pend-
ing this motion to commit, and before ihc demand
for the previous question, a fair opportunity to
discuss the bill should be afforded, and after that an
opportunity should be afforded for amendments.
I submit that it is in derogation and violation of
that agreement now, before two o'clock, to say
that the time has run, and to call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the gen-
tleman from New York, that the Chair does not
feel called upon to enforce propositions of agree-
ment which are not stated to the House by the
Clmir. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and withdraw the motion I
made to commit. I now renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a question of order.
To tiiat motion to refer I offered an amendment.
My point of order is that the gentleman cannot
withdraw the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, as a gentleman has the right to
withdraw any motion before avotc is taken on it.
Mr. NQELL. "What becomes of my motion
to amend r
The SPEAKER. It falls with the withdrawal
of the motion to commit.
Mr.'ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. NOELL. Do i understand that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has withdrawn his
motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. He lias.
Mi. NOELL. Then I oiler my motion as an
original motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman stated that
he withdrew the motion, and then demanded the
previous question.
Mr. NOELL. He stated that he withdrew the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
withdraw the motion without withdrawing first
the demand for the previous question. Hewith-
di'.w it, and then renewed the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to know whether it
would he in oider now to move to refer this hill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts would withdraw his demand for the
previous question, it would be; not otherwise.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. My point of
order is upon the right of the gentleman from
Massachusetts to demand the previous question.
The point js this: last evening it was expressly
agreed—and as to that, there was nothing indefi-
nite as to time—that whenever the motion to refer
should be withdrawn, an opportunity should be
afforded to amend the bill; and that understand-
ing was twice or tin ice repeated, and agreed to
upon all sides of the House. And now my point
is, that in defiance of that understanding, in the
same breath the gentleman withdraws the motion
to commit and demands th^ previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I openly in the House
dissented 
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. Is this motion
debatable ? #
The SPEAKER. Only upon the same ground
that the erntleman from New York debated it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I wish to state the fact
that I openly dissented from any arrangement by
which this bill should be open to amendment,
unless the House should refuse to second the de-
mand for the previous question, as gentlemen
around me veiy well know.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. I desire to state
a fact. I think that statement is true; hut the
House will remember that upon that suggestion
being made, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] who had been indicated by my
fi iend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoofer,] when
1 put a question to him, as the proper peison to
respond to my question, said, in reply to that ic-
mark, that he desired it undeistood that it was not
the intention to cutoff amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
any proposition made by gentlemen to the House
is not such an arrangement as wiil ovemde the
rules, unless it is stated fiom the Speaker's chair.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. in the absence
of the present occupant of the chair, the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Aujkich] being in? the
chair, the proposition was stated by the Chair to
the House. • '
The SPEAKER. It seems, upon the gentle-
man's own statement, that no hour was fixed, and
that no definite proposition was made; and there-
fore the Chair can see no point in the gentleman's
statement.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, The definite
proposition and agreement was that opportunity
should be given for offeringamendments, and that
the previous question should aot be called to cufc
them off; and when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Pendleton] called for a repetition of the agree-
ment, it was again stated by the Chair; and there-
fore my point is that it was an agreement of the
House,to which theChatrand House were parties.
T£hc SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
those around him that no proposition was stated
by the Chair to the House; but even if it was,
the question might be left to the House upon the
proposition to second the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say tnat when the
gentleman made the suggestion to which he re-
fers, 1 did say that after we had closed the debate,
i should, so far as I was concerned, allow amend-
ments to be offered before the previous question
was called, if I had got the floor now, instead of
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts,tocall the pre-
vious question, I should withdraw it for the mere
purpose of allowing the gentleman from New
York to put in an amendment. Had I the con-
trol of the bill, I should do so, though I know it
was not generally agreed to.
Mr. WiCKLtEEE. I understood that it was
distinctly agreed that opportunity should be af-
forded for amendments, and that debate should
be continued under the motion to commit. With
that understanding, and not being disposed to lis-
ten to the debate, and being lume, i left the Hall
and went home.
The SPEAKER. The Chnir can see no point
of order in the statement of the gentleman from
New York; and as the gentleman from Illinois
says that he stated that he dissented from any such
arrangement, the Chair docs not see how the House
could have entered into any definite arrangement.
Mr. HOOPER. For the purpose of allowing
my fiiend from New York an opportunity to offer
his amendment, and for that purpose alone, I
withdraw my demand for the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
the floor without yielding it absolutely.
Mr. HOOPER. As objection is made, I will
adhere to my motion.'
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question,
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper and
Roscoe Conkling were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes G7.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING demanded the yeas
and nays on ordering the*main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Mcr-srs. Aldrich, Ashley, Beaman, Bingham,
Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buftinton,Cal-
vert, Campbell, Casey. Chamberlain, Clements, Coltax,
Covode, Cutler, Davis*, Duim, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot,
Fonton, tf.imuol C. Fu&senden, Thomas A. 1). Fe&senden,
Fis-her, Francliot,Frank, Goodwin, Gianger, llaight,Hick-
man, Hooper, IJuteliins, Julian, Kelley, Fianeis W. Kel-
!o«ii, William Kellogar, Loary, Lehman, Lovejoy, T.ow,
Mclndor, MdCean, McPher^on, Mai fton, Maynard, Moor-
head. Anson P.Morull. Olin, Patton,Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike^ Potter, John II. Rice, Riddle, EdwaulII. Rollins, Se-
gdi, Shanks, iShellaharser. Sherman. Sloan, Spauidinj?, Ste-
vens Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree, Wall, Wallace, YVa^hbuiiie, Webster, Albert S. White,
Wilt-on, and Wiudom—75.
NAYS—Mehsis. William Allen. Alley, Ancona, Daily,
Baker, Baxter, Biddle, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Ros-
cot> Conkling, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Cnstield, t)awes,
I)elano, Fouke, Grider, Hahn, Utile, Hall. Harding,
Uariifon, Horton, Johnson, Kerrigan, Kimjip, Law, L.v
zeai'jMeKmght.Mallory.May, Menztes. Mitchell, Justm 8.
Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Nnell, Norton, Nuafii, Odell,
Pendleton, l'eiry, Poineroy, l'ortei, Alexander II. Rice,
Itolnnson, James 8. Eollms, Sedgwick, Sheffield, SWel,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stdes. Stratton,
Bemanun P. Thomas, Fiam-i* Thomas, Train, Vailaildlg-
hain, Voorhees. U'adsworth, Walker, Walton, Wheeler,
Whaley, Clniton A. White, Wickhlie, Woodruff, Wright,
and Yeaman—73.
So the main question wag ordered.
