1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The result having been announced,
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 417) for the removal of the Win-
nebago Indians, and for the sale of their reserva-
tions in Minnesota for then- benefit;
An act (S. No. 519) to annex a part of the State
of New Jersey to the collection district of New
Yoik, and to appoint an assistant collector, to
reside at Jersey City;
Joint resolution (S. No. 126) expelling George
E. Badger from the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, and appointing Louis Agassiz
in his place;
An act (S. No. 337) extending the time for car-
rying into effect the provisions of the third section
of the act entitled "An act relating to highways
in the county of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia," approved May 3, 1862;
An act (S. No. 516) to allow the United States
to prosecute appeals and writs of error without
giving security; and
An act (S. No. 488) to change the times of
holding the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States in the several districts composing the
seventh circuit.
CONSCRIPTION ACT.
Mr. OLIN. I ask leave to have Senate bill Not
511 ordered to be printed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will that give the
bill any advantage whatever?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It does not
take it from the Speaker's table.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASIIBURNE called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regulaV order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports, con-
tinuing the call where it was left off, with the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Colfax] made a proposition in regard to the
postal bill. I think that if the House fully un-
derstood it, it would be agreed to unanimously.
It is to take up that bill now and consider it up
to six o'clock, when the House can adjourn, in-
stead of taking a recess till seven o'clock.
Several Members objected.
JANE rs. EVANS.
The bill reported by Mr. Rice, of Maine, from
the Committee on Patents, (S. No. 346,) for the
relief of Jane B. Evans, was taken from the
Speaker's table.
The report was read. It sets forth that Mrs.
Evans presented a petition to the first session of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress, asking a renewal of
the letters patent granted to her late husband, Cad-
wallader Evans, for an invention useful in pre-
venting* explosions in steam boilers; that the peti-
tion was acted upon by the Committees on Patents
of the Senate and of the House of Representatives,
each of which unanimously reported bills grant-
ing the renewal, but which bills, owing to the un-
usual and absorbing public matters then before
Congress, were not acted upon; that there are pe-
culiar reasons for granting promptly the renewal
of this patent. Thcinvention wasoriginal. It has
not thus far been remunerative to the inventor,
but has been of incalculable benefit to the public.
All the conditions have been fulfilled which just-
ify, under the law of the original issue, the renewal
of this patent. These conditions have been amply
proved by the concurrent testimony of the ablest
scientific gentlemen and the most experienced nav-
igators of steam vessels, and by a« exhibition of
the accounts showing the expenditure for its man-
ufacture and the receipts from its sales. These
facts are set forth m the report of the committee
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, (S. No. 194,) but m
addition to these are higher and more deserving
claims. To no family in America is there due
a larger debt of public gratitude than to that of
which the petitioner is the representative. Oliver
Evans, the father of her late husband, was the in-
ventor of the locomotive engine of our railroads,
and of the high-pressure engine now used on ail
the interior waters of this country. He was the
inventor of improvements in milling which gave
our ilourits preeminence, and caused the large for-
eign demand therefor which has tended to enrich
our agriculturists. He was the inventor of the
carding machine, which improved and cheapened
the fabrics of wool and cotton, and enabled our
northern industry to compete successfully with
the manufacturers of Europe. So largely a ben-
efactor, yet, from the inefficiency of tne then ex-
isting patent laws, lie derived no benefit from the
creations of his intellect, but died in poverty.
Ycais before Pulton adapted the engine of Watt
to marine propulsion, Oliver Evans had propelled
a carriage on land and a vessel in the water, by
his own high-pressure steam engine. To the licirs
of Fulton, for his adaptation of the principles of
Watt, Congress gave a donation of $>100,000. The
representative and heir of Evans asks no donation
for far greater benefits conferred, but only a sim-
ple act of justice in strict conformity to the spirit
of the patent laws, that she may, under its pro-
tection, be enabled to educate his grandchildien.'
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, this bill
has been fully considered by the Committee on
Patents, and that committee believes that the bill
is in conformity with the spirit of the law under
which extensions of patents are granted. The
invention patented by Mr. Evansjs well known
to be of very great importance, and the public
interests require that this extension should be
granted. The matter was fully considered by the
Committee on Patents in both Houses at the last
Congress, and the bill was recommended unani-
mously. It failed, however, to pass Congress.
There is a great mass of testimony from scientific
and practical men in favor of this extension.
The hour of half past four o'clock having ar-
rived, the House took a recess till seven o'clock,
p. m.  
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
Mr.-Washburnf, in the chair, as Speaker pro
tempore. POSTAL REFORM.
The SPEAKER pm tempore stated the business
before the House to be the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 492, to amend the laws relating to
the Post Office Department, assigned as a special
order for this evening's-session.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time by title.
The bill was then read at length.
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor.
Mr. HOIfMAN. Tins bill has not been print-
ed, and I desire to move, if my colleague will per-
mit me, to recommit it to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and order it to be
printed.
Mr. COLFAX. The bill is printed, and on my
colleague's file.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not printed by the House.
Mr. COLFAX. The same bill in substance.
I will explain 
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish to ask the
gentleman fiom Indiana if I understood him to
say that the bill printed and on our files is the bill
which has been read at the Clerk's desk ?
Mr. COLFAX. I was about to say that the
bill read at the Clerk's desk is precisely the bill
on the files of members of the House entitled Sen-
ate bill No. 492, with only one amendment at all
material, and that is to be found in the section
which provides for the registration of money let-
ters.
Mr. HOLMAN. One other question.
Mr. COLFAX. Not until I have completed
this statement, for 1 want it to be full and lair.
The press of the country generally have the
impression that the bill as it is before us remains
the same as originally printed by the Senai(>_w!ien
firstuitroduceil. The bill, however, was amended
in the Senate before it passed that body so as to
make the registration of money lelteis voluntaiy
as heretofore, and not compulsory, up printed m
the bill.
This is the only material change made by the
Senate in the bill as printed. There are two or
three immaterial changes.
■Mr. WILSON. What is the registration
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General-is
authorized by this bill to increase tile registration
fee to twenty cents, but I will speak of that mtfre
particularly in order in my explanation of th«
bill.
Before alluding to the bill and proposing the
amendments which the Post Office Committed
have instructed mo to offer, if there be no objec-
tion, I propose that in the consideration of tlli#
bill speeches shall be limited to ten minutes,1 ill*
stead of one hour, as allowed under the rules. "I
shall not want longer time than ten minutes tiiy 
self on any proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill is referred to lh#
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I will not object to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from In-
diana?
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will understand
that my proposition is to allow each member ten
minutes. Not to limit the entire debate to that
time.
Mr. WADSWORTH. That is just my ob-
jection. Every member will make a speech if you
only give him ten minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I will then speak
briefly as to the object and scope of the bill. It
contains some valuable reforms, in whicll the
j^Post Office Committee of the House entirely con-
cur. It contains one with which the majority of
the House committee concur, but in which I have
been so unfortunate as to differ from them an#
with the Post Office Department. I will state just
here the clause to which I refer. It is that which
changes the compensation of postmasters from
commissions to salaries. I will leave that amend-
ment to the last, in order that we may perfect the
bill in those features in which all the members of
the committee concur with each other and with
the Department. *
Now, sir, ill respect to the reforms proposed by
the bill, the first to which 1 will call the attention
of the House is that which establishes uniform
rates of letter and newspaper postage. It makes
the postage on a letter weighing not more tlwin
half an ounce three cents all over the country.
It makes newspaper postage uniform, wiping
'out the distinction as to crossing State lines.
There are now three hundred different rates of
postage oil printed matter, including the various
descriptions of papers and periodicals and the va-
rious distances they are to be carried. Tins bill
will reduce the maximum number to twelve or
fifteen rates, all easily memorized. It is impos-
sible, under present laws, for postmasters to com-
prehend all the various and multiform rates of
postage on newspapers and other printed matter.
There is another change in the bill, establish-
ing a free carrier system in all the cities in which
letter carrieis are now authorized by law, and yet
that this shall be done without expense to the
Department. This may seem to be an anomaly;
but I will explain that it is accomplished, in the
first place, by increasing the prepaid postage on
drop letters from one to two cents; and in the sec-
ond place it enlarges the earlier system by allow-
ing the Postmaster General to use his carrier sys-
tem for the transportation of small packages, the
pay for which is to swell the fund.
This change, it will be perceived, will confer
some material advantages. In the first place it
will abolish the one cent nuisance to be colletJted
by the carrier for every letter received by mail
and left at the icsidence of the person to whom
the letter is additssed. It is tine it increases the
postage on drop lettei s, but it will compensate for
that by providing a system under which letters
will be distributed in the large cities eight or ten
times a day, instead of only half that number of
times as at present.
The third icform to which I will call attention
reduces the rate of postage on returned dead let-
ters. Under the law passed at the last session of
Congress single letters returned to the writers from
the dead letter office, containing valuables, pay
nine cents postage; (hose not containing valuables,
six cents. This bill fixes the rate on letters con-
taining valuable inclosures at six cents, and on
those not containing valuables at three cents. It
is believed that the entire expense of the dead
litter office will be reimbursed by the return of
