212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
is the same amount as is provided every year, and
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What amount is
appropriated fur theotherTeiritoriesin this item?
Mr. DAILY. Some of them have §15,000, and
some §20,000. I notice here for the Territory of
Colorado, fi20,000. *
Mr. MAYNARD. Has the gentleman ascer-
tained what unexpended balance remains over for
this purpose in Nebraska?
Mr. DAILY. I do not know of any unex-
pended balance that can be applied.
Mr. WASHBUR.2J E calioil for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. S. C. Fes-
8End£n,£Uh1 Thomas of I'lassachusetts, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-five; a farther count not being
demanded.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. 13ENNET moved to amend by inserting
after the word " dollars," in line seven hundred
and twenty, page SO, under the head of "Territory
of Colorado," as follows:
Provided, That a portion of saul appropriation may be
Used for pi luting an edition of the territorial laws in the
Spanish language and for pay of interpreter and translator:
Jtiid provided jurtker, That a sufficient portion of the un-
expended balance ior the present fiscal \ ear be us=ed m the
iamc manner for th« present fiscal veur'nf 18ti3.
_ Mr. BSNNET. I will remark that in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado there are some seven or ei^ht
thousand persons who speak only the Spanish
language, and they have elected members to the
Legislature who cannot speak the English lan-
guage. It has been found necessary, therefore,
to employ an interpreter in the Legislature; and
if we expect to govern these people by law, as we
are attempting to do, wo should certainly give
them the means of knowing what the laws are.
I will state that there is a precedent for what I
propose in the case of New Mexico. There has
been an edition of laws there printed in the Span-
ish language, as well ns in the English language.
?t can be done with very little additional expense
by printing on one page in Cnghsh, and the same
matter on the opposite pa^e in Spanish. I there-
fore hope that this amendment, which contains a
very necessary provision for a Urge portion of our
people, will be adopted.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I rise to a point of order
upon this proposition. I submit that it is intro-
ducing new legislation. We have already made
our appropriations for 1863, and given them di-
rection; and wc cannot change that direction with-
out involving independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, so far as the latter clause of the
amendment j.s concerned.
Mr. B&NNET. Understanding the point of
order to nnply onty to the latter clause, I submit
the amendment without that clause. I move to
insert, at the point indicated, as follows:
Proit-leiy That a portion of said appropriation mav bo
used for printing an edition of the temtormi laws m'thc
Spaniel language, and for pay of interpreter and translator.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish simply to say on that
amendment, that the subject was, by resolution
of the House, referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and the matter placed in my hands. I
have thought it over somewhat, and it seems to
rac undesirable that we should printout* laws in a
foreign language. If we print them in Spanish,
we shall have to do it in German. I hope, there-
fore, that this amendment will not pass, and that
we will not set the precedent of printing our laws
in any other than the English language, I do not
think tnat it will occasion any very great or exten-
sive inconvenience. It is, certainly, a precedent
that we ought not to establish.
Mr. MAYNARP. Does the Chair decidc that
the amendment sn its present form is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does so decide.
Mr. MAYNARD.   am constrained to oppose
the amendment on a principle which has actuated
my conduct r>vcr since I have been a member of
this Houv. \-fhs.t'jvev pi ay he right and expe-
dient in regard to iYew Mexico r.nu the popula-
tion there, looking to thr p.euliar circumstances
under winch ihe}^ were ovuo hi ir.to the Union,
ibe same reason does not apply ti the population
recently embraced by the territorial government of
Colorado. We have a population going into that
TemU-ry f-'om cdj part* ©•* wv'-trv
may be those there who speak the Spanish lan-
guage, there may be those there who speak the
German language, and there may be those there
who speak the Irish language and none other.
A Member. Or the Swedish or the Norwegian
language.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly. The language
of the American people is the English language,
and that ought to be manifested in all of our legis-
lation. Our laws should be published in that lan-
guage. All of our legislative proceedings should
be in that language. Justice should be adminis-
tered in that language. I might state the reason
why I think so, but I shall not. I think I express
the sense of ninety-nino one hundredths of the
American people when I declare that the English
language should remain the language of the Amer-
ican people. Hence I have been always opposed
to all propositions for the printing of laws in the
German language, or any other language except
the English language. It may occasion some in-
convenience, possibly, in the Territory of Colo-
rado; but if this bilingual system of printing the
laws of that Territory be adopted, how long will
it continue? If you do it in this instance, where
are you to stop ? If you do it for those who speak
the Spanish language,you will have presently to
do the same thing for those who speak the Ger-
man and every other language. TThen, instead
of having one language, understood and spoken
by all of the people, you will have a pieced and
patched dialect, that will neither be one language
nor another. For the purpose of retaining the
present uniformity of speech from the Atlantic to
the Pacific ocean, I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I trust that it will be voted down by
the House.
Mr. BENNET. Mr. Chairman, that part of
the gentleman's remarks which apply to the peo-
ple of the Territory of New Mexico will also ap-
ply to the people of the Territory of Colorado. It
must be recollected by members of the House that
a portion of the Territory of Colorado was formed
by a strip from the Territory of New Mexico.
Some seven or eight thousand of the old Mexican
residents weie taken from the Territory of New
Mexico and incorporated into the Territory of
Colorado. What are we to do with those people ?
Are we to enact laws to govern them, and cause
them to live up to them, when they arc published
in alanguage which they do not understand, which
they cannot read, and which will convey no idea
to them of what they ought to do?
Mr. MAYNAItD. How have we been man-
aging with the old French residents of Louisiana
Territory, a great many of whom to this day nei-
ther speak nor understand the English language r
I believe that we have always printed the laws
there in the English language.'
Mr. BENNET. The cases are different. In
that Territory there has always been a large num-
ber who could speak and understand the English
language. There have always been those there
who could read the English language; but we have
a part of the Territory of Colorado where not one
person con read the English language, and where
perhaps not more than one in a hundred con speak
orunderstand it. They send members to the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory who cannot
speak the English language. It is a matter of ne-
cessity that this amendment should he adopted.
The Territorial Legislature has been compelled al-
ready to have an interpreter. As it is now, those ■
seven or eight thousand people are governed by j
laws printed in the English language, which they \
do not understand. As 1 have said, the Legislative j
Assembly has been compelled to employ an in- !
terproier. So also have the courts. When the j
courts are held In the section to which I have re- i
ferred, they are compelled to employ interpreters. '
They cannot carry cn their proceedings except j
through interpreters. A !
In regard to those there who speak the German, !
the Swedish, the Norwegian, and the Irish lan- j
guages, they are very few in number compara- ]
lively; and there are always to be found among 1
them those who can speak or read the English I
language. There is not, therefore, the same ne- '
cessity for printing the laws in those languages ■
as there is for printing them in the Spanish lan- i
guage, as that is the language exclusively of a j
whole section of the Territory. j
Wc ask that the laws shall be printed in Spanish j
in Colorado Territory, as th«y have beon in New •
Mexico for fifteen years. Our people are made up
of a portion of the people who were of that Ter-
ritory when it was acquired from Mexico; and as
they have been in the habit of having their laws
printed in the Spanish language, 1 hope my amend- *
rnent will prevail. It is a matter of necessity, if
we expect them to obey the laws, that they shall
be printed in a language which they can read and
understand.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
order. I make the pointthat the amendmentcon-
flicts with the following rule:
" HO. No appropriation shall be leported in such general
appiopiiation lulls, oi be m order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not pteviously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations 1'or such public woiks
and object5? as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment."
The CHAIRMAN. However good the point
of order may be, it now comes too late.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, oflleur?-, cleiksj and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $lo,GG0.
Mr. WATTS, I move to strike out" $15,000,"
and in lieu thereof to insert " $18,480."
Mr. Chairman, I make that amendment upon
the estimates of the secretary of the Territory of
New Mexico. Restates that $18,480 is required
to meet the legislative expenses of that Territory
for the next fiscal year. I place the fact before
the House, and, without discussion, leave the
amendment to be voted on. In past legislation,
it will be found that wc have never expended for
legislative purposes in that Territory more than
was absolutely necessary. We have frequently
had surpluses of $5,000, which rendered a less
appropriation necessary for the following year.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. "What was the amount
appropriated last year for the legislative expenses
of the Territory of New Mexico ?
Mr. WATTS. Twenty thousand dollars. The
estimate was for $15,000, and that was the amount
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means;
but on the representation that $5,000 more was
needed for the purpose of revising the laws, the
House increased it to $20,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is there any con-
dition of things now existing in that Territory
making a larger appropriation necessary for the
next than for the present fiscal year ?
Mr. WATTS. I am only advised by the es-
timates of the secretary of the Territory that
i $18,480 will be needed. The increase of legisla-
: tive expenses may be because we will have rep-
j rescntativos from Arizona in the Legislative As-
: sembly during the next year, as we have recovered
it from the rebels, which has not been the case for
some time heretofore. But I do not think it worth
while to go beyond the estimates of the secretary
of the Territory. It washis business, and I sup-
pose that he has asked for the amount that will
be required.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the amount will
not be increased to $18,480.- The appropriation
has been carefully made. It was made more last
year because a good deal had to be done in revis-
ing and publishing the laws. If we give them
$15,000,1 have no doubt they will save some of it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WATTS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For salary of fink at the United State5; depository at
Santa Fe, the bum ot .^1,800 per annum ; tin1 -uni of $600
pe>r annum for watchman j and the &umof $100 per annum
tor porter.
Mr. Chairman, a United .States depositary has
been established at Santa Fe. in New Mexico, who
has done a business of $400,000 in regard to the
disbursement and receipt of public funds. Pay-
ment for a clerk cannot be made except by a spe-
cial appropriation. It was established to answer
the necessities of the United States Treasury in
that Territory, and it is desirable that this amend-
ment should be adopted. Jtwill meet with the
approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury. If
necessary, a special recommendation would have
been made by him to Congress in favor nf it. The
salary of the depositary is not included, because
that is already provided for by that law.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I rise to a point of
srclsr. I hold that the amendment is not in order,
