1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
such letters to the writers at the rates which I have
mentioned.
My friend ftom Rhode Island [Mr. Sheffield]
asks me to explain the effect this bill will have
upon the franking privilege. I will state to him
that it was not intended to have any effect upon
the franking1 privilege, one way or the other. As
the House very well understands, I have been for
years in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege. The House has passed a bill to accom-
plish that purpose, but the Senate have rejected
it decidedly; and I learn, reliably, that they will
not concur in it. My colleague on the committee,
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] will, after the
other amendments of the committee have been
adopted, move an amendment restricting the frank-
ing pr.vilege, leaving, however, I have no doubt
gentlemen will be glad to know, the personal priv-
llge of members of Congress in that respect the
same as at present. Theamendmentcontains one
essential feature to which I will advert ri^ht here.
It cuts off the indiscriminate right of a large num-
ber of officers of the Departments to send and re-
ceive letters free. It permits the President and
heads of Departments 10 send their letters free as
now, and permits subordinates in office to send
their correspondence with their superiors in office
also free. But other citizens who wish to write
to the Department, to make application for office,
for instance, will have the privilege of prepaying
their letters.
Amongthe reforms the bill proposes isareduc-^
tion of the incidental expenses of post offices.
And it is a more importantfeaturc of the bill than
fjentlemen would suppose wicnout an examination
of the subject.
Another change proposes that persons directing
their letters to be returned to them if not called
for shall be charged three cents for each letter re-
turned. The law now requires them to be returned
without extra charge.
Another reform is in authorizing letters which
have not^een prepaid with stamps, but which,
from their exterior, show that the lack of prepay-
ment has been accidental, to be sent to the per-
sons to whom they are addressed upon payment
of doubh postage by them.
By the strict letter of the law as it novv'exists,
where the stamps upon letters have become de-
tached, even where the Department is satisfied
that tho postage has been intended to be prepaid,
the letters cannot be sent to their address. The
bill conects that defect in the existing law.
I think that I have stated all of the important
provisions ot ihu bill, and 1 will now proceed to
move the amendments 1 am instructed to odor by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr. HUTClllNS. 1 design to move a substi-
tute for the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. The rule is to pet feet the ori-
ginal bill before tho question is taken on the sub-
stitute. I will now proceed to move the amend-
ments to the original lull.
I move to lnseit in section four, line four, after
the word " three," the words " including box-
rent;" so that it will read:
Hi'.c. 4. Jtnd bo it further enacted, That whencvfM the
compensation ot pn-imnMcrs of the several o'liee- for the
jour consecutive te.m pieeeding the i-t day ot July, ISM,
including boy-rent, sh,.ll h.tve amounted to an «ivei<i!je an-
nual stimnoihwstii,in such offices shall be aligned
to the first eld**, Sec.
This is to carry (Hit the intention of those who
drafted the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, m the second line of
section seven, to strike out the words " once in
two years," and m lieu thereof to insert "annu-
ally;" so that it will toad:
Wec 7. And it further enacted, That the Postmaster
Gonna) has the discretion io icviow nniiu.ill), but not ot- j
tener, and readjust on the Imm-j in the pieeeding sections i
Ot this code provided, the .salary assigned by him to any ]
office, &c. i
The amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. COLFAX. I move, in line three, section ;
nine, after the word " three," to insert these words, i
"and in other offices of recent establishment, and |
regularly increasing business;" in line five, after i
the word "office," to inse t " for a ie&s petiod;" I
and in the eighth line to strike out " when" and ■
insert " where;" so thnt it will read: \
Sec 9 Jhulheit further enacted, That in offices which !
have not been established for four yeais prior to the 1st day I
oi July, 1 6J, and in other offices of recent establish in eat >
and regularly increasing business, the salary may be ad-
justed upon a satisfactory return by the postmaster of the
receipt-?, expenditures, and business of bis office for a less
petiod : Provided, That fifty per cent, of thegioss revenue
of such office shall be in all eases the largest amount al-
lowed to fcueit postmasters for their salaries, respectively,
except in cases wheie it shall be a separating or distrib-
uting office, as provided for iu section eleven of this law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, in line four, section
fourteen, after the word "office," to insert the
word " or;" so that it will read:
Sec.14. Jlndbeitfurther enacted, That every postmaster
shall keep a record in his office ot all postage stamps and
envelopes, and of ail postal books, blanks, or property re-
ceived from ill* ptedecessor in o^iceor fiom the Post dffice
Department, or from any of its agents, and al-o of all pay-
ments in money for postages, and all pavmenta for bo* rents,
and of all other receipts on aoeount-of any part ot the po.-tal
seivice, and of any other transactions which shall bo re-
quired by the Postmaster General, and these lecouls fhall
be preserved and delivered over to his successor in office,
and shall be at ail times subiect to examination of any spe-
cial agent of tho Depattment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. COLFAX. I move, in section fifteen, line
four, to strikeout" has"and inscrt"sha!lhave;"
so that it will read:
Sre. lf>. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever, by
reason of the presence of a military or naval force near any
po.-t office, unusual business accrues tiiereat, the Postmas-
ter General shall have power to make a special oidet allow-
ing ptopoifionntely reasonable compensation to the post-
master, and for clerical service, duiiug the period of such
extiaoidiuaiy business
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, in line fifteen,section
sixteen, after the word " postmasters," to insert
" to the effect;" so that it will read:
And the Postmaster General is fuilher authorized to re-
quiie, by ,i hum to he prepared by him.aswoin statement,
to accompany oi following the quarterly account of any or
all postmaster-, to the clVeet that -itch po-tma-ter ba^ in
such account nuly stated the entue amount of po-tnges,
boK-ient^, and all other charges and emoluments collected
oi received by bin. at his office during *uch quartet.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, in line two, section
seventeen, to strike out the words " has author-
ity,''and to insert in hou thereof "is hereby au-
thotized;"so that it will read:
Sec. 17. ./Jmi beit further enacted, That the Postmaster
Genet a) hereby nut hoi used t<i regulate the periods dtiling
which undeliveied letters*shall leiuuin in any po t office,
and the times such letters shall be relumed to the dead let-
ter office, &.e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move the same amendment
in tho seventh line of the same section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the attention of the
House to an amendment that is material. I move
to strike from the seventeenth section the follow-
ing words: *
Oi whete a ne\v«pnper published within the delivery of
<ui adjoining po-t uil'iu' has the J.ugcst circulation within
tiie po-t wllice dehveiy in qui^tion.
So that it will lead:
lie ha<? authority. aNo, to order the publication of tin; list
of non-deliveied letters at any post ofiiee, in his di-cietion,
b> writing, po-ted in a public place or places, or in any
daily orwt ekiy newspaper resulaily published within the
po-t office dehveiy having the largest circulation within
such delivery ; and where no-uch paper ts published within
the po>t ofiiee delivery, Mich list in.ij lie published in any
new-papei ot an ad|oimng dehveiy having the taigest cn-
cul.ition within thedehvetv of the post office publi.-hmgthc
li-l, &c.
Mr. Speaker, the object of the amendment is
this: the effect of these words sought to be strick-
en out would be to give to a daily newspaper in a
large city the post office advertisements for all of
the suburban towns around it. 1 will give an ex-
ample.
Under this provision, if the New York Herald
has a larger circulation in Brooklyn than any daily
Brooklyn paper, it will get the post office adver-
tisements for Brooklyn. The Post Office Commit-
tee thought that this local patronage of publish-
ing the advertised list of letters should go to the
local papers. In Boston we have a paper of large
ciicula^on.
A Mkmber. The Boston Cornier?
Air. COLFAX. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken m its name. Under the bill as it now
stands, the publication of the lists of advertised
letters in Dorchester, Cambridge, Roxoury, and
the adjoining towns, would be given to the Boston
daily paper having the largest circulation, if they
exceeded in these towns the circulation of their
local papers. So, also,in villages adjacent to Cin-
cinnati, Chicago, &c. It was for that reason the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
moved to strike those words out.
Mr. MOORHEAD, I am opposed to amend-
ing the section in the manner proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana. In my district we have ad-
joining the city of Pittsburg, Alleghany, with a
population of thirty thousand. Now, there isno
daily newspaper in Alleghany,and under the law
as it now stands we have to put up the advertised
listof letters in writing. The gentleman's amend
ment, therefore, would preclude the people of Al-
leghany from having its list of advertised letters
published in a paper of the city ofP'ttsburg, which
generally circulates in their own midst. Jn ordev
to obviate this objection to the amendment as pro-
posed by the gentleman, I suggest that he strike
out the word " such" where it occurs, and in lieu
thereof insert the word "daily," so that it will
read, "and where no daily paper is published
within the post office delivery,"&c. If the gen-
tleman's amendment be modified in that way* )
do not know that 1 will then object to it.
Mr. COLFAX. I have no objection to agree-
ing to that modification of my amendment; I think
it is light and proper, if there be no daily paper
in the delivery distt ict, that the publication of the
list of advertised letters should be given to the
paper of the adjoining district with the laigest
circulation. My amendment allows it in that
event, as the gentleman will see, but 1 am willing
to have it stated specifically. 1 therefore accept
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania as a modification of my own 'amendment.
Mr. McKNIGHT, Lot me make a suggestion.
I think there ought to be a provision inserted in
this bill that the daily paper to be selected shall
not be a paper started as a daily paper for only
two or three days, in order to secure the publica-
tion of the list of advertised letters, and then, as
the saying is, to " go up." That has been done in
some instances, and ought to be provided against
in the future. I think that there ought to be some
disctetion left to the postmaster, in order that the
paper in which the listof advertised letters is pub-
lished shall really be an established daily papei
of the largest circulation.
Mr. COLFAX. There is no danger of any
daily newspaper being started for the mere pur-
pose of getting the publication of the list of ad-
vertised letters, for it now barely pays the cost of
composition.
Mr. McKNlGHT. I know of cases where a
paper was started as a daily paper in order to se-
cuie the publication of the list of advertised let-
ters, andfafterwardscomplaincd, because it did not
get it, that it was compelled to restrict its publi-
cation from once a day to once a week.
Mr. Colfax's amendment, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. In section twenty-one, line
six, I move to strike out "$600," and insert
"$S00;" so that it will read:
Hco. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted, Tli.it letter carriers
shall becinpl;\ed at such post olhces as the Postmaster
General shall direct tor the delivery of letter-* in the places
le-pcctively where such po-t offices are estabiii-hed; arid
tot their services they Muil! severally receive a sa'ary, to be
prescribed by the Postmaster General, not exceeding
per j ear.
This amendment is offered at the request of tho
Post Office Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to strike from the
twenty-seventh section the fourth clause, which
is in these words:
Fourth. Upon all papers and periodicals published less
frequently than once a week: Provided, That tins clause
frball not take effect until the 1st day of July, lb64.
The effect of the fourth clause, if left in the bill,
is to require the publishers of magazines to pre-
pay the postage on the magazines sent through
the mails to their subscribers.
The present system authorizes the subscribers
to all newspapers and magazines to pay their post-
age quaitetly at the post office where they receive
their papers anji magazines; and this bill icquires
them compuisorily to pay in advance or else to
pay as transient mattei, which will be a much
larger sum. The committee thought it was not
wise that while you allow newspapers to send to
subscribers without requiring prepayment, you
should require magazine publishers to prepay the
postage to their subscribers. That amendment
