216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
letter saying that if he had been there he would
have granted the application, and that it had been
refused by a mistake of the chief clerk. This is
simply to remedy that mistake, and let the parties
go to the Commissioner.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ,£esire to hear more
about tills. It is proposed fo extend a patent for
wheels for locomotives. There may be #1,901),(K)0
in this thing?* I should like to know the facts. I
do not know but that these men have an immense
fortune already.
Mr. HALE. To my mind it makes no differ-
ence whether they made millions or lost millions.
J will read the report, as it is very short, and settle
the whole case:
The Committee on Patent* and the Patent Officc, to
•whom was referred the meinotmi of Thatchci Perkins and
Wiiiiam MeMahon, make the following re pott:
It appears from the testimony in this cat o that the me-
morialist? had properly applied for an extension of their
patent granted them for an improvement in the construc-
tion ot east-iron wheels for locomotive engines, cat**,
tiuelw, &e.; that, in the absence of the Commissioner of
Patents, the matter of the application was hoaid by the chief
clerk, who, through a mistake of facts in the ease, i ejected
the application at a point of ttrue when it became too Sate
for a hearing befmo the Commissioner ol Patents. The
memorialists now pray that they may be allowed a hearing
befoie the Commissioner of Patents on their application
for an extension.
Among other evidence before yout committee tending
to show that the prayci of the memorialist* ought to be
-granted, is a letter from Mr. Ma-son, the Commissioner of
t'.Uents then in offiee, ad'Ve^ed to Messrs. Peikms 5c
MeMahon, of which the following is an extract:
Your letter of the 21>t ultimo has been received, to-
gether with certified copies ot all the papei* necc-^arv to
enable me fully to understand the ca^eot your application
tortiie extension of join patent ot Apnl iU. 18-13, for an
improvement m the manuci of con&tructn>g car whet-U,
Bee. After a lull examination ot the papeis and the ou-
gmal patent, together with thegiounds on which the exten-
sion was ret used, I have no hesitation in raying that I think
the examiner was in erroi in his couelusdon that the in-
vention was not originally patentable. liad 1 been piesent
at the time the matfer was actcd upon, J should h.ive had
no hesitation in granting the extension, if no othci leasou
fot refiwng it had been presented than that contained in
the two icports of the examiner.'*
Your committee think the above is conclusive of the
right and justice of giantmg the praj er of the memorialists,
and have reported a bill acconhngly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention has not been
callcd to this subject until tins moment. I have
had no opportunity to look into the papers, but it
appears that this is an application for the exten-
sion of a patent which was granted on the 10th
of April, 1843. Patents were issued at that time
for fourteen years. This patent expired, then, on
the 10th of April, 1857, and everybody has been
permitted since that time, of course, to use this
improvement. Nearly six years have elapsed
since the patent expired. It is very dangerous to
authorize a person whose patent expired six years
ftgo to come in now and have that patent reestab-
lished. The rights of third persons have inter-
vened. I know there is a clause in this bill which
says that the rights of third persons shall be saved,
but how can that bedoner Indeed, I hardly know
what that clause means as it stands; and I think
the bill is objectionable for not being more specific
in thatrespect. Are men who have invested money
in the manufacture of these articles, are men who
have established shops for the manufacture of the
very tiling for which tins parent was obtained, to
stop their business after this bill passes>
I do not like to interpose an objection to a bill
reported by a committee, wheie 1 have not been
upon the committee and investigated it, but it
strikes me upon the fac of this bill, neatly six
years having transpired since this patent expired,
that it is very dangerous indeed to authorize the
patent to be extended at this time; for certainly if
the improvement is worth anything, it is being
manufactured all over the country; and if it is not
worth anything, there ought not to be any patent
for it.
Mr. HALE. This is not a bill to renew this
pau  t or to extend it; it simply proposes to au-
thoiize the party to go before the tribunal estab-
lished by the law and have a hearing, which he
was prevented from having by mistake. As to
the objection in regarl to the right of thiid per-
sons, the bill is ample. It provides:
'•And if, after such reexamination, the said
siu'S'-! vhn.it be of opinion that there is -itch equity m the
said apphcatton of the said Perkins MeMahon a"- toius-
t:t\ the< xtension prayed tor, that thereupon he thall extend
said patent, in eonioanity with existing laws togulatuig the
extending of patents, foi the tenn ot ^even yeais from and
at ten the date of the extension, saving the limits of tin id per-
sons which have intervened and accrued bince the expna-
Uon of said patent and before the extension of the same."
It seems to me it is as well guarded as it can
possibly be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to vote for a
bill which may involve the interests of thousands
of people engaged in the manufacture of these
things without understanding it. If this patent
is extended for seven years, it will give the pat-
entee a monopoly in the manufacture of wheels
which may now be manufactured by more than
a thousand different machinists in this country.
It will destroy their interests in all the modes and
forms by which they have carried on their busi-
ness. It may destroy or impair the value of rail-
road locomotives. It may create litigation in the
way of claims for the patent interest. It seems to
me it is a very dangerous movement so hastily to
pass a bill of such great importance. It is known
that locomotive wheels have been improved very
much. This improvement may be a valuable im-
provement, but it is now in possession of tin' pub-
lic, and has been in possession of the public for six
years without objection. This applicant had the
benefit of one trial. He applied for an extension,
and that extension was refused. It seems to me
that now he ought to rest upon that trial, or he
should have taken, at the proper time, an appeal
to the Commissioner, who could have rectified the
error of his subordinate. I believe that in all cases
appeals may be taken from the decision of an ex-
aminer to the head of the bureau, and from the
head of the bureau even to the head of the Depart-
ment. There docs not seem to have been any ap-
peal from the decision of the examiner in this case;
and surely now, after the lapse of six years, we
should not attempt to correct what is alleged to
be an erroneous opinion of the examiner, when
it may involve the property and interests of many
thousands of people. It strikes me so. I think
therefore we ought not to pass a bill of this kind.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think the bill
can have no such operation as is supposed on the
part of those who fear it. The saving clause in
the concluding part of it is for the very purpose
of preventing the anticipated mischief. The mo-
ment a patent expires, and a man undertakes the
manufacture of a patented article, he has a right
accruing to him; and if the patent should after-
wards be extended, that right is reserved to him,
the same as though there was no extension.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ris;ht there, if the Senator
from Pennsylvania will allow me, I confess I do
not exactly understand what will be the effect ot
that saving clause. There is no particular right
to be saved in the intervening time, after the pat-
ent has expired, as I understand it. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania uudeistand that a manu-
facturer who has invested his means in the making
of this particular improvement would be permitted
to go on with it if the patent were extended?
Mr. COWAN. I have no doubt of it. His
right is saved, and he goes on precisely the same
as befoie.
Mr. TRUMBJJLL. And can he manufacture
the article just the same as if the patent was not
extended ?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then everybody else has
the same right.
Mr. COWAN. No.
Air. TRUMBULL, Can he enlarge his busi-
ness, or must he do just as much as he did before '
Mr. COWAN. I should think he must go on
just as he was doing before. This is a very com-
mon clause, that is attached to all bills of this kind
for the purpose of saving interests which have ac-
crued.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let that clause of the bill
be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Savingthe lights ofthird persons which have intervened
and accrued since the expiiation of.said patent, and before
the extension of the same."
Air. COLLAMER. According to the natural
construction of that provision, inasmuch as when
the patent expired everybody had a right to make
the article, if everybody is saved in his rights, of
course everybody will have a right to make the
articles afterward, and the extension of the patent
will amount to nothing.
Air. COWAN. It is not an abstract right; it
is rather a right coupled with an interest which is
to be saved.
Air. COLLAMER. The bill eays nothing of
that kind. *
Mr. COWAN. That would be the fair con-
struction. It would not be construed so as to de-
stroy it, but constiued so as to make it avail.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand the legal
effect of the bill, it would be to prevent suits
being instituted for the use of the patented article
since the expiration of the patent up to this time;
but the patentee may claim for every wheel made
under this patent from the date of the passage of
this act, from the time the patent is extended up
to the time when the new patent expires, so that
he may tax, at his own pleasure, an employment
which is now lawful, and in which a man may
have invested a large sum of money in making
molds, machinery, &c.
Mr. HALE. Is it not the safest way for us, if
we are satisfied that injustice has been done here—
and I think we must be, on the report of the com-
mittee—to send the case to the regularly consti-
tuted tribunals who understand the provisions of
the law? And there is nothing, it seems to me,
that shows the folly of the Senate undertaking to
act in this matter mme than the case presented by
this bill. This bill does not undertake to do any-
thing on earth except simply to send the party
back to the tribunal instituted by the law for the
redress of a mistake. That is the whole of it.
DISCHARGE OF STAl'E PRISONERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order of the day, being the
bankrupt bill.
Mr. POWELL. I desire fo notify the.Senate
that to-morrow morning 1 shall call up the reso-
lution relative to the older of General Grant
touching the expulsion of the Jews from Paducah.
Mr. FOSTER. It was, I believe, the general
understanding of the Senate yesterday that this
bill was to be laid aside infoimally, in order to
allow the honorable Senator from New Jersey to
address the Senate on a bill winch was then pend-
ing. I hope, therefore, by common consent, it
will be laid aside for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none. The bill (H. R. No. 362) to provide
for the discharge of Suite prisoners and others,
and to authorize the judges of the United Stales
courts to take bail or recognizances for the twal
of the same, is before the Senate, the question
pending being on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Powell] to strike out the third
section of the bill.
Mr. FIELD. Mr. President, the motion is to
strike out the third section of this bill. There
are two objections to the provisions of that sec-
tion. The first is, it takes for granted that the
power of suspending the privilege of the writ of
habeas corjnts is conferred by the Constitution upon
Congress alone; and then itpioposes that Con-
gress should delegate to the President, not only
the power of suspending the writ, but also of de-
termining whether the exigency has arisen which
would justify such a suspension. Both these
objections, I think, are well taken. I hold that
the Constitution of the United States confers upon
the President, and not upon Congress, the power
of suspending the privilege of the wiitof habeas
corpus; but if mistaken m this, I hold that Con-
gress has no authority to delegate to the Presi-
dent the exercise of such a power. All. President,
the ninth section of the first at tide of the Consti-
tution of the United States provides, in effect, that
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus may be
suspended when, m case of rebellion or invasion,
the public safety may require it. As to tc/im this
writ may be suspended, there can be no doubt.
The Constitution has defined it with its accus-
tomed precision and accuracy. It is confined
altogether to cases of rebellion or invasion, where
the public safety may require it. But in reference
to the question by whom that power is to be exer-
cised, the Constitution is not so explicit. Ilere
there is room for doubt, and for differences of
opinion, and this is the question to which I now
propose to call for a few moments the attention
of the Senate.
If ever there was an important question, this is
one; for it touches upon the one hand the liberty
of the citizen, and upon the other the life of the
nation. It is, too, a new question. It is a case
of the very first impression. It has never been
the eubjcot of a judicial decision; nor, until the
