218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
section of the first article, that it is necessarily
restrictive of the legislative power.
But there is another and a very satisfactory an-
swer still to be given. When this clause was pro-
posed and adopted by the Convention that framed
the Congjrtution, it was proposed and adopted not
as a pnflRu this section, but as a part of a very
different section. It was not proposed as a part
of the article relating to the legislature. .It was
prooosed as a part of the article relating to the
judiciary, and it was adopted in that form, and
continued to stand as an amendment to the judi-
ciary article until a short time before the Conven- .
tion closed their labors; and then, as we all know, 1
a committee was appointed to revise the style and j
arrangement of the several articles, and itwas that
committee that placed the clause where it now
stands. The fact that they did change the posi- (
tion of this clause cannot possibly have been in- ,
tended to affect its import or meaning; and it was !
very naturally inserted by them in this ninth sec- ;
tion of the first article because it was a clausc re-
strictive m Us character; but it was restrictive, 1 :
insist, not of the legislative but of the executive ;
power. |
Mr. President, another argument, and I think ;
a very strong one, in favor of this being an execu- |
tive and not a legislative power, is to be derived :
from the history of the clause in its progress |
through the Convention. As the clause was ori- I
ginally proposed, and subsequently modified, by
Mr. Charles Pmckney, of South Carolina, it read ]
thus:
"The privileges and benefits of the wnt of habeascorpus
shall be enjoyed in this Government in the most expeditious
and ample jnannei. and shall not be Mifpendcd Injthc le-
gislature except upon the most urgent and piecing occa-
sions, and for a limited time, not exceeding months."
Here was a proposition distinctly made, that the \
power of suspending the privileges of the writ of !
habeascorpus should be exercised by the legislature i
upon urgent and pressing occasions, and the Con-
vention refused to adopt it. At a subsequent peri- :
od, Gouvemeur Morris, of New York, brought in ,
the clause in the form in which it now stands in the J
Constitution,anditwasadopted;difleringfronithe ;
clause originally proposed, in these two particu- i
lars: first, it confined the exercise of the power to j
cases of rebellion or invasion, and then there was ,
an omission of all reference to the legislative power. I
This furnishes, it is true, a negative argument, but,
I submit, an argumentofgreat weight and power.
Why was all reference to the legislature stricken ■
out of the clause as it was finally adopted? It 1
could not be becaus© the attention of the Conven-
tion was not called to the subject. Jt could not !
have been the result of inadvertence. There must
have been a design in it. What could have been ,
that design ? Itmusthavebeen eitherbecause they ■
meant to confer this power upon the Presidentand
not upon Congress, or because they supposed the
reference to Congress was unnecessary, being im-
plied from the language and structure of the clause.
That they could have supposed there was any ne- ,
cessary implication that would have made the use j
of the word " Congress" superfluous is not very !
probable, from the fact that it was not proposed as
a part of the article,relating to the legislature, but
to the judiciary; and it is rendered highly improb-
able, from the further fact that there is an express
refeience to the legislature in other clauses, whore,
to say the least, the implication would seem to be
much stronger than here; as, for instance, in the
preceding clause of the same section. And, there-
fore, the only alternative to which we are reduced
is, that no reference was made to Congress, sim-
ply because the Convention intended to confer the
power upon the President, and upon the President
alone.
But, Mr. President, if the Convention meant to
say that Congress should exercise this power, why
did they not say so? The inseitiou of a single
word in the clau.se would have been sufficient to
remove ail ambiguity in regard to it. I am awar^
it may be retorted, if they had meant to confertho
power on the President why did they not make
use of the word " PresidentNow, I think a
reason can be assigned why they may have me^nt
to confer the power upon the President without
any reference to him, and yet why they could not
have intended to confer the power upon Congress
without some reference to it; and that reason is
founded upon a very important distinction, which
ought not to be lost sight of, between the language
of the Constitution when it confers executive
power, and the language of the Constitutioi*wheri
it confers legislative power. All executive power
is conferred upon the President; that is, the Con-
stitution confers upon the President the executive
power generally; whereas all legislative power is
notconferredupon Congress, nor legislative power
generally. On the contrary, the language of the
first article of the Constitution is:
" All legislative powers herein granted, shall be vested in
a Congress."
Then, it is not enough to show that a power
is a legislative power in order to show that it is
vested in Congress; because only those legislative
powers are vested in Congress which are expressly
granted; and therefore it was not enough for the
Convention to have said this privilege of the writ of
habeascorpusmtiy besuspended,withoutany refer-
ence to Congress, if they really intended that Con-
gress alone should exercise that power; whereas
in reference to the Executive, there was no neces-
sity for any reference to the President, inasmuch
as the power is fiom its very nature an executive
power, and executive powers generally are con-
ferred upon the President. There is no enumera-
tion of the executive powers of the President in the
Constitution, as there is of the legislative powers
of Congress. You wail find that the onlv executive
powers which arc enumerated in the Constitution
at all, are powers intended to be exercised by the
Presidentin conjunction with or in control of other
departments of the Government.
I think, sir, I have established that there is noth-
ing in the practice or in the thcoiy of the British
constitution; thcic is nothing in the position which
this clause occupies in our Constitution; there is
nothing in the history of this clause in its passage
through the Convention, and there is nothing in
the omission of all reference to legislative power
that can furnish any argument in favor of this
power being intended to be a legislative power.
And now, Mr. President, it remains only to in-
quire what is the nature of this power? Is it an
executive power, or is it a legislative power? If
it is an executive power, then I insist that the only
possible construction that can be put on this clause
of the Constitution is that it was designed to give
the power in question to the President. In order
to judge of the nature of the power we must ascer-
tain when it is to be exercised. It is to be exer-
cised only in two cases, rebellion and invasion.
Fiist, in case of rebellion—not a mere local sedi-
tion, not insurrection only, which'is opposition
to some particular law, as the whisky insurrection
for instance, but rebellion, which involves the
overthrow of the Constitution and Government
itself; which is an opposition to all laws. Second,
invasion—not merely foreign war, but foreign war
accompanied by invasion, the tendency of which,
j m like manner, would be the overthrow of the
1 Government, Constitution, and laws.
j Now, whose duty is it to preserve the Govern-
■ ment, protect the Constitution, and execute the
laws? ThcPresident,byhisoathofoffice,swears
that he will preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States; and then it is made
his duty to <£ take care that the laws be faithfully
executed." Rebellion is resistance to these laws.
Rebellion is an attempt to overthrow this Consti-
tution and Government. Who, then, is compe-
!; tent to decide whether the exigency has arisen
:j which will justify the suspension of the writ of
I habeas corpus? Who but the President alone?
; | Congress may not be in session. For nine months
! out of the twelve, every other year, Congress is
not in session; and yet the idea is that the fram-
; ers of this Constitution meant to confer upon that
1 body alone the power of suspending the writ of
i habeascorpus. Suppose Congress were in session,
| how could that body know whether the exigency
. [ hod arisen? How could Congress know whether
; | the execution of the laws had been resisted ? They
'j would have to depend upon the President for the
information upon which they were to act; and
J then while a bill for the purpose of suspending the
! privilege of the writ of habeas corpus was making
! its way through both Houses, every individual
,! engaged in a conspiracy for the overthrow of the
! Government might be at the distance of a thou-
\ \ s.r..d miles from the seat of Government. How
'! utterly impossible, then, would it be for Confess
\[ to exercise such u power as this. This power,
:| I admit, is a high, transcendent power. It is a
power which ought never to be exercised except
upon the most solemn, pressing, and urgent oc-
casions. But, sir, it is a power the exercise of
which may be absolutely essential to the very ex-
istence of the Government; and in order that it
should be efficacious, in order that it should ac-
complish the end for which it is designed, it must
be exercised with the utmost promptitude and
vigor. The slightest delay may fiustratc entiiely
the objects sought to be accomplished by it. The
idea, then, that a power of this character, which
depends for its successful exercise on the utmost
possible promptness and alacrity, should be ex-
ercised by Congress and not by the President, is
a reflection, it seems to me, upon the wisdom of
those who framed this instrument; it is an im-
peachment of their character which I, for one,
am not willing to make.
Mr. President, look for one moment at the cir-
cumstances which accompanied the opening of
this rebellion. If the late President of the United
States had possessed this power, as I think he did,
and if he had been disposed to exercise it, as I
think he ought, he might have crushed this rebel-
lion in its infancy. Why, sir, it was hatched
under his own eye—I was going to say, in this
very Senate Chamber. I remember well, and I
shall never forget the emotions that I experienced,
sitting in the gallery of this Chamber iu the month
of February, 1861, when the Senatois from Lou-
isiana delivered their parting addresses to the Sen-
ate. I remember their sending to the Secretary's
table to be read the ordinance of secession that
had just been adopted by the State of Louisiana,
and'then they proceeded to deliver their insolent
addresses, every sentence of which was fraught
;! with treason, and breathed defiance against the
|! Government. Oh, how strongly I was reminded
ji of that fiery philippic that was uttered upon an-
1 other memorable occasion against a conspirator
who had dared to deseciate by his presence a Ro-
man senate. How strongly was brought to my
mind those burning words with which that great
philippic opened, which has been so familiar to us
'! in our school-boy days—"Quousque tandem abu-
tere, Catilina, palienlia nostra? " IIowI \\ tshed
that there could have been found at that time upon
this floor some American Senator to pour out upon
the heads of those rebels a lava stream of patri-
otic indignation. But no voice of rebuke was
heard; and these men, after resigning their seats
in the Senate for the avowed purpose of linking
their fortunes with rebel States, were allowed to
depart from this Hall with the triumphant air of
conquerors, and to receive without interrupt ion tho
• congratulations of their friends.
' Now, will any man tell me that the frames of
] the Constitution of theUnited States did not mean
i to confer upon some department of the Govern-
ment the power of preventing the consummation
!! of such purposes as those r Why, sir, if a sen re
j| of men in thecitv of Washington had beennriest-
\[ ed by order ofthe President of the United States,
'j and had been kept in confinement until the storm
;! had blown over, m all human probability thnre-
;i belhon might at that time have been ci uslied. And
\\ yet gentlemen who insist that this power can only
be exercised by Congress, will be obliged in can-
dor to admit that for"such an emergency as that
of which I have spoken it would ha\ e been wholly
inoperative. Could a bill have been mtiodei-ed
into Congress at that time for the purpose of sus-
pending the privilege of the wnt of habeas corpus
( in the case of those conspirators, almost < v -u y one
of whom was a member of this body- Ilowab-
ij surd, it seems to me, is the idea that this power is
1 one which can by possibility be exercised by the
| legislative power. A conspiracy like tln^, hav-
;i mg its ramifications in so many different States,
j will always be likely to include a poition of the
i members of both Houses of Congi-vs; jn-d then
■; how impossible would it be for a mil to b< passed
<i iu time to produce any effect, suppo.-ing Conyrcsa
!; to be in session when tile rebt ihon breaks out.
^ But let it once be settled that tiv legislatu:-• alone
1 can exercise this power, and depend upon it tnat
a rebellion will never break out win n Congress JS
m session.
In tins point of view, sir, it does seem t<> a
■ matter of infinite importance that this question
i, should be settled upon true constitutional giounds;
, and that if it is realty a power possessed by the
j President, it should be so understood. Gentle-
ji men sometimes appear to be afraid to meet this
i question. Itseems to be imagined that this power
