1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
is too large and dangerous a power to be conferred
upon the President of the United States, while it
is admitted at the same time that it may safely and
wisely be conferred upon Congress; and there are
those who, in justifying the recent arrests made
by the President, prefer putting themselves upon
the ground of what is called martial law, or the
military power of the President, rathei than upon
this clause in the Constitution. I confers that I
viewthe matterin an cntirelydiiferenthght. If the
power be a dangerous power, then I say it is bet-
ter that it should bo conferred upon the President
than upon Congress; because the executive power
of our Government must be conceded to be the
feebler power of the two. There never, perhaps,
has existed in any other Government so leeble an
executive as that which we have, wheteas the
power of Congress is immense. As jVlonu-squieu
said with repaid to the British constitution, if the
liberties of England were ever destroyed it would
be by Parliament, so I think it may be said with
regard to this country, that if our liberties are
ever destined to perish, it will be by the power of
Congress, and not by that of the President. And
then do not those who are willing to justify these
arrests upon the ground of martial law perceive
that they are attributing to the Presidenta power
infinitely more dangeious than that which is con-
ferred by this clause in the Constitution?
Mr. President, gentlemen talk about martial
law—I say it with great respect—in a very vague
and loose way. In the ordinary and popular mean-
ing of this term, I do not believe then can be such
a thing as martial Ijw in this countiy. If what is
meant by martial law is only the law which is
administered by a court-martial, then I concede
we have such a law; and it is regulated by the
articles of war. But this is a law which operates
only upon military men, and takes cognizance only
of military matters. No one will pretend that
these arrests m civd cases can be justified by any
such law as that. Then the President of the Uni-
ted States possesses, as Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, military authority of a very
ln«h, and perhaps a very undefined character,
which is to be exercised by him or by those who
represent him at the head of the Army; and that
is u law which is regulated by that international
code which governs the civilized nations of the
world.
Apart from martial law, in the sense of law
administered by a court-martial, and the military
pow( r exorcised by the President as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, I know of no
such thing as martini law in this country. It has
no existence. It has none in England^ It has
been declared by the very highest authorities that
there can be no such thing as martial law in that
sense m England. Martial law is indeed no law
at all. lr is the absence of all law. You may talk
about it in a military despotism like that of Prance,
but it can have no existence in this country. I warn
gentlemen, then, against claiming for the Pres-
ident the power of making these arrests under any
such notion as thatof martial law. No, sir; he has
the power to make these arrests by this clause in
the Constitution, or he has usurped an authority
which does not belong to him, and every indi-
vidual who has been concerned m making these
arrests is liable both to a civil and a criminal pros-
ecution.
Mr. President, there has been one attempt, and
but one, made since the Constitution was adopted
to induce Congress to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus. In 3^07, Mr. Jefferson sent
a message to Congress intimating that certain in-
dividuals supposed to be implicated in the con-
spiracy of Aaron Burr had been discharged upon
habeas corpus, leaving it to be inferred, tor he did
not say so in expressj.erms, that he desired the
privilege of the writ to be suspended; and there-
upon, although there was no rebellion, nor any-
thing that could be tortured into the idea of re-
bellion,the Senate, m secret session,passed o bill
suspending the privileges of the habeas corpus act.
But when that bill went down to the lower House,
it was rejected by 113 to 19 in its favor. What
the grounds of this rejection were do not appear.
It may have been because the House of Repre-
sentatives supposed that the case was one which
did not warrant the exercise of the power; or it
may have been upon the ground that they did not
possess this power themselves.
How extraordinary that Mr. Jefferson should
have been the man to have invited an exercise of
this power by Congress—Mr. Jefferson, who had
always insisted that the writ of habeas corpus should
never be suspended under any circumstances—
Mr. Jefferson, who had always insisted that the
writ of habeas corpus ought to be considered of
eternal and immutable obligation,and that under
no circumstances should it ever be suspended.
This was in keeping with his peculiar views.
The truth is, Mr. Jefferson had no great objec-
tion to a rebellion. In fact, he declared upon one
occasion that he thought there ought to be a re-
bellion in every country at least once in every
twenty years. He thought it would have the ef-
fect of purifying the political atmosphere, and let-
ting out tho had blood of a nation. Even Shay's
rebellion, which preceded the adoption of the Con-
stitution,and which almost destroyed all civil gov-
ernment in Massachusetts, had no terrors m his
eyes. Had Mr. Jefferson lived to see this day,
[ think he would have been satisfied that such a
rebellion as this ought not to occur more than once
in the lifetime of a nation.
Mr. President, unless there be a power con-
ferred upon the Executive to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus in cases of rebellion or
invasion, then our Constitution presents the only
instance in the history of the world in which no
provision has been made for a case of tins kind.
No constitution of government, ancient or modem,
can be found in which there is not some power
reserved for an emcigency like this. What peo-
ple were ever more jealous of their liberties than
were the Roman people ? They hated kingly au-
thority, and they had a right to hate it.
{4 0 ! you and I have heard our father
Thoie wa^ a Hrutus once, that would have brook'd
The eternal devil to keep lus state m ltoinf1,
Ay easily as a kmi,'."
And this is but a true expression of the senti-
ment of that people; and yet their constitution pro-
vided for the appointment of a dictator at a time
like this, whose business it should be to see that
the republic sulfered no detriment.
Tins question has been much discussed of late,
and various are the opinions that have been ex-
pressed in relation to it. 1 do not propose to go
into an examination of these various and conflict-
ing opinions; but I think I am justified m saying
that the weight of authority is on the side of that
position which I have assumed.
There is one nnrm-, the authority of which upon
this occasion I desire to invoke, because the indi-
vidual to whom I allude has brought to bear upon
the discu^bion of this question a degree of exhaust-
ing labor and research which would give to his
opinions upon any subject very gieut weight and
importance. I allude to lloiace Kinney, of Phil-
adelphia—c la rum ct vciicrabile notnen—a man who
is just drawing to a close one of the longest and
at the same time one of the most brilliant profes-
sional careers that any man in this country has
ever enjoyed; a man who now, although far down
in the vale of years, exhibits all that vigor of mind
which characterized Ins eailiest manhood; a man
who for so many years stood preeminent at a bar
which boasted, and not without reason, of being
second to no bar in this country ; a man, m short,
upon whom, if the office of a Marshall had fallen,
as at one time it was hoped it would, the mantle
of a Marshall would have fallen no less in all its
fullness and in all its richness. Fortified by the
authority of so great a name, I feci additional con-
fidence m the conclusion to whie.h I have come.
Mr. President, it is a matter of immense import-
ance, I think, that this power of the President
should be put upon its true ground, and that if
he possesses the power he should be allowed to
exercise it; nay, that he should be, I was going
to say, compelled to exercise it, whmiovcr the ex-
igency arises to justify its use. We have heard
a great deal of clamor against these arrests that
have been made duimg the last two years; and I
am afraid that some of the friends of the Admin-
istration have attached entirely too much import-,
ance to these clamors; I am afraid H has some-
times been thought that they have contributed no
little to the result of some of the recent elections.
Sir, I do not believe it. I do not believe that these
anervts have had the slightest effect upon the re-
sult of those elections. Why, sir, what ts it that
those who are opposed to the Administration" do
not clamor about? If these arrests had not been
made, they would only have been furnished with
one less topic for popular declamation. Every
power which ihe Administration has attempted
to exercise for the purpose of crushing this rebel-
lion has, with a certain class of men, met only
from the first with determined, malignant oppo-
sition.
So far as these arrests are concerned, while I
am willing to admit that mistakes have been made
with regard to them,as mistakes must have been
made, yet if any fault is to be found, if any com-
plaint is to be made against this Administration,
it is that they have not made as many arrests as
they ought to have made. I believe that if the
power with which the Constitution has clothed
the President of the United States had only been
exerted in the first instance with vigor and en-
ergy and fearlessness, the probability is that much
blood and much treasure might have been saved
to the nation.
Mr. President, I have already occupied more
of the time of the Senate than I should have done;
and I fear that I have exhausted their patience m
the discussion of what may seem to some to be a
diy question of law; but i am not willing to take
my seat without troubling the Senate with a few
remarks in reference to topics connected, I admit,
more particularly with the State which I in part
represent. I hold in my hand a series of resolu-
tions adopted by the Democratic State conven-
tion of New Jersey, on the 4th day of September,
1862; and I desire for a moment to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a few of these resolutions;
Whereas, the Democracy ot New Jersey have again as-
sembled in convention to exescise the light of freemen to
[ -nominate a candidate toi the highest otfice hi the gift of the
I people; and wheieas wo hold ihatftppularconvenhon1- may
I alone right! nil v proclaim the tenets of the party: Th^re-me,
! 1. llciohcl, That deploitng the demoiahzmg tendency
I of Hie higher law teaching of the Republican party, we
! teei impelled to reitciato our laith m the doctrine, that con-
j stitutionat lnw is ti)C only true basis of executive action in
} peace nr wai.
| 2. Rcsolw!) That in the pie^ent exigencies of theeoun-
\ try we extend to the national AdminMiation our mo-t eor-
j d'al Mjppoit foi the speedy clippies-ion of the rebellion by
i all constitutional means, and that the party stands, as it
; has ever stood since the formation ot the Government, Toi
i the Union, tin- Constitution, and enforcement of the laws.
3 IlrsolvPfh That as ni ebtabhshing the Constitution the
people te^erved to themselves all powers not delegated to
the Government, theiefore all assumptions of powei by the
Administration, whether m the ^uspensHon of the wilt of
habeas corpus, ai rots and impi isomnent without due eour-e
of law, oi je&metions ot the heedoin of speech and of tne
press, .itc dangerous mfnni;emenl-. of the constitutional
ughN of the people, onlv to be patiently home by the hope-
sorts of an n icMstiblo despotism.
•!. Resolved, Thai while we entei our solemn pvoton
apjamst the t ueklovs extravagance, infamous peculation, and
political outrages of wlneh the party in power is ijuilty.and
while we deprecate the honors ot the eivtl conflict now
laginjr, vv e still hold it our duty to advocate the u^e of e\ < ty
constitutional means to the extent of the full powei oi the
Government for the suppression of the iebeihon,lhe vindi-
cation ot the authority of the Constitution as it is, and the
legislation of the Cmou as it wa«.
5. Resolved, That we entirely regret and abhor the idea
that as an ob)?et of the present civil war any pmpo^e of
ennuicipahon of the fclaves shall bo thereby ptomoteci or at
ail iceaided; and that the language lpccirtiy used h} the
Washington Republican, that<k the farce ot lestoring the
Union of the States is about plajed out,"' is utieily infa-
mous, and dcftrving of, as it will receive, the mo^t solemn
and severe condemnation of all hue patriots*.
Mr. President, I will read no more of these reso-
lutions. It is very manifest that the only war
which these men suppose themselves to be en-
gagedinis awaragainsttheAdministration. There
is not one solitary resolution in the whole series
which looks to the causes of this rebellion, or
which expresses the slightest resentmeutorindig-
nation against those who are the wicked authors
of it. Now, sir, 1 say this is a melancholy spec-
tacle—that at a time like this, when we arc strug-
gling for our very existence as a nation, a party
should be found whose sole business would
seem to be to embarrass in every possible way
the administration of the Government. But, sir,
it was not to the character of these resolutions
generally that I meant to call the attention of the
Senate; it was to that one more especially which
points to the subject uf slavery. It is very mani-
fest whcitthese gentlemen understand by the "con-
stitutional means" which they think ought alone
to be employed for the purpose of putting down
this rebellion. It in perfectly clear that the Demo-
cratic convention of New Jersey meant to say that
they regarded with abhorrence any attempt to in-
terfere v,n th slavery, no matter how necessary such
interference might be for the purpose of suppress-
ing this rebellion. A.nd that resolution prompts
me to submit to the Senate a few remarks in refer-
