1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
of the ritate, in the direction of Galveston bay, in Texas,
with a bianch from Lawrence, by tlie valley of the Waka-
nisa liver, to a point on llio Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 lailroad where said road interacts the Neosho ii\ei j
second, a toad from the city of Atchison, via Topeka, the
capital of said Stale, to the western line of the State in the
direction of Fort Union and Santa F6, New Mexico, with
a branch from where this la t-nained road crosses the Ne-
osho, down said Neosho valley to the point where the said
first-named road enteis the said Neosho valley.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not exactly under-
stand what this bi'l is. Is it to grant lands to a
railroad company ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Alternate sections.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Has the amendment been
moved by the Committee on Public Lands?
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Theselectcom-
mittee on the Pacific railroad reported an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute for the original
bill. The Senator from Kansas moves an amend-
ment to thatamendment, which hasjustbeen read.
The amendment, to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move, further, to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word "pro-
vided," in line forty-one of scction one, the fol-
lowing additional proviso:
Provided further. That 110 part of the land granted by
this act hhall be applied to aid m the con&u notion of any
railroad or part thereof, for the construction of which any
previous grant of land or bonds may have been made by
Congress.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
whether this amendment meets with the sanction
of that committee.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill has not been referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. It was re-
ported from the committee on the Pacific rail-
road. It was submitted by that committee to me
to be drawn in conformity to the principles that
have controlled similar grants in other States.
The substitute for the bill was drawn up in con-
formity to the bill granting lands to Iowa, I think
with the same restrictions. There is one devi-
ation, however. The range on each side of th«
road within which the selection may be made is
twenty miles, instead of fifteen miles. I put that
in on this account: the valuable lands near the
Missouri river have been taken up by Indian
reservations and by the settlers, so that the rail-
road companies will derive nothing from the grant
in that body of lands which are valuable. They
will get land out some hundreds of miles from
the Missouri river, wheie the lands arc compara-
tively worthless. Hence it was thought best by
me to enlarge the range on each side of the road
from which to select their land. Everybody who
has traveled over that country knows that the
land is not aw good after you have gone out one
hundred or two hundred miles from the river.
This I think is the only deviation from the bills
that have been passed to aid other States in the
Mississippi valley. 1 think, however, there are
some other verbal amendments that ought to be
made to harmonize the bill. I gave them to the
Senator from Kansas; perhaps they are in his
possession.
Mr. POMEROY. They are here. In the nine-
teenth line of section one, the letter " s" should be
added to the word " road;" and the word (c pub-
lic" should be inserted before " lands," in the
twcnty-fifih line. In the thirty-sixth line, the let-
ter " s" should be added to the word " road,"and
also in the thirty-seventh and forty-eighth line.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those verbal
amendments will he made.
Mr. POMEROY. In the thirteenth line of the
second section the word " mcieast'd " should be
inserted befon: u minimum." In thofifth line of
the fourth section the wouls " oither of" .should
he mserfed before the words " said roods." The
letter "s" should be added to "road," in the fif-
teenth Ime of the fourth section and in the twen-
ty-first line. The letter " a" should be stricken
outin the twenty-fifth line; and the word " road,"
m the thirtieth and thirty-first lines of the same
section, should be "roads."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ail these cor-
rections will be made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, whether there is any time limited within
which these railroad companies shall dispose of
these lands; and further, whether the lands re-
served are open to preemption at any price?
Mr. HAft-LAN. They are required to com-
plete their roads within a period of ten years, the
same limitation that has been applied to similar
grants; and the reserved sections will be open to
preemption or purchase at double the minimum
price.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that a part of the bill
that they are open to preemption at any time at
twenty shillings an acre?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended so as to read, " A bill for a grant of lands
to the State of Kansas in alternate sections to aid
in the construction of certain railroads and tele-
graphs in said State."
JOSEPH PADDOCK.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate.
Mr. TURPIE. I move to postpone temporarily
and informally the special order for the purpose
of taking up House bill No. 448, which lias been
favorably reported here by the Committee on
Claims, for the relief of an old soldier. It will not
take a minute to pass it. It is the only thing I
have asked of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is now nearly twenty
minutes after one o'clock. The special order was
postponed on just such an application by the Sen-
ator from Kansas; and now, if this request be
granted, how can I refuse to allow the Senator
from Wisconsin and the Senator from Massachu-
setts to bring up measures which they wish to
bring forward ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a private bill; let him
have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objec-
tion myself if the thing would end here; and if
the Senator from Indiana will guaranty that this
is the end of it, I shall have 110 objection.
Mr. TURPIE. As far as I am concerned it
shall be.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be an un-
derstanding that bills for old soldiers shall be
taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will consent that the
special order be laid aside for the purpose of let-
ting the Senator from Indiana present his bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be done
only by unanimous consent. If there were a mo-
tion to postpone, a majority could control it. A
temporary suspension can only be by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TURPIE. I move to take up the bill
(PL R. No. 448) for the relief of Colonel Joseph
Paddock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides for the payment of $500 to
Colonel Joseph Paddock, late commandant of the
fifth regiment of Indiana militia, for services in
the Indian war of 1810-11, and the war of 1812
with Great Britain.
Mr. TURPIE. This bill is for the relief of
Colonel Paddock, who served four years, from
1811 to 1815, on the Indiana frontier as a lieuten-
ant colonel. He volunteered his services to the
Government. lie received no pay; his circum-
stances were such as to justify him in so doing.
He is now old and helpless.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case? I
should like to hear it.
The Secretary read the report made in the
House of Representatives, as follows:
The Committee of Claim-*, to whom was refeired the pe-
tition of Colonel Jo>eph Paddock, have had the same under
oonsidciaiion, and icpoit:
That it appear*, that said Paddock was appointed lieuten-
ant colonel and colonel commandant of the fifth regiment
of Indiana militia by the then Governor William Henry
Ilauison, and a* such commandant seived in the Indian
war of lbtO and lStl, and the wai of 1810 with Great IJrit-
ani. That (lining The term of four \ears lie was in actual
f-ervice or held himself in ieadme^< toi action wherever
duty mi?lit call him. That the soldiers who served under
him lecoived pay toi services 011 his certificate of sen-ice, as
appears fiom evidence furnished Horn tlx* proper Depait-
ment, and dial lie has riev er leeeived any compensation for
said service*, except a land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acie^ of land.
The petitioner alleges that he was in good health and easy
circumstances at the close of the war, and for that reason
did not present liis claim to the Government for compensa-
tion ; but that lie is now aged, infirm, and poor, and in great
need of the relief prayed for.
While your committee do not deem the record evidence
quite conclusive as to the amount of service rendered, they
have 110 doubt of his having served in the capacity of col-
onel commandant, and that he has never received from the
Government any 1 emunerauon except the land warrant be-
fore mentioned. They therefore report the accompanying
bill, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 362) to provide for the discharge
of State prisonersandothers,and to authorize the
judges of the United States courts to take bail or
recognizances to secure the trial of the same, the
pending question being on the amendment of Mr.
Carlile to the amendment of Mr. Trumbull,
upon which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the contest is
between the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois and the amendment offered by the
Senator from Virginia. Of the two propositions,
I favor the one of the Senator from Virginia, and
I will assign to the Senate very briefly the reasons
why I prefer the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia. The proposition of the Senator from
Virginia requires that no citizen of the United
States during the existence of these troubles shall
be arrested except upon oath or affirmation of a
loyal citizen of the United States. It further re-
quires that any citizen who may be deprived of
his liberty by being arrested shall have the privi-
lege of the writ of habeas corpus, in order to have the
facts concerning the arrest judicially investigated.
The proposition of the Senator from Illinois is
widely different. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, which is offered in lieu
of the original bill, authorizes the President of the
United States to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in all cases of political offenses. I would askthe
learned Senator to define what he calls a political
offense. There is 110 definition. You leave it to
the discretion of the Executive to say what a po-
litical offense is. We know that since these un-
happy difficulties have existed in this country,
persons have been seized in every part of the conn -
try upon charge of political offenses, and that
those offenses have been, perhaps, as variant as
the names of the persons seized.
In the first place, allow me to state to the Sen-
ate that, considering the right to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus a legislative power, I do not be-
lieve we have the authority to transfer it to the Ex-
ecutive. It is an authority that must be exercised
by Congress. I do not believe that Congress have
the power to delegate the authority to the Pres-
ident or to any other person to suspend the func-
tions of that writ. What was the practice and
what is the practice in Great Britain on that sub-
ject? Weall know that in that country Parliament
alone suspends the writ of habeas corpus; and when-
ever they have done it, they have prescribed the
time during which the writ should be suspended,
the locality in which itshould be suspended. They
have done everything concerning it, and left noth-
ing to be done by the Executive. That, in my
judgment, should be the practice here, and that is
the clear intent and meaning of the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, allow me to say that I do
not think even Congress should suspend the writ
of habeas coiyus in the loyal States of this Union,
where the courts are open; and wherever the
courts are open, the writ of habeas corpus, in my
judgment, never should be suspended; and when-
ever you do it, you strike a fatal blow at the lib-
erties of the people. Why, sir, this doctrine of sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus throughout the
whole country, whenever there is a domestic dis-
turbance, is novel indeed. Our British ancestors
never allowed such a thing. It was suspended by
the British Parliament, I am aware, on certain oc-
casions, but they did it for limited and prescribed
periods of time, and usually in limited prescribed
districts. But here we find the writ of habeas co pus
lias been suspended or attempted to be suspended
by the present Executive throughout the enure
length and breadth of this land, in loyal States, in
States where the courts are all open; and now, after
the Executive has chosen to exercise such high
powers, in violation, in my hum ble judgment,of the
Constitution, the Senator from Illinois proposes to
clothe him with the power by law, and to say that
he shall do it for political offenses—offenses not de-
