1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
scribed or defined by any statute nor by any law,
but left entirely to the will of the Executive. Sir,
whenever you lodge such a power in the hands
of one person, you create a despotism, you over-
throw the constitutional liberty this people have
enjoyed from the days of the establishment of the
Constitution to this hour. This great writ is not
beingexecuted now. Weknowthat. It is a lam-
entable fact. Notwithstanding all the judges in the
country who have been called on to hear the ques-
tion have decided that it is a legislative power, and
that the Executive lias no power to suspend the
writ, still through the military arm of the country
he does it. It was decided by the supreme court of
the United States, by Chief Justice Marshall, that
itis a legislative power. It has been so held by
the commentators upon the Constitution, Judge
Story and others. It has been so held since this
rebellion commenced, in a most exhaustive de-
cision by the venerable Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States, a gentleman eminent for his learning
and for hi.s private worth, who gave an opinion
on that subject in the case of Merryman, that has
not been and cannot be successfully answered.
It has also been recently decided by the supreme
court of the State of "Wisconsin by three learned
judges of that State, all of whom, I understand,
arc political friends of the President. It has been
held by other judges. So far as I have been ad-
vised, wherever the courts have adjudicated on
the subject, it is one unbroken current of decision,
as well by Federal as by State judges, that the
President has no power to suspend the habeas
corpus.
Mr. President, I have hitherto discussed the
subject at some length; it is not my purpose to
enter into any lengthy discussion of it at this time,
but I would call the attention of the Senate to a
very striking instance of an attempt to thwart the
execution of flic writ of habeas corpus that occurred
in Great Britain in 1798, which the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. TurpieJ has kindly furnished me.
Senators will remember the great difficulties, in-
ternal as well as external, which existed in that
country in 1798 duting the Irish rebellion. They
will remember further that Bonaparte had at one
time fitted out an armament for the purpose of
invading Ireland, a part of the British empire.
They will further remember that a very large por-
tion of the Irish people were ready to receive the
French and to aid them. They will remember
that Emmet and others were executed in conse-
quence of being engaged in that rebellion. They
will also remember that Theobald Wolfe Tone,
who was a native of Iieland and a soldier, was to
lead a portion of the soldiers of Bonaparte against
Great Britain. He was anvsted; ho was tried by
a military court-martial; he was sentenced to
death. After the sentence had been pronounced
upon him by the court-martial, Mr. Cut ran, an
eminent counsel of that country, known for his
eloquence and for his forensic powers, applied to
a judge for a writ of habeas corpus. It wasgranted.
The military undertook to prevent its execution.
With the permission of the Senate, I will read the
colloquy that took place between the counsel and
the judge on that occasion. The Senate will re-
member that there was no controversy as to Mi.
Tone's being guilty. He admitted the fact when
brought before the court-martial. He seemed to
glory in the fact that he had taken arms to redeem
Ireland from British thraifdom. He was sentenced.
Mr. Curran went into court and addressed them
thus:
' I do not pretend,- began Curran,' that Mi. Tone is
not guilty of the charge of which he is accused, t pie-.umo
th*1 officers wcic honorable mon. But it is stored m this
affidavit as a solemn fact that Mr. Tone had no commis-
sion under his Majesty, and therefore no coun-inamal could
have cojjmzancc of any crime imputed to him wiuio the
court of KuigV. Bcrich -^atc m the capacity of the irreat cutn-
inal comt of the land. In times when war was raging,
when man was opposed to man in the field, courts-martial
might he onduied ; but every law authoi m is with in ' while
I stand upon the sacred and immutable principle of the Con-
stitution, that mamal law and civil law are incompatible,
and that the former must cense with the existence of the
latter. This is not, however, the time for arguing thic mo-
mentous question My client must appeal in this court,
lie is cast for death tins ven dav. lie may be ordered for
execution while ] address you. J call on the court to sup-
port the Jaw, and move for a writ of habeas corpiis\ to he
dnected to the provost marshal ot the banaeks and Major
Sandy*, to bung up the body of Tone.'
" Chief Justice.—' Have a writ instantly prepared.'
" Curran.—' My elientmay die while the writ is piepar-
mg.>
" Chikt Justicc.—: Mr. Sheriff, proceed to the barracks
and acquaint the piovost marshal that a writ is preparing
to suspend Mr. Tone's execution, and see that be be not
executed^
'< In a short time the sheriff, having returned, thus ad-
drest^ed the oouu:
" ; My Loid, I have been to the barrack^ in pursuance of
your order. The piovost marshal says he must obey Ma-
jor Sandys. Major Sandys &ays tie must obey Lord Oovn-
wallis.'
" At this time Mr. Curran announced the return of Tone's
father, with a message that General Craig refused to obey
the wilt of habeas corpus.
<( Chick Justick.—-'Mr. Sheriff, take the body of Tone
into custody. Take the provontmaishal and Major Sandys
into custodj, and show the ordei ot the court to General
Craig.'''—Phillips's Curran and ku> Contemporaries, p. 266.
That is the colloquy between the court and the
attorney. Tone was rescued and brought before
the court. That was the conduct of our English
ancestors in times of civil commotion. There the
judges, as became the judges of a free people,
caused the military to submit to the civil author-
ity. Those were times of great internal commo-
tion in that country. But here we find it far dif-
ferent in this boasted land of constitutional lib-
erty. I would that we on this side of the Atlantic
would follow the example of the British judges
and the British attorneys in those times, and see
that the military is kept in strict subordination to
the civil power.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to call his attention to another
memorable instance connected with the habeas
corpus in English history?
Mr. POWELL. With a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I will refer the Senator to
another more remarkable instance far than that of
Tone. In 1815, after the battle of-Waterloo, and
the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte in that great
battle, he was taken on board of an English ship
by an English captain, Mankind, under an im-
plied assurance, at least, that he should be well
treated in England, whither he was going to be
the guest of England, and* as he said, to sit at the
hearth of the English people, and to throw himself
on the protection of their laws. The vessel which
conducted this great man to the coast of England,
with the design of becoming a guest of England,
with the design of quitting all public or political
employment, approached the coast. The Emperor
had from the beginning insisted that, under the
laws of war and the laws of nations, he was not
p prisoner of war, that he had not been captured
as a prisoner of war, but that he had been tre-
panned , deceived, seduced by the false assurances
of an English captain to go on board of an English
ship. While he was lying off the haibor of Ply-
mouth, on board the Bcllerophon, one of the most
liberty-loving and eminent of English counselors
sued out from the court of King's Bench a writ of
habeas corpus, commanding the admiral of the ship
upon which the late Emperor of the French was
confined and held m durance to bring his body,
the body of Napoleon Bonaparte, before an Eng-
lish court, there to receive what should be ad-
judged concerning his right to personal liberty..
The writ was placed in the hands of an English
sheriff, and that Enghsh sheriff made an endeavor
to approach the ship upon which he was confined,
and was repelled by violence, with the knowledge
of the English ministry that the purpose of that
writ was to test the question of the validity of the
legality of the confinement of Napoleon Bonaparte
on board that ship; and the English ministry,
through its commander on board that ship, de-
liberately and willfully prevented the service of
that great writ to test that important question.
Now, sir, there is a precedent of the use of the
writ of habeas corpus by our English ancesiors, a
writ taken out for the purpose of testing the ques-
tion of the right of the English Government to re-
tain that distinguished prisoner in their posses-
sion, and to prevent that nation from committing
the greatest ciime that was ever committed in the
annals of war or peace, the willful and unlawful
imprisonment of a man who was not even a pris-
oner of war. I commend this precedent to the
careful attention of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the instance
furnished by the learned Senator frotn Michigan
and the one that [ adduced are very different. The
facts of the two cases are very different. Napo-
leon Bonaparte was not a subject of the British
empire. lie had voluntarily surrendered himself
as a prisoner of war, and consequently the mili-
tary authorities had proper custody of him. Mr.
Tone was a subject of the British empire.
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask the Senator from
Kentucky whether the circumstance of nationality
makes any difference under the laws of England,
as to the right of the complainant to resort to-the
; writ of habeas corpus, when he is within the jiiris-
' diction of England? 1 take it it makes none.
Mr. POWELL. I dare say the British Gov-
ernment has often acted very badly. As I have
before said, the two cases are very different. One
was a British subject, and the courts compelled
the military authorities, notwithstanding thefacfc
that they had condemned him to die by sentence
of a court-martial, to be brought before the judges.
The conduct of the British Government in refer-
ence to Napoleon and his long confinement in the
dreary island of St. Helena has been a foul blot
on their good name from that day to this. The
whole civilized world has condemned that con-
duct; it is condemned now; but the cases are far
different, and if the British judges even failed in
that case to do their duty, or the military tran-
scended their powers, as they did in the case of
Tone, it is only an instance of men in high position
who failed to discharge their duty. The case that
1 have instanced shows clearly the jealous regard
which ourancestors had for the liberty of the sub-
ject, and the sacred regard in which they held this
writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow me to state a single
fact in relation to this Irish rebellion, as it bears
on the very case he has in hand and the subject
before the Senate ?
Mr. POWELL. I am off that part of the sub-
ject now; but if the Senator desires it, I will hear
him. I have but very few remaiks to make.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was in 1798 that the
rebellion arose in Ireland, and Lord Camden, then
the lord lieutenant of Ireland, proclaimed mar-
tial law, and it remained proclaimed for a year by
the executive department without any legislative
act whatever; though it was subsequently sanc-
tioned by the Parliament of Ireland by a legisla-
tive act. In 1801, after the union between Ireland
and England was perfected, the question came up
in the British Parliament, and there it was pro-
posed to enact a law to continue martial law still
in Ireland; and both those who proposed to con-
tinue it by legislative act, and those who opposed
it, agreed that the executive authority had the
right in case of invasion or insurrection, the ne-
cessity requiring it, to proclaim martial law. Both
sides agreed to it, those who proposed the legis-
lative act and those who opposed it. Itwasacon-
ceded thing, therefore, in England under Magna
Charta and under English history that in cases of
invasion, of insurrection, or overruling necessity,
it was the, right of the executive without any le-
gislative authority to proclaim martial law. In
the riots of 1780, after the mob had insulted a ma-
jority of Parliament, and the lesidence of the chief
justice, the king in council issued a proclamation:
'' We have heretofore issued the most diruet and effectual
orders to all our officers by an immediate exertion ot their
utmost force to suppiess the same."
After which the adjutant general issued orders
to the army, as follows:
"In obedience to an order of the king in council, the
tmhtaiy are to ad without awaiting the direction ot the
civil magistrate, and to use force for dispensing the illegal
and tumultuous assemblies of the people."
In the subsequent debates in Parliament, the
conduct of the king was approved. Lord Mans-
field and Lord Thurlow denied that it was a pre-
rogative of the king to declare martial law, or to
use the military to suppress riots; but they de-
fended the act on the ground of necessity.
During the Irish rebellion in 1798, Lord Cam-
den, lord lieutenant of Ireland, as 1 have said,
proclaimed martial law, which existed a year
without any legislative action, and after that the
Irish Parliament sanctioned the act. In 1801,
after the union, this subject came to be discussed
in the British Parliament, and a bill was intro-
duced to continue martial law in Ireland. In this
debate, Sheridan, opposing the bill, said:
(l In ca^c of rebellion or invasion his Majesty has, by vir-
tue of his pierogative, a right to martial law."
Lord Castlcreagh, for the bill said:
C! I perfectly understand tlmtthe prerogative ofthe Crown
! authorizes thVe acting under its authouty toexeieise roar-
' tial law. I maintain that it is a con>ututional mode for the
executive Government to exeici^c martial law in the fust
instance, and to come to Parliament for indemnity aftcr-
waid?-j and is preferable to applying to Parliament fiist."
41 The only circumstance in mind is whether, if the na-
