1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
we are to grant these letters about. I think the
bill had better go to some committee that have
knowledge of the commerce which is to be affected
by the granting of these letters. Let it go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to make any
question with regard to the appropriate commit-
tee, but it seems to me on the whole that the Ju-
diciary Committee would be the best.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Wo are not advised as to
the commerce of the rebellious States that these
letters aie to be sent out against.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I shall say the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
postpone until to-morrow is first in order.
Mr. SUMNER, (to Mr. Hale.) Withdraw
that, and let it be referred.
Mr. HALE. 1 withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
referring; the bill. To what committee?
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the bill
being committed to any committee that gentlemen
see fit to designate; but in reply to the suggestion
made by the Senator from^Jilmois, I wish to say
that the bill, as originally introduced, (although
there has been an amendment made to it,) relates
not only to the commerce of the people who are
in rebellion against the Federal Government, but
authorizes, and n was designed to authorize, the
President of the United States, if, after Congress
shall adjourn, a condition of war shall exist be-
tween this country and any foreign Power, to issue
letters of marque and reprisal, if lie sees fit to issue
them. I wish to give him the full power to defend
this country against encroachments from abroad
as well as at home, if he believes that the interests
of the country require it; and that was the pur-
pose for which the bill was introduced, and is the
reason why I shall vote for its passage. I am
content, however, that it shall go to the com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Iowa gives to this
bill more importance than it appeared to have at
first. lie proposes to intrust to the President,
when Congress is not m session, the power to de-
clare war; for that is what it is, nor more nor less.
Practically, it is the power to declare war. It is
the power to issue letters of marque and reprisal
against foreign nations.
Mr. COLLAMCR. Only that he may issue
them when war oxi^tf.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill itself says, in express
terms, "whenever war exists or has been declared
between the United States and any other nation."
Mr. SUMNER. But "whenever war exists."
He then is to determine the existence of war.
Mr. II ALE. You know war once existed 44 by
the act of Mexico."
Mr. SUMNER. I think it comes back to the
same point; it is to throw in the hands of the Pres-
ident tins extraordinary power. I am ready to
give the President groat powers as may be need-
ed forany emergency, but 1 think the Senatcought
not to entei upon such a question as this without
at least havin« the import of a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thn question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Naval Allans.
The motion was ngreed to.
UOUfiJi JilLLS ilEKERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions fiom
the House of Representativ es were severally read
twice by their lilies, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. G34) giving aid to the State of Mis-
souri for the purpose of securing the abolishment
of slavery in said State—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A bill (No. 650) to puthorize additional mail-
able matter—to the Committee on the Post Office
and Po^t Roads.
A joint resolution (No. 122) requiring the esti-
mation of seamen as well ^s soldiers m the ad-
justment of quotas of volunteers—to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
soldiers' libuaky.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 125) to grant
the use of a portion of Judiciary square for a freo
library and reading-room for soldiers, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FOOT. I ask for the present consideration
of that joint resolution. There can be no possi-
ble objection to it from any quarter. I will state,
Mr. President, that the two persons named in the
joint resolution, with great benevolence and liber-
ality, propose to establish a circulating library for
the use of soldiers in the hospitals and elsewhere,
free of expense to the soldiers for the privilege of
the library; and they desire the erection of a tem-
porary building, convenient for that purpose, upon
the public grounds known as Judiciary square.
The object of this joint resolution is to give per-
mission for the erection of such a building for such
a purpose.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the In-
tenor to grant to John A. Fowle and Elida B.
Rumsey the use of a portion of Judiciary square
for the erection, free of charge to the United States,
of a suitable building for a solders'free library and
reading-room; the building to be removed when-
ever required by the Secretary of the Interior.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
ABSENT OFFICERS 01? THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bilP(S. No. 421) to forfeit the pay of
absent officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses; which we had under consideration this
morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out all of the
second section, after the enacting clause, and in
lieu of it to insert the following:
That if any othcer of the volunteer or legulni Atmy shall
absent luuvelt without leave hom In^ command, all las
pay unci emoluments as >ucii shall cease from the time of
such absence, and tie shall be stuckeu hom the rolls of the
Ai my; and it any nich officer absent with leave shall not
K'tum at the expiration oi «5iioh leave, but shall remain ab-
sent. lus pay and emoluments shall cease at the expiration
of Ins leave ol alienee, and he shall be <*tucken hom the
roll-, of the Aiuiy, unlesd lie be unable to return, by reason
of siekncs^ or wounds leceived in the service, in which
?a^e he shall immediately fo  waul to the ofi'ice ot the Adju-
tant Ueneial a eemficate of the phj&ieiau oi sur^ron hav-
havin« chaigc of hi<> ea^-e, utidei oath, stating such inability
to ictiirn.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bili was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I want a little explanation in
regard to the amendment. Take the case of an
officer who lias leave of absence for thirty days;
at the end of the thirty days he is sick with ty-
phoid fever; be is delirious; he is unable to do
anything; and those are not uncommon instance^.
The amendment requires, ifl understand it, that
immediately upon fho expiration of the thuty
days a ceitificate shall be Kent on or he shall be
strickm from th° roils, «mu theie is no remedy
p.fti't ward for that :• "L. I know a case in my own
neighborhood exactly of that character, where an
officer enme home sick on leave; at the time his
lea\e of ab.vnce cxpiied he wns sick, extremely
sick with fe\er, and he was stricken from the roll
e.s absent without lea \ e, because he overstanl his
leave. He died, and his friends are embarrassed
m their efforts to get the pay thai was due to him
because ho ^'.ands upon the roils of the Army
<k dismissed for absence- without leave," when the
fact waa that he was absent on thiity days' !ea\e,
and when the thirty days weie out he was sick,
and unable to give any direction -n send any cer-
tificate. It m ems to me that this amendment—I
have not looked a lit—does not remedy such a case
as that, but requires a certificate to be immediately
sent on, wln^h is impossible.
M r CLARK. The amendment is designed to
guard against a case such as my colleague lias
stated. The original second section of the bill
provides that an oinrer absent without leave shall
be stricken from the rolls without condition or
reservation. My amendment stnkes that out,
and inserts a piovision that if he is unable to re-
turn at the end of his furlough, he, or some per-
son for him, diall send, not a certificate signed by
him, but a certificate of the surgeon, under oath,
that he cannot come back. I take it there will be
no difficulty, oven in the case suggested by my
colleague. Somebody will furnish the certificate^
and send it on. A case like that is one which I
desire to reach. If the amendment-is not suffi-
ciently guarded, and is not plain enoughjX desire
that it should be made so; but it was the best I
could think of. I believe it is required now by the
practice of the Department, when a man cannot
come back at the end ofhis furlough, that ho shall
send such a surgeon's certificate.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 shall vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator from
.Now Hampshire, because I think it will cover the
case suggested by his colleague; but I hope we
shall not go any further than that. We have now
something like eight thousand officeis ofthe A ropy
absent fiom thcirmen. We have thirty-four thou-
sand officer in the Army of the United States. By
the last returns, four hundred and eleven of them
were deserters, and seven thousandeighthundred
were absent on leave and otherwise. One fourth
of all the officers of the Army of the United States
are absent from their men.
I hope that the amendment will be adopted.
There is a bare possibility that there may be a
hard case under it; but I do not think there is
much danger in that direction; but if there were,
I tlnnk the discipline of the Army and the good
of the country require some general legislation
on the subject. While there have been a lew cases
where persons have been stricken off the rolls
who ought not to have been stricken off, there are
many more cases where men have been restored
on the importunities of their friends, or of mem-
bers of the Senate or House of Representatives,
and by the kindness of the President of the Uni-
ted States. I think the time has comc to put dis-
cipline upon our Army, and especially upon our
officers.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the chairman
of the Military Committee whether the bill would
not be improved by striking out a part of the first
section. The bill, if it becomes a law, will by its
terms be applicable only during this rebellion. I
do not know why the Army should not be sub-
ject to discipline and to the operation of this bill
after the close of the rebellion.
Mr. CLARK. That is in the first section.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that my suggestion
does not apply to this amendment, but to the first
section of the bill, which confines its operation to
the period of the lobeliiou. I want it to be appli-
cable as a law after the rebellion shall have ceased.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. When the
rebellion is over, and we have a small army—as I
hope wo shall be able to have again, for I trust
we shall not have a necessity for a large standing
army—there will be peace and quiet within our
borders, things will be well regulated and in order,
and then possibly we can leave that matter to be
settled by the administration of the Department,
What we want to do is to correct that which is a
pressing evil in the country now during the rebel-
lion. i think most of our legislation ought to be
adapted to tiie necessities of the present time.
Mr. FESSENDENT. I desire to ask a question
on another matter connected with the Army, of
the Senator from Massachusetts; and that is,
whether the Committee on Military Allans have
taken into consideration the subject of consolida-
ting the regiments. He says that there are about
thirty-four thousand officers. It is well known
that "the officers are out of all propotUon to the
men. Many of our regiments are exceedingly
reduced, and I think it very important that some
steps should betaken to consolidate them and make
them more efficient. Their efficiency \>> greatly
impaned by the present state of affairs, and by
consolidating regiments we can certainly got rid of
a great many incompetent officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. In answer
to the question of the Senator from Maine, I will
say that the Committee on Military Affaits have
not yet considered that subject; but I offered, a
few days ago, a resolution msttucting the com-
mittee to consider the propriety of consolidating
the regiments, so that the effective men in each
regiment should be at least one thousand. We
have, I suppose, moro than twelve bundled regi-
ments; and I think they can be consolidated into
five or six hundred, at most; and by doing that
we should sar® from forty to fifty million dollars
