1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to discuss that
resolution.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I move that it be laid
upon the table.
Mr. MALLORY. It ought also to applaud
him for bis gallantry. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, William G.
I.i.nvn, Calvert, Conway, Corning,Cox, Ciis-ficld, Dunlap,
binder, Hall, Ilaidmjr, Johnson, Keiugan, Knapp. Law,
Luzc<u, Mallory. Jlenztcs, Noble, Norton, Pendleton,
Peiry, James S llollius, Jolm 13. Steele. William G. Steele,
Rules. Francis Thomas, Vallandmliam, Vibluud, Voorhees,
Webster, Wickiifte, Wood, and Woodruff—33.
NAYS—Me«srs> Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Hailv, Baker,
B.wtoi, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buf-
lniton, Buiuliam, Campbell, Ciiambc-ilain. Claik, Collax,
Pfrdoiiok A. Conklin;;, Uo-coc Conkling, lMvi*, Duell,
Piinn, Edgeiton, Edw.nds, Eliot, El>, Fenton, Samuel C.
Fessenden, Thomas A. 1). Fes^enden. Fisher, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granaer, (Jui lev, Iloiton, Iluiohin--, Julian. KeJ
loy, William ICo!loy«, Killmsci, L.eary, Lehman, Loomi--,
Lovejoy, Low, McKcan,McKniglu, AJcPher&on, Mavnard,
Mitchell, Mooihead, An&on P. Moriill, Justin S. Moiiill,
Nixon, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins, Parent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Stevens, Stratton, Tiitnble,
Tiowbndge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Walkci, Wall,
Wa^hburne, Wheeler. Wilson, Wnuloni, and Woiee&-
ter-77.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. GRIDER asked and obtained leave to print
a speech. [It will be published in the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER stated that, the hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the House would lesume
the consideration of the special order, being the
BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLiNG. Mr. Speaker, so
much time has elapsed since the proceedings in
which this bill originated that its history may be
only dimly remembered, if not entirely forgot-
ten. I propose, therefore, to occupy a very brief
period in stating how it came here and what
it is.
Many who hear me will remember that before
the close of the last Congress, the commercial dis-
asters of 1857 had occasioned a demand for a bank-
rupt law, more or less extensive, throughout the
country. At the extra session of July, 1861,
many petitions, numerously signed, weso pre-
sented, and several bills were intiodneed and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. The
expected brevity of that session, and its throng of
urgent duties, afforded ample apology to petition-
ers and others for denying the subject final con-
sideration then. The Judiciary Committee was
fully occupied with grave and immediate ques-
tions, and it was thought wise to intrust this sub-
ject to a select committee of five members of the
House. After the adjournment, the committee
gathered with some labor, from at home and from
abroad, the materials which would aid them to
decide wisely whether their report should be fa-
vorable or adverse to the petitioners, and also to
perfect a bill if it should be deemed wise to report
one. An elaborate bankruptcy statute had then
just passed the Butish Parliament,to take effect on
the l ith of October, 1861. It was to reform the
enactments of centuries, and was grounded upon
a report to which live barristers, selected for their
learning, had given three years of labor, and which
filled a quarto volume of many hundred pages.
The committee sent to Engl tnd for thi% studied
production and for the bill based upon it, and de-
rived great instruction from such suggestions and
provisions as were found applicable to a judicial
and commercial system so diverse as ours. AJr.
Webster, when Secretary of State, sent circulars
to all the judges of the courts whieh administered
the act of 1841, and to the clerks, calling upon them
for all the information and criticism thr-y could
afford touching the act referred to, and touching,
also, the operation of the general system. The
committee sought for the responses to these cir-
culars, and succeeded incoilocting most jf not all
of them. Of the various bills which had been in-
troduced from time to time, some had been pre-
pared with much thought, and several lawyers,
distinguished in iheirprofession, luid,ci;!i"'  -
tr>nr-ou--|y or upon the retainer <>f n.^ooM'iuiM of
citizens, drafted many sections and provisions,
treating the subject from opposite pointy of view.
The committee appropriated the material thus
accessible, and also carried on a correspondence
somewhat extensive with judges, lawyers, and
business men throughout the country, who were
understood to be informed'upon the subject.
By the light derived from these various sources
a bill was prepared with a good deal of care, and
introduced into the House, committed to the com-
mittee, and five thousand extra copies ordered to
be printed. These extra copies were sent at large
into the country to persons from whom useful in-
formation was most to be expected, and criticism,
comment, and suggestions were invited. In return
a large number of letters were received making an
infinite variety of suggestions, which were con-
sidered by the committee, and of which they
availed themselves in reforming and improving
the bill. The result lias been read at the Clerk's
desk. The measure, Mr. Speaker, rests upon the
judgment of the committee, moved in part by the
piesonoe of about two hundred thousand petition-
ers; so numeious, it seems, in the two Houses
have become the creditors and the debtors who ask
our interference m their mutual behalf. Among
them are those representing a very large propor-
tion, I believe a very large majority, of the credit-
or interest of the country. 1 received at the last
session and presented a petition which I wish I
had before me now. It contained very few names
—peihaps not more than fifteen—of individuals
and firms in the city of Now York; but it im-
pressed me very strongly, and 1 think it would
any one acquainted with the men and compre-
hending the subject. I doubt if a number of names
so small ever appeared on a petition representing
so little indebtedness and so much capital. They
owed nothing, but they comprised a creditor in-
terest of enormous magnitude; and they asked for
the passage of a uniform system of bankruptcy—
not, I lake it, from disinterested benevolence, but
fiom a sagacious consideiation of what was best.
Now, sir, I do not propose to detain the House
by a general dissertation upon the policy of bank-
ruptcy systems. The subject at large is eminently
philosophical, and infinitely complicated and ab-
struse. I do not think we know very much about
it in this country, and if we did, I hazard little,
perhaps, m saying that the fate of a bankrupt
bill now would depend not so much upon consid-
eiations belonging to the' subject, abstractly as
upon considerations applicable to the pic-sent ex-
traordinary posture of our affairs. It may be
proper, however, to say, that those in all countries
who have given {he subject the most patient and
enlightened study, hold a permanent system of
bankruptcy an essential part of every commer-
cial system. Many reasons could be given for
this position. I will allude to only two, which
go very far of themselves to support it. A uniform
code of bankruptcy strikes down that system of
accommodation and indorsements which, as a
means of creating credit, is so hurtful a source of
fictitious capital, enabling men, without substance
or stability of their own, to establish a baseless
and unreal position, and to draw in the commu-
nity by appeaiances utterly deceptive. This, of
itself, would be to this country a mighty refor-
mation.
But again, a uniform system of bankruptcy
strikes at all referential assignments, voluntayy as-
signments, and deeds of tiust, made by insolvents
to secure lull payment to such of their creditors
as they choose, to the exclusion and robbery of
all the rest. With these, inequitable transfers
of property, chattel mortgages, bonds and war-
rants of attorney, judgments by confession, and
the whole brood of similar contrivances would
be banished from commercial circles for purposes
of fraud.
Without going further, there would seem to be
defects and deficiencies in oui legal and commer-
cial policy which, in ordinary times and for per-
petual reasons, demand restraints to excessive and
morbid enterpi on the one hand, and which, on
the other, could afford to allow, and would profit-
ably alio-.'-, the unfortunate and the prostrate to ,
n.se up. ' j
In turning to the practices of other nations, we 1
find that we are the only commercial State, I be- :
lieve the only one in Christendom, without a sys-
neii of Lankutptey. We are the 'uily people who
ever tried the expenment and rejf eted it; and wo
have ivj< cted it without a trial. If. is true that in
1800 a bankrupt law was passed, but it applied
only to one single class of persons, and was, by
its own provisions, temporary, and to expire at
the end of a short and fixed period.
We had a law in 1841, voluntary and compul-
sory in its theory, but so empty and incomplete
that, standing by itself, it could hardly be executed
at all. Indeed, the judges were driven to turn le-
gislators, and to help it out by vigorous construc-
tion, and by cumbrous and interminable rules.
The act was soon repealed, and it is constantly
pointed to as a fair and unsuccessful experiment
of a bankruptcy system. J take issue upon that
point, and maintain that the experimentis of little
or no value in determining the question now, or
at any future time.
The act of 1841 was allowed to stand, with all
its imperfections on its head, till it had done all its
harm, and then was repealed before it had the op-
portunity to do much of its good. The compul-
sory provisions, the provisions for the benefit of
creditors and of the community, never took prac-
tical effect; but the voluntary provisions, the pro-
visions for sponging off indebtedness, had full
sweep, and the multitude of insolvents, actual aned
professed, honest and dishonest, who had been
bequeathed to the country by the speculating mania
of 1836, rushed forward for absolution and remis-
sion. Hundreds escaped, no doubt, who should
have been, and under a more careful law might
have been, refused a discharge. This result is,
to some extent, inevitable upon the inauguration
of a bankrupt law affecting existing debts. It
must always be so at the outset; but no more so
now than at any other time; and as all systems
must have a beginning, we must accept the insep-
arable concomitants of commencing.
1 was saying, Mr. Speaker, that we are the only
commercial people in the woild, so far as I re-
member, without an established system of bank-
ruptcy. England adopted a bankrupt law in the
i eign of Ilenr y VIII, and to this day it has with-
stood all political and parliamentary revolutions.
In France, a bankrupt law has survived since be-
fore the Revolution ;nnd I think no exception exists
to the remark that all the commercial peoples have
some such code, and that none trying the experi-
ment fairly have ever abandoned it.
The framers of the Constitution considered
u uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies
throughout the United States" as among our
probable commercial and judicial necessities, and
accordingly they conferred upon Congress, and
upon Congress alone, full power over the subject;
and divided as the States were upon many other
provisions, they ratified this one by a vote of nine
to one. We only have the power, and are respons-
si'ole for its cxercise, whether we exert or with-
hold it. 1 say we have the exclusive power, be-
cause the States are expressly restricted by the
Constitution of the United States,
No State may pass a law impairing the obli-
gation of contracts, and therefore no State may
pass a bankrupt law, applicable to existing debts.
Again, no State can send its legislation beyond its
jurisdiction, and therefore no State can pass a
bankrupt law, relating even to future indebted-
ness, which will act upon persons beyond itsjuris-
diction; so that all engagements into which citi-
zens of one State have^entered with those of other
States arc beyond the touch of State legislation..
This, as the decision stands in the Supreme Court,
is true of all engagements wherever to be per-
formed.
But I did not mean to be led even thus far into
a dissertation upon the general merits of bankrupt
laws. There arc considerations—and to those I
would direct the attention of the House—applica-
ble to our present situation, which plead for the
passage of a bankrupt law, even assuming that in
ordinary times such a law is objectionable or un-
necessary, and assuming that a law adopted now
would be temporary only. It is believed by those
who have given this subject much thought that
even if we concede the general lack of expediency,
or lack of necessity for a system of this kind,
there are, nevertheless, at this time overmastering
considerations demanding that the power of Con-
gress should be exercised for the benefit not only
of unfortunate and blameless debtors, but for the
benefit of loyal creditors, into whose hands it is
believed we can put some potent instrumentalities
for good—lustrumentalilu s to collect debts, to be
used at thifs time is.-re especially against rebel
debtors who luu e s.veti- d.
I need notrenand the Hou^e, Mi. Speaker, that
