1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
its other departments, and it is the only bond of union be-
tween the states.
The Fedeial Government, as defined by the Constitution,
when exeieising the povveis grunted to it is entitled to the
allegiance of the people; but loyalty to the Government
does not impose upon tin; citizen any obligation to support
an Administration in the enforcement of a policy unauthor-
ized by the Constitution or forbidden by its provisions; but
it is the duty of all good citizens to resist encroachments
upon their rights, and to defend the Constitution of their
country from violence. He who upholds the executive or
any other department of the Government in the violation
ofits piovisious is dislojal to the Constitution and an enemy
to the freedom of his counliy.
The Federal Government, deriving all its legitimate pow-
ers from the Constitution, is, therelore, the creature of the
Constitution, and ha-* no power in any depaitmcnt to sus-
pend any of its provision*, or thiovv off its restrictions un-
der any pretense whatever.
The maxnn that Governments derive their just powers
from the consent of the governed,is one which we ought
never to forget. It involves a fundamental principle of
freedom—one asseited by oui ancestors, and tor which they
fought and won our independence ot the Bt itish Crown, and
which we never can stitrendcr. It should also be borne in
mind that Government-* were instituted for the piotcction
of life, liberty, and property, and that sue!) as lail to per-
form this duty will, sooner or later, he overthrown by an
intelligent, vntuous, and courageous people.
The history of the present administration of the Federal
Government 1-3 a histoiy of repeated injuries and usiupa-
uons, tending dnectly to the oveithrow of State authouty
and State institutions, and a consolidation in the Federal
Government of all political powei, and the erection upon
their nuns of a great military despotism as tyrannical and
despotic as the worst Governments of Europe, to prove
which we refer to the following facts:
The lYesideut has, without authority of Congress, sus-
pended the writ of habeas corpus—thus striking a deadly
blow at the liberties ol the people.
He has caused citizens to he arrested, transported to dis-
tant States, and mearceiatcd in loathsome pusons, without
charge or accusation against them.
He lias denied to citizens thus airened and imprisoned
a trial by juiy, 01 indeed any tnal, and has withheld from
them all knowledge or information as to their accusers or
the cause ot their arrest.
He has subjected his piisoners thu«held to baibatous and
inhuman treatment, endangering both life and health, and
lias requiiedhundredsof them so held, asa condition upon
which they might be released, to take illegal oaths, arbitra-
rily prescribed by himself or his agents.
He has attempted to de^tioy the Yreedom of the press by
the forcible suppiession of newspapers, because they saw
pioper to criticiye the measures of his administration ; and
fcuch as have escaped suppression have been subjected to a
censorship wholly incompatible with freedom of thought
or expression of opinion.
He lias attempted to destroy the freedom of spcech, by
ariestmg citizen* who animadverted upon the measures of
his administration.
He has caused to be arrested persons engaged in circu-
lating petitions for the signatures of the people; thus inter-
fering with the right of petition.
He has wholly disregarded the light of the people to be
" secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against
unreasonable searches and seizuie^.;>
He has interfered with the administration of justice in
the State courts by violently forcing the judges to adjourn,
and dispersing their grand juries, and by bi caking open jails
and releasing prisoners confined under legular judicial pro-
cess for felonies and other cumcs.
He lias in some ot the States, among winch is Kentucky,
forcibly wrested from the citizen his light to be a candidate
for office within the gift of the people, thus striking down
the elective franchise; and eminent citizens or this State
aie now in confinement beyond its bouleis lor no other
known reason than that they presented themselves as can-
didates tor office befme the people. I
He has quartered soldiers in the houses of citizens against 1
their will, and not in the manner piesenbed by law. I
He has pet muted hi< troops to overt un this State, destioy- 1
ing houses, and fencing of fai ins and lots. They have sacked I
the liou-es of peaceful citizens, destruj ing their fuuiituic, ;
family picture-;, carpets, clothing, and other articles of ;
household goods, and robbed them of their silver-waie, ]
stock, and provisions.. j
He has prumfted his wagon masters and others, with .
armed soldiers, to seize the corn, oats, and hay, &c., of our :
citizens for the u^e of the aimies, without then consent, !
and without just discrimination as to whether the fanner !
could spire the articles or not—fixing then own price upon '
them, and making their own estimate as to the value and j
quantity taken, and giving no receipt or name wheiebj the
owner could i-ueccsdully seek his pay; and often, when
vouchers were given, they were so informal that no money
could be drawn upon them.
He has peimitted his officers and soldiers to entice slaves
in gieat numbers to leave their masters and owners, and to
take them within their camps, and there, witli bayonets, to
protect them from lecl.unation; and when civil suits have
been brought tor their ncoveiy, m many instances the pro-
cess ot the court haw been icsisted by armed force?, and the
owner of the slaves maltreated and imprisoned, for no
known cause other than his attempt thus to lecover and
protect hi* propeity.
He has peimitted his officers and soldiers, without au-
thouty of law, to levy large contributions of money upon
unoffending citizens, under the pretense of leimbursuig
other citizens foi losses sustained by the casualties of war.
He has permitted his officers and soldiers with impunity
to muider peaceable citizens.
He lias given his absent and approval to acts of Congress
appropriating and pioposing to appropriate enoimous sums
oi the public money to purchase the fieedom ot slaves and
their dcpoit.irion to some foreign country, and has invited ;
the border -lave States (including Kentucky) to liberate j
their slaves, with promises of compensation from the Fed- j
eral Treasury. !
He has set aside the Constitution of the United States by
giving his official sanction to an act of Congress crcatinga
new State within the territory of Virginia without her con-
sent.
lie has, without constitutional authority, aided in freeing
the slaves ot' the District of Columbia.
He has, in violation of the Constitution, by proclama-
tion, declared fiee all the slaves m many of the States, in-
vited them to vindicate their treedom by force, and sought
an alliance with them in a war waged against their mas-
ters—a monstrous and iniquitous act sanctioned by no law
human or divme, finding no paiallel in atrocity in the his-
tory of baibarou? nations.
He i« spending large sums of money, appropriated by Con-
gress for the support of the Army, in leading and clothing
slaves stolen from their masters.
In view of the foregoing facts, the truth of which cannot
be denied, we do firmly believe, and solemnly declare, that
any assistance furnished the Executive in the further pros-
ecution of the war upon tiie basis ofhis present pqjicy, tends
immediately and directly to the oveitlnow of both the Fed-
eral and State Governments: Wherefore,
I. Resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentuchi, That Kentucky will, by ail constitutional
means in her power, protect her citizens in the enjoyment
of the elective franchise, the benefits of the writ of habeas
corpus, the security of their persons and property against
the unconstitutional edicts ot the Federal Executive, and
their enfoi cement by the Army under his control.
(2. Resolved,That, by the constitution of the State of Ken-
tucks , " the right of the owner of the slave to such slave,
and its inciease, is the same and as inviolable as the right
of the owner to any property whateverthat" Kentucky
understands her own interests too well to be thankful for
gratuitous advice as to the mode m which she should man-
age them ; and when she wantsthe assistance of any out-
side administration of her affairs, she claims the privilege
ol originating the suggestionconsequently the proposi-
tion made by Abraham Lincoln, for her to emancipate her
slaves, is hereby rejected.
3. -Reso^re^/Tliat the object and purpose of the war hav-
ing been pei veitcd by the party now m control of the Gov-
ernment, in violation of its oft-repeated and most solemn
pledges, our Senators m Congress aie instructed, and our
Representatives are requested, to oppose any further aid in
its piosecution by furnishing either men or money.
A. Resolved, That the proclamations of the President,
dated September 22, 1862, and January 13 1863, purporting
to emancipate the slaves in ceitain States and parts of
States, set forth therein, arc unwarranted by any code,
either civil or military, and of such characterand tendency
not to be submitted to by a people jealous of their liberties.
5. Resolved, That the act of Congress, approved by the
President, admitting Western Vnginia as a State, without
the consent of the State of Virginia, is such a palpable vio-
lation of the Constitution as to wairant Kentucky m re-
fusing to recognize tin* validity of such proceeding
6. Resolved, That Kentucky will cordially unite with the
Demociacy of the northern States in an earnest endeavor
to bring about a speedy termination of the existing war;
and to this end we insist upon a suspension of hostilities
and an armistice, to enable the belligerents to agree upon
terms of peace.
7. Resolved, That — commissioners from this State be
appointed, whoso duty it shall be to visit the Federal and
Confederate Governments, at Washington and Richmond,
and urge them respectively to agtee upon an armistice for
the purposes herein contemplated.
8. Resolved, That the Governor of Kentucky is hereby
requested to forward a copy of the foregoing preamble and
resolution* to the Pic-identof the United States, and to
each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Aftei discussing vanous propositions in lefcreneeto nom-
inating candidate?, calling a convention, 8cc., until a late
hour, the meeting adjourned, to meet again m this cham-
ber to-mouow at halt past seven o'clock, p. m.
WILLIAM JOHNSON, Chairman.
W. P. D. Bush, Secretary.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the reading of
that paper be discontinued.
Mr. POWELL, I will have no controversy
about that. I a^k the Secretary to send it to me
and I will finish the reading of it myself:
January 30, 1863.
The meeting met, and, m the absence oi G( neral John-
son, I)i. A 13 Chambers, of Gallatin, was called to the chair
On motion of F. G. Murphy, of Nelson, the following res-
oluiion was unanimously adopted, to wit:
Resolved, That Jcphtha Dudley, George XV. Craddock,
Giant Gieen, Ambiose W. Dudley, ri. I M. Major, M. 33.
Chum, T. N. Lind-'oy, A. J. James, and J. W. South be,
and tliev aie hereby, appointed a Democratic State central
committee, and invested with all the powers and duties ap-
peitaituug to such committee by the usages of the Demo-
cratic paity of this State.
On motion, it was
Resolved, That the central committee be directed to call
a convention lor the puipose of nominating candidates for
Governor and other State officers, to be elected at the next
Auguct election, to meet m the city of Frankfort on the ISth
day of Februaiv, 18G3. *
On mfttion of J. G. Carlisle, of Kenton, it was
Resolved, That we hail with feelings of the liveliest sat-
isfaction the recent Demociatic victories m the great States
of New Yoik, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, and we sincerely congratulate our Democratic
friends in those States, and the friends of constitutional
libei tv, upon these signal triumphs of the true principles of
repubhean government.
Several distinguished gentlemen addressed the meeting.
It was
Resolved, That the Frankfrnt Yeoman and Common-
wealth, Louisville Journal and Democrat, Cincinnati En-
quirer, and the press generally, be requested to publish the
proceedings of this meeting.
A. B. CHAMBERS, Chairman.
W. P. D, Bush, Secretary.
Mr. President, I have had this paper read for
the purpose of showing the position assumed by
the Democracy of Kentucky in their preliminary
meeting, which was larger! y attended, at Frank-
fort, the capital of the State. Under the instruc-
tions of that meeting, the executive committee^ or-
ganized by it issued a call for a convention t<>
assemble on the 18th instant. That was the only
p<^itical action of the Democracy of Kentucky
that would give an intimation to any one as to
what their views would be. The resolutions that
have been read, it will be observed by those who
have noted their-reading:, were presented by the
Democrats in the Kentucky Legislature, and they
were then before the committee on foreign rela-
tions in that body; and hence one of the resolu-
tions requests the Governor to send copies of them
to certain persons here. It was a mere prelim-
inary meeting. The Democrats in some thirty or
forty of the counties held meetings, passed reso-
lutions, and sent up delegates to that convention.
Many of them expressed no opinions whatever,
except approving the action of the executive
committee in calling the convention and sending
delegates to that convention; others approved of
what were called the Grover and Busli resolu-
tions. I have had that paper read for the pur-
pose of showing the position of the Democracy
of Kentucky. 1 have no doubt that had that con-
vention gone on and concluded its proceedings,
the resolutions which have been read—somewhat
modified, of course—would have been adopted
by it; for I believe those resolutions express the
sentiments of nineteen twentieths of our Dem-
ocratic people. They are opposed to the war;
they desire our difficulties to ba settled by peace;
they think you cannot restore the Union by arms;
but is there a word of disloyalty in those resolu-
tions? None, sir; unless it be disloyal to oppose
the war. They declare against the war; and a?
this Colonel Gilbert or somebody else has had it
telegraphed to all the country that they were dis-
loyal and were rebels, I wished to show their ac-
tion to the country as far as I could do it. I de-
sire the resolutions adopted in that preliminary
meeting and by the members of the convention
who were members of the Legislature, to have a
more permanent existence than a fugitive news-
paper; and as those gentlemen have been maligned
and slandered, I wish this paper to go upon the
record and to stand there forever as a monument
of their love of constitutional and civil liberty. It
shows that those men are worthy descendants of
sires who were the first to resolve and to take the
lead in throwing back the tide of oppression or-
ganized in the time of the elder Adams when the
alien and sedition laws were passed. They, as
did their ancestors, are standing firm by their
country, devoted to its Constitution and devoted
to the Union; but they are opposed to the present
usurpations of the Executive, and they state it
boldly like men. I have not seen so clear, so con-
cise, so pointed, so true an arraignment of the
Executive as is contained in this paper.
I desire it to go upon the record for another
reason: notonly that it may stand as a monument
forever vindicating those gentlemen from any
charges of this kind, and showing that they are
loyal and true lovers of constitutional liberty, but
I wish it to stand as a monument of infamy in all
time against this man, Colonel Gilbert, and all
those who ordered, aided, advised, or sanctioned
his dispersion of those people who were assembled
peaceably under the Constitution and laws of their
country to nominate candidates for our coming
State elections. This was my object in having it
read; and I am proud to have the privilege here
to-day of vindicating the people of my State from
the aspersions of this telegram made by this man
Gilbert or somebody—1 do not know who. I
have read that paper as most specially applicable
just now to the bill of the honorable Senator from
Illinois now under consideration.
That was the action of those men in Kentucky,
containing not a word of disloyalty, but setting
forth clearly, precisely, and specifically why they
arraign the President, and wherein they think he
has done wrong, pointing to the instances in which
lie has violated the Constitution of his country,
and saying they are opposed to this war, and that
they are opposed to giving men or money for the
purpose of conducting a war which, in their judg-
ment, is calculated to destroy the Union and over-
throw the States. Now we see what has been con-
