1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
sidered a political offense in Kentucky, on which
a political convention has been unlawfully dis-
persed by the military.
I am opposed to the" suspension of the writ of
habeas co)-pus by the President in any event what-
ever. If it is designed to suspend it, let us do it.
We are here in session; we have the constitutional
power to do it; let us prescribe the places where
it shall be suspended and the time for which itslfcall
be suspended. Do not let us leave it to the Exec-
utive or to any man to be the judge of what shall
be a political offense, an offense unknown to the
law, that is riot defined in any statute so far as I
am advised.
Mr. President, a friend has kindly furnished me
a book giving some account of the alleged refusal
of the habeas corpus in the case of Napoleon Bona-
parte. I think the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan was mistaken. I merely refer to the account
of the matter given by Captain Maitland, the: man
who had command of the ship Bellerophon, on
which Napoleon was confined. I will read it:
"Between seven and eight o'clock I waited on Lord
Keith, who said he had received information that a habeas
corpus had been taken out for tiie purpose of bunging Bona-
parte on shorn, and that a lawyer was on his way down to
serve it, desning me, therefore, to be ready to put to sea
whenever the signal might be made."
In a note he says:
" it Is a common mistake to suppose that the celebrated
habeas corpus act made it a matter of right for every per-
son, undet any restraint whatever, to obtain this writ.
That statute related to persons committed by legal process
for ciiminnl offences, and the object of it was to prevent
them being detained an unnecessary or unreasonable length
of tune without being brought to tiial. Other cases of al-
leged illegal detention werelettas at common law; in these
the granting 01 reiusal of the writ ih dibcretronaiy in the
court or judge applied to, and it will only be issued on a
proper cum; being laid before them. No such writ, it is be-
lieved, was evei applied for in lionaparte's case; noi, if
applied for, would it have been obtained. Whore a lor-
eignei, in puvate hie, is brought to England, and detained
against his will, the eouit will grant the writ; but any ap-
plication of Honapaite, or on his behalf. mint have >Jrown
him to have suriendcied, and to have been then detained
as a pitsonci ot wai. Under that character lie was not en
titled to the benefit of this wru ; the corn ts having refused
it on the application of individuals btought to England aw
prisoner?. of war, even when applied for by the subject of
a neutral Power, who swore to 1m having been compelled
by force to htnvc the enemy, and to have been captuted jii
the couirie of that compulsoty service.
The  eal tian^action alluded to is understood to have
been this: an individual being under prosecution tor alibel
ot a naval o(hcet, eon-amng Ihk conduct on the Wont In-
dia station, when a French squadron was in those sea*,
pretended that it would aid hi? defense to show that the
tVcnch *<hip>  were at that tunc in an nnvmeeable eondi-
tion. and that I'onaparte would be able to piove the fact,
lie accordingly obtained a &ubpena tor him to attend as a
witness on the trial in the eouit of King's Bench, and en-
deavored hun«e!f. and not by a law\er,as at first&uppo^ed,
to get on board the Bellerophon to deliver it.
"Tins transaction probably gave currency to the rumors
of a habeas torpus having been issued, particularly a* one
description ofthat writ rs the proceeding for bringing a pr is-
ouri into court to give evidence, which having given, he is
rrmnnded to jail.'5
Captain Maitland seems to think there never
was any win issued. I merely read that to re-
fresh the historical recollection of the honorable
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, if is hard, indeed, to sit here in silence, and
listen, day after day, to such speeches as have
just fallen from the lips of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Powell.] That Senator rises here
to-day, and, before the Senate and the country,
pronounces a high-wrought eulogium upon a body
of men calling themselves Kentucky Democrats,
wim have put foith an address in this hour of
public dang.-r, which the loyal hearts of Ameri-
cans instinctively pronounce treasonable to the
nation. Sir, the clem* vision of loyal patriotism,
which sttip.s pretension of its disguises, sees that
this address was inspired by th^ sweltered venom
of repressed treason. Yes, sit, the unclouded
jeasons of men whose heaits throb with emotions
of patriotism, men whose souls are unstaimd,
see, and feed, and realize that an address which
now demands an ''armistice,J with treason, which
"instructs Senators and Representatives to op-
pose any aid in the further prosecution of this
war" for the existence of the nation, by "furnish-
ing either men or ninnc)'," was conceived by
traitor brains and penned by traitor hands. The
Senator from Kentucky desires that this treason-
able address shall go upon the records of the Sen-
ate, as an honor to the men who penned it, and
us an evidence of the infamy of the Government
ot the United States. I, too, desire to have it go
upon the enduring records of my country, for
those records will bear to all coming generations
the damning evidence that the men who conceived
that address, the men who penned that address,
the men who signed that address, the men who
issued that address, and the men who applaud
that address, are traitors to their country and its
democratic institutions. [Applause in the gal-
leries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order! The
Chair will be obliged to order the galleries to be
cleared forthwith if this offense be repeated. It
is in contempt of the body to commit demonstra-
tions of applause or disapprobation. It is not ad-
missible, and will not be allowed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir, I
desire that this disloyal address shall go upon the
records of the Senate of the United States. Let
those enduring records carry down to the coming
ages the infamous fact that the Democracy of Ken-
tucky, whose hearts are sweltering with the poi-
soned venom of baffled treason, arraign and de-
nounce the gallant sons of the Northwest, who
rushed to save that State from traitor hordes,
for " overrunning the State," " destroying houses,
and fencing of farms and lots," " sacking houses
of peaceful citizens," and " robbing them of their
silver-ware, stock, and provisions." Let those
records, too, transmit to after times the evidence
that these Kentucky Democrats denounce the
Chief Magistrate of the Republic for "permit-
ting his wagon-masters and others, with armed
soldiers, to seize the com, oats, and hay of our
citizens for the use of his armies." Yes, sir, let
those records bear evidence that the Senator from
Kentucky causes to be inscribed upon the ar-
chives of the nation this wicked arraignment of the
President of the United States, this bitter and slan-
derous denunciation of the brave men of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, of the great Northwest, who for
many weary months have traversed that Com-
monwealth to protect her loyal sons from the
sabers and bayonets of her apostate sons—her
Buckner, her Breckinridge, her Marshall, her Mor-
gan, and their compeers in treason. Let this evi-
dence of the gratitude, ay, and the justice, too, of
the Democracy of Kentucky and their Senator,
for the toils, sufferings, and deaths of the brave
soldiers who have borne the cause of United Amer-
ica upon their bayonets over the hills and fields
of 44 the dark and bloody ground," go upon the
record; let the eulogium pronounced to-day by the
Senator from Kentucky go also upon the record,
and let the loyal heart of America decide whether
that address is loyal to the Union and the rights
of man, and whether that eulogium is worthy of
a loyal American Senator.
Mr. President, when rebel batteries opened their
consuming fires upon Fort Sumter, and its few
heroic but starving defenders, till the glorious old
llag of United America came down and the ban-
ner of armed treason waved in haughty triumph
over its battered walls and its scarred and smok-
ing rums, patriotism summoned the loyal men of
the Republic, to forget party obligations, and re-
member only that they had a country to serve and
to save. Loving my country, my whole country,
with intense, vehement,and passionate affection,
as the land in which were garnered up the highest
hopes of the present and of the coming genera-
tions of toiling millions, I resolved to do all 1 could
by word and by deed to unite the loyal people of
America in one mighty effort to preserve the unity
of the Republic, maintain the authority of the Gov-
ernment, and perpetuate the national life. And,
sir, amid detraction, obloquy, and reproach, 1
have striven to keep that vow made to my country
and my God, wheuarmed treason plunged the na-
tion into the fire and blood of civil war, to eternize
human slavery, and perpetuate the ascendency
of man-ownets in the councils of this Christian
and democratic Republic. • To-day twenty-three
companies of volunteers are in the field, battling
for their country, organized mainly by my efforts,
and officered chiefly by my selection, and never
did I thmk of the political sentiments of the gallant
men commissioned upon my recommendation.
More than two hundred gallant soldiers have en-
tered the field bearing commissions in the vol-
unteers or regular Army, secured to them by
my efforts. Never have I paused to ask what
were the party relations of men who were ready
to bare their bosoms to shot, shell, and steel of
armed traitors. Some of them now sleep in
their bloody shrouds on stricken fields; others
lie maimed in hospitals, or, bending beneath the
diseases of the camps, are away among kindred
and friends, while their comrades still live to
battle for their country. But Republican and
Democrat alike, among them, will ever bear wit-
ness that their party relations never commended,
them to my regard or to my support. Here, m
this Chamber,1 have ever sttiven tokeepthevow
of patriotism imposed upon loyal men of every
creed, when the storm of war swept over the lana.
Measures of transcendent importance have en-
gaged the attention of, and nearly four thousand
eight hundred names of military officers, from sec-
ond lieutenants up to major generals, have passed
before the Committee on Military Affairs, and that
committee, four Republicans and three Demo-
crats, upon all these measures and all these can-
didates, has never given a party vote. No, sir,
never has my committee divided as Republicans
and as Democrats upon cither measures or men.
My Democratic associates upon the committee, I
am sure, can say of me and my Republican asso-
ciates, what I take pride in saying of them, that
we have inquired, not what were the partisan
opinions of candidates, but only, can they render
service to their endangered country ?
That patriotism, which embraces the whole
country, comprehends the mighty interests of the
present and the future of the Republic, bids us all
subordinate the temporary claims of party to the
enduring interests of our country. The needs of
our country, the pressing exigencies of this hour
of profound anxiety, when the heart of the patriot
thiobs heavily for the uncertain future of the Re-
public, bid us forget, forgive, unite, look step,
and move on, shoulder to shoulder, to the rescue
of our periled land. I am and ever have been
ready, m obedience to the voice of patriotism, to
go as far as he who would go furthest in burying
the idle feuds engendered by the contests of the
post, and in binding together the men of every
creed in one mighty host, moved by one overmas-
tering impulse. But, sir, my ear is pained and my
soul is made sick by these fierce, bitter, and ma-
lignant assaults of men who heed the claims of
mere partisanship rather than the lofty demands
of an all-embracing patriotism. Day after day,
for month after month, the nation has had dinned
into its weary ear these bitter, false, and unrea-
soning criticisms of men whose petty prejudices
against men with whom'they differed about ques-
tions of administration m other days—men whose
attachments to and sympathies for the rebel chiefu,
their late trusted and honored leaders, make them
forgetful of the lofty claims of their country. Duty
to our periled county, to our brave men whose
manly bosoms are bared to the shots and shells,
the sabers and bayonets of rebel battalions, de-
mand that we should no longer be silent, that we
should unmask these factionists, strip the dis-
guises from off these rebel sympathizers, and let
them stand forth in all their nakedness to the in-
dignant and withering scorn of a betrayed and
insulted nation.
Sir, these malignant factionists, these rebel sym-
pathizers, emboldened by the charity and silence
of loyal men, forget who they are and what they
are. If these men, who have only tender words
for treason and traitors whose hands are reeking
with the fresh blood of our friends and kindiea
fallen m the cause of our menaced country, while
they pour out bitter reproaches upon their own
Government, and heap their maledictions upon
the heads of patriotic men who give their days
and nights to their country, have forgotten who
they are and what they are, the nation has not
ceased to remember who and what they are. Yes,
sir; the nation remembers the associations, the
words, and acts of the Senator from Kentucky
and his confederates, in and out of Congress, who
have no words of rebuke for armed treason, who
send to our brave soldiers battling for their coun-
try no word of cheer or of hope. 1 tell the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, 1 tell his associates in these
Chambers, I tell the malignant factionists of the
East and of the West, that the nation, in its mag-
nanimity, may forgive, but never can forget it.
History will write it down for after times, that
these malignant slanderers of the Government,
these factionists, who pronounce the Presidenta
tyrant and a usurper, who decry the credit of the
nation, discourage enlistments, counsel desertion
and threaten resistance to legal authority, plot m
the dark secret councils of the Knights of the
