1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
memories of the past and the hopes of the future by
a thousand ties of interest, kindred, and affection,
is in his heart disloyal to the country, and he
would be a traitor were he not a coward.
The President of the United States has been
denounced here, day after day, as a tyrant and
usurper, and the Senator from Kentucky talks
about the usurpations of the President. The his-
tory of these days of trial will prove to all who
come after us that never in the history of man-
kind has it happened that any Government has
been so charitable, so humane, so forgiving to
traitors in arms, or to men in sympathy with trai-
tors in arms. The President has a heart as soft and
as tender as a mother sitting beside the cradle of
her sick babe. Throughout this fratricidal war,
the President, oppressed by day and by night
with anxieties and labors enough to break down
any man in America, has ever been charitable,
kind, forgiving to the men who are striving to de-
stroy this splendid fabric of free government, and
the not less guilty men who are plotting to aid
this foul and wicked work of treason. And yet
this man, this Chief Magistrate of whom history
will say he had too much heart, too much of the
milk of human kindness in him to do inflexibly
the stem duties that belong to his office in these
days of lawlessness, violence, and blood, is de-
nounced here and elsewhere, day after day, as a
usuipcr and a tyrant, and his mild and humane
administration is denounced as a crushing des-
potism. These, utterances are in every sense false,
unjustly, wickedly false, and this will be the judg-
ment of the country and of the Christian and civ-
ilized world of the present and of coming gene-
rations. As I have witnessed his tendermeicy,his
charity, his considerate kindness towards these
men whose hands ate diipping with the blood of
our loyal countrymen, I have prayed for one hour
of Andrew Jackson. Instead of being a tyrant
and a usuiper, Abraham Lincoln has deak too
gently with the wickedest rebellion the world ever
saw. Never Iras history written in its immortal
pagesof any chief magistrate in all the ages, such
forbearance, such leniency, such considerate ten-
derness for howlers and Reasonable conspirators
as Abraham Lincoln has shown during this cause-
less insurrection. Humanity can never summon
Abraham Lincoln before the bar of the nations or
before the throne of the living God to answerfor
deeds of cruelty 01 injustice to Ins fellow-man.
Hut, air, all these cruel assaults upon the Pres-
identof the United Slates develop the ammus, the
intention, the purpose of the men who make them.
But their poisoned arrows fall harmless at the
President's foot. Sir, this class of men are rapidly
defining their unpa'uotic purposes. The intelli-
gent patriotism of the country will not lad to see
and to condemn this blind, unteasoning fanaticism
of Demociatic partisanship. The loyal own of
tin Republic, in the light of passing events, are
coaling to underMand the lelations of these un-
yciupulous Democratic partisan.-*. They see that
these men at e now playing the parts Jeiferaon
Davis expected they would play in favor of rebel-
lion, by distracting and dividing the people of the
loyal States. As their unpatiiotic purposes are
disclosed to the com pi ehension of the country, the ' j
fires of patriotism blaze up anew in the ISast and i:
in the West. The currents of public sentiment :|
are setting now in support of the national Gov- !|
ornment, and these mighty eurients will toll over :|
and carry under reb< Is and rebel sympathizes, jj
Our heroic men in the field, by battalions, regi- -j
ments, and brigades, aie sending home to the^e
sympathizers with armed traitois their stern and !;
bcathing condemnation. The heroic Rosecians jj
utters the genera! voice of our armies when he i]
tells these advocates of " peace on any terms," j;
that " he who entertains the sentiment is fit only j!
to be a slave; he who utteis it at tins tune is, !!
moieover, a traitor to his country, who deserves ;!
the hccni and contempt of all honorable men." {\
Yes, sir, the brave men who are fighting oui bat- [j
ties in the fi"ld, who ate pouring out their blood [\
for their country like autumnal iai>>s, whose bos- ij
oms aie bated to the balls and bayonets of south-
ern Democratic traitors,are tmnmgfora moment j
their faces from the foe to denounce the wanton '<•
and reckless Democratic partisans in their rear,
who sympathize with the armed traitors who are /
shooting thrm down in ftont. These men, who "
foi months have had nothing but soft words for
tiaitors and bitter reproaches for loyal men, are l'
quaking and cowering before the rising patriotism
of the nation. Yes, sir, these men, who with proud
and haughty mien have hurled their defiance at
the President, and heaped reproaches upon patri-
otic men struggling to save their endangered coun-
try, are shrinking under the indignant reproaches
of the heroic men who are bearing upon their bay-
onets, in the land of the rebellion, the authority
of the Government and the perpetuity of the Re-
public.
No wonder the fires of patriotism are rekin-
dling in the hearts of the people, as the unpatriotic
purposes of Democratic sympathizers with rebels
arc disclosed. No wonder that our gallant sol-
diers send from around their camp fires, and from
the fields of blood y conflict, the words of stinging
rebuke that now ring in the ears of these Demo-
cratic apologists of slave-masters' treason. Pa-
triotism sees and feels and realizes that every word
uttered against the Government, every vote given
agai nst the Go vernment, every act performed tend-
ing to thwait the efficiency of the Government,
fires the heart and weapons the hand of the rebel-
lion. Iirave soldiers in front of the rebel legions
know that every Democratic word of apology for
or sympathy with traitors, every word uttered
against the war policy of the Administration,
every Democratic victory over the men in the loyal
States who never fired upon their country's Hag
or its brave defenders, electrifies rebel camps,
raises high rebel hopes, and nerves the rebel arms.
The soldiers of ihe Republic, in the face of rebel
armies, see and feel and realize that the blind zeal
of Democratic partisans, who give to party what
is due to their country, prompts the rebels to put
foith the most gigantic efforts for the dismember-
ment of the Union, gives that courage to their
oounciis and that vigor to their action which can
only be bafllcd by the sacrifice of the blood and
the lives of their comrades m arms.
ikita few days ago the Senatorfrom Iowa placed
in my hands a letter from a gallant udmna! now
on the coast of the Oai olinas, in which he said that
the first news they had of the election of Iloratio
Seymour last autumn was from the pickets of the
enemy, who taunted our soldiers with the defeat
of their fi lends in tlx; Empire State. These victo-
ries over the Administration,these denunciations
of the President as a tyrant and usurper, these
violent propositions in legislative assemblies, these
sympathi/.'ng resolutions and speeches in Demo-
cratic. conventions, these plottings of men who
mourn over our victoi ies and rejoice over our de-
feats, carry joy into rebel councils,and raise cheers
of triumph around rebel cam}) fires. The Army
sees all this, the people, too, see this, and thou-
sands who were ready to " let ei ring sisters depart
m peace,51 seeing the lone and temper of the Army,
and the Joyalty and devotion of the men of the
Army, and the using hopes and patiiotism of the
American people, ai e pionouneing that the war
must he fought to a successful conclusion. I tell
the men whose woids and deeds are quoted and
commended by jehel piesses, iebe| leaders, and
rebel aimies,that they will go down beneath the
withering ^eorn and stern condemnation of the
A mei icau people, from whose verdict there lies no
appeal.
i have no disposition, Mr. Piesidcnt, to reproach
loyal men of Democratic faith who have stood by
their country with unfaltering fidelity. I thank
God that there are Demociats in public life and in
private life whose every word and every act has
been given to the cause of their country. Tens of
thousands of men \vho\oted in l8G0foi Dou«;las,
many who voted for the apostate Bell, and for
Bieckinralge the traitor, are now periling their
lives for their country. 1 am, sir, for my country,
and for my whole country. J am for constitu-
tional government and foi republican institutions;
and I am for the man, no matter with what party
he may have acted, who is ready now by woid or
by deed to support the country and Us free insti-
tutions now menaced by this Democratic slave-
holders' jebeilion.
We are told, sir, that we have departed from the
doettines of the resolution introduced into the
House of llepiese:Uatives by Mr. Crittenden-,of
Kentucky. Sii , 1 voted for that resolution m good
faith, and I stand by it to-day in good faith. 1 be-
lieved then the sole purpose of the Government to
be the suppression of the rebellion and theestabhsh-
ment of the constitutional authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States; and 1 now believe that
purpose to be the suppression of the rebellion and
the establishment of the constitutional authority
of the Governmentof the United States. But, sir,
this rebellion was born of slavery, and the expe-
rience of nearly two years teaches us that slavery
is a source of power to the rebellion. The break-
ing down of slavery insures the triumph of the
country, and saves the precious blood of its brave
defenders. Patriotism and humanity alike de-
mand that we should strike down a system that
plunged the nation into the abyss of revolution
and civil war—-a system that lias been a potent
instrument in the hands of the rebel leaders. It
is the physical power of the rebellion; it has sown
and reaped, planted and gathered, two crops to
feed the rebel armies. Sir, I would strike down
slavery because slavery is the source and power
of the rebellion, and thus secure the enduring tri-
umph of the country. I would take the slave, and
1 would use him to save the labor, the blood,and
the lives of my countrymen in the field. You can
take the father from the children that bear his
name and inherit his blood; you can take the son
from his parents, from the father who begat him
and the mother that bore him; you can take the
brother from the brothers and sisters who love
him; you can take the husband from the wife of
his bosom, and send those fathers and husbands,
sons and brothers, to the battle-field, to be torn
and maimed by shot and shell, or to perish by
disease; but Democratic Senators tell us that we
must not, shall not, take the slaves of rebel mas-
ters to lighten the toils of our soldiers or to fight
the battles of the Republic. The slaves of rebels,
or rather, the rights of rebels in slaves, are more
sacred in the eyes of Democratic Senators than
are the lives of the fathers, the husbands, and the
sons of our ever-loyal countrymen. Senators
would not use the slave for military purposes. 1
would. I would use every man in America to
put down this unhallowed rebellion, and to secure
peace and repose to our now distractcd and bleed-
ing country.
The Constitution of the United States empow-
ers the Government to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus in times of insurrection or rebellion. My
judgment tells me that the President of the Uni-
ted States has the power in time of insurrection
or rebellion to suspend the writ of habeas corpus.
The power by the Constitution is confided to the
Government, to the President or Congress, or both.
If there is no law upon the statute-book, and in-
surrection or revolution is sweeping over the land,
and Congress is not in session, has not the Pres-
ident of the United States, in an hour like that,
the power to suspend the writ of habeas coipus t
If lie has not that power, he ought to have it. The
Executive should be clothed with that power; and
1 am among those who believe that our fathers
made a Constitution and endowed it with power
enough to carry the country through sunshine or
stoi m, victory or defeat, peace or war.
When this msuriection swept over the land,
when men were plotting everywhere to destroy
theii countiy, the President assumed that he pos-
sessed this power, and in obedience to the voice
of patriotism and the demands of a loyal people
he exercised that power. The exercise of that
power saved Maryland in the early days of the
rebellion. Plotters and spies and smugglers and
men ready to give aid and comfort to treason were
arrested. Mistakes may have been made, were
made, but they were unintentional and accidental.
I know that the President and his Cabinet made
these arrests with leluctance; that they never de-
sired to punish the innocent oi oppress even the
guilty. Whenever these men weie willing to cease
plotting against their country, whenever they
were willing to take the oath of allegiance and
fidelity, or whenever the occasion for their arrest
had passed, they have been discharged from ar-
rest, and some of them who persistently refused
to take the oath of fidelity to their country were
dischurged-without even giving that pledge. Some
of these men, like Calhoun Benham, after their
release consummated their treason by joining the
armies of the rebellion.
I assure Senators that when the evidence now
m the Departments of the plottings and treasons
of men who have been ai rested, ay, sir, and of
men who have not been airested,goes before the
world, the countiy will be astounded at the dark
plottings and unpatriotic and disloyal words and
deeds of men in the loyal sections of the Union.
