226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
that will take care of the wreck, the commercial
wreck, that', in my belief, will follow the present
undue expansion, that I urge the passage of this
law.
So far as I am concerned, I do not object to the
postponement of this bill for a few days, but I
hope if it is postponed an earljf day will be fixed
for its consideration, and that it will receive the
deliberate consideration of the House.
Mr. WALKER. I hope that the House will
not dismiss this important subject without due
consideration. I regard it as of the greatest im-
portance at this time. The observations of a whole
life spent in business have shown to my rffind
most strongly the great importance of a uniform
system of bankruptcy in all parts of the United
States. In my judgment, if ever a country should
have such a system, it is this; for no country
needs it more than this. We have always needed
it, especially from the peculiar character of our
currency, which has always been fluctuating in
its character and extent, and has of itself pro-
duced an immense amount of bankruptcy.
I think, then, I am right in saying that no coun-
try needs such a system more than the United
States, for the reason I have mentioned, and for
the additional reason that we have a wonderfully
buoyant industry among us, inclining us to great
speculation.
Now, sir, I have not failed to observe the very
great difference of opinion that exists between
different men and different interests in relation to
a bankrupt law. I have observed the jealousy
that exists in various quarters in relation to the
operation of such a law. But the expeiience of
Massachusetts is mosi strongly in favor of a bank-
rupt law. No State was, 1 am sure,worse off in that
respect than Massachusetts, up to 1840, We had
in operation a terrible system, sometimes desig-
nated a snap law, by which a creditor could go,
even in the night, and strip the debtor of every-
thing lie had in the world. Those who got there
first took all. Our system could not we'll have
been worse, and we were compelled, as a matter
of self-defense, to enact a bankrupt law. We
have done it, and it has worked most beneficially.
As my learned friend and colleague [Mr.Thomas]
has remarked, the system has been amended and
perfected from time "to tune until it has come to
give universal satisfaction.
I am aware that a feeling exists to a very con-
siderable extent among business men that the
passage of a bankrupt law will have the effect of
discharging their honest debtors. That, to a cer-
tain extent, is true, as has been well said by mem-
bers ofthe committee who have spoken upon the
subject. But neverthi less, the creditor mteiest
needs a bankrupt law as truly as the debtor in-
terest of the country. 1 speak from experience,
having gone through the great revulsion of 1S37
with perhaps as large a creditor interest as any
man in the country in my line of business. But,
sir, I was then in favor of a bankrupt law, and
am now in favor of such a law.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat that I hope the measure
now under consideration will not lightly be passed
over, tf it is to be postponed, I hope some early
day will be fixed in which it may have a full con-
sideration and discussion. For my own part I
feel much indebted to the gentleman who has re-
ported the bill for the ^roatamoaut of labor he lias
bestowed upon it. 1 think it commends itself to the
House in the very source from whi''h it originated,
and from the industry and research which have
been expended upon it.
It was not my intention to have submitted any
remarks at this time. 1 merely rose to exnress
the earnest wish that the bill be not ia.d oil the
table, but that it may be assigned for some future
time, when it may receive that full and deliberate
consideration which its importance demands.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr, ROSCOL C'OXKLiNG. If the gentleman
from Illinois will permit mo, I desire"simplv to
call the attention of the House to the remark I
made, that one of the provisions of this bill was
tsuch as to preclude a debtor who had taken the
benefit of a previous bankrupt law from availing
himself of the beneiits of this. I did not profess
to give precisely the provisions of the section,
which I have since looked at, and find that it will
notcarry out that proposition perhaps so strongly
as I stated it. I only desired to say, in general
terms, thot o in "f flio ohiects of the committee in
framing the bill was to prevent the same man
from being discharged two or three times.
One further suggestion, if the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I must resume
the floor.
Mr. KiSCOE CONKLING. I only wished
to say that I understand that Thursday, a week
from to-morrow, is unoccupied.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object. I have
yielded to gentlemen for the most unprecedented
proceeding of arguing a motion to lay a bill on
the table. I now make that motion, and ask the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow me to say that as Thursday of
next week is unoccupied, as I understand, if the
bill is not laid on the table, I will move to post-
pone it to that time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 6G; as follows:
YEAS—Mcspia. William Alien, Ancona, Babbitt, Baily,
ftmgham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Bul-
rinton, Burnham, Chamberlain, Fieuerick A. Confcimg,
Corning, Cox, Cravens, Duufup. Eti^mon, Gnder, Hail.
Harding, Hanson, Hickman, i-lolman, Honon, Johnson.
William KeI!o<rs, Knapp. Law, Lazear, Loomis, AJcPner-
son, Malloiy, Maynard, Menzies, Mitchell, Anson P.Moi-
rili, ftlonis, Noble. Noiton, Patton, Peirj . Porter, Pi ice,
Edward IT. Rolling James ri. Rollins, Chunks, Sheinmn,
Pimth, Wdkam G. Steele, Hide*, \ ibbatd, Wall,
Wallace, Wicklifie, WlUon, Woodruff, Woiee^ter, and
Ycatn.m—HO.
IVAYS—Messrs. AHey, Arnold, A-iil^y, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, lliddlc,Samuel S. Blair,Calvert,Campbell, Cl.itk,
Clement?-, Collaw Ro>coc Conkling, CiMkjd, Davj^. Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely. Samuel C. Fe-*ondon, Thomas A. 1).
Fe^enden, Fisliei, Coach, Goodwin. Gtan^er, ilai<jht,
Hale. liutehins, kelley, Fiancis \V. Ktilotg, Kciria'an,
Kiitingcr, Lehman, Eovejoy, Low, M^Kean, McKmght,
Moorhcad, Jn-tin S. Morrill, Nixon. Odell, Olm, Timothy
G. Phelps Pike, Alexander II. Rice,'John li.Eiee, Riddle,
Saigent, Sedgwick, Seii-ti, Sheffield, Shollabtirsjer, s-panld
in#, Stevens, Benjamin P. Thomas. Fiancis Thomas,
Tumble, Tiowfimfire, Van Valkenbuigh, Vuiee, Waikei,
Waul, Webster, Wheeler, Wmdoni, and Wood—6C.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PENDLETON stated that he had paired
with his colleague, Mr. Guri.ey. Otherwise he
(Mr. P.) would vote to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. PENDLETON also stated that his col-
league, Mr. Vallandigham, was necessarily ab-
sent from the House-, otherwise he would vote in
the affirmative on this motion.
Mr. MALLOI1Y stated that Mr. Ckittexdem
was detained at ins room by indisposition.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Cobb, was unavoidably absent
from the House.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. UOSCOE CONKLING moved that the
further consideration ofthe subject be postponed
for one week from Thursday next, after the morn-
ing hour.
The motion was agreed to.
LOAN OF
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended , and the House resolve itsclfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
bill No. 033, making uppropiiations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expensesofthe Gov-
ernmentforthf^year ending the 30th of.Tune, 1864.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
es the question now recurs on the following reso-
lution, oiFerfid by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox:]
Jlcsohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to this- House hi^ ieason<, if any, for nvg- 1
lee tiny to an-wci the resolution pruned l.y thi^> House on
the IGth ol Ijeeember la-t, mfjuinng into the name-: of the ■
ownns of tie* J. nited States stoeK oi 1^42, and as to the
medium by which he proposed to pay the same ; andim-
th.'ij thai he do now cunnmnieau- to rhi« fiou-e flip muni'.-? '
or Mich owners and whether lie ha'- paid the fa&id stock,
and. it  o. whether in cum or otherwise. !
On the last vote there was no quorum, and the }
question now is on the passage ofthe resolution,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. COX. Let the resolution be postponed .
until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object. I move that
the resolution be laid upon the table. The gentle-
man has obtained the information aslted for, and '
there is no good reason why hu should press his
resolution at this time.
Mr. COX. All I ask is that the resolution may
be postponed until the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury and the accompanying papers have
been printed and laid before the House. The
Globe does not contain the names of the holders
of the loan of 184*2. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was laid upon the table, there
being, on a division—ayes GO, noes 35.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 30; as follows:
YEAs?—Messrs Alley, Arnold, Ashley. Baker, Baxter,
He,i.man, Bingham, Samuel 5$. Elair, Blake, .Bufunton,
Campbell, Chambei lain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
Innr, Koscop Conkhng, Covodc, Davis, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Edwards, Ehot, Ely, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A.
D. Fe^enden, Fisher. Fiank. Granger, Uaieht, Ilale, Ilai-
rjs>on.Hickman, Hooper, Ilutehins, Julian, Kelley.William
Kellogg, Lehmun, Loomi---, EovejoV, Low, HJcKoan, Me-
Knightj McPherson, Mooihead, Justin S jMmiill, Olin,
Pattom Pike, Poitei. Alexander II. Rice, John II. llice,
ItuUlle, Edwaul H. 1'ollin-*, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shanks, Hhellield, Shclialiaifjcr, Sheiman, Spauldins,
Tumble. Trowhurisre, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgli, Wall,
Wallace, Washbume, Wilson, Windom, and Woices
to—7*3.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, P.iddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Cahert, Clements Coining, Cox. Cravens, Cusrield, Dun-
lap, Goodwin, Guder. Hall. Ilohnan, La^ear, Mallory,
Meimus, Morris. Noble, Noiton, Penv. James S. Rollins*
Bhiol. ^uuth. Sales, Fiancis Thomas, Yibbaid, Wickhffe,
Wood, and Woodiuff—30.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
TOTES RECORDED.
Messrs. SHERMAN, SHELLABARGER,
and EDGERTON, by unanimous consent, were
allowed to have their votes recorded on the pas-
sage of the Missouri emancipation bill, and they
accordingly severally voted m the affirmative.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide a national currency secured
by pledge of United States stock, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I have an amendment to
the bill to enlarge the Illinois and Michigan canal
and for other purposes, which 1 ask leave to have
piinted.
- There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend the act of July 22, 1861,
to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and protecting the public
property •. which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Illinois, (at ten minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
! IN SENATE.
Tkurcoay, January 8, 1863.
■! Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. SrvDERLAND.
, The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
■ PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
1 Mr. WILSON, of M Hssucimsctts, presented
, three petitions of paymasters'clerks, praying for
1 an increase of salary; which were referred to the
' Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FIELD presented two petitions of citizens
of New Jersey, praying for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie on
1 the table.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
1 Mr. COLLAME!!, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
! the bill (II. R. No, 650) to authorize additional
' mailable matter, reported it without amendment,
and that it ought not to pass.
