228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
action has beenigbverned, that thereby we may
in future avoid the errors of the past.
" We of this Congress and this Administration [says the
President] will be icmembered in s«pite of ourselves. No
personal significance or insignificance can spare one or
another of us.5>
Since*then,sir, wo are each to be "lighted down
in honor or dishonor to the latest generation," it
is but right that each make his own appeal to the
awful tribunal of history, and vindicate his action
in this national catastrophe, even before the "latest
generation." But where is the necessity, in mak-
ing one's own defense, of condemning the action
of others? Why find fault with that which you
cannot control, and for which you are not respons-
ible? My answer is plain. Some of us here can
only act upon measures of public policy submitted
to us by others. No efforts of ours to give a
proper direction to public affairs by propositions
of legislation or tender of advice can avail. An
Administration policy, supported by a majority
of this Congress, is submitted for our approval or
rejection. If weapprove, well. If we rcject, then,
as the dogma sought to be enforced is that the Ad-
ministration is the Government and the Govern-
ment is the Administration, we are to be charged
with being opposed to the Government and in favor
of rebellion. Yhe questions, then, upon which his-
tory is to decide are simply these: Is this Admin-
istration right or wrong? Are its measures, as
means for the restoration of the Union and the
preservation of the Constitution, wise or unwise,
proper or improper; and should they or should
they not receive the support of'the representatives
of the States and of the people?
Rightly to determine these questions we must
review to some extent the past, and consider the
situation of the present. We are and for eighteen
months have been in the midst of the greatest
political revolution the world has ever seen. We
delude ourselves when we say, and we cannot de-
ceive the judgment of histoiy by the declaration,
that such a revolution has no cause. I appeal to
the history of the past for the truth of this1 asser-
tion that there never has been any great moral,
social, or political revolution without some cause
more or less great, more or less justifiable. All
Governments consider revolutions against their
authority as without cause. Were their judg-
ments of the rightfulness or wrongfulness of the
exercise of powerby themselves and of resistance
thereto by others admitted as the infallible rule,
liberty could not exist, but despotism would
everywhere prevail. According to such a stand-
ard of judgment, the gieat English revolution was
astupendous crime. No Botubon could sec aught
but criminality in the French revolution; and the
American struggle foi independence was ugarded
by the English king and ministry, and even by
the English people, with aa great abhorrence as a
wicked resistance to rightful authority as we affect
to regard the resistance of the revoked States to
Federal authority. The law of revolutions, or
tha^by which their character is most generally
determined, is that "might makes right," that
success is justification.
The impartial student of history, however, will
be forced to the conclusion thru there have been
revolutions which have failed that ought to have
succeeded, and that there have been successful
revolutions which ought to have failed. My opin-
ion,sir,is that this levolution ought to fail unless
you make that rightful in the conclusion which
was wrongful in the beginning—not because it
was wholly without cause, but because its causes
did not amount to a justification. No portion of
a people have a right, for light or trivial causes,
or from apprehended evil, and without first ex-
hausting ail reasonable and proper means 10 inert
it, to plunge the whole into the horror:, of cmi
war. But, sir, while I honestly believe the causes
of the present revolution were not sufficient to
amount to a justification of it, and while, there-
fore, i belie ve'it ought not to succeed, I am equally
honest m my conviction that it will succeed for all
practical purposes—dunng this Adm-nistiation,
atieast—unless this Administration and this Con-
gress shall change their policy, and be governed
by wiser counsels in the future than they have
been in the past. This may be considered plain
talk in the American Senate. Some may even
Direct to treat it, as the honest warning of Chat-
ham to tlie En^liMh Parliament was treated, as
disloya'. Had the English Parliament listened to
and actcd upon his advice, the colonies had been
saved to the crown. Had this Administration
listened to and acted upon the advice of those
whom they,in their superciliousness-and haughti-
ness of power, have presumed to distrust, instead
of war and carnage, peace and harmony^vould
everywhere throughout the land have this day
prevailed.
The causes of revolutions do not generally lie
on the surface of things. They are not usually
what they seem to be. They are not so often
isolated acts of oppression on the part of Govern-
ment, as the assertion of the right as a principle
on the part of Government to do them. It was
not simply the imposition of a trifling tax upon
tea that caused the American Revolution, but it
was the assertion of the right of Parliament to tax
the colonies without their consent. It was acon-
! troversy between the crown and his ministers on
| the one side, and the people of the colonics on the
! other, in reference to the powers of Government
■ under the English constitution. The imposition
1 of the tax and the attempt to collect it wore only
i the occasion of testing the right claimed by force
i of arms. The student of history will find no diffi-
! culty in tracing the causes of our present revolu-
! tion to a radical and fundamental difference of
, opinion among our people in reference to the true
: theory of our Government, and the limitations
upon Fedetal and State authority. TsthisaGov-
, ernment of the people of the^Umted States as a
quasi political body, acting rightfully by force of
a popular numerical mojonty, the voicc of which
■ majority constitutionally decides the characterof
! legislation, oris it a Government of the people
■ of the States, representative in its character, and
, limited in its powers, legislative as well as exec-
utive and judicial, by the delegation of authority
. expressed in the Federal Constitution? Thenon-
' delivery of fugitives from service and labor, the
, raid of John Drown into Virginia, the election of
Abraham Lincoln as President, none of these wire
! the cause, m my opinion, of this revolution; but it
was the assertion of the i ight to refuse and prevent
■ such delivery, with the assertion of thepowerand
' duty of Congress, and of the people of the free
States, to abolish slavery, or so circumscribe and
limit it that " the public mind could rest in the
: coimction of its ultimateextinction.'* H was the
j assertion of the right to abolish, accompanied by
[ such acts as evidenced the purpose to abolish,
j that led to this revolution.
j I have said, Mr. President, that the revolution
I m the southern States was not justifiable. I re-
s peat it, sir. But, sir, I say as emphatically that
! I believe the intermeddling by the people of the
j free States with the subject of slavery, and their
; attempt to evade their constitutional obligations,
j and to render the homes and firesides of the peo-
: pie of the slaveholdmg States insecure, was a
: crime, and a crime without which this revolution
| never would or could have happened. The con-
; troversy was not so much between the Federal
; Government (for as yet it had done nothing) and
I the people of the southern Slates, as between the
I people of the free Stales and the slaveholdmg
i States as to what the people of the States and the
J Federal Government could and should or could
j not and should not do in reference to the subject
, of slavery. Here, in my opinion, was the cause
| of the secession. But whatever was the cause,
j and whether there was cause or not, it happened;
; and how to meet the emergency, and how best to
; act to restore union and harmony, and to piescrve
j a common Government under the Constitution,
! were the great questions for this Administration
to solve. Beheving secession unwairanted by the
Constitution, and revolution unjustifiable unless
as a dernier resort of a free people, and believing
that an attempt at their exercise by the southern
people would be ruinous to all, but more so to the
border States than to the others, I have never had
f ny sympathy with either, but an honest detest-
ation of both; but as I have differed and do differ
with this Administration m reference to its whole
policy in relation to our national troubles, and as
I am a member of this Congress, and one of those
who, as the President says, is to be, by the fiery
trial through which we are now passing, iighu-d
down in honor or dishonor to the latest genera-
tion, I propose so to illumine both his and my
own pathway that even the " latest generation"
, shall have no difficulty in assigning each his true
: position of" honor or dishonor."
It must have been apparent to the President, as
it certainly was to everybody else, after Inspec-
tion, that unless some means of pacification weie
adopted, that an attempt at national disruption
was inevitable. Such an attempt he may have m-
garded as unreasonable, as criminal; but neither
its unreasonableness nor criminality could excuse
the jocular indifference with which he seemed to
regard it. Ho had been victorious in the political
race for power, and could have afforded even to
have been generous toward those laboring under
apprehensions of evil to themselves from his Ad-
ministration. But, sir, when he saw that the whole
country was agitated and filled with alaim, and
that the work of disruption had in fact commenced,
; it was criminal indifference on his part to give no
S assurance to his countrymen that the constitu-
| tional rights of the people of the several States
| should be maintained, and the Union preserved
i with all the dignity and rights of the several States
! unimpaired. Wimre then was his love for the
j Union? When those who were patriotically
' struggling by day and night for the adoption of
i some peaceful and honorable mode of adjustment
: were needing woids of encouragement, and were
; anxiously seeking assistance from those about to
■ be installed into power, did he whisper aught of
j hope in their ear? When, in disguise, he sought
< the capital of the Republic, and found good and
j wise men, representatives of the States that had
j not seceded, endeavoring to devise some means
1 to arrest the work of national dismemberment, did
\ he aid them by Ins counsel or encourage them by
; his promise? When, before his inauguration as
President, he entered this Chamber and found
; Crittenden and Douglas and their colaborers en-
' dcavoring to procure the adoption of measures of
honorable compromise, did ho request one of his
: political fiier.ds to aid them in their patriotic ef-
! forts? The only response he ever deigned to his
inquiring and distressed countryman was the dig-
nified assurance that " nobody is hurt."installed
into office, he betakes himself to the agreeable
1 work of distributing offices to his greedy follow-
; c-rs, and manifests no further interest m public
! affairs than to see whethei a pretext for war can-
not be had by tempting the seeeders to strike the
i first blow. It is struck, and immediately the cry
1 rings throughout the land that the rebels have
lired upon the national flag, that Sumter has
■ fallen, and that the rebellion mustbc crujhed out.
■ Seventy-five thousand volunteers are called into
' the fi'-ld, soon to be followed by half a million
, more, and " On to Richmond 1 " is the cry. War
exists r.ot by the act of Congress, but by the act
1 of Beauregnrd and Abraham Lincoln. Better,far
' better for this country, had neither of them ever
been born.
Mr. President, this war was either necessary or
it was unnecessary. If necessary, it was only so
! for the purpose of preserving national existence
, and the constitutional rights of the people. If in-
dispensable for tln-sc puiposes,it wesjustifiable.
If not so indispensable, it was a crime. Was it
necessary ? Could the Union have been presei ved
and the constitutional rights of the people be main-
tained without a msort to arms? He who asserts
the contrary falsifies history and attempts an im-
pos'tion upon public eieduiity. These are the
: only legitimate objects for which this war could
have been incepted, or for which it can now or
could at anytime be wased. It is folly to say that
the people of the revolted States fired the first gun.
The question immediately .irises, could notthcoc-
oasion inducing them, or affording them the pre-
text, if yon please, for bo doing have been honor-
ably avoided by wise counsels ? I assert that it
could, and history will so adjudge. When civil
war is cerium unless aveited by a peaceable and
honorable adjustment of differences, and when
such an adjustment is practicable, to icfuse ad-
justment is to act criminally. You know, the
country know?, anu history will record and has
recorded the fact that secession never would have
occurred beyond the limits of South Carolina had
Congress adopted promptly the Crittenden com-
promise measures, which were in substance noth-
ing more nor less than a solemn guarantee that the
Constitution should hereafter be considered to
mean what it had been solemnly decided by the
highest legal tribunal already to mean. By their
adoption, war would have been averted, peace
maintained, and the Union preserved.
The President and his political friends rejected
