1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
firmly by the Government of their fathers. They
are ready and willing to maintain the Constitu-
tion; but the Senator says they are denouncing
the Government when they denounce the Presi-
dent. I have no doubt the gentleman, in his heated
ztai, thinks the Executive is the Government. If
he does really think so, while I may regret his
ignorance of the fundamental principles of the
Government, I shall not make any charge upon
him. It is lamentable that a Senator should be
so utterly mistaken about the structure of his own
Government.
Sir, the Executive is but a coordinate depart-
ment of the Government. As it is expressed in
those resolutions, he is the creature of the Con-
stitution; he has his existence and derives all his
powcis from that instrument. The Kentucky
Democracy and the Democracy of all the States
have declared their desire to sustain that Constitu-
tion unimpaired. The Executive is no more the
Government than is this Senate. He is no more
the Government than is the judicial department.
He is buta coordinate department of the Govern-
ment. We owe no more allegiance to the Presi-
dent than the Senator does to the Supreme Court
or to the two Houses of Congress. When the
President administers the Government in a man-
ner that I conceive to be in accordance with the
Constitution of the country, I shall applaud him.
Whenever he violates the Constitution, I shall de-
nounce him. I believe he has overthrown the
Constitution of his country; and hence I have said
so, I trust always in decorous language, in my
place as a Senator, and I should bo an unworthy
representative of a free people if I did not do it.
The Senator tells us that patriotism is blazing
up a<*ain in the land. Why, sir, I never heard
that it had died out, except in the persons of the
radicals and abolitionists. I know that the Gov-
ernor of the Senator's State announced that if the
abolition policy the Executive is now pursuing
should be adopted,all the highways in that coun-
try would swarm with volunteers. I know that
one of the chief editois of his party in New York,
Mr. Greeley, said there would be perhaps nine
hundred thousand men on the way. That policy
luts been adopted. Do the highways of New Eng-
land swarm with volunteers? Where are Gree-
hy'b hundreds of thousands? They have not
conn3. What evidence has the Senator, then, that
there is a blazing up of patriotism again in the
land? The remark would imply that it had died
out. You have used the torch that you thought
would light it—this emancipation proclamation of
the Piesulent; it has gone foith to the world, and
where are your promised volunteers ? The effect
has been what wise and sensible men throughout
the whole land told you abolition gentlemen it
would be. They told you it would dampen the
ardor of the people; that it would cause them to
know that the object of the war was to overthrow
the institutions of sovereign States, destroy the
Constitution, and endanger the Union; and that it
would dampen the zeal of those who are engaged
in i his war. You would not believe it. You hung
upon the President until you induced hnn to enter
on this extreme policy, and what has been the
result? Just what wise, sensible, patriotic men
throughout the country told you it would be. This
radical policy has united more firmly those in arms,
and divided those heietofore in favor of the war.
The Senator says the President has faithfully
carried out the Ciittenden resolution. If this
emancipation policy is a faithful carrying out of
the Crittenden resolution, I should like to know
upon what process of reasoning you arrive at it.
That resolution declares that this war should be
conductcd for the purpose of restoiing the Union
and establishing the Constitution, and not to in-
terfere with the institutions of the States. This
emancipation proclamation of the President over-
throws the institutions of the States. It strikes
directly at their institutions, and that, too, by an
uneonsUuitional edict of the President; and yet
the Senator would have the country believe that
he was cairying out the Crittenden resolution.
The Senator may proclaim it here, and fanatics in
New England may believe it; but let me tell him,
sensible men throughout the great West, from
winch 1 come, will not believe a word of it. They
will believe that the Senator is utterly and pro-
foundly mistaken, and that he and his friends de-
sire the war, not to preserve the Constitution and
restore the Union as it was, but to destroy the in-
stitution of slavery; and if that cannot be accom-
plished by the war, then to let the Union go; that
we believe is their object, and the people so re-
gard it.
The Senator tells you now that he is for strik-
ing down the institution of slavery because it was
the cause of the rebellion. In myjudgment, the
institution of slavery was not the cause of the
rebellion. It was the subject-matter that heated
up the zeal of the gentleman's party. I verily
believe that abolitionism was the cause of the
rebellion. I know that many of the leading men
of the party with which the Senator has acted—
I will not say the Senator himself—have pro-
claimed over and over again that they wished this
Union destroyed. I heard a leading man of that
abolition party say, in this city, that he had tried
for nineteen years to take nineteen States out of
this Union; and that sentiment was applauded by
the audience assembled in the Smithsonian Insti-
tution; and there were with him upon the stand
the Vice President of the United States and the
Private Secretary of the President. I have often
read accounts of meetings in the gentleman's re-
gion of country and elsewhere, where they would
march in procession with a banner with but six-
teen stars upon it, where they would denounce
the Constitution as " a covenant with death and
a league with hell.All these things they have
taught; but that is not all. They have taught a
disregard of the Constitution. I have before me
now a resolution offered in a meeting of which the
present Secretary of the Treasury, I believe, was
chairman of the committee on resolutions. In
that resolution it is declared and set forth to the
world that one clause of the Constitution has no
binding effect. I will read that resolution, to show
to what lengths these distempered people have
gone. I read from a speech of my colleague [Mr.
Wickliffe] in the other House, and I suppose
it is correct:
"Resolved, Tluit we here give it to be understood, dis-
tinctly, by thus nation and the world, that as abolitionist?',
considering that the nttengrth of oar cause ties in its right-
eousness, and our hopes for success* in its conformity to
the law-* of God and our support of the light* of man, we
owe to the sovcien u Ruler of the universe, as a proof of
our alleyiancc to llim in all of oui civil relations and of-
fices, whether as friends, citizens, oi public functionaries,
sworn to support the Constitution of the United States, to
regrnd and treat the third clausc of that in&tiumcnt (the
Constitution) whenever applied to the ea^e of a fugitive
slave as uttei !y null and void, and consequently forming no
part of the Constitution ot the United States, whenever we
are called upon or sworn to support it."
That is a resolution of the gentleman's party,
the abolition party, as far back as 1843, produced,
it seems, by a distinguished member of this Ad-
ministration. There they say boldly they will
not regard one clause of the Constitution. Does
a party, which teaches such a disregard of that in-
strument, pretend to say it was not hatching trea-
son all the time? I admit it was such assaults
made by the gentleman's party on the institutions
of the South that caused many of the fire-eaters
of the South to do things they ought not to have
done. It was the Senator's party, and the ex-
tremes from one section assisting the other, and
these resolutions and assaults on the institutions
of the States, that frenzied those men, and the
two extremes together have brought about this
difficulty. I hold that the Senator himself, and
those who have been connected with him, are as
more guilty of this rebellion than the fire-eaters of
the South. That is my opinion on the whole
subject. I do not believe the conservative men
anywhere desired this state of things. These two
extremes have brought it about. I have never
believed with either. I have censured both, and
I do it to-day.
The Senator talks about these Kentucky gen-
tlemen and northern Democrats all being disloyal.
Allow me to tell him that those who cooperate in
the passage of the lcsolution I have just read, mid
entertain the doctrines promulged of utter disre-
gard to the Constitution, the party with which the
Senator has cooperated, are as full of treason to
the Constitution as an egg is of meat or an adder
of venom. They are beautiful patriots to come
here and lecture people about treason, and de-
nounce them as traitors because they honestly
believe that the war in which you are engaged 13
calculated to overthrow and destroy their country;
because theyassnii the President who has violated
the Constitution, arid ask that it be faithfully exe-
cuted as itis written. They are denounced. What
evidence have you of their treason ? Have they
been in default in obeying the law and the Con-
stitution at any period of their lives? I defy the
Senator to point to a word or an utterance of any
gentleman whom he assails here to-day by whole-
sale in which they declare that they are not for
a faithful execution of the Constitution of their
country, that they are not devoted to the Govern-
ment of the United States. They are opposed to
the policy of President Lincoln. They have boldly
and fearlessly, as became men of honor, men who
love the Constitution and civil liberty, arraigned
him most ably for his violations of the Constitu-
tion of their country. They have declared that
they are opposed to this war, believing that the
war will destroy the country and overthrow its
institutions, and for that they are to be denounced
by the Senator as disloyal. I say again, I throw
back all such false and slanderous charges on my
constituents with scorn and contempt.
The Senator tells us that the President has been
arraigned here for illegal arrests, and he says the
Piesident has not made half as many as he ought
to have made; and the whole country will be as-
tounded when the revelations shall be made from
the Department of the number of disloyal people
in the loyal States. He tells us the President has
a very soft heart. I fear the country will come
to the conclusion that the President's heart is not
c^uite as soft as the Senator would indicate; and
if he does not adhere more closely to the Consti-
tution than he has done I fear they may think that
his heart is not the only soft point about him.
Why does not the Administration give us that
wonderful disclosure? It is due to the country
that it should be made. If such disclosures could
be made, the Senator's party would quickly make
them.
The Senator says he has no doubt mistakes
have been made in those arrests. Is there a sin-
gle case m which there was not a mistake? Some
of those persons may be guilty of treason, if you
please, but has one of them been brought before
the judicial tribunals, tried in the courts, and con-
demned? Not one. The Senator says some of
them have been turned out without the oath and
some with the oath. Will the Senator say that
the Government has discharged its duty to the
country if it arrests traitors and does not try them
and punish them for their treason? If the Admin-
istration has in its custody a man guilty of treason
and does not try him and punish him, it is itself
criminal; and if-any of these men have been guilty
of treason, it was the duty of the Government to
hand them over to the civil authorities and have
them tried, condemned, and punished as traitors.
Having failed to do that, and having turned them
out without any investigation or trial, the pre-
sumption is that the Government has no valid
charges against them; and if it has valid charges
against them and then turns them out, it is delin-
quent; it falls far short of its duty. It should
bring them to the bar of the courts, try them, sen-
tence them, and execute them. That is the duty
of the Government. If the party has been ar-
rested, and the Administration had the proofs in
its possession that he was a traitor, and turned
him out without trying him, I say the Adminis-
tration itself is criminal. It would be aiding and
abetting treason to treat a traitor in that way. The
Senator must know that. Who has been tried?
What one of the thousands who have been ar-
rested has been handed over to the judicial tri-
bunals to have his case investigated ? I will not
say there is not one, but I will say I do not know
of any such case. The Senator says a few mis-
takes may have been made. The whole system
has been a blunder, a mistake, a cruel mistake to
innocent and wronged men, or else the Adminis-
tration has been wickedly neglectful if not crim-
inal in failing to bring them before the courts to
try them, and, if found guilty, to execute them.
There is no escape from the position.
The Senator, in the close of his speech, saya
that the Democrats, and those who are for peace,
are now cowering before the people. I should
like to know of the Senator where they have ever
cowed before the people. Pid they cow in New
York when they elected Seymour Governor, when
all your party was denouncing him as a traitor?
Did they cow in New Jersey when they elected
a State ticket the other day? Did they cow in
Indiana? Did they cow in Illinois? Did they cow
in Ohio? Did they cow in Pennsylvania? No,
