1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
116?
sir; and I can tell the Senator, in my judgment,
they will not cower in New Hampshire and Con-
necticut in the elections soon to take place in those
States. I beg of the Senator, hereafter, when he
assails the Democracy of Kentucky, to take up
the indictment they have made against the Presi-
dent, and to convict them of error, if he can. I
stand here to vindicate the charges made in this
preamble and these resolutions against the Presi-
dent. It was a forcible but a true indictment of
the Administration; and hence it was, I have no
doubt, that those who sent out that preliminary
address were dispersed. I say now, if the Pres-
ident desires to execute the Constitution and laws
of this Union, he will strike the name of the offi-
cer who did that thing from the rolls of the Army
instantly for violating the constitutional rights
of those people to peaceably meet in convention
to nominate their candidates. We shall have
another instance in which we shall see whether
the President will execute his plain duties to see
that his subordinates in command are not to vio-
late the Constitution and laws of the State of
Kentucky and of the United States, which guar-
anty to those people the right to meet and nom-
inate their candidates. We shall see whether the
President will come up to the work in that mat-
ter as he should.
Mr. President, I regret to get into such discus-
sions as these. They are not tasteful to me; but,
sir, t cannot allow, on this floor or elsewhere,
speeches to go unreplied to that assail my con-
stituents and those with whom I have acted; and
I shall not do it without a proper response.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask my honorable
friend to allow me to make a statement which I
desire to go out with the declaration of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, in relation to the resolutions
passed at the Buffalo convention, as it is called.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark 111
the chair.) Does the Senator from Iowa with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hold in my hand Niies's
Register, which contains the resolutions passed
at that convention, and there is no such resolu-
tion as the one read by the Senator contained in
the resolutions of that convention at all.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 21, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness to be the consideration of Senate bill No. 492,
to amend the laws relating to the Post Office De-
partment, upon which the House was engaged at
the time of adjournment last evening, upon which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] was
entitled to the floor.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the Senate
amendments to the bill of the House (No. 708)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending 30th of June, 1864, were taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
-WAYS AND MEANS RTLL.
Air. STEVENS. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of the House (No.
659) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN PLANT, OS1 CAPITOL POLICE.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to yield the floor to me for a moment, as I
wish to make one or two reports.
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield to anything de-
signed for reference only.
Mr. TRAIN. I will consume but a moment or
two.
Mr. COLFAX. If it will take but a moment or
two, and lead to no discussion, I will yield.
Mr. TRAIN. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to make the
following report:
The Committee on Public Buildings- and Grounds, to
whom was leferred a i evolution instructing the committee
lo take immediate means for the removal oi John Plant,
one of the Capitol policc, for inhuman treatment of a soldier
iu the Capitol grounds, respectfully submit the following
report:
The power of appointment and removal of the Capitol
police is vested in the Commissioner of Public Buildings by
the statute of 2d May, 1823.
The power of the Vice President and Speaker ot the House
is limited to fixing the number of the Capitol police and
their compensation, and to prescribe rules and regulations
defining their duties. As the committee have no power over
the Commissioner of Public Buddings, and us the mem-
ber who moved the resolution has addressed the committee,
asking that no finther action be taken on the resolution,
the committee respectfully ask that they be discharged from
the furthei consideration thereof.
Foi the committee:
CHARLES R. TRAtN, Chairman.
The report was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from thePresidentby Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary, informed the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 695) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Register in the Treas-
ury Department and a Solicitor for the War De-
partment, and for other purposes;
An act (H.R.No.707) making appropriations
for the construction,preservation,and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending 30th of June, 1864;
An act (H. R. No. 762) to change the times of
holding the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Indiana; and
An act (H. It. No. 709) for the relief of Simon
and Emanuel Bamberger.
OPENING OF SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. TRAIN. I now ask that bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 226) authorizing the opening of Sixth
street west may be put upon its passage.
Mr. McIvNlGIIT. I shall desire to say some-
thing upon that bill.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I must object.
POSTAL REFORM.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the regular order, being bill of the Senate (No.
492) to amend the Jaws relating to the Post Office
Department, the pending question being upon the
following amendment offered last evening by Mr.
Lazkar:
At the end of the thirty-seventh section add the following:
And that all soldieis in the military heijtice, while on
duty in camp, or in hospital, «hail be entitled to transmit
and receive all lettcis tiee ot postage, under such regula-
tions a-5 the Postmaster General may pi escribe.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, when the House
adjourned last night, it adjourned for the want of
a quorum, the pending question being upon an
amendment to confer the privilege of receiving
letters and papers free through the mails upon sol-
diers in the Army. I stated, Mr. Speaker, when
the amendment was presented and when gentle-
men on the other side demanded the yeas and nays
upon it, that I had always been opposed to the
franking privilege, but that I had said last year
that if it was continued to members of Congress,
I saw no reason why it should not be given to sol-
diers also who are on public duty, and who are
less able to pay postage than members of Con-
gress arc, and that I should therefore vote for
the amendment, and I did vote for it.
1 have thought over the matter, since, and,as I
always when I do anything that I think wrong
am willing to acknowledge it frankly, I desire to
say that I think I was inconsistent in conceding
what I did. Being opposed to the franking priv-
ilege, and desiring to curtail rather than to extend
it, I think I voted wrong; and I desire to say to
the gentleman ftom Pennsylvania [Mr. Lazear]
who offered the amendment, that however much
he may desire such a measure as this, he must
| see himself that it needs great elaboration before
j it can be safely enacted into a law. With the
j few hundreds now who have the franking pnvi-
! lege, we know there are constant complaints of
j abuses of that privilege. If you extend it to hun-
dreds of thousands or a million, as some gentle*
man suggests, those abuses mustlargely increase.
His appropriate course would have been to intro-
duce this measure at an earlier stage of the session,,
and refer it to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, who would have corresponded
with or personally consulted the Department on
the subject, and investigated it in all its bearings,
and its effects on the finances of the Department,
and could have devised some means, if it was-
thought best to adopt it, by which abuses of the
privilege could be prevented.
The question is now upon the amendment, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered; and
believing that if it is put in the bill it will certainly
hazard, if not defeat, all the reforms proposed in
the bill as it was perfected last night, I shall feel
constrained to vote against it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question on the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me to offer an amendment to
the amendment, so as to include teamsters, sut-
lers, and all other persons connected with the
Army.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will withdraw the pre-
vious question for that purpose, but I hope the
gentleman will also include sailors and marines,
a very meritorious class.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " soldiers" the
words " teamsters, sutlers, and all other persons
connected with the naval or," and after the word
" hospital" insert " or on shipboard*," so that it
will read:
That all soldiers, teamsters, sutlers, and all other per-
sons connected with the naval or military service, while oil
duty in camp, or in hospital, or on shipboard, shall be enti-
tled to ttansmitand receive nil letters free of postage, under
such regulations as the Postmaster General may prescribe.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 now demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the entire amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will yield to hear it
read.
The SPEAKER. No furtheramendment is in
order at this time. There are two amendments
pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I desire to have it
read.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
jlnd be it further enacted, That the chaplain of any regi-
ment, post, cantonment, hospital, vessel of war, or hospital
boat, be authorized, and it is hereby made his duty, to affix
his name, title, and also the name of the regiment, post,
cantonment, hospital, vessel of war, or hospital boat, with,
at, or on which he is> stationed,on any letter or packa^c of
mailable matter belonging to any ofiicer, musician, private,
or nuisc, or officer's servant, attached to the Army of the
United States, or to any oflicer or <.ailoi, pilot or marine,
attached to oi in the semce of the Navy of the United
States: and every such letter or paicel ot mailable matter
so indorsed shall pa.^s through the mail from any point in
the United States to any other point therein, free.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentleman
that under the amendmentas itstandsthat can be
introduced as a departmental regulation. It is
not necessary to incorporate it in this bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; being first upon the amend-
ment to the amendment submitted by Mr. May-
nard.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
that includes " contrabands" also.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Maykard's
amendment to the amendment; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldtich, Bcaman, Bingham, Frederick
A. Oonklmg. ISdgerton, Hutching. William Kellogg, Loom-
is, Low, IVIeKnight, Maynard, Sargent, Sherman,and Wil-
son—14.
NAYS—William All'*n, William J. Allen, Alley,
Awnnn, Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Baxter. Biddle, Jacob B.
Blair, Blake, William G.Biown, Budinton, Calvert, Cham-
berlain, Coltax, Kot-coe Conkiiug, Cox, Ciuvnif', Davia,
Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Eliot, English, Kenton, ftmiueJ O.
Fe.ssenden, Thomas A. D. Fe^senden,Fisher, F'ouke.Fran-
j chot. Goodwin. Granger, iiaiin, Haight, Hall, ilaidnig,
; Harrison, Hickman. Hoinum, Johnson. Julian, ICuapp,
j Lan^insr. Law, Lazeat. Mel tidoe. Mai lory. Men-
i zie . Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P Moi rtlf, Morns. Noble,
1 Noel!, Norton, Nugen, Ohn, Pendleton, Timothy C. Phelpn,
