1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
Pike, Porter. Price, Alexander H. Rice, Edward II. Rol-
lins, Sedgn ick, Segar, Sheffield, Shellabarger, ShiCl, Sloan,
Stevens, Stile*, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thoma>, Tiain,
Trimble, Tiowbridge, Vallandighum, Van llorn, Voorhees,
Wadsworth, Walker, Walton, Wheeler, Whnley, Albeit S.
White, Clulton A. White, Wrcklifte, Wmdom, YVorcester,
and Yeaman—93.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Lazear.
Mr.BlDDLE. I ask the consent of the House
to make one or two lemarks in reference to this
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only be
heard by unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr.BlDDLE. I'scarcely think that the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Lazear] has received
full justice at the hands of the House, particularly
from those members who did not hear the brief
but lucid statement made by him last evening.
His proposition is that soldiers in hospital and
in camp may receive and transmit letters fret; of
postage, and that proposition has been treated
this morning as if it were for an unlimited exten-
sion of the franking privilege. One gentleman
said that it would be thus extended to millions of
persons, and some amendments have bcen'offcred
to give to it, in fact, unlimited extent.
The object of these proposed amendments is
to make my colleague's proposition impracticable.
By the present law, as it was amended at the last
session of Congress, every soldier in camp is en-
tiiled to transmit his letter free from postage so far
as he is concerned, by going to a certain officer
who places upon it the indorsement that it is a
soldier's letter. But, sir, it is possible that many
such letters have failed to reach their destination,
for the reason that the wife or child of the soldier,
having received no portion of his pay, was not
able to raise the amount required to take the letter
from the office. But the proposition of my col-
league also permits the wife or friend of the soldier
in camp to tiansmit letters to him free of postage.
There is a precedent for this. That ught was ac-
corded during the war with Mexico to the soldiers
engaged in that war. This is not therefore a new
or impracticable idea. The proposition of my col-
league contains in it nothing which is unreason-
able, as some here suggest. But if it is thought
that there is loo great an extension of this right,
then the right of the family to transmit free to the
soldier might be taken away, and his right to send
free to them might, be retained.
{ hope this proposition will receive the favora-
ble consideration of the House.
enrolled bill.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 357) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Ai izona; when the Speaker signed
the same.
message from the senate.,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr, Forney, then-Secretary, notifying the House
that the1 Senate had passed a bill (No. 359) to re-
organize the courts in the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
clerk's annual report.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, transmitting a
statement of the contingentexpenses of the House
of Representatives during the last year; which
was hud on the table, and ordered to be printed.
salariks of indian agents.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid befoie the House a letter fiom the Secietury
ot the Inteiior recommending an increase in the
salary of certain Indian agurots in Nevada and
Utah Territoi ies: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian A flairs, and ordered to be punted.
POSTAL REFORM.
The question recurred on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Lazear, upon which the yeas and
nnys had been md>-red.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire, with the consent
of the House, to make two or three remarks in
reference to this amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I would be very glad to yield
to the gentleman from Tennessee, but I am anx-
ious to procecd to other business of the House,
and I must, therefore, object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that it is very
ungracious for a gentleman who is trying to per-
fect this bill to refuse to yield to a gentleman who
desires, in good faith, to perfect it.
Mr. COLPAX. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee that I object at the suggestion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania on my right,
who is very anxious to get at other public busi-
ness.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William Allen, William J. Al-
len, Aneona, Babbitt, Baxter, Biddle, lUngham, Jacob B.
Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Chamberlain, Clement?,
Cobb, Itoscoe Conkling, Conway, Cox, English, Samuel
C. Fessenden, Fisher, f'ouke, Goodwin, Granger, Grider,
Harding, Hariison, llickman, Holman, Hutch ins, Johnson,
William Kellogg, Keirigan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, Mallory, Menxies, Mitchell, Anson P. Mor-
rill, Moiris, Nixon, Noble, Nugen, Odell, Pendleton, Pike,
Price, Alexander II. llice, John U. Rice, Segar, Shanks,
Shollabaiger, Sherman, Shiel, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Stratum, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram, Vallaridigham, Van
Wyck, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Whaley, Albeit S. White,
Chilton A. Wiute, Wilson, Wmdom, Wnght, and Yea-
man—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Benman, Bnffinton, Calvert, Col-
fax, Frederick A. Conkling, Davis, Delano, Diven, Dunn,
Llioi, Fentou, Thomas A. L). Fcfsenden, Fianchot, Ilahn,
ILught, Hall, Hooper, Julian, Kellej, Lansing, Mclndoe,
MeKean, McKmght, May, Maynaid, Moorhead, Noell,
Olin. Patton, Timothy G Phelps, Potter, James S. Rollins,
bargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sloan, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Walker, Wallace, Walton, Wickhffe, and Wor-
cestei—4o.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAZEAR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchins,] as 1 promised last
evening, who desues to move an amendment
reducing the rate of letter postage to two cents.
When he shall have concluded 1 will endeavor to
obtain the floor to demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I desire to amend
section fifteen, in line four, by striking out the
words " has power," and inserting the words " is
heieby required;" so that the section as amended
would read:
Rec. 15. J3nd be it further enacted, That whenever, by
icanm of the presence ot a military or naval force near any
post o*tfiee,nnu-ual business aectues thereat,the Postmaster
General is hereby required to make a special order allow-
ing proportionately rea?>onable compensation to the post-
master, and for clerical bcivice, during the period of such
extiaordinary business.
Mr. COLFAX. I must object to the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Maine,
for the reason that it may be that a military or
naval force may be in the vicinity of a post office
for a few days or one day, requiring no such exer-
cise of power.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to al-
low me to move an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman to reduce the postage on letters
to a uniform rate of one cent.
Mr. COLFAX. That will he for the gentle-
man from Ohio to determine. I have no objection
to the amendment being submitted.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Speaker, the subject
under discussion, with the exception of measures
providing ways and means to put down the re-
bellion, is the most important which has chal-
lenged ourattention the present session. The biil
now befoie us is well drawn, as we would expect,
it to be, coming from the learned, able, and expe-
rienced Senator from Vermont. Those who have
read the last annual report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral will be satisfied that the paternity of this bill
belongs to the Post Office Department. The fault
of the bill is not in the art of the drafter, but in
the ideas which controlled htm. There are many
good provisions m the bill, improvements on the
present system, but the foundation of it, in my
judgment, is not sound; and as a measure of
postal rcfoirn, I predict it will prove a decided
failure, k is an attempt to put the new cloth of
postal reform into the old garments of the present
system, and both reason and inspiration teach us
the folly of this:
" No man putteth a piece of new eloth into an old gar-
ment; for that which is put in to fill it up taketb fiom the
garment, and the rent is made worse. Neither do men nut
new wine into old bottles, else the bottles bieak, and the
wine ruuneth out, arid the bottles perish ; but they put new
vine into new bottles, and both arc preserved "
I wish this heavenly wisdom pervaded the Post
Office Department and both Houses of Congress;
but unfortunately it does not. I made postal re-
form the subject of study long before i had a desire
or an expectation of a seat in this legislative hall.
My attention was called to it by the success of the
English postal system, of which Sir Rowland Hill
is the honored author. No man who has traveled
in England and seen the practical operation and
convenience of that system can doubt the pro-
priety of its adoption in this country.
I introduced a bill last session, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, which embraces, with some modifi-
cations, the foundation features of the British sys-
tem. I am responsible for the form of that bill,
but the principle is all borrowed from Sir Row-
land Hill; and the postal reforms in this country
have year after year been whispering it into the
deaf ears of the Post Office Department and of
Congress. All that is valuable in this bill now
before the House is borrowed from that bill. The
rates of postage on newspapers, periodicals, arid
transient printed matter, with the exception of
books, are the same as in that bill; and books are
to be charged double the rates on transient printed
matter. 1 cannot see the wisdom or object of this,
unless it is to discriminate against booksellers
and authors, and to drive books from the mail.
This, in my judgment, is neither wise nor just.
There is no more uniformity of letter postage
in this bill than in the present law, and the in-
equality of rates is more complex and useless than
the rates now charged. This bill provides the
rate of three cents for letters weighing less than
ha! fan ounce for any distance—this is an improve-
ment on the present system—but it has a two cent
rate for drop letters, and, as amended on motion of
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wixdom,]
a one cent rate for drop letters m small towns where
the carrier system is not adopted. The rate on
drop letters is one hundred per cent, higher in
large cities than in small ones. The bill which I
introduced, as I propo&ed to amend it, provides the
uniform rate oftwocentsfor mail and drop letters.
This is the English system for letter postage. It
is my firm conviction that this rate, by leason of
its cheapness and uniformity, will produce more
revenue to the* Post Office Department than the
three rates charged in this bill. The bill as now
amended doesaway with noneof the extra charges
which belong to the stupidity of the present sys-
tem. The bill also leaves the franking privilege as
it is, which will operate aw anew lease ofits abuses
and its injustice. 1 despair of the success of a
postal system securing convenience, cheapness,
and uniformity, which does not modify or repeal
the present franking privilege. The bill which I
proposed modifies it, and in the speech which I
made last session explaining it, I used the follow-
ing language:
" This bill abolishes the present franking privilege, and
provides for the payment of the Government postage out of
the Tre.isuiy. it also provides thai members of Congress
may send public document*, published by order of either
House, at such rates of postage as aie charged on tinrisieut
printed matter, and that the postage shall be paid from the
Treasiwv, a-* may be ptovidcd in apptnpnation bills. The
benefits of the piesent fianking puvilege enjoyed by the
people are thus secured to them, and they will know what
it costs—a useful item of information. Underthi^ bill, mem-
bers of Congress, like ' tile re>t of mankind,' will pay their
own piivate postage,and the abuses ot congiesMonal frank-
ing will cease. The (ranking pi mlege is a stumbling-block
in tlx; way ot pos-tal relorm. and I begin to despair of its
repeal unless m the mode piovuied in this bill."
The Senate at one time passed a bill abolish-
ing the franking privilege, and the House refused
to concur. Afterwards the House proposed to
abolish it, and the Senate has refused to concur,
it is to be regretted that both Houses could not
have these " lucid intervals'* at the same time.
Some complain at the action of the House yes-
terday, in allowing soldiers in the field the priv-
ilege of sending and receiving their letters free of
j postage. I cannot consent to retain the franking
i privilege and refuse it to the soldiers and officers
in the field in defense of our Government. Mem-
bers may give a good reason if they can, for I
shall not undertake it, why Congressmen, receiv-
ing three thousand dollars a year and liberal mile-
age, forty cents a mile each way, without great
