230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
timable privilege ofbHng tried by their peers of the vicinage,
according to the course of that law."
They further resolved—
"That they were entitled to the benefit of such of the
English statutes as existed at the time of their colonization,
ana which they have by experience respectively found to
be applicable to their several and local cncumstances."
They also resolved that their ancestors, at the
time of their emigration, were "entitled to all the
rights, liberties, and immunities of free and natu-
ral-born subjects within the realms of England.1'
They were therefore entitled, not only to the rights
secured or acknowledged by Magna Charta, to
the common law, but to the benefits of the habeas
corpus act, which no one contends could have
been rightfully suspended by the king. Among
the causes assigned in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence for dissolving the political connection
between the colonies and England, we find tiie fol-
lowing:
"He [the king] ha*} affected to render the military inde-
pendent of and superior to the civil power." * * *
"For depriving us, in many cases} of the benefits of ti ial by
jury-"
In the Constitution which they framed, did they
intend to confer power on the President to do that
for doing which they waged a seven years' war
against George 111 ? The makers of the Con-
stitution treated the right to the benefit of the writ
of habeas corpus as an existing right, and they did
not, in that instrument, attempt to confer it othet-
wise than as providing that its privilege should
not be suspended unless in case of rebellion or
invasion, when the"pubiic safety should require
it. The right to the writ existed before the Con-
stitution, was recognized in it, nnd the first Con-
gress under it provided the mode, manner, and
means of rendering it available to the citizen. Our
habeas corpus act of 1789 was passed to secure the
privilege of the writ. This privilege is therefore
both constitutional and legislative, and yet we are
gravely told that a department of the Government
other than the law-makingmay suspend, not only
the Constitution, but the law passed in pursuance
thereof by the national Legislature. The king of
England, with all his power, may not do this, but
a greater than the king of England, the President,
may do it. The war of the Revolution was fought
against executive encroachments, and it is not
likely that the men who fought it would give to
a republican President greater power than they
would acknowledge in a king.
From this cursory review of the rights of Eng-
lish subjects and of the American colonists, it is
reasonable to infer that the framers of the Consti-
tution did not intend to abridge their liberties by
conferring power upon one man, the Federal Ex-
ecutive, to do so whenever he should adjudge the
public safety should require it. Never having
known the privilege of suspending a law enacted
by the legislative agents of the people, other than
as a legislative privilege, it is not to be presumed
that they intended it should be otherwise under
the system of government which they framed. In
order to the existence of this power in the Execu-
tive, it must be shown positively that the Consti-
tution confers it upon lum. Under the Constitu-
tion, and independently of it, the citizen is entitled
to freedom from imprisonment, unless in accord-
ance with the law of the land. The power to im-
prison is nowhere in the Constitution given to
the President, either for or without cause. He can
only execute, not make the law. " lie shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, "not that
they shall notbe executed, by reason of his having
assumed to suspend their execution; and he .shall
use all the means necessary and proper, which
have been conferred upon him by the Constitution
or by Congress, not by means usurped by him
independently of the Constitution or act of Con-
gress. He is to use the means given to execute,
not make the means with which to execute. Sup-
pose nothing had been said in the Constitution
about the suspension of the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus, would the President have a right
to suspend the writ, which might, nevertheless,
have been provided for by act of Congress ? Surely
not; and why? Bccause ouch act, being the act
of the legislature, could only be suspended by an
act of legislation. Can the provision of the Con-
stitution, that the privilege of the wiit, which the
Constitution contemplated the Congtess would
provide, shall not be suspended unless in certain
cases, possibly bo regarded as conferring a power
on the President, and on no one else, to suspend?
If the Constitution had beensilentin reference to
the suspension, Congress might have passed the
bill providing for issuing the writ or not, as they
deemed proper; and having passed it, they could
have repealed or suspended it at pleasure. Does
the fact that it is provided that it shall not be sus-
pended unless in case of rebellion or invasion de-
prive Congress of the power of suspension in the
case ofinvasion and rebellion—the cases where sus-
pension is not prohibited—and confer such power
on a coordinate branch of the Government, which,
but for those restrictive or prohibitory words, no
one contends it would have possessed?
It will not be denied that in England Parliament
alone can suspend or legalize the denial of the priv-
ilege of this writ. But it is contended that here,
under our Constitution, the act of suspension is
executive in character, and not legislative. The
advocates of this view of the question contend,
in the language of Mr. Horace Binney, that " the
power to imprison, and to deny or delay discharge
from imprisonment, is an executive power," and
that "the warrant of arrest, with the order that
the party's privilege be denied for a season, is
suspension under the Constitution." Here is the
assumption upon which their whole argument is
based. Has the President the authority under the
Constitution to arrest the citizen for any cause
whatever, unless that power is given in the clause
relating to the suspension of the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus? None whatever; because
it is not among the powers conferred upon him in
the Constitution, and because it is expressly pro-
vided therein that no "person shall be deprived
of his liberty without due process of law.*' Due
process of law relates to arrest as well as to trial.
Arrest cannot be made except upon warrant, sup-
ported by affidavit, any more than can conviction
be had except upon trial by jury. The suspen-
sion of the privilege of the writ relates to a pet son
legally imprisoned, but confers no power to im-
prison contrary to law. The advocates of exec-
utive despotism argue in a circle. Their argument
is nothing more nor less than this: the President
may arrest because he has power to suspend, and
he may suspend because lie has power to airest.
The support of the hypothesis of the power in
the President to suspend, as contended for by Mr.
Binney, is assumption, and assumption alone. Pie
assumes not only that " the power to imprison
and to deny or delay a discharge from imprison-
ment is an executive power," but necessarily, to
make his argument consistent, that this executive
power is with the President. The assumption is
without warrant, from the fact, as we have seen,
that the President is not by the Constitution au-
thoiized to arrest any one, the right to arrest be-
ing based upon affidavit and warrant, not of mere
motion. The power to imprison is only execu-
tive in the sense of executing process, and the
power to deny or delay discharge rests notin the
volition of the person imprisoning, or having the
custody of the prisoner, but in the judgment of
the judge or court to whom application for release
is made as to the sufficiency of the warrant when
the privilege of the wiit is not suspended. When
suspended, the power to delay or deny a dis-
charge rests upon the fact of such suspension by
virtue of the rightful authority to suspend. The
question, therefore, remains, notwithstanding the
assumption of Mr. Binney, who is the depositary
of this power? To support his first assumption
of the power to suspend in the President, Mr.
Binney further assumes that " all the conditions
of the exercise of the power described in the
habeas corpus clause are of executive cognizance,
that is to say, rebellion or invasion, and the re-
quirement of the public safety in time of either."
What is this but assuming what requires proof?
The uglu to determine whether the public safety
requires the suspension rests necessarily with the
depositary of the power. To assume that the
President is to determine this fact is to assume the
matter in contioversy. 4C No legislative act is ne-
cessary or proper," says the same authority, " to
give the cognizance of these facts to the Execu-
tive." So to say in reference to the "require-
ment of the public safety," is still to assume, not
to prove.
But to follow the argument. It is said that" no
act of Parliament has ever been passed in Eng-
land, or has been proposed in Congress, to take
away or abridge the executive power in regard to
these facts." Why not? Because no such .ex-
ecutive power existed, as i«* further evidenced from
the fact that the acts passed by Parliament, or pro-
posed in Congress, were acts of suspension or
proposed suspension by those bodies themselves.
If the Executive had the power independently of
the act of Parliament or Congress, passed or pro-
posed, where was the necessity of passing or pro-
posing such acts? To continue; Mr. Binney says:
" All the acts of Paillament which deprive persons of the
right to bail or trial in derogation of the habeas corpus act
of Charles II leave this power and discretion to the crown."
If by the expression, " leave this power and dis-
cretion to the crown," is meant confer upon or
confide to the crown this power and discretion,
I the phrase is intelligible and argumentative; but
I if it is thereby meant that these acts of Parha-
! ment do not take away this "power and discre-
I tion" from the crown, it is an admission that the
I " power and discretion" are subject to the author*
! ity of Parliament to remove them from the crown.
1 If, however, it is meant that the "power and dis-
i cretion" remain where they were, notwithstand-
1 nig the acts of l^arliament, the point in contro-
i versy is assumed and not proved, and makes the
acts of Parliament useless things. Again he says:
"Tliey cannot b« taken nway by Confess without in-
vading the constitutional limits of "the executive office."
Not if they pertain to the executive office. ^Do
they? This, again, is the point in dispute. Again
he says:
"Tlicy cannot be given by Congress to the Executive
without bupererogating what the Constitution gives."
Assumption again, not proof, that the Consti-
tution gives this power to the Piesident.
Again, says Mr. Binney:
"The power to suspend the privilege of the writ is more-
over inseparably connected with rebellion or invasion, with
internal war.''
Not at all. For, although the privilege cannot
be suspended unless there be rebellion or invasion,
yet both or either of those may exist, and the
suspension be unauthorized. The power to sus-
pend is inseparably connected with the require-
ment of the public safety in time of rebellion or
invasion, and with it alone, for either or both
rebellion and invasion may exist, and the public
safety not require the suspension. Again he says:
" The duection of sue!) a war is nccessan) v wit!) the Ex-
ecutive. The office cannot be deprived <>t it. It u the
dun of the oilico, in both its militaiw and fivil aspects, to
suppress inisuiicction and to repel invasion."
Granted; but by what means ? By those granted
by the Constitution and conferred by Congress.
Is the power to suspend the privilege of this writ
granted by the Constitution ? This is the matter
in controversy. It must be proved, not assumed.
Again, says the same writer:
" The true character of evetv act of Pailiampnt in this
relation, and of Uu> only hill that has over been pioposed
in Congieds, has been executive, and so it must be.'*
If by this is meant that the design of every such
bill has been to confer powerupon the Executive,
or those acting under his authority, to detain in
custody persons legally arrested, if is tiue, other-
wise it is not. To say that the character of an
act of Parliament or of Congress is executive is
an absurdity. It can only be legislative. It de-
clares what law is or shall be. It cannot execute
either judgment or power. He again remarks:
"The only aspect m which an act of Oonsiess to this
effect can if resided as legislative is as the giant oi ciea-
tion of authority to detain against the win; but this is
supererogation,'because the Constitution gives it."
Again, this is the assumption of the very mat-
ter in dispute.
I have thus far, Mr. President, considered the
question, has the President the right to suspend
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus as pre-
sented in the argument of Mr. Binney, because
that argument is the fountain of justification to
him most generally, if not exclusively, relied upon
by his fnends? It is, in fact, the source from
which the honorable Senators from Indiana and
New Jersey, who have attempted the only legal
defense of the Executive in this regard during this
session, have drawn their materials. I have not
noticed the opinion of the Attorney General, for
the reason that I have not heard it relied upon in de-
bate or otherwise as presenting sufficient grounds
to justify the action of the Executive. Jeffreys
doubtless knew the judgment that would be most
pleasing to his master, and the Attorney General
was too polite to displease his own. I dismiss
the argument of Mr. Binney with the remark that,
