1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
while I appreciate fully the high position he has
held at the American bar, and his great reputation
for juridical learning, it has never been my mis-
fortune to read an opinion at once so specious and
unsound.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Lane,] with characteristic frankness, declares,4'all
the political arrests which the President of the
United States in the discharge of his sworn duty
has made, I justify and defend in the widest and
broadest sense of that term." Since he first, at
the extra session, expressed the opinion that the
" power to suspend the privilege of the writ ot
habeas corpus was by the Constitution confided to
the Ptesident," he has been blessed with "aflood
of light upon the subject by the most brilliant
living lununaricsin Amcricanjurisprudence." He
refers to Horace Bmney, Reveidy Johnson, and
the Attorney General. I would remind the Sen-
ator that it "is a legal constitutional question we
are discussing; and however worthy of respectful
consideration the opinions of some of the gentle-
men referred to may be as the expression of indi-
vidual views, they would hardly be admitted as
authority in any court of justice. Regarding the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus as the " right
to be Galled, tried, or discharged without delay,"
he contends that the "denial of the right is an
executive act, and is not under our Constitution
the proper subject of legislative action." The
right to imprison, says Mr. Binncy, is an execu-
tive act; the right to deny bail, trial, or discharge,
says the Senator, is an executive act; whence it
follows that the right of the citizen to personal
freedom from arrest unless by due processof law,
and the right to discharge from arrest, depend not
upon constitutional or legal provisions, but upon
the arbitrary will of one man, who first arrests
and then commands himself not to dischaige the
object of Ins arrest. What is this but absolute
despotic power? And what, under such circum-
stances, is a President but absolute dictator over
the liberties of the people whose agent, not mas-
ter, he was meant to be?
The Senator argues, from the inconvenience or
impossibility of the exercise of the power by Con-
gress, that Congress does not possess it:
1 am utterly at a loss to conceiv- liow Concrcs*s can
directly exert ihN powei. They could only d<'iiy thn priv-
ilege to individual by name, oi in "eucal leitn>.
gre'^, by l.iw. nn-iht enact that all pei-oiw chained vvjtli
certain spceihedollen^e-? loj aceitain turn1,oiul within con-
tain districts, should he denied the privilege ot thewiit.
Tins would lead to inextiicabio confu.-ion, and dcieat the
verv object of this clause of the Constitution. Consjiiv-
could not specify all the persons to whom this pnvilcge
should be denied; not could they specily all the oft'euscs
which nusht be committed m aid of the invasion ot rebel-
lion, oj which mi^ht endangei the public balety. It i  to
avoid this veiy difficulty that all the statute-# pa-MHi by the
Eniihsli Paihaiuent on tins subject icier their execution to
the long, or to someone of his mtnisteis."
The inconvenience ofexerciaingapowcr by one
department of Government can never be consid-
ered as proof that another possesses it. It is ad-
muted by the atgumcnt that without an act of
Parliament the king could not exercise the right
of denial of bail, trial, or discharge. The act then
must describe the offenses for which, the persons
m reference to whom, the places in which, the
oeriods of time in which, and the circumstances
under which the denial may be exercised. What
moie inconvenience, difficulty, and " inextricable
confusion " in such specifications, limitations, and
jestrictions in an act of Congress than in an act
of Parliament ? Ry reference to the last act of the
English Parliament suspending the privilege of this
writ, which was in the time of the Irish rebellion,
it will be seen that the place in which, the time
during which, the oftenscs m reference to which,
and the persons in relation-to whom the suspen-
sion was authorised, were all desciibed. Persons
arrested by virtue of a warrant of those whose
power to arrest was by the act recognized, might
lor a limited time be denied bail, ttial, or dis-
charge; but so careful was Pail lament of the rights
of the subject, that it expressly provided that the
warrants under which the arrests were made, the
time of, and cause of arrest, should all be duly
returned into a public office, that the cause of de-
tention, as well as the person detained, should be
known, and his rights of personal libeity not be
overlooked or forgotten when public danger had
parsed away.
According to the theory of the British consti-
tution, the power of Parliament is omnipotent.
They may order the arrest of the subject by any-
body for any cause which they adjudge the public
safety requires, with or without warrant; but
with us the President has no power to arrest, and
Congress cannot authorize the arrest of any citizen
unless for crime, and only then upon warrant
founded upon affidavit; because the Constitution,
which controls the powers both of the President
and Congress, secures immunity from imprison-
ment except by due process of law. The power
being given, however, to Congress to suspend the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in case of
rebellion or invasion, when the public safety shall
require it, Congress may provide that any person
in such cases being arrested according to law may
be denied bail, trial, and discharge during the con-
tinuance of the public danger; and the object of
the writ being to admit to bail or discharge, it
cannot be executed, the objects for which it could
alone issue being taken away by the act of sus-
pension.
The Senator from Indiana finds a conclusive
argument to his own mind against the power of
Congress to suspend the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus from the history of the action of the
Federal Convention on the subject, and refers to
Elliot's Debates to support his position. AcarefijJ
examination of those debates will show how falla-
cious is the argument of the Senator. The subject
is mentioned but four times in the debates as re-
ported in the Madison Papers, which constitute
the fifth volume to Elliot's Debates. On the 29th
day of May, 1787, Mr. Charles Pinckney laid
before the House the draft of a Federal Govern-
ment, wluch he had prepared, in the sixth article
of which, relating to the powers of the Legislature
of the United States, it was, among other things,
proposed that—
11 " The Legislature of th« United States shall pass no law
jl on the subject ot icligioiij nor touching or abudging the
!| hhfity oi the press ; 1101 shall the puvilege of tins wiit of
habeas corpus ever be suspended except m case of rebellion
oi invasion.—Page 1.31.
On the 20th of August of the same year, Mr.
Pinckney submitted further propositions to be
referred to the committee of detail, one of which
was as follows:
'•'The privileges and benefit of the writ of habeas corpus
shall be enjojed m this Government m the most expeditious
and ample mannei ,and shall not be suspended by the Le-
gisjatuie except upon the most indent and pressing occa-
hiuns, and t'oi a limited tunc not exceeding months.—
Page 4 I.j.
On the 23th of the same month—
'•Mr, Pinckney, miring the piopnetj of securing the ben-
efit of the habeas corpus m the mo^t ample manner, moved
that it should not he suspended Luton the moatiugent occa-
sion?, and then only for a limited nine, not exceeding twelve
months.
'• Mr. Gouverneur Morris moved thatfAe privilege of the
v.i it of habeas corpus shall not be suspended unless v>hen, in
eases of rebellion and invasion, the public safety may re-
quire it "
'The first part of the motion, to the word unless>
was agreed to nem. con. On the remaining part,
seven States voted in the affirmative, and three in
the negative. And from this record the Senator
would have us believe that the Convention refused
to confer the power of suspension upon Congress,
when the record shows that the only proposition
upon which a vote was had did not raise the ques-
tion as to what department of the government
should bo the depository of this power. So far
as any inference can be drawn from the record, I
submit it is in favor of the power being in Con-
gress, and by no possibility can the inference be
that the power was to be in the Executive.
And why do 1 say so ? Because the only sus-
pending power of the rights and privilege of the
citizen with which the Iramers of the Constitu-
tion were familiar, or which the States they repre-
sented recognized, was the legislative power. In
supportof this, I refer to the constitutions of sev-
eral of the States adopted before, about the time,
and immediately after the formation of the Con-
stitution, containingprovisionsmreference to this
very question. The bill of rights of Virginia,
1776, contains the following provision:
"That aH power of suspending laws by any authority
without consent of the repte-eututivcs of the people is in-
jurious to their ughli, and ought not to be exercised."
The bill of rights of Maryland, 1776, contains
the following:
That no power of suspending laws or the execution of
laws, unless by or derived from the Legislature, ought to
be csercised or allowed."
That of North Carolina, 1776, contains the
following:
"That"all power of suspending laws or execution of
laws, by any authority without the consent of the repre-
sentatives of the people, is injurious to tbeir rights, and
ought not to be exercised."
The declaration of rights of Massachusetts,
1780, contains the following provision:
"The power of suspending the laws or the execution of
the laws ought never to be exercised but by the Legislature,
or by the authority deuved fiom it, to be exercised tnsucU
particular cases only as the Legislature shall expressly pro-
vide for."
That of N*ew Jersey, 1780, provides:
" That no power of suspending laws shall be exercised
unless by the Legislature or its authority."
That of Delaware, 1792, provides:
« No powerof suspending laws shall be exercised but by
authority of the Legislature."
That of New Hampshire, 1792, declares:
" The power of suspending laws or the execution of
them ought never to be exercised but by the Legislature or
by authouty derived therefrom, to be exercised in such
particular ca&es only as the Legislature shall expressly
piovkle for." ?
That of Vermont, 1793, declares:
" The power of suspending laws or the execution of
laws ought never to be exercised but by the Legislature or
by authority derived fiora it, to be exercised in such par-
ticular cases as this constitution or the Legislature shall
provide for."
That of Kentucky, 1799, declares:
" No power of suspending laws shall be c jercisea unlCM
by the Legislature or its authority." %
Here are seven of the original thirteen States
thatin their earliest constitutions had express pro-
visions on this subject negativing the idea of the
power of suspension unless in the Legislature,
and their example followed soon after by Ver-
mont and Kentucky in their original constitutions.
Is it reasonable, 1 ask, that the representatives of
; those States in the Federal Convention should
j have conferred the suspending power on any de-
: partmentofGovernmentother than the legislative?
1 The last argument of the Senator in support of
presidential assumption is, that the " President is
a coordinate branch of the General Government,"
and "sole judge of his own powers, accountable
j only to God and the people;" the effect of which
] is, that whatever powers he may choose to de-
; terminc he possesses he may exercise; and such
! exercisc is beyond control or question save by
! God and the people. The argument is not original
! with the Senator. It is the birth of the prolific
brain of the Attorney General. I shall not attempt
to answer it, for the reason that it is not possible
for cither the Attorney General or the^Senator to
convince the people that the President is constitu-
tionally an absolute monarch, however much he
may strive to be in practice. The answer to all
this assumption of power by the President, and
to all the arguments by which such assumption is
attempted to be supported, is short and simple.
The President is an executive officer, created by
the Constitution. All his powers and duties are
specially granted or defined in that instrument.
There arc no inherent original powers in his office,
other than those so granted. These he may ex-
ercise—none others. Those powers and duties
are plainly stated in the second and third sections
of the second article of the Constitution, and are
as follows:
" The President shall be Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United Prated, and of the militia of
tli'' several State? when called into the actual service of the
United States; he ruav require the opinion, in writing, of the
principal officer in each of the Executive Departments, upon
any subject relating to the duties of their 1 elective offices;
and h" shall have power to grant repi kwes and paidons for
offenses against the United States, except in cases of im-
peachment. He shall have power, by and with the advice
and con«« nt of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two
thirds of the Senatois pieseni concm ; and iie shall nomin-
ate, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint enibas-ndois, other public inimsteis and con-
suls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of
the United States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise pio\ idi'd toi, and which shall be established by law;
but the Congtcss may by law vest the appointment of such
interim officeisrw th«w think proper, in the President alone,
in the courts of law. or m the heads of Departments. The
PioMdent shall have power to fill up all vacancies that may
happen dm me the icce^s of the Senate, by granting com-
mis-ion*- which 'hall e.xpiieat the end of their next session,
lie Phall from time to time give to the Congress information
of the .state of the Union, and recommend to their eonsid-
eiation such measures as he shall judge necessary and ex-
pedient ; he may, on extraoidinary occasions, convene both
Houses, or either of them, and m case of disagreement be-
tween them with respect to the time of adjournment, he
may adjourn them to such time as he shall think proper;
