THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1863.
New Series No. 74.
care in selecting the shortest route, should enjoy
the privilege of sending and receiving their letters
without postage, while soldiers in the field, receiv-
ing only thirteen dollars per month, with fair ra-
tions hut not better than congressional boarding,
and enduring hardship and exposure greater than
ours, should be compelled to pay their postage.
This bill, as it now stands, will require three
denominations of postage stamps for letters; while
by the rates in the bill I prepared last winter a
two cent stamp will pay all the letter postage and
most of the rates on printed matter. In conven-
ience to the people and to postmasters it is diffi-
cult to estimate the immense advantages of this
uniformity of rate. It is the key to the success
of a postal system, as the experience of England
has already demonstrated. I invite attention to
the facts and arguments contained in the speech to
which I have referred,and which is now upon the
table of members. A brief abstract of my bill will
be found on the cover of that speech.
The point which is most labored in that speech
is, that the itftes proposed in the bill will not in-
juriously affect the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment. The Postmaster General admits the
force of the postal statistics of England and of this
country, which are marshaled to show that the
uniform rate of two cents for letter postage will
produce to the Department as much gross revenue
as the present rates; and he essays in his annual
report to explain away their force as bearing on
that point, and argues to show that the increase
of revenue and the increase in the number of let-
ters are attributable more to increased postal facil-
ities and other causes than to the reduction of the
rate of postage. But he omits to state that in-
creased postal facilities naturally follow and at-
tend a cheap and uniform rate. The postal sta-
tistics to which I have referred demonstrate this.
Among the facts which convincingly show that a
low and uniform rate of letter postage stimulates
largely correspondence is the surprisingly rapid
increaseinthenumberof letters written and mailed
under a reduced rate of postage. This useful item
of postal statistics is not shown in the annual re-
ports of our Post Office Department,but it is shown
by annual reports of the British Department. The
number of letters passing through the British post
office during the year 1839, the last year of high
postage, was 75,908,000; and the number passing
through the same office in 1860, under the uni-
form penny rate—two cents our currency—was
564,002,000. (See page 15 of the postal speech on
the desks of members.) The number of letters
passing through our post office during the year
1845, the last year of our high rate of postage,
from six to twenty-five cent**, was 39,958,978;
and the number of letters passing through the
same office during the year 1860 was 184,301,340.
Can these facts beaccounted for upon the increase
of population or the increase of postal facilities
unconnected with the reduced rate of postage?
I invite gentlemen to a comparison of the num-
ber of letters passing through the Biitish office
and the American offices during the year 1860.
They can make their own application. The ten
minutes allowed mc prevent me from doing it.
The gross revenue of the British office in 1860
was $18,636,365, while our own during the same
period was only $9,218,067. The increase of
postal revenue in England in twenty years was
one hundred and fifty-seven per cent., while in our
own country during the same period it was only
one hundred and three per cent. The increase of
population in England during the same period has
teen only seven per cent., while in our country it
has been seventy per cent. The percentage of
population in England that cannot read and write
is thirty, while in our country, including the States
in rebellion, it is only five per cent. For other
statistics bearing upon this subject see table on
pages 18 and 19 of my postal speech. Since the
publication of this speech I have had some corre-
spondence with the Postmaster General on the sub-
ject-matter of it, of a friendly character, and which
was quite gratifying and satisfactory to me, for lie
kindly proposed to and did circulate some copies
74
of that speech under his frank to leading men
who took an interest in postal affairs. In one. of
his letters to me he requested me to give him my
data for the estimate of the number of letters an-
nually passing through our postoffice. I gave it
to him,and J will ask permission to publish with
my remarks that mode of estimate. This is a copy
of the letter containing it:
Washington, June 7, 1862.
Hon. M. IJlair: The number of' letters passing through
tiie porft office, without an actual count, can only be esti-
mated. 1 have no means, ami I do not know that any one
has, of ascertaining the exact number. Perhaps, however,
all thfi way-bills would show the actual number. The an-
nual repoitsof your office give no data for an actual count.
The number of letters appear in the Biitish reports. The
nutnberof letters is given in the mticle u Post Office"—to
wliieh f refer m my speech—m Great Britain and the United
States up to and including 18o(5, commencmszat 1617. (See
page 420, Encyclopedia Britanniea, eighth edition, volume
xvin ) I presume the United Slates estimate is taken fiom
Mr. Miles's Postal Reform, as that woik is referred to. I have
taken i\li. Miles's estimate, but not without being sanded
that it was substantially correct If it id incorrect, I hope
you, from >our othee, will give the data lot a correct esti-
mate. This is an important item ot postal statistics, and
if I am not eoire.ct in iny speech 1 wi-.li to bo corrected, i
thought of giving the basis of the calculation, but it would
make the speech lather too long. It is ho long now I have
been obliged to abrige it a little tor the pamphlet edition,
which 1 will soon mmkI vou. Ills being punted in New
York By a careful computation, looking to all the sources
of postal revenue, the number ot letters of all ssizes repie-
sented by one dollai of gio s> postal income is believed to
be as iollows :
Up to 181.) (inclusive) 6 to 25 cts. postage. ...9 letters.
1S4C5toltsSL 11 o to 10 cts. po.-tagc..,, 13 "
1852 to 1&>5 " 3 to ."ict^. postage.... 18 £'
Sincc " 3 to 5cty. postage... .20 '
The above estimate is corroboiated by the revenue and
number of letters as officially lepoited of the post office in
New Yojk city dunng the last two years, 1SG0 and 13GJ.
The number ot letters mailed at thtb office w:iv liom seven-
teen to eighteen million, varied about a million in the«e two
yeais. In i860 the postal revenue of this post office was
$910,000. The gros> postal income of the United States that
yeni was $9,218,067 Now, if $!)10,000 will ropresentemh-
teen million letters, how many will .$9,218,007 represent?
Mr. Thurston, of Oiegon, in June If), 1851, made a speech in
the House, in which he estimates the number of letters in
1819 at sixty-two millions, round numbeis. Mr. Thin-ton
gives the number ot letters in other yeais. The chauman
of the Post Office Committee for that Cungre^, Mi. Potter,
of Ohio, I believe, comments upon the table given by Mr.
Thurston, in which these estimates at e lejjardcd as correct.
1 have understood that the Post Office Department in 1651
made a similai stalcment. I have been leferences to it, but
have not seen the estimates. All the estimates 1 could lind
coirespond <o nearly with the c-timates of Mr. Miles that
[ was satisfied to take them as eoirect. i only rclerml to
Mi. Thurston's* s-peech to satisfy mc that the estimates were
substantially correct.
Tiuly } our /hend, JUfllY IIUTCfUNtf.
The Postmaster General has not informed me
that the mode of estimate was incorrect, nor lias he
given a different one. A short time before the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress, i
called on him and inquired as to the correctness of
this mode of estimate, and he informed me that he
had requested his assistants to examine it,and if
not coirect to furnish a better one, and that they
had not reported. I therefore concluded they could
find no more accurate mode of estimate.
The Postmaster General argues that the cost of
carrying the mail in this country must be greater
than in Great Britain, by reason of the extent of
our country, and therefore the rate that might be a
compensating one there might not be here.
The fallacy of this is in the assumption that the
expenses of the Department, in a revenue point of
view, should control the rate of postage to be
charged.
Upon that point I made this remark during the
discussion last winter:
" J !a\ down thi« proposition as correct, that, in a financial
point of view, the e.\pendiiures of our Post Officc Depart-
ment have nothing to do with tho lates o< postage which
should be charged. In a revenue aspect only, the rate of post-
age which will produce the largest gioss income is the most
profitable to the Government."
If, therefore, the uniform rate of two cents, as pro-
posed in my bill, will produce more gross revenue
than the rate of three and two cents, and one cent,
as provided in the bill now under consideration,
wisdom and economy would require the adoption
of the two cent rate. The multiplication of the
denomination of postal stamps complicates the !a%
bor of the Department, and causes great inconve-
nience to the people. Under the bill we are con-
sidering, the stamps for letters cannot be used for
transient printed matter. It was a great mistake
in the excise law that the denomination of stamps
was so multiplied, as the experience of business
men attests; and uniformity is more essential in
postal than ordinary business matters.
In no single instance in the history ofany coun-
try has the adoption of a low and uniform rate
of postage resulted in a corresponding decrease of
revenue. Neither can an instance be found where
an increase in the rate has resulted in a corre-
sponding increase of the revenue. During the war
of 1812, Congress, as a means of increasing the
revenue of the Post Office Department, increased
the rate of postage fifty percent., and so disastrous
was the effect of it on the revenue and on the busi-
ness of the country that it was soon repealed. I
cannot multiply facts upon this point. 1 differ
with the PostOffice Departmentand with the Post
Office Committee of both Houses in this, that I
do not believe we can have a successful postal re-
form measure without a low and uniform rate of
letter postage and the abolition of the franking
privilege. I must, therefore, oppose this bill un-
less amended in these particulars. I therefore
send to the Clerk the following amendment, pro-
viding for the uniform rate of two cents for each
letter:
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1863, in lieu Of
the rates of postage now established by law, there shall be.
chaiged the following rates, to wit: for every letter, not
e\cceding half an ounco in weightdeposited in a post office
for delivery, or to be convcycd by mail any distance, the
postage, when prepaid, shall be two cents; for every letter
weighing over half an ounce and not exceeding an ounce,
four cents; for every letter weighing over an ounce and not
exceeding two ounces, eight cents; and for every letter
weighing over two ounces, the same proportionate rates,
namely: four cents for each ounce in weight, and four ccnts
foi any fraction of an ounce beyond the last ounce; and for
ail letters not prepaid, the postage shall be double the rates
above specified.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the words " shall
be charged,"and inserting the words " a uniform
late of one cent." I promised the chairman of
the committee to make no speech to develop the
effect of the radical policy winch this amendment
would introduce; but if 1 have an opportunity
between this and the close of the session I shall
take great pleasure in asking the attention of the
House to an exposition of the policy based on a
uniform rate of postage, sufficient merely to pay
office rent and the incidental expenses attendant
on the postal opeiations. ,
Mr. COLFAX. I move the previous question
on the pending amendment and the amendment
to the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and nays
on his amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr.HUTCHINS demanded the yeas and nays
on his substitute.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was rejected.
Mr. COLFAX. If there be no objection, I
will yield to the amendment uf the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. S. C. Fessenden.]
There was no objection.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I move in the fif-
teenth section to strike out the words " has the
power," and in lieu thereof to insert44 is hereby
required;" so that it will read:
Sec. 15. J3nd be it further enacted, That whenever, by
rea-on of tho pie>e,nce of a military or naval force near
any post office, unusual business accrues thereat, the Post-
master Genera! i- hereby requited to make a special order
allowing proportionately reasonable compensation to the
po-lmnster.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire now to perfect the
amendment which was adopted last evening on
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley.] In that part which relates to the
franking privilege given to members of Congress,
