1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lars is a tax of near one hundred and fifty dollars
on each steamboat. The fact is, that tins fusible
alloy, and all fusible alloys, instead of proving a
safety against the explosion of boilers, mislead
the engineer, for the reason that, although the first
time the alloy melts it may be ator near the fixed
decree of heat, at each successive fusion it re-
quires a higher dygree; thus becoming more and
more unreliable,and puttingin jeopardy property
and life. Many boats on the Ohio river have ex-
ploded their boilers, though fully provided with
the Evans safety guard.
Mr. LOW. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania yield to me ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. If the interruption bears
on' this point.
Mr. LOW. If the gentleman will allow me, I
desire to say in addition to what he has said in
relation to the unreliability of this invention that
to my knowledge seveial explosions have occurred
in my State (California) upon steamboats which
used this safety guard. And 1 desire to say fur-
ther that if there is one greater humbug than an-
other, this patent metal plug is the greatest of
them all.
Mr. McKNIGHT, I have even better testi-
mony than that, s<> far as the House is concerned,
though I am satisfied with that. 1 have the direct
record evidence in my hands. Here is the inspect-
or's ceitificate of two steamboats on the western
waters, both of which contain this clause:
"That they have examined this boat and find that the
alloy metal iued fuses at one liundied and foitysmd one
hundred and fifty pounds of pi cssuii1 "
That is the outside at one hundred and fifty,
and the inside at one hundred and forty pounds.
These Certificates are properly certified to by the
collector of customs at Pittsburg; and yet these
very boats which received these certificates of in-
spection exploded theirboilers with tins so-called
safety guard upon them.
In addition I have received a letter from the
captain and owner of a steamboat, a very reliable
man and a Christian, who writes thus 
Mr. RICE. Does he live in Pennsylvania?
Mr. McKNIGHT. Yes, sir; and is one of my
most honored constituents, and writes:
"Your letter cairn1 duly to hand, a* king in relation to
( Evans's gaiety humbug.' I will here Mate that no uver
man of my acquaintance but is delighted with any conni-
vance to mcicM^ctbe safety of travel on steamboats. First,
because the safety of the crew is involved, als>o the safety
of properly, there benij; no insurance against explosions,
so that in addition to ilie los- oi life, the loss ol propeiiy is
al^o large in cases of explosion. I know U to be a humbug
fioin my own persona! knowledge and experience. ] owned
half ot a ste:unboat which exploded her boiler®, although
provided witn a set of the so called Evam safety guard.
This explosion co*t me, in actual, immediate Iovj, $fi,OJO
cash, be-uk's innumerable icnvsuit*, one biought last week
and one decided in the ^upieme Couit very lately."
I will state, too, that I got a letter from the
Steamboatmen's Benevolent Association of Pitts-
burg, protesting against the i enewal of this patent.
Now, it is evident the owners of steamboats
would be delighted to have this safety-valve pat-
ent extended so that it might be used, it' there was
any security whatever in its use. But there being
no security in it, they object to paying a tax
therefor.
I desire, now, the Clerk to read a protest of
seventy-odd steamboat men, captains, owners,
engineers, pilots, &c., on the western wat^is; it
is very short.
The protest was read, as follows:
To the Members of the Senate and
House of Representative?, in Congress assembled :
Your memorialist* would represent that there is now a
bill before jour houoiable foodie* for the t>econd renewal of
a patent foi an aiticle called "Evans** patent .safety guaid,''
said aitiele being for the puiposeof pievi ntmg the explo-
sion of bo.lers, and being the invention of one Cadwaiiader
Evans, ot Fittsburg, Pennsylvania, now some nine years
deceased ; that a patent tor said f.af«t\ guard wa& granted
to said Evans in the year 1840, for fourteen j ears, to make
and sell said safety guaid ; and that at the expiration of said
patent for the term of fouiteen \ears, said Evans's widow
applied for a lenewnlot said patent for a further term of
seven years, which was granted; and that during this period
oftwentv-one yeaisthe said Evans ami his widow and Heirs
continued to sell the right to u-e the safety guard before
mentioned, at a puce which ha-> enriched the inventor and
heirs; and further, that m accordance with the law of Con-
gress of August, 1652, all desruptums of vessels and ciaft
licensed to eariy pa^en^er-*, acrordmg to said law. arc com-
pelled to u^e one of said uEvai)s'  bufet} guaids" on each
and eveiy boiler used on said vessel-. Thcj would further
represent that the chaige for the right to use said safety
guard was a large one, being twenty-five dollais for each
Boiler; and that, in jur-tice, said patentee has received full
value Jor lus invention in a twenty-one yeais'monopoly of
its sales especially as th« law of the land comppiled its uni-
versal use. In viewofall the facts herein set forth, your pe-
titioners respectfully protest and remonstrate against the
granting of any further renewal of said patent; and your
memonalists will ever pray. Ste-
in addition to that I have also here the petition
and remonstrance of fifty-five other engine build-
ers, machinists, steamboat owners, and persons
interested in the navigation of the western waters,
which gives their reasons, in some particulars
different from the ones stated in the other protest,
but 1 will not ask to have it read. I will, however,
ask that the proposition of Watson & Munroe,of
the West Point Boiler Woiks, at Pittsburg, be
read. The firm offers to make this valve, if the
patent is taken ou, for six dollars. The present
price is twenty-five dollars. Three other engine
builders of Pittsburg offer to furnish it for twelve
dollars and leave a good profit.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to say that at
the last session of Congress I filed remonstrances
in the same language of that which has been al-
ready readat the Clerk's desk, from (he steamboat
men of the upper Mississippi against the renewal
of this patent.
Mr. MALLORY. I would state that remon-
strances were also filed from Louisville, and from
almost every place on the Ohio river.
Mr. McKNIGHT. They were presented in
the last Congress, and were placed upon the files
of tiie House, in thatCongiess this application
was defeated. There was a report made, but the
measure was lost. Objection was then made to
it by a citizen of New Yoik, a membei of this
House, (Mr. Hoard,) who said that he had trav-
eled upon the western rivers, and being an engine
builder and a machinist he made it a point to go
down into the engine rooms and examine the en-
gines and talk with the engineers; that he asked
the engineers about it; that they showed him how
it operated, and what a humbug it was. He op-
posed this measure and was the means of defeat-
ing it in the last House, before I could say a word
against it.
Now, the Clerk will read the proposition to
which I referred.
The paper was read, as follows:
PrrrsBDRo, June 97, 1^00
Gentlemen: I am instructed by the As-ociation to in-
quire of you what it would cost per boiiei to make and
apply, ready lor use, the safety valve (ijuaid) commonly
known a- the Evans safety guaid? Youi answei m writing
is requested.
Yours respectfully, JOHN B. LIVINGSTON",
S^ci elary.
Mess's. Watson fic Munroe.
  ♦
West Point Hoileh Works,
Pittsburg, June-2b, lb62.
Gentlemen : In reply toyotirquestion as above, we will
mnke and put on the Evans, safety guaid foi mx dollar per
boiler. (The patent excepted )
Yours, &c., WATSON & MUNROE.
There is no reason stated in the report of the
Senate committee, winch has also been adopted
by the House committee, why the application
should begrauted. The only reason they attempt
to give, or rather shadow of reason, is that this
lady, who asks for the extension, happens to be
a descendant of the family of Oliver Evans of
Philadelphia, 0 very woithy gentleman, and a
man whom the State of Pennsylvania delighted to
honor. But I do not apprehend that to the de-
scendants of that man, or of any man to the latest
eeneiation, we arc compelled to pay bonuses
unless better cause be shown.
I will state further and briefly, as the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Rice] grows impatient, that this
bill does not propose to refer this matter of re-
newal to the Commissioner of Patents in order that
he may investigate the matter and see whether the
patent should be renewed. I went before the Com-
mittee on Patents laut session and requested that
the remonstrants should have an opportunity to be
heard in order that they might show that this in-
vention was unworthy of confidence, and would
not pievent explosions. Those gentlemen—lam
not going to reflect upon them—seemed to think
that the session was too near the close to allow
our testimony to be produced and get their bill
through, and therefore I would have been com-
pelled to come here without having an opportunity
to be heaid. Were it not th.it i had these rcmon-
stiances which were upon file last session, I should
have been caught here without anything to show
that there was no merit in this safety valve.
I know that the chairman of the committee feels
a pride after reporting it that it should be success-
ful; but 1 believe that other member's of the com-
mittee are content that the House should do as
they please upon the subject. I do not think that
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rice] should la-
bor this case against the opinions and interests of
those who are engaged in steamboat navigation,
who know whereof they affirm, and have neither
faith nor trust in the Evans patent guard.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will just reply to th©
last statement of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia; and I will say that the committee have been
disposed to afford every opportunity in their power
to those opposed to this matter to bringevidence
against tha merits of the invention, and to show
why the patent should not be renewed. The bill
came to this House and was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents at the last session of Congress,
and I was instructed to report it back with a rec-
ommendation that it pass. The opponents then
asked time and a hearing, which was granted, with-
out producingachange in committee.* I informed
gentlemen that I would not press it even at that
late day in the session without letting them have
an opportunity to be heard upon tne floor; and
they knew very well that the committee was not
reached,and that the bill went over to this session
of Congress. They have had all this interven-
ing lime to take whatever testimony they desired
to biing forward and present to the committee,
but none additional has been adduced, either from
negligence, or, what is more probable, a scarcity
of the desired kind. Now, Mr. Speaker, after thia
constant and long-contmurd courtesy, I do not
think it quite generous on the part of my fnend,
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mc-
Kkigiit,] to indulge in reflections upon me nor
complaints of the committee.
The gentleman—with the untiring assistance of
ourmutual ftiend from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne]
—has canvassed and discussed this question with
his usual earnestness and zeal,and evidently with
some degree of feeling. And this is all very com-
mendable in gentlemen representing large steam-
boat and railroad interests, and localities where
they have fast people, fast livers, and faststeam-
crs and locomotives—where everything moves
upon the k' high pressure" principle, with more re-
gard for speed than safety, and where brakes and
safety guards are consequently at a discount. But
!, sir, coming fiom that section of the country
whereslow and sure'* is our motto, and where the
people do not indulge very much in these "high
j>ressure,,contnvances, have no feeling whatever
in the matter, and no earthly interest in if, other
than to desire that met itoi ious sei vices, by which
the public interests have been vastly benefited,
shall be propeiiy remunerated, and to see that the
people who travel and trade upon our lakes and
! nveis shall be protected 111 their persons and
I property, in the future as in the past, by this in-
j vention.
Now, in the first place, let us see what is the His-
tory of this invention. As has been stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the first letters pat-
ent weie granted in 1839, but the evidence before
the Commissioner of Patents, as shown in his re-
port, is that the patent did not come in to general use
until 1848-50, for the reason that the invention and
the manufacture of the guards was not perfected.
In 1852 the letters were surrendered and reissued,
so that this specific invention has in fact run for
less than ten years.
Now we come to the question of value; and let
us see what the testimony is, and learn whether
it is such a humbug as is represented by gentle-
men opposing the bill. Eveiybody knows that
an immense loss of life and property had occurred
year after year in consequence of explosions of
steam boilers driving high-pressure engines upon
our western lakes and rivers. Almost every
breeze that came from the West brought thenews
of death and destruction in consequence of these
explosions. So frequent had they become that in
]848 the Senate passed a resolution requiring the
Commissioner of Patents to investigate this whole
matter, and see what remedy could be had. He
sent out a circular to the engineers and steamboat
builders all over the country, asking them to state
certain facts, and give theironminns as to the best
means to pi event these disasters; and the uni-
versal lesponse coming back from those gentle-
men as that this invention was the only thing
that could be relied upon with any degree of cer-
tainty 10 effect the object. The history of the
