1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
country since that time has demonstrated the fact
that it has prevented explosions. Up to that time
there were only one hundred and twenty-six
steamboats on which this Evans's safety guard
was used, and only one of that number ever ex-
ploded; and in that case it was proved that the
valve was tied down to prevent its operation.
Now, these responses came up from whom?
They came, as I find from an examination of the
Commissioner's report, from seventy-seven en-
gine builders in the following cities: thatis,fivein
Boston, five in Providence, twelve in New York,
fourteen in Philadelphia, twenty in Pittsburg,
three in Wheeling, seven in Cincinnati, and eleven
in Louisville; and by four chief engineers, United
States Navy; ninety-three captains of steamboats
and eighty-eight engineers of steamboats; making
two hundred and sixty-two in all. That was the
evidence coming up to the Commissioner of Pat-
ents; and it was all in one direction, all in favor
of the use o£ this invention to prevent explosions.
In view of the terrible disasters which were
continually coming upon the people, Congress
passed a law providing not that this particular
invention should be used, but that some alloys
should be used upon the flues of steamers to pre-
vent their explosions.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state, in reply to
the gentleman, that this fusible alloy which is
required by law to be used can only be used to
Evans's safety valve.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The gentleman's state-
ment only proves the more conclusively the value
of the invention, and that it must be used in com-
pliance with the law until something better is in-
vented. If the gentleman has anything better, as
he claims, he has only to demonstrate the fact to
the inspectors, and then he and the gentleman from
I5ennsylvania will not be longer hounded by the
" Evans humbug." I will state to the House how
that matter is. In consequence of thin investiga-
tion by the Commissioner of Patents and lux re-
port, Congress, in 185:2, requiied by law that all
steamboats having hi^h-pressure boilers should
have " placed ina suitable manner (upon the Hues)
alloyed metals, fusible by the heat of the boiler
when raised to the highest working pressure al-
lowed;" but it was left to the inspectors, who were
to be appointed under the law, to decide what form
of metal, or instrument, and in what manner it
should be applied, and a commission was ap-
pointed by the Navy Department to ascertain what
alloys should be used, and what were the most ef-
fective means to prevent these ex plosions; and that
commission, after full investigation and examina-
tion of the whole subject, decided that this safety
guard of Evans's, and the alloys used by him,
were the best and only effective means to prevent
these explosions^ so destructive to life and prop-
erty.
Now, let me say a word further as to the evi-
dence of the value of this invention. Among the
evidence adduced i« that of Professors Silliman
and Olmsted, of Yah: ColSoge; Professor Ren-
wick, of Columbia (College, New York; Professor
McCulloch, of Jefferson College, Philadelphia;
Professor Locke, of Ohio College, Cincinnati;
Professor Henry, of the Smithsonian Institution;
Professor Bache, chief of the Coast Survey; and
Professor Booth, of the United States Mint—all
concurring in the opinion that " Evans's safety
guard" is the only known, practicable, and safe
method to accomplish the desired object.
But it is said that this invention fails for the
reason that these metals harden after repeated
fusions and thereby become valueless. Let me
rend some of the testimony on that point. I read
letters from Professor Henry, Professor Booth,
and Professor Bache:
Smithsonian Institution:.
Sir : In compliance with your lettoi, me to state
for u-e in the House ot Repre-entatives the i dative mei its
ot alloy-? and plugs of put e tin, to prevent explosions in high-
pitis>*urc iKuleKS, 1 respectnilly present the lolhnviny :
Pure tin, aceouhng to tellable autlioiitie^. incite at tin:
tempeuuure of 440s Fahrenheit, winch corresponds Willi a
pressure of steain ot' about twenty five atmospheres, or
about three handled and seventy five pounds to the senate
inch, .1 picture too gte.it to he, safely employed in the or-
dinary steam boiler.
Fusible metals may be formed of such ingiedients as to
molt at tc nipeiatnrcrf iroru a little below boiling to many
hundred degrees above. They ate found, hoivevei. bv re-
peated heating, to a tempetutme Jess than that of then
melting point, to change then qualm, the mote fusible m-
giedient* i mining our, and leaving the le-^ fusible in an in-
crease d proportion. Jt is my opinion, therefore, that they
cannot be entirely depended upon, unless u ed in a tube in
accordance witii the plan originally proposed by the late
Mr. Evans and Professor Bache.
I have the honor to be your obedient sprvartt,
JOSEPH HENRY.
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, July%, 1862.
Sir: * * * * i have made extensive exper-
iments in order to render fusible alloys uniformly reliable.
Prom these experiments £ draw the confident opinion that
the allovs do not undergo anv alteration at the temperatures
to which they are subjected m " Evans's safety guaul," or
in any other analogous arrangement, ; * * *
Very truly, yours, JAS. C. BOOTH.
Washington, July 2, 1S62.
Madam: Having conducted aperies of experiments on
fusible metals for the Franklin institute of Pennsylvania,!
feel perfectly free to say that no -such objection as is alleged
from oxydation can properly be biought a^ain&t the fusible
alloy apparatus for the safety of steam bodeis, invented by
your late husband. It is both simple and effective, and is
"not subject to pre&suie which sepaiates the components of
the alloy.
Yoins, respectfully, A. D. BACHE.
Mrs. Uadwallader Evans.
And here is a letter from Pittsburg, where my
friend resides:
Office of United States Local Inspectors,
Pittsburg. July f>, 1^2.
Madam: Yours of the lstin.tantif at hand. In reply we
are pleased instate that we have gieat l.uth in the efficiency
of the alloy metal as a preventive against the explosion of
steam boilers; and tiom the knowledge and expeiionce we
have on the subject, believe that the "safety guard'"" invent-
ed by your late husband, Cadwallader Evans, is the best
method of attaching the alloy metal to the boilers.
Very lespeetfully, REDMOND J. CRACE,
JOSEPH FRENCH,
United States Local Inspectors.
Mrs, Jane B. Evans.
N. T).—In a work published by me in the year 1853, you
will find the following exir.iet, an opinion that, to the pres-
ent tune, F have had no xeason to alter or change :
"Tins ditlieulty is now tully obviated bv an ingenious
invention ot Cadwalladet Evuut, Esq., called the safety
guatd,' which possesses all the piopcities of the common
safety valve, while it is in (act a safegimid, when the open-
ings liave sullieient aie.i, .is ihe alloy i-> made to lu-e at a
tempeiature eoriospundmg with the pleasure, instantly re-
lieving the sitety-valve beam of its load, and leaving the
valve tree to raise to us maximum opening, which is not
the ease with the common satetj valve.
"This guard has another propeity of great impoitance.
The alloy tube, being in contact with the Hue ot the boiler,
will I use the moment the top ot the Hue is exposed,
although the procure may not eouespond with the temper-
ature, thus giving warning to the engineer of a deficiency of
water, and at the same tune relieving the boiler of pi es ure."
Very ic&pecttully, JOSEPH FRENCH,
United States Inspector of Boilers.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Allow me to say one word.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I think I have been very
indulgent to the gentleman.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I wish only to say that
when this invention first came out the citizens of
Pittsburg were delighted with it. I used it my-
self, and believed then that it was a meritorious
invention, and I was the member of the last Con-
gress who offered the petition of this lady for a
lenewal of her patent.
Mr. 111013, of Maine. "Well, some strange in-
fluence has come over my friend. It seems that
ho once had great faith in this invention,and vised
it himself, but somehow or other he has changed
his mind, and he now opposes it with the vigor
and eloquence lie has so well exhibited hero to-
day. His conversion must have been rather sud-
den, too. Some time since lie presented " the peti-
tion of this lady, Mrs. Evans, tor a renewal of
her patent." He certainly did not then know it
as the li Evans humbug."
1 do not doubt that the men who run steam-
boats are opposed to this invention. They would,
if they could, have no sort of protection afforded
to the public, but would be racing their boats as
they did formerly, and we should have constant
explosions as we formerly did.
But there is another class of persons in this coun-
try who understand this matter,and are interested
m it. I send to the Clerk's desk a petition winch
1 desire to have read.
The Clerk read the petition, as follows:
7'o the Honorable the Senate and Home of Representative*
of the United Stales of America :
The undt'isigned, officers of insurance companies and
otheis, being deepU interested in pioterting the commerce
' oi the westt in water*, the lake  and bays ot the coast na\ i-
1 gated byh'gh-pressure-aeatneis, would lespectlullj teeoin-
nlend that the patent granted to the late Cadwallader Evans,
lor his safety guard," be renewed to ins widow The
able repot t of the Senate Committee on Pa tents gives - none
and noble reasons lor the lenewal I is addition to tle^e <ue
otlieis uf a practical chaiactei which should not be over-
looked. The invention has been siimulaily uFeetive in
| preset vine hie and property. 'I'his effectiveness ismamly
! dependent upon the ptoper admixture of the several metals
1 forming the iiwhle .dioy. and the pioper adjustment of the
spindle, chain, and valve. If the invention should be thrown
open by the cessation of the patent, no one would fee! suffi-
cient interest to make the "safety guard" pioperly, because,
being made everywhere, they would no whet e be made cor-
rectly, hence the invention would coa&eto be a piotection,
and we might again see the almost daily record of steam-
boat explosions, lo^es of life and propeity, which ocemrcd
until Congress lequued the " batety guard" to be used.
As underwriter.-, bearing the enormous risk of commerce
in transitu, and as citizens deeply interested m all that can
save life or guard tiavelets against danger, we earnestly
urge upon Congress not to abate any poition of that pvotec-
tion already secuicd by law; and believing that this" safety
guard" is essentially necessity, we btiougly reeommend
that the bill passed by the Senate be concurred in by the
Ilou.se of Itepiescntatives, extending the. teim of the patent
for the Evans's safety guard, at the earliest possible period.
EL WOOD WALTER,
President Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company.
JOHN A. PARKER,
Vice President Great Western Insurance Company.
J. P. TAPPAN,
President Neptune Insurance Company.
THOMAS C. HAND,
President Delaware Mutual Insurance Company.
RIClIAUD S. SMITH,
Piesident Union Mutual Insurance Co., Philadelphia.
J. R. WUCHERER,
President Phctmx Mutual Insurance Co., Philadelphia.
HENRY I). SfiERRGRD,
President Insurance Co. of the State of Pennsylvania.
WM. F. DEAN,
Vice President Anthracite Insurance Company.
WILE AM CRAIG,
President American Marine Insurance Company.
ARTHUR G. COFFIN,
President Insurance Company of Noith America.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The evidence of these
insurance officers is the most satisfactory and con-
clusive that can be adduced to show the import-
ance of continuing this patent. The ground they
put it upon is, that if this extension is not granted
the article will not be properly manufactured. The
manufacture of the instiuments and the fitting of
them is a very nice operation, and it \x absolutely
necessary that the alloys shall be properly man-
ufactured , or eNe they are of no value. M rs. Evans,
now in her poverty, has the buildings and the ma-
terials for manufacturing these guards in a proper
manner.
Mr. WASHBURNE. She has already made
$1,000,000 by this patent.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I fear that my friend,
in the fervor of his zeal, is a little extravagant in
his statement, unless the " safety guard" is used
upon all" h igh-pressure "boilers j n the West, those
that go by whisky as well as water, or a mixture
of both. It is quite evident that they must be
applied to other than.steamboat boilers, lor, at
twenty-five dollars each, deducting the cost of
manufacture, to realize the sum stated would re-
quire the sale of at least fifty thousand guards,
for it is in evidence that only one hundred and
twenty-six steamers had them in use in 1848, and
the patent expired in 1859 or 1860. The fact is,
Mr. Speaker, the invention bus affoided but very
small remuneration to the patentee and his heirs.
The Commissioner of Patents took testimony
upon this point at the time of the last renewal,
and the record shows that only about $800 had
been realized as net profits. The evidence in the
case further shows that the sales and profits since
have not afforded even a sufficient support for the
family of the inventor; and from a summing wp
of the whole, I am satisfied that all the parties
have not realized more than $10,000 net. If the
gentleman will tell the petitioner wheie tu find the
small balance of $990,000, 1 think I may safely
promise that she will not piess her claim any fur-
ther. The charge for these guards at this time
is only fifteen dollars, instead of twenty-five dol-
lars, as represented by the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. McKXIGHT. How long is it since that
reduction was made?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I cannot say; but the
evidence is satisfactory to my mind that fifteen
dollars is charged for making the guards, for fitting
tiiem for boileis,and for putting them on; and that
it does not pay the widow who owns this patent
more than five or seven hundred a year. I will
yieid now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Diddle,] for five minutes, and then call the
previous question.
Mr. B1DDLE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
a few words in favor of this claim; and I do so
because I believe that there has been so much con-
fusion in the House while the gentleman from
Maine was delivering his able and comprehensive
statement that very many members on this side
of the House have not heaid a woid of it.
