1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Now, sir, this lady is not my constituent. She
is the constituent of my colleague who is here
opposing her interests; and I suppose, therefore,
my colleague will not consider it an intrusion on
my part to rise here and say a few words in her
behalf.
Mr. McKNIGHT. To whom do you refer?
Mr. BIDDLE. My friend himself. He resides
in Pirtsburg.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I do not represent the dis-
trict in which she resides.
Mr. BIDDLE^ I was then m error. Mr. Speak-
er, if there is any lobby influence in favor of this
bill i have not heard of it, and every member in
this House conversant with the interests that are
represented by my colleague well knows that there
is a strong lobby influence against this bill; and
at any rate, when I see a poor lone woman at-
tacked by two such robust and vigorous assail-
ants as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] and my colleague from Alleghany, [Mr.
McKnight,] count me in on her side. [Great
laughter and clapping of hands.]
Mr. Speaker, I feel that I was rash in assum-
ing the championship of this old lady against such
odds. I put her, sir, under the protection of the
gallantry of this House, which I am sure, wiil
accord to her at least a fair hearing. As to my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] we all
know that he would have no objection to blow up
these river steamboats, and the rivers along with
them, for he wants to return to the safer convey-
ance by horse power on the tow-paths of the canal.
Now, sir, I will say a word to my colleague
from Alleghany, [Mr. McKnight.] He made no
secret about the interest which he represents on
this floor. His district lies at the confluence of
those rivers that come together to make the mightier
flood which there takes the name of the Ohio; and
one of the leading interests of that district is the
steamboat interest. Now, I scarcely dare to hope
that I can maintain the cause of this poor widow
against the powerful steamboat interest, and the
lobby influence that it can bring here to second
it. But there is another interest for which, if I can
enlist your attention, I think I can enlist your
sympathy. It is 
Mr. RI CE, of Maine. I must resume the floor
and move the previous question.
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 move that the bill be laid
on the tabic.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BIDDLE. Can I get an extension of time
for five minutes? I want to touch the chemical
merits of the question.
Mr. SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. McKNIGHT called for tellers on the pre-
vious question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chamber-
lain and Ali.ey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 52. noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. F. A. COCKLING*. I demand anew count
by the tellers.
The SPEAKER. On what ground?
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. On the ground that
there was a misapprehension on the part of my-
selfand other members voting.
The SPEAKER. When the tellers have no
difficulty about their report the gentleman hns no
right to demand a new count. A misapprehen-
sion by the gentleman is his own fault.
Mr. McKNIGHT called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the. main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered; and under its
operation the bill was read the third time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McKNIGHT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS-—Me>srs. William J. Alien, Ashley, Baker, Bax-
ter, Middle, Jacob B HJair, Koscoe ConMma, Conway, Oox.
Cutler. Dunn. E<hv;ud>, Samuel 0 Fo&sendi'ii, Thomas
A. I). Fmni'liot, Goodwin. Johnson, Komaan,
May. An-on P. Mon ill, iMoiris. Noiion, IVuiK'n. Olin, Tike,
Price, John H. Uko, Junui £. Kolhn*. Shanks, Sloan,
Stoven^. Fiance Thomas, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Wallaec,
and Albert 3. White—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Bally, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Blake, ISufimton, Calveit, Casey, Chamberlain, Clem-
ents. Cobb, Fiodoiick A. Conkling, Ciavens, Davis, Edger-
ton. Eliot. Englif.ii, Fenton, Gooeh, Granger, Grider, Halm,
Hale, Hauling, Harrison, Horton, Htitchins, Julian, Wil-
liam Kelloirir, Knapp, Law, Loomis, Lovejoy,Low, Mcln-
doe, McKcun, McKni^ht, McPheitoii, Mallory, Maynaid,
Menzies Moorhead, Nixon, Noell, Odeli, Patton, Pendle-
ton, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Itiddle, Edward H. liol-
1ms', t?ai«rem, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, William G-
Steele, Stiles, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Train, Tum-
ble, Trovvbiidjje, Verree,Toorhece, Wadsworth, Walker,
Washburne. Wheelei., Chilton A. White, Wickiifie, Wil-
son, Wmdom, Woodruff, Worcester, Wright, and Yea-
man—77.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. McKNIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate ha'd passed
House bills of the following titles:
Anact (No. 448) for therelief of Colonel Joseph
Paddock, without amendment; and
An act (No. 267) to divide the State of Michi-
gan into two judicial districts, and to provide for
holding the district and circuit courts therein, with
amendments; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
4*24) to amend the act entitled iC An act to estab-
lish and equalize the grades of line officers of the
United States Navy,"approved July 16, 1862; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrcnce of
the House.
STEPHEN N. BALDWIN.
Mr. NOBLE, from the Committee on Patents,
presented an adverse report on the petition of
Stephen N. Baldwin; which was laid on the table.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STEVNNS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to go to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
bills were taken from the Speaker's tabic, and
disposed of as indicated below:
ELIZABETH M. BAXTER.
An act (S. No. 514) for the relief of Elizabeth
M. Baxter, widow of the late Robert Baxter, sec-
ond lieutenant of the tenth regiment of Minnesota
volunteers.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension rolls the name of Elizabeth M. Bax-
ter, of St. Paul, Minnesota, at the rate of fifteen
dollars a month, from the 2d of September, 1862,
for and during her widowhood.
Mr. F. A . CONKLING. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest its reference to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. ALDRICH. Will the gentleman yield
for a moment?
The SPEAKER. It is a debatable question.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire to submit the facts
of this case to the House. Lieutenant Baxter's
company was ordered out by the Governor of the
State of Minnesota, before it was mustered into
the service of the United States, to suppress In-
dian hostilities, and he was killed in a fight with
the Indians. This bill is simply to place his
widow on the same footing as if her husband had
been regularly mustered into service. There is
no question in the world as to the widow of this
officer being entitled to a pension. I trust the gen-
tleman from New York will withdraw his motion
to refer, and let the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask whether this
is the usual pension allowed to widows of lieu-
tenants.
Mr. ALDRICH. It is.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I withdraw the mo-
tion to refer.
Mr. ALDRICH moved the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vb'te
by which the bill was passed; and also, moved,' to-
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERRY E. BROCCHUS.
The next business taken
up '
i the joint res-5-
olution (S. No. 114) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Perry E. Brocchus his
salary as judge of the supreme court of the United-
States for the Territory of New Mexico.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Perry E. Brocchus $664, for salary as Uni-
ted States judge for the Territory of New Mex-
ico from January 24, 1861, to April 31, 1861.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill be put
on its passage, and call the previous question on
its third reading.
Mr. ASHLEY. That bill makes an appro-
priation, and I suppose, therefore, must go to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 should like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if we did notkili this bill once ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not this bill.
Mr. McPHERSON. One on the subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the bill makes an appro-
priation, and must, therefore, go to a Committee
of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill provides a fund to be paid out of an ap-
propriation already made.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. In part.
Tht SPEAKER. In part for that purpose.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Certainly; I raise the
question that it must therefore go to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from New York 1 think misunderstands the ap-
plication of the words "in part." They refer to
an appropriation out of which this is to be paid,
which was in part made for another purpose.
The SPEAKER. The appropriation already
made was specific for this purpose, a part having
been expended for judicial purposes, as the Chair
undeistandsit. He therefore overrules the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. 1IUTCHINS. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the call for the previous question to enable
me to ask a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear my colleague's
question.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I wish to ask my colleague
if this bill has not already been voted on by the
House ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; not this bill.
Mr. McPHERSON. The same subject-matter
has, though.
Mr. BINGTHAM. Well, I hope gentlemen will
not be ashamed to do justice, and reconsider their
vote. I bog leave to say that this gentleman re*
ceived his appointment for the second time in 1861
as chief justice of a Territory, or at least as judge.
The organic act of the Territory of New Mexico
required the judges to take their oaths of office in
the Territory. The condition of the roads, how-
ever, were such that he could not reach there be-
fore he was removed from office by the incoming
Administration. He had made full and ample
preparations to carry his family over the plains
to that Territory, and was ready to take up his
journey thither. The cost of nis preparations
would neaily or quite cover the whole amount
appiopriatcd in the bill. If he had reached the
Territory and had taken the oath,he would have
drawn the money without this bill.
The question now is, whether, after appointing
this man and putting him to the expense of an
outfit in accoi dance with the usuage in such cases,
the Government will refuse to reimburse him for
the expense he incurred ?
I will say that the Comptroller of the Treasury,
lately deceased, as just and fair a man as ever
lived, referred this matter to Congress, because,
under the technical construction of the law, he
could not pay the money out of the Treasury, and
not because he did not believe the money in equity
due him. I call the previous question.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to say three or four words upon this
resolution, I will renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
