1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
izm
THE CONFISCATION LAW.
Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution;
upon which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Attorney General of the United States
be directed to repoit to tins liou5e whether the l.nv {or the
confiscation of the property of lebcls ha* been enforced In
the District of Columbia, ami if not, the reasons for tine de-
lay in the execution of that law.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, being put, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
NON-PAYMENT OP TROOPS.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Wheieas it is reported that more than .$-15,000,000 are
now due to the soldiers m the Army of the United Urates,
and tii.it lai«e numbers of them have not reeeived their pay
for more than six montus pa-H; and wheieas on the 25th
day of Febniaiy, 1^60, in addition to Treason y notes, the
Congress authotized the Secretary of the Treasury to i&-.ue
and -.r 11 the bonds* of the United States to the amount of
S^OOjOOO.OuU, to meet the habitues of the Government:
Theietofe,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury infoim the
House at the eailiest moment why hi«> Department has not,
as authoiized by law.provided the means neec^arv to pay
t!ie soldiers of the Armv, and prevent the great ptiolic injus-
tice of the unreasonable delay; and that lie int'eim the
House why said bonds, if necessary, have not been sold to
meet demands so mentorious, and so unreasonably and
unjustly delayed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAKE moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAKE withdrew his motion.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the resolution
upon the tabie.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, A&hlcy, Raker, Baxter, Iiea-
man, Bingham, Samuel S. Blah. Blake, Btiffuito:i, i'uin-
liam, (Jiatk, Conway. Davis, DuHl, Edijerton, Edwaids,
Eliot, 121 v, Thomas A. I) I'V-^enden, i-'isiici, flinehint.,
Kellf>, William Kelto«^. Lovetov, , Mci'hei-Mtn,
Maynatd, An^on P. Mouili. Ohn.Tiinotl>) G. ('help-, Pike,
Pomeioy, Kiddie, Ldwaui 11. lloil.ns, Sajpent. >en«vwck,
Sloan, Hpauldnnr. I'enjamiii i\ Tnumas, Tiani, Trimble,
Van llom, and VVaslnmui'—
NAY??— Mes^r-. Wuhnm Allen, Banv, Riddle. Jacob B.
Blair, William G. TJiown, Calvei;, ciiambeiLm, Clem-
ent^, Colfax, lio-coe ConMinfr, (.'onjinir, <"u\, Ciavens,
Cutler, Dtiulap, Dunn, Fi.nik, (Jooch, (Joodum, Grantor,
Gilder, Guii.'v, Hale. Hall, ([aiding, llaui>on. Holm in,
Johnson, Julum, Kdhwrfr, Knapp. Law, L izear, L-'Ui \,
Lehman, MeKimrht, JJ.dloiy, Mav, Menz.ie-, Mooihead.
Moms, Ni\osi, .Noble, Norton, Xuj^n, <nlel!, Pendleton,
Peri \, Portei, Alexand"i il Uiec, James Rollins, tfhanlv*,
Sheflield, Slieilabarqcr, Shi"l, Smith, Wuluim C
Stile>, L'lancis Thomas, Tiowlmdge, Vallai)di2haui, \ an
Valkenbuurh. Vibbard, Vooihee.s, Wad&vvoini, Wall, Wal-
lace, Webrtoi, Aib"it White, Wickhflc, Wik-on, Wm-
dom, Wood, and Woodruff—74.
So the House refused to Lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. McKNlGHT. i move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was ordered;
and if that motion prevails, I shall move to strike
out the closing woids of the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and th*"1 House re firmed
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the tnHe.
_ Mr. WAS1IBURNE. I wish to make a propo-
sition to the House.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order at this
time.
Mr. W ASH IJU RN E. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana if lie has any obiection to a
substitute for his i esolution which I have prepared.
The SPEAKER. Nothing can be done except
by unanimous consent. If the jrontleman desires
the Chair to ask that consent of the House, h^
will do so; but the gentleman from Indiana cannot
permit anything.
Mr. COX. i object to any debate.
The question was taken on the motion to recon-
sider, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McKNlGHT. I now move to amend the
resolution by striking out the words "and so
unreasonably and unjustly delayed," and I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the consent of the
House to make a single suggestion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I ?sk the unanimous consent
of the House to make a single suggestion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 9G; as follows:
\LAS—Me->r=. Bincham, Nurnham, Claik, Kdgerton,
Eliot, Thoma-* A. I). Fe^emlen, Hickman. Ilutchm.-*, Olm,
Timothy G. Phelps, lltddle, Kaicent, Sedqwick, Spaulding,
Steven-.,Van Horn, Wall, Wa-bbunie,and Worcester—19.
NAYS—Me>^ib. Aldnch, William Allen, Ancona, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Babbitt, Bail}', 1'aker, Baxter, Middle, Jacob
i B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair. Wake, William G. Biown,But-
finton, Calvert, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clement,Colfax,
Fredouek A. Conkhna, llo-.eoe Conkhng. Conway, Corn-
mc, Cox, Tiaveps, Cutler, Duel', Dunlap, Dunn, Edwards,
Ely, Samuel C. Fes^eiulen, 1'iank, Goods. Goodwin, Gtan-
ger.Glider.Guiley, 11 ale, Hall, llardms, llariLou,llolman,
Jonnson, Julian, \\Tilliam JveUoes?, lCoriisjan, ICilhnt'er,
ivnapp, L.iw, Luzear,Lcary, Lehman, Lovcjo^, MoKul^ht,
Mcpherson, Mallon,' Iua\", Jlcnzie", Mitchell, Mooriiead,
Atidon P. Mosrill, Morris, NoHe, Norton, Porrv, Pile, Pnm-
eroy, Poitcr, Alexander H. Rico, John II. itice, Piianks,
L>heffn'id, Shellabaiget, Smith, William ('•. tfteeh', Stiles,
Benjamin F.Thoina>, Pianch Thomas, Tiain. Tumble,
Trowbridge, \ ailaiidipmun, Van Vallcenbursii, Vibbaid,
Wadnvotth, Walkei, \Val!ace, Web-(er, Wheeler, Albert
fc>. White, Wickhlle, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff—96.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
Mr. WA5HBUR.NE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered,
for the purpose of offering an amendment to the
resolution, which will make it acceptable and ef-
fect the same object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question was taken,and the House refused
to lay the motion on the table.
; The question recurred or. the motion to recon-
ii .sider, and it was agreed to.
il Mr. WASHBUiOsiE. I now offer the fullow-
,! ing as a substitute for the resolution, and move
11 the previous question on its adoption:
i He-solved, That the Hecieiarv of the Tieasury inform the
i! Ilou-r w!iv tlx' Tn-a^nry I)epaitiii'*nt ha«- not, a4- author-
i' i/ed bv law, provided th" me,in> necessary to pav thesol-
11 diersoftne Anny, and ai^o intb.in the ilou^e whylhe bomL,
,! iI neei'OMij^, have not bteu sold «o meet the payments due
j the 5-aid ^oldieis.
i: Mr. HOLMAN. Docs a motion to lay the sub-
ji stitute on the table carry the resolution with it?
The SPEAKER, h does.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on agreeing to
the substitute.
Mr. ilOLMAN. I wish to make a simple in-
quiry m regard to this substitute. I ask thegen-
! t! man iiom Illinois whether there is any other
1 change nu-dein tho repoiution than in the striking
: out ( f it'" wordb 4' unreasonably and unjustly
(b bayed-"
i Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot toll exactly.
' The srentSt man from Indiana heard the amend-
ii ment read, and knows what his own resolution
;i was, and can judge of that matter as well as 1
! can.
!' Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman fioni Illinois
' k'lvAv'svery wli that nothing luts been struck nut
of the original resolution except the words " un-
reasonably and unjustly delayed."
The question was taken on the substitute, and
it was ngr<d to.
Tiie question recurred on the resolution as
nm'uuled.
Mr. LOVEJOV demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The auts'.ion was taken; and it was decided m
the aiiiimative—ye^s 122, nays 3; aa follows:
Ajdnel.. Wi'iham AlUm. Alley, Arnold,
A^hi'v. n.iboitt. B.'-lift. ilaxtei. Biddl*1. Jacob ii. Ulan,
Samuel ^ ulaa, B.aVe, Wdh.un G. Hiow n. BulRnton. Cal-
veit, Can.pleU^ Ca^-e), (Miai.ibeiKa:;, CleiiKnn, CoIi.lx,
Freuep'-k A. CConkhe":, Coruvr.v. Corn-
inir, Cox, Cravens. (J. afield, Cutler. Davis, Duell, Uunlap,
I)unn, Udsfcrton, Edwards, Cnot, Eiy, Samuel C. Feiaun-
d«'n, Tnoiflru A. i>. Fe~>uid«'iii> Fiabtsr. FrauiX, Goocjj^
Goodwin, Grander, Gurley, Hale, Harding, Harrison, llol-
man. Ilor'oo, Hutebins, Julian-, Kelley, VVOHam Kellogg,
Kilhnger, Knapp, Lanshm, Law, Lazea^ljeaiy, Lehman,
Loomi-i, Ijovcjoy, Low, MeKean, SIcKmght, McPherson,
IMailoty, Mavnard. Mcnzics, Moorbf-ad, Anson P. Morrill,
Justin's. Morrill, Morns, Nixon, Noble, Noel I, Norton,
Nugen, Odell, Ohu. Pafton, Pendieton, Pony, Timothy. G.
Phelps Pike, Pomeroy, Poiter, Aloxaadei lj. Ilict*, Jolm
H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II I'oliin< , James S. Rollins,
Sargent, Sednvvick, Seirar, Shnuk>, Sheliabarger, Sloan,
^inith, William G. Steele, Ptratton. Benjamin F.Thomas,
France Thomas, T:rdr, Tiimble, Tiowhridsre, Van Horn,
Van Valkenbuigh, Vcrree, Vihbard, Wad.-avorth, Walker,
Wall, Wallace, Washbume, Webster, Wheeler, Albert B.
White, Wihon, Woodruff, Worcester, and Ycawan—
NAYS—JMessas Bingham, Ilaight. and Hickman—3.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. IlOLMAN moved to reconsider the volo
by which the resolution, as amended, wasadopted;
and also moved to Jay the motion to reconsider an
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, joint res-
olution H. R. No. 125, to grant the use of a por-
tion of Judiciary square for afr^e library and read-
ing-room for soldiers; when the Speaker signed
the same.
VIRGINIA SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
Mr. SEGAR. I lise to a privileged question.
I hold in my h&nd the certificate of the election of
Hon. John Jj. McClocd, from the second con-
gressional district of Virginia. It is the usual proc-
ii lamation and certificate by Governor Pierpont, of
j! Virginia; and on that paper, I move that the gen-
ii tleman be sworn in, and be permitted to take his
i! seat in the House.
j] Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the papers be
il referred to the Committee of Elections.
'! Mr. BLAIll, of Virginia. I ask that the proc-
j! lamation of Governor Pierpont be read.
\\ The proclamation was read, certifying that at
Il an election hekl December22, 18G2, in the second
II congressional district of Virginia, for a Repre-
!| sentntivc in the Thirty-Seventh Congress of the
!i United States, a majority of the votes cast were
Jj given for John B. McCloud; and declaring that
11 said Joiin B. McClocd was duly elected as uRep-
|j resentatjvein the Thirty-Seventh Congress of the
j; United States.
lj The question was taken on the motion to refer,
and it was agreed to.
|j Mr. BLAIR,ofVirginia. I move that the same
ji privilege which has been extended to other mem-
!; bers applying for seats on this floor be extended
i to Mr. McCloud.
There being no objection, the privilege of the
floor was granted to Mr, McClovd.
NATIONAL CUlUtKNCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill (H. R. No. 65G) to provide a national cur-
rency, secu red by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to pnmdcfor the cuculation and redemption
thereof; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the considera-
tion of the bill be postponed till Friday of next
week.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. As the matter is to be con-
sidered in the House at a future day, L withdraw
mv motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
HOUSES LOST IN TUIfl SERVICE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of UlmoiR, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to amend an act
f-ntitied " An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States,"so as to
provide for the payment for horses captuied by
or sunendered to the enemy; which was read a
first and secmd time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Alt.tlY SUTLERS.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the act of March 19,
186^, to provide for ihc appointment of sutlers in
the volunteer service, and to define their duties;
which was re&d a first and second time, and re-
ferred to thy Committee on Military Affairs,
