1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175*
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was oidered to athird reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that Tuesday evening1 next may be
set aside for the consideration of business reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
ENROLLING THE NATIONAL FORCES, ETC.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes.
The bill was mad a first and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. COX. 1 call for the reading of the bill at
length.
The Clerk commenced to read the bill, but was
interrupted by
Mr. STEVENS, who said: I ask unanimous
conscnt to make a suggestion in reference to this
bill. The bill, as it came from the Senate, has not
yet been printed. 1 find that the one we have on
our table is not the real bill upon which we are
about to act.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the bill has been printed.
Mr. COX. Only the bill as it was introduced
into the Senate has been printed, but not the bill
as modified by the Senate. The House ordered
the bill to be priutedyesterday morning, but it has
not been brought up to the House from the print-
ing office.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to suggest, in refer-
ence to tins bill, that under the demand for the
previous question, but before it is seconded, the
bill shall, by common consent, go over until Mon-
day.
Mr, OLIN. I desire that the bill shall gn over
until r;omc eaily day, but 1 want it made the spe-
cial order for the day to winch it shall go over, in
otder that it may be taken up and disposed of
then. If chatcannot be done, I want to go on with
the bill now. I made a motion at an early day,
indeed as soon as the bill came to the House,that
it be printed and laid before the House. That mo-
tion was objected to, and the printing of the bill
was prevented. I now wish that the bill may be
laid before the House in printed form so that
everybody may see it; but I do not wish its con-
sideration deferred beyond a period of time in
which we may certainly reach it, and act upon it;
and, to suit my purposes, I indicate Monday as
the day to which it shall be postponed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So far as I am per-
sonally concerned I would be perfectly willing to
postpone the biU until Monday or some other day.
It cannot be postponed to an earlier day than
Monday, of course, but I object to its being made
a special order. Being postponed it ran come up
and be acted on, but 1 object to giving it the ad-
vantage arising from making it a special ordctf*.
Mr. OLIN. It would have no advantage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The passage of the
bill through the Senate without a call of the yeas
and nays was, I am informed, merely accidental,
and not becausc there was not a determined op-
position to it. I desire to be heard in opposition
to it, as well as other gentlemen upon this side,
and I trust gentlemen upon the other side will
extend that opportunity to us.
Mr. OLIN. We will give you a hearing; but
we desiie that the House shall act upon the bill
at an early day.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let it be postponed
until Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. OLIN. If it can be acted upon after the
morning hour 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Postpone it until
after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. On some Mondays there
would be no morning hour. In order to avoid
confusion it would be desirable to fix upon adefi-
nite hour.
Mr. OLIN. "Would it be agreeable to the House
to postpone it until two o'clock on Monday ?
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman give me his
ear? This bill has not been printed m the shape
in which it passed the Senate. It will be brought
in in printed form on Monday, and then we shall
have a chance to examine it. Suppose the gen-
tleman fixes on Tuesday for calling it up, with-
out making it the special order. We will then be
entirely content to have the discussion go on, and
afterwards the House can take such action as they
please.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
there is a special order for Tuesday.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I trust, by unanimous
consent, the bill will be postponed until Monday
at one o'clock. [Cries of "Agreed," Agieed."]
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 shall object unless we can
have it a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope my colleague
will not object. Let the bill be postponed until
Monday, with the understanding that it shall be
taken up at one o'clock. In the mean time it will
be printed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is satisfac-
tory, of course.
Mr. OLIN. There will be no objection to that.
There being no further objection, the bill was
postponed until Monday at one o'clock.
FRAUDS UPON TUB GOVERNMENT.
Senate bill (No. 467) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the United States Government was next
taken from the Speaker's table and read a firstand
second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill be
referred to the special committee on Government
contracts.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTRACT BROKERAGE KY OFFICIALS.
Senate bill (No. 473) to amend an act entitled
"An act to prevent members of Congress and of-
ficers of the Governmentof the United States from
taking considerations for procuring contracts, of-
fice, or place from the United States, and for other
purposes," was next taken from the Speaker's
table and read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the provisions of said act
shall he so construed as to embrace any agent of
the Government of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move that 'it be re-
ferred to the special committee on Government
contiacts.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Wasiiburne was not
agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LETTERS OF MARQUE, ETC.
Senate bill (No. 393) concerning letters of
marque, piizes, and prize goods, was next taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
• Mr. COX. I move to refer that bill to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will be passed.
Mr. COX. If this bill is to be urged upon its
passage, I would like about ten minutes m which
to discuss it.
The SPEAKER. The question of reference is
a debatable question.
DISPENSING WITH EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the gentleman com-
mences his remarks, I desire to ask the consent
of the House to consider the question of dispens-
ing with the evening recess and of extending the
present session until seven o'clock.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object. That
is too long a time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will say six o'clock.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will modify my proposi-
tion, and say ?ix o'clock.
Mr. CONWAY. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will say five o'clock, if
there be no objection to that.
Mr. CONWAY. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. BLAKE. I object to that.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman from
Kansas withdraw his objection to six o'clock ?
Mr. CONWAY. I will.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then I renew my proposi-
tion for six o'clock.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed.
LETTERS OF MARQUE, ETC.
Mr. COX. I was in hope that some arrange-
ment might have been made to save us the trouble
of coming here this evening.
I do not propose to take up much time in dis-
cussing this measure or the question of reference.
I believe, if the House understood the effect of
this bill, which is in fact a bill for introducing a
system of privateering as against foreign nations,
they^would refer it for the purpose of having it
further considered by the proper committee, in
order that it mightbe more deliberately considered
by the House itself. This bill is introduced at
this time not-so much as a measure against rebels
m arms. It is in reality a threat to be held trt
tcrrorem over enemies in any future war with the
maritime nations of Europe. This bill proposes
the issuing of letters of marque and reprisal against
the commerce of our domestic enemy; but that
enemy has no commerce of any consequence
which we can, by privateering or by publicarmed
cruisers, seize. All the significance this bill has
is simply as a threat against foreign nations in
case "of a future war with them. I think that a
measure of that kind, upon which so many con-
sequences depend, ought at least to be referred to
a committer, that it may have the same considera-
tion which was given to it in the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
whether he legards it as any more a threat than
the naval appropriation bill providing for an in-
creased naval force?
Mr. COX. Very much more. It is altogether
different in character. I will say to the gentle-
man from Tennessee that never in the history of
this country, and never in the history of Great
Britain, has a law been passed for issuing letters
of marque and reprisal except in case of actual
war—never. Such, too, has been the action of the
British Parliament upon this subject. The law
passed by us in 1812 for issuing letters of marque
and reprisal expired when the treaty of peace was
made. But this bill proposes to empower the Pres-
ident at any future time, whenever we may be en-
gaged many war, to authorize the issue of letter.3
of marque and reprisal. It is true the letters of
marque are limited to three years, but the bill em-
powers the President, in case of a war hereafter
to bo made, or in case ivar exists, to authorize the
issuing of letters of marque and reprisal.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to divert my
friend from Ohio from the hne of his remarks; but
he will allow me to at>k him whether it is not true
that this Government proposed, during the ad-
ministration of President Pierce, to unite in the
treaty of Paris on the condition that private prop-
erty on the sea should be placed on the same foot-
ing as private property on land, and whether that
proposition was not rejected in the convention at
Pans? Is it not, then, proper that our Government
shall declare what will be its future naval policy
in case of war with any other Power? Is it not
right that we should pass this law as a declaration
of what that policy will be if we mean to adhere
to the traditional policy of the country?
Mr. COX. I take great pleasure in answer-
ing the gentleman from Tennessee. He speaks
of the "traditional policy"of thiscountry. Now,
1 hold that the traditional policy of this country
in reference to privateering and to private prop-
erty on the sea is that private property shall be
protected on the sea even as upon the land against
spoliations from any quarter, whetherfrom public
armed cruisers or from privateers. I need only
refer the gentleman to the treaty made by Dr.
| Franklin with Prussia at the beginning of our
Government, which contains a mutual stipulation
against privateering. That doctrine was indorsed
by Washington, Franklin, Jefferson, and Mad-
ison. It was indorsed by John Q,uincy Adams
in an official letter which he wrote about the time
of the meeting of the congress of Panama. It
