288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that House bill No.
635, making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1864, be made a
special order until disposed of. I believe that it
lost its place yesterday.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Holman
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H.R. No. 635) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th of June,
1861; the question beingon the amendmentoffered
by Mr. Roscoe Conklikk, to add to the clause
on page 34, "for compensation of thirty-three
commissioners, at $3,000each, and eleven clerks,
at $1,200 each,$112,200," the following proviso:
Provided, A sufficient sum shall be collected m tfio insur-
rectionary Slates to pay said salaries : rfnd -providedfurther.
That no greater sum shall at any tune bn paid losaid com-
missioners?, or to any ot them, than shall haw* been col-
lected from the taxes m the in-surroctionaiy State?, and
paid into the Trcastuy ot'the United States.
Mr.DUNLAP. I propose to amend theamend-
•ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ros-
coe Conkling,] by striking out the entire section,
embracing lines eight hundred and four to eight
hundred and seven, inclusive, as follows:
For compensation of thiity-throc commissioners, at
$.3,000 cach, and eleven cleiks, at $l,-300 each, $11:2.000.
Mr. Chairman, 1 think the appropriation em-
braced in this section is a misinterpretation, for
the present at least, of the act which is intended
to be carried out by it. If not a misinterpretation,
it is evidently premature at this time. Upon the
reading of the act, it seems that the President has
the power to appoint three commissioners. But
the appointment of such commissioners is not by
the language of the act made compulsory. He
may make it, however, upon a certain contin-
gency, which is defined by the succeeding section,
which is as follows:
"That the said board of tax commissioners shall ent^r
upon the discharge ot the duties of their olfiee whenever the
commanding general of the loices of the United States, en-
tering tnto any msut iccuonary State or dntuct, MiaJI hu\e
established tho militaiy authonty of the United Stato<
throughout any parish, or district' ot eoimtv of tho same ;
and they shall open one oi moie othccs lor the transaction
of busmen."
Now, Mr. Chairman, in the insurrectionary
States up to this time, 1 suppose, the Committee
of Ways and Means have not been informed of
any such offices having been opened or organised
for the purposes contemplated by this act. If,
then, there be no such office, shall wo proceed now
to make an appropriation of §112,000 for the pay-
ment of offices to be filled hereafter? Whenever
the President shall proceed hereafter to make ap-
pointments to these offices, it must be upon the
contingency described in the section of the aer
which I have read in the heanng of the committee.
It will be said, however, by the friends of the
measure, that the appropriation of the money at
this time will do no harm. I speak, sir, upon an
experience of the proceedings of this body as a gen-
eral rule, that appropriations made by this House
have always been exhausted—not improperly ex-
hausted, perhaps; but, as a general rule, have not
only been exhausted, but a large deficit has been
called for time and again, to provide for the same
contingency, 1 think, therefore, that it would be
unwise in us to make an appiopriation in view of
a contingency that mav occur.
Mr. MAYNARD. 'i will say, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Kentucky, that I
understand m point of fact such commissioners
have been appointed in South Carolina, and per-
haps in Tennessee. And let me say further, that
no payments can be made out of this appropria-
tion unless the appointments are made and the
officers actually enter upon the performance of
their duties.
Mr. DUNLAP. It is very true that payments
will not be made out of this appropriation unless
the appointments are made and they enter upon
the discharge of their duties. I willingly yield to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee
that so far as control has been obtained over mil-
itary districts and appointments made, appropri-
ations should he made for the payment of the sal-
aries of the officers so appointed, and I am willing
to see appropriations made to cover any contin-
gency that is contemplated under the actio which
I have referred.
I, for one, am decidedly in favor of the collec-
tion of this tax. I want that understood. I do
not want it to be asserted that I am opposed to
the collection of this tax. It is due to the G-ov-
ernmentthat every citizen within the limits of that
Government shall contribute his mite to main-
tain it.
While I am upon this subject, let me make an-
other remark. 1 would not, Mr. Chairman, say j
aught offensive to the gentleman from the Lan-
caster district of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] j
but I propose to speak plainly in regard to the sug- !
gestion made by him a few days ago, touching the j
amendmentofthegentleman fromNew York [Mr. i
Roscoe Conkling.] By indirection, he would ,
rebuke the gentleman from New York for the ;
amendment he proposed, by using terms so strong ,
that they cannot be misinterpreted: that had that j
amendment originated upon the other side (this '
side) of the House, it would have been proper for '
him to consider it, and the motive which prompt- !
ed it.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will per- ;
mit me; what I did say on the occasion to which !
the gentleman refers was that if the proposition ,
of the gentleman from New Yoik had come fiom !
the other side of the llouse, I would not have
been surpiised.
Mr. DUNLAP. lie would not have been sur-
prised if it had sprung from this side of the House; ;
by which remark the gentleman, 1 presume, in- ;
tended evidently to cast a rebuke upon this side 1
of the House. Now, sir, I object to any dcclara- ;
lion of that character. And 1 want to say to the ■
gentleman from Pennsylvania that when he makes ;
this bioad assertion to this side of tho House, I I
feel myself, in my heart, exempt from any such i
insinuation. I
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman indulge '
me fui a moment futthcr? The lemark which I \
made, 1 thought was very proper, because the |
same proviso m substance was offered by a gen- !
tleman from Kentucky at the time the b:!l of the j
last session was under consideration. The gen- '
tleman then offered the same amendment, provid- !
mg for the very same thing; and I had the right, |
therefore, to say that if it had come from that side i
of the House I should not have been surprised. !
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Thegentlcman will allow j
me to correct him. The amendment which I i
offeied, so far as 1 recollect, was that no salary
should be paid to these officers until they had
gone to work. j
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment offered by !
the gentleman is reported to be in these words:
JPVoi tc'cd, That if in any of <;aid distneN the commi*-
•siouei* d>  not collect a«< much money as will be equal to
the amount ot their salaries m the aggregate for anyone
\ ear, the amount so coliceted shall be apportioned among ■
them, and shall be m full of any claim for compensation.''' :
Mr. DUNLAP. I have nothing to do with any .
amendment that may have been offered many
months ago upon a bill which may have been then '
pending. The proposition now has relation to ,
appropriations proposed to be made to carry out
the provisions of that bill; and m that connection
1 was commenting upon the inference which must 1
of necessity be dtawn from the remark of the gen- !
tleman from Pennsylvania, to which I have re-
ferred, relative to this side of the House. i
Mr. Chui inian, we have been forced, from ab- '
solute necessity, by the previous question being j
called upon us, to submit to declarations made by '
one gentleman upon this floor from the State of;
Pennsylvania, [Air. H ickma\tJ m language of this I
character: that the border States, "(specifically |
naming my own native State of Kentucky,) are !
bound to this Union by fear. That they were '
continuing in the suppmt of the Union, not from !
motives of devotion to country, or patriotism, '
but by fear. When that sentiment was uttered,
promptly themember yielded the floor to friend !
who called the previous question; and in silence >
the delegation from Kentucky sat here and had
to acquiesce or submit according to the rules or ,
forms of legislation in this body.
Sir, let me say to that gentleman, that 1 stand .
here to-day to defend Kentucky, a State as loyal
and as true to this Government as any State in
this great Union. I will say to him that we have
in that State one hundred and thirty-five thousand
men subject to military duty. Of that number—
I confess with shame—aboutone third is disloyal.
Some of them are actively in the field against the
Government, some aie silent sympathizers with
the rebellion, and some are propagating a feeling
of hostility toward the Government. We have
in Kentucky about ninety thousand loyal men
subject to military duty. We have now forty-
tluee regiments actively in the service for the
Union, and on every battle-field where Govern-
ment officers have led them they have fully and
fairly discharged their duty, their high trust to
thecountiy, We have, therefore, m Kentucky
every other loyal man in the State subject to mil-
itary duty actively engaged in the service—not
of the State, but of the Union. But we have, in
addition to these, some three thousand seven hun-
dred men, under the patronage of the State, en-
gaged in the support of the Union. And more
than this: in the other end of the Capitol to-day,
Kentucky is struggling for the acceptance by this
Government of twenty thousand additional forces
which she tenders to the country to relieve it from
the ruin into which it is now plunged. When you
speak about the loyalty of Kentucky, you will
find three fourths of her men subject to bear arms
now engaged or ready to be engaged in support
of this> Government. Without making invidious
comparisons, I challenge any gentleman from any
other State to present a para I lei 111 this respect with
Kentucky, when you take into consideration the
whole military strength of the State.
Then, sir, let it never more be said upon this
floor that the delegation from Kentucky is em-
braced in the number of those to whom, upon this
side of the House, disloyal feeling is imputed.
Mr. Chairman, when I entered this Hall I took
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. In my conscience I determined to be true
to that oath, to be true to that Constitution, and
to the Govcrnmentof the United States. As soon
as this unhappy war broke out, 1 took my stand
with tho Government, and against those who
would distract and divide it. I took no stand in
favor of the rebellion. I sympathized not for one
moment with any feeling which would plunge my
country into a civil war. I never will consent to
the destruction of the Government which is my
protection, and which is my only hope for the
future. But how is it with other gentlemen ? How
is it with those who charge disloyalty upon us?
I have not said, and the Kentucky delegation has
never said, as was said by the gentleman fiom the
Lancaster district of Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vfa's,] the other day, when he cast his vote in
favor of the admission of the State of West Vir-
ginia into the Union, that he did so not because
there was any constitutional guarantee for that
act, but, on the contiary, in language not to be
misinterpreted, because there was no such con-
stitutional guarantee. He stated that he cast his
vote for the admission of West Vugiiiid upon the
ground of absolute military necessity, upon the
ground of policy and expediency. Shall policy
and expediency, then, override the Constitution,
and those who have sworn to support that instru-
ment? I have never said,as the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania has said, that he was opposed to
the reestablishment of this Government if slavery
was to be retained as one of the domestic institu-
tions of the country. If that be his sentiment, if
the Union cannot be restored withoutthedestruc-
tion of slavery, is he not, then, a disumonist at
heart? Is he not a disunionist ptr se ? Of this I
think there can be no doubt.
Mr. Chairman, I feel warm on this subject. I
cannot help it, for I dislike to be classified among
those who are charged with sympathizing with
this rebellion. I come from a section of the coun-
try, mountainous though it be, and sparsely set-
tled, the loyalty of whose people is unquestioned
and undoubted. Their devotion to the L nion is as
firm and unchangeable as tin* granite lulls ainul
which they dwell. More than two thirdsof those
in my disuict who aie able to bear ai ms are now
in the field, fighting on the side of the Govern-
ment. Others of them are willing to go. We Uvo
upon the borders. We have been subject to raids
by the enemy. Guerrilla parties have invaded us
so frequently that there is scarcely a morsel for
