1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that this bill will not be
referred at all; but that the House will act upon it
now and pass if as it came from the Senate, where
the subject has been thoroughly discussed.
Mr. SEDGWICK- I amend my motion by re-
ferring this bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs
with leave to report at any time after the morning
hour, and on that motion I move the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I accept the amendment.
The question was taken, and the motion, as
modified, was agreed to.
WISCONSIN CIKCUIT COUltT.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a privileged question,
1 call up my motion to reconsider the vote by
which Senate bill No. 407, to fix the terms of the
circuit court in the district of Wisconsin, was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move that the House
non-concur in the amendment of the Senate to the
House amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House appoint
a committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
TENSIONS.
Senate bill (No. 428) to facilitate proof for the
allowance of pensions, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. GOODWIN. I move to refer that bill to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to suggest that that
bill ought to go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. 1 have examined the bill somewhat, and
it contains some important provisions, which I
think should be considered maturely before it is
passed bv the House.
Mr. GOODWIN. So I think; and it was for
that reason 1 made the motion to refer it to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, who have had the
matter somewhat under consideration, and will
report .some amendments to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman by referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
bill will not be sent to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. They are already overloaded with busi-
nesvs.
Mr. JOHNSON. The bill provides for the ap-
pointment of a commissioner for the purpose of
taking testimony in relation to applications for
pensions, and 1 think it is important that the per-
son to be appointed should be a legal gentleman.
There is no provision in the bill regulating the fees
to be given to the commissioner, and that is an im-
portant point, which ought to be settled definitely
in the bill.
It is important, too, that there should be a com-
missioner appointed to this office who is compe-
tent to take testimony, who understands the laws
of evidence, otherwise we will have large bundles
of testimony returned to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions not. at all applicable to the case.
Neither is there any provision of the bill for the
services of the commissioner when he is obliged to
travel from his residence or his office. It strikes
me there ought to be a provision for mileage for the
commissioner, for it is not every applicant for a
pension who is able to come to the commissioner
to give his testimony and bring his proof. If there
is no provision m the bill regulating the fees of the
commissioner, I think it will be found oppressive
to the applicants.
These are all questions of a judicial character
which, I think, should be examined by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and I have therefore made
the motion to refer the bill to that committee with-
out knowing who are the members of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and without knowing
who are all the members of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, in the cluur.) The question will be
fit st on referring the bill to the Committee on the
Judicial y.
Mr. WHITE,of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. I understand that where motions are
made to refer a bill to different standing commit-
tees they must be put in the order in which they
arc made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the rule to be that where motions are
made to refer to standing committees the question
is to be put in the order of amendment.
Mr. GOODWIN. I will say again that the
Committee on Invalid Pensions have considered
this bill, in part, without having it formally before
them. It seems to them that some important
amendments should be made, and some of them
of the character suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The amendments they have pre-
pared they will be ready to submit whenever the
bill can again properly come before the House.
I hope, therefore, the bill will be referred to that
committee.
The question was taken on the amendment to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and it was decided in the negative.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to amend the mo-
tion by providing that they have leave to report
at any time.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. After the morning
hour ?
Mr. HARRISON. Yes, sir, after the morning
hour.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to that.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
UNITED STATES JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Senate bill-No. 494, to give greater efficiency
to the judicial system of the United States was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move that
the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the agree-
mentof the House to continue in session until five
o'clock, the Chair hardly thinks the motion in
order.
The bill was road, as follows:
Be it enacted, That whenever the judge of the Su-
preme Coiut for any circuit, from dib.ilnJity, absence, the
accumulation of business m the circuit court m any dis-
trict within his circuit, or irom his having been of counsel
orbenm intei ested in any case pending in such circuit court,
or from any other cau-e, shall deem it advisable that the
circuit coint m such district shall be hoMen by the judge
of any oilier circuit, he may request, in writing, the judge
of any other circuit to hold the cacuit court in such dis-
trict, during a time to be named m s ueh request; and such
request shall be entered upon the journal or the circuit couit
so to be holden. And thereupon it nhall be lawful for the
judge f'O requested to hold the circuit coutt in such district,
and to exercise all the powers of the judge of such ciicuit
within and for Mich district during the time named in such
lequest.
Sec. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That the judge, of any
circuit may ordei any civil cau^e certified into any circuit
couit within hih circuit from any court of the United States,
to be certified back to the couit whence it came ; and iu
buch case such cause shall be proceeded in by such court,
in all respects, as if the Mime had not been certified from
it: Provided, That if Irom any cause it shall be mipioper
Cor the judge of such court to try any such cause so certi-
fied back, the same shall bo tned by some other judge hold-
ing such court, puisuant to the piovwons of this act.
Whenever, by reason of death ot resignation, there shall
bu no judge of any circuit, the chief ju-tice of the Supreme
Court of the United Suites may make the requests herein
provided for, which shall be operative until hueh cncuit
shall be assigned to another judge. In case of a vacancy
in the office of martial or district attorney m any circuit,
the judge of such circuit may fill such vacancy, and the
person ^o appointed shall serve until an appointment shall
be made by the President, and the appointee lias duly qual-
ified. and no iongei ; and the marshal so appointed shall
give bond as if appointed by the President, and the bond
ftiall be appioved by  ueh judge. The appointment so made
shall he in writing. and Mich writing shall be filed in the
clerk's otfice of the circuit court, and a copy thereof shall
be entered upon the journal of f>ueli couit. The clerk of
cverv coui t f-hall give bond in such sum as niav he fixed by
the court, with sniene.s to be approved by the court, and a
new bond may be leqmied whenever the court shall deem
if pioper th.itVuch bond shall be given. Every marshal's
bond so given shall be filed m the office of the clerk of the
circuit court, and a copy thereof entered upon the journal
of the court. A copy of eveiv bond given by a clcik shall
be entered on the inurnal of the court (or which he is ap-
pointed, and the bond '•hall be deposited for safe-keeping
as the court may dnect. A certified copy o( Mich entry
shall be prima fucic pioot of the execution of such bond,
and of the contents {hereof-
Sec- 3. dm! be it further enacted) That all act and [/arts
£f acts inconsistent with the provisions ot thu act bo, and
the sameate heieby, repealed.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the gentleman to
yield for a moment to permit me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I yield for that purpose,
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 move to add the follow-
ing at the end of the bill:
Sec—.dnd be it farther enacted, That the district court
of the United States shall have the same cognizance of ail
cases in admiralty and maritime jurisdiction arising upon
the lakes and navigable waters connecting the same that
is now possessed and exorcised in like cases arising upon
the high seas or upon the public waters within the admiralty
or maritime jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I now withdraw the mo-
tion to refer, and demand the previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved the previous ques-
tion on the passageof the bill.
The previous*question was seconded.
The hour of five having arrived, the Speaker
pro tempore)declared the House adjourned until
Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 23, 1863.
Prayer by the Rev. R. McMuedy, D. D., of
Kentucky.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, and by unanimous
consent,the reading of the Journal wasdispensed
with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 15th of January, information in rela-
tion to the war steamers Ossipee and Pensacola,
and the construction and operation of their ma-
chinery; which wasordered to lie on the table,and
be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, returning, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
^lst instant, the papers relating to the claim of A.
J. Atoche; which was ordered to lie on the table.
SMITHSONIAN ItEPOUT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution, showing the oper-
ations, expenditures, and condition of that Insti-
tution for the year 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing1:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the re-
port of the SmitliMinian Institution for 1862 be printed; two
thousand tor the use of the Smithsonian Jiii-mution, and
ihtee thousand for the use of the Senate: Provided, That the
aggregate number of pages contained in -slid report shall not
exceed four hundted and fifty pages, without wood-cuts or
plates, except those furnished by the Institution.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempers presented a let-
ter of the Governor of Kansas, communicating
concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of that
State, expressing approval of the present policy
of the Federal Administration, and a determina-
tion to sustain the Government in its effoits to
suppress the rebellion; which, on motion of Mr.
Lane, of Kansas, were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of an act of Con-
gress explanatory of the true intent and meaning
of the act admitting Kansas into the Union as a
State, particularly in reference to the donation of
lands to new States as provided by the act ap-
proved September 4, 1841; which, on motion of
Mr. Laxe, of Kansas, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W1LMOT presented a petition of inspect-
ors of customs, revenueagents, and other attaches
connected with the port of Philadelphia, praying
for an increase in their compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Mrs.
Mary A. Hyde, widow of Lieutenant Henderson
Ridgely, United States Army, praying for ai rears
