THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 10,1863.
New Series No. IG.
thisHouse,and through the Globe,to the country,
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania does not
represent the party with which he acts, or the Ad-
ministration of the Government at this time. The
party on that side of the House have sat quietly,
and heard the strange doctrines enunciated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania this morning, with-
out one word of protest against those doctrines. I
therefore take it that he is the exponent of the
opinions of the dominant party in the United
States at this time.
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Sneaker 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. MALLOUY. 1 am holding the floor by
the courtesy of t he gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BLAKE. Let me have the floor just for
a moment.
Mr. MALLORY. J decline to yield.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky declines to yield,.I think that he should
withdraw the remark that he made.
Mr. MALLORY, 1 do not withdraw the
remark.
Mr. COLFAX. Then the gentleman should
have the courtesy to yield for a disavowal.
Mr. MALLORY. I call the gentleman from
Indiana to order. I say again that I do not know
by what right the gentleman from Tennessee 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 lise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the subject-mat-
ter before the committee.
The CE-IAIftWAN. The point of order raised
by the gentleman from Indiana is that the debate
is not pertinent to the subject-matter before the
committee.
Mr. COLFAX. I should not make the point
if the gentleman from Kentucky had yielded the
floor, as I thought he should have done; but a«
lie refused to yield, 1 do make the point.
The CH AIMM AN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana insist on his point of order?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. May I be
allowed to say a word on the point of ordei ?
There was no objection.
Mr. TIIOMAS, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion before the committee is whether we shall
appropriate $112,000 for the purpose of collect-
ing taxes*as.sessed under the Constitution of the
United States, and in conformity witli its prows-
ions, on what are now called the seceded States.
Of course, therefore, the relations which those
States sustain to the Union, and the question of
our power as a Government over those States, are
directly involved m the question of this appropri-
ation. Now, Mr. Chairman, my doctrine is that
rvei y act of secession that has been passed in this
country, whether it has been maintained by armed
force or not, is utterly void, and of no eiFect.
[Voices from the Democratic side. "Good!"
v( Good !" " That is right!"]
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
1 am perfect! jr willing that every gentleman shall
speak 
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Well, do
not always select me as the object of your ques-
tions of ordei.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, let him go on; we
have nothing else to do.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order;
and I do not conceive that the gentleman from
Massachusetts has any right to lecture me on the
subject.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
lecture the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. My point of order is, that the
point of ordei pending is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is de-
batable; but the gentleman from Massachusetts
will, of course, confine himself to the point of
ouler. and not extend his remarks to subjects out-
side of the question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I think the
subjects discussed are necessarily involved in the
question.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Mas-
16
sachusetts will yield to me a moment, 1 will put
an end to this discussion, and forego what I had
intended to say.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I merely
wish to finish this proposition. My position is,
Mr. Chairman, that the power of the national
Government is supreme 
Mr. HUTCHINS. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I knew the
gentleman would jump up in a moment. [Laugh-
tor.]
Mr. HUTCHINS. My point of order is, that
the question of order is not debatable.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That point
of order has been overruled oncc already.
Mr. IIUTCIIINS. Then 1 appeal from that
decision.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Oh, no! don't do that.
That is too hard. [Laughter.]
TheCHAlRMAN. It seems to be the better
opinion that the point of order is not strictly de-
batable. The Chair therefore sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS. I will forego my intention to
say anything further; and as this debate is imi-
ning us into difficulties, 1 move that the com-
mittee do now li.^e, in order that we may close
debate.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot with-
draw the privilege extended to me.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts can have five minutes after the committee
goes into session again.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. That will
not do me. f will want seven or eight minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stt.v ens] had the floor, and yielded
it to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mal-
lorv.] The gentleman from Pennsylvania has
an undoubted "right to resume the floor whenever
he thinks proper to assert that right.
Mr. MALLORY. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, then,as withdrawing the
permission he gave me to occupy the floor for a
few moments ?
The CH A i RMAN. The Chair so understands.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 understood that the gentle-
man from Kentucky had concluded what he de-
sired to say, hut if not, I will state to him that un-
der the five minutes rule he can finish it.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania knows that I was cutoff m the remarks
that I was about to make by the gentleman from
Indiana[Mr. Coi.fax] raisingaquestion oforder,
winch question of order has been pending m a
verv disoidei)v'manner ever since.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can get the
floor again und< r the five minutes rule.
Mr. MALLORY. The thing will be all cold
by that time.
The CHAIRMAN. Th^ gnmleman from In-
diana raised a point of oider, end the Chair was
proceeding to decide it when the gentleman from
Massachusetts rose to discuss it. The Chair held
that it was not m order to discuss a question of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania now re-
sumes the right to the floor, which ho had yielded
to the gentleman from Kentucky, and the Chair
is not called upon to decide the point raised by the
gentleman from Indiana. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste\exs] has the floor.
Mr."STEVENS. I submit the motion that the
committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes 47.
Mr. P,INGHAM called for tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Maynard
and Olin were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes ()4.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. OL1N obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand that I have
lost my light to the floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman moved
that the committee rise, and not afterwards claim-
ing the floor, it was awarded to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. OL1N. When the committee rose the
other day while this bill wa% under discussion, I
had intended to say something in reference to the
provisions of the amendment submitted by my
colleague from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling.] I felt that that provision was substanti-
ally the only guarantee that the moneys proposed
to be appropriated in this item of the bdl would
be profitably expended. The bill as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means as I recollect,
provides for the appointment ofv thirty-three of
these commissioners, and it gives them their sala-
ries, no matter whether they arc in a situation to
occupy a single foot of the States in rebellion.
1 was in favor of the amendment of my col-
league, but nevertheless would have foregone any
observations upon it if the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had not taken it upon
himself to announce here in the presence of the
House, and to the country, doctrines to which I
have the same abhorence, doctrines as fallacious
upon every principle oflaw and common sense, as
are those by which it is sought to sustain and justify'
this accuised rebellion. Hearing such doctrines
announced, I would not, although the humblest
member of this House, sit quietly here, as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky charges upon us, without
entering my protest against them.
1 have heretofore said in this House, and I now
repeat, that the only theory that can justify the
prosecution of this war now in progress, and which
united Christendom deplores all over the world—
the only possible theory that can justify it is that
it is a war waged in obedicnce to the Constitution
and the laws; that no law or ordinance of seces-
sion relieves any citizen from a single obligation
that he was under to the country, nor from his
allegiance to the General Government.
Now, sir, if there be but a single man remain-
ing loyal to the Constitution in any one of the se-
ceded States, lie is entitled to all the rights, all the
privileges, am* all the immunities granted to any
citizen in any loyal State. It is the duty of this
Government to protect such loyal citizen in the
enjoyment of those rights, privileges, and immu-
nities; and the performance of that duty on the
part of the Government alone justifies this war.
Now, sir, look at the theory that is attempted to
be defended by my learned friend from Pennsyl-
vania. That he is learned in the law, his high rep-
utation and his long and laborious life in that pro-
fession entitle him to be considered. Look at his
theory. No member of this House pretends to
deny that any actor ordinance of secession is void
inlaw; and yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania
finds that somehow or other the ordinance of se-
cession, though void and of no effect, did some-
how take the State out of the Union, and has re-
lieved the General Government from all obligation
even to protect, or to attempt to protect, the loyal
citizens of that State in the enjoyment of their
rights. Now, can there be a plainer proposition
than this, that if there be one loyal citizen remain-
ing in a rebel State, no man, no body of men, by
any act, illegal and unconstitutional, can deprive
such a citizen of his rights?
1 Why, say those gentlemen, " those States are
| in rebellion; the State has committed treason; and
i it is absurd that they should claim the protection
| of the Constitution and the laws." I will not
1 stop to discuss the absurd dogma of States com-
\ muting treason. Sir, the thief that you arraign
i daily at your criminal bar has violated the law.
You arraign him before your court; and what
: would be thought of the pettifogging rogue who
J could get up in court and say, " why, this man
I has violated the law; he is not entitled to the pro-
[ tection of the law; set aside every rule of evi-
! dence; try him with three jurymen; get up a mob;
i call for Judge Lynch, and hang him Sir, he
i has violated the law; but is he not entitled to the
J protection of the law, to be tried by the law, and
; judged by the law? Violating the law does not
I change the law; it only calls for the execution o(
I the law according to the forms oflaw. I repeat,
