1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill (II. R. No. 762) to change the times? of
holding the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Indiana; and
A bill (H. R. No. 707) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending 30th of June, 1864.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
cf the House of Representatives had SJgned the
following enrolled bills; which, thereupon, re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 267) to divide the State of
Michigan into two judicial districts, and to pro-
vide for holding the district and circuit courts
therein;
A bill (H. R. No. 357) to provide a temporary
government foi the T< uitory of Arizona;
A bill (El, R. No. 448) for the relief of Colonel
Joseph Paddock; and
A bill (H. II. No. 122) to establish certain post
roads.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduceahiil (S. No.559)
to establish a branch mint of the United States in
the Territory of Nevada; which was read twice
by its tide, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 560) to prevent the circulation
in the United States of the bonds and notes of
the so-called confederate States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 561) granting land to the State of Kansas
to indemnify citizens for public losses; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 562)
u. facilitate the taking of depositions within the
United States to be vised in the courts of other
countries, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 563) for establishing rules and
articles for the government of the armies of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military AiTairs and
the Alihua, and ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER submitted the following re-
port from the second committee of conference on
the legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of tiie two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II R.
No. 633) making apptopuations lot the legislative, exec-
utive, andjuiiieial expenses of the Government for the) ear
ending 30Ui of June, 1861, having met, after full and free
conference haveagiccd to recommend, anddo recommend,
to their ielective Houses as follows :
That the Ilou-^e recede from then di-agteement to the
Senate's fir&t and sixteenth amendments, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate^ thirteenth amendment, and ajriee to the «.aine with
the following amendment: in line thirteen of said Senate
amendment, strike out the woid u eighty," and insert
"ninety."
That the Nome reeedc from their disagreement to the
Senate's fifteenth amendment, and agree to the same with
tiie following amendments: insoitat the end of line six-
teen ot said Senate amendment, " in the office of the Fifth
Auditor <>{ the Treasury, one clerk of class four, two of
cla>s three, four of cla<s two, thiiteenof class one, and mk
eop>ing clciks at an annual salary of $600 each ; in lino
forty-one, strike oat the word "lor;'1 in line fortv-two,
strike out the woid clerks " wherever it occur*; m line
toity-six, strike out the woid " for,"' where it occurs the
second time ; aftei the word {i five}; insert " additional
and at the end of *aid line, strike out the word {*cleiks,"
and also strike out said word wherever it occurs in line
forty-seven ; stnkeoutall of lines fifij-two, fifty-three, and
fitty-four, and mseit in lieu thereof: •' m tiie oiTiee of the
Secretaiy of War, sit clerks of class four, and eight of
cljtbs one ; m the office of the Chief of Ordnance of the
YVar Dep'iitmeut, tlnne clcrks of class four, and twenty of
class one; in the office or* the Adjutant General, eight
clerks of class two. and twenty of class one ; in the otliee
of the Commlbsaty Genera), twelve cleiksof elassone, and
one laborer at a salary of .$800 per annum; in the office of
the Surgeon General, one eleik of class four, one of class
three, two of class two, and twenty-one of class one; in
the office of the Pajmaster General, four clerks of class
three, and sixteen of ela^s one; and in the office of the
Chief ot Engineers, two clerks of class one."
J. COLLAMER,
J. W. NESM'iTII,
IRA HARRIS,
•ftfanai-ers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
11. E. FENTON,
C. L. VALLANDIGHAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WILKINSON. I could not ascertain from
the reading of that report what action was had on
the mileage question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will explain that. The
clause in reference to miieage was in the House
bill a proviso that the mileage should not be ex-
ceeding ten cents a mile. The Senate disagreed
to that proviso and struck it out. Now the com-
mittee report, and the House of Representatives
have agreed to the report, that the House recede
from their disagreement to that amendment, and
concurin the Senate amendment. Theyhavedone
it.
Mr. WILKINSON. It leaves it just as the
law nosv is.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
The report was concurred in.
RAILROAD TO TIIB PACIFIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to postpone all
other orders, and to take up the bill reported from
the select committee on the Pacific railroad amend-
ing the bill of last session; and I will say, that Sen-
ators may understand it, that it is very important
that it should be acted on now, as it has to go to
the House of Representatives for its action, and it
is now late m the session. It is bill (S. No. 439)
to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved
Julv 1, 18G2, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bi)l.
The select committee proposed to strike out the
original bill, after the enacting clause, and to in-
seit in heu thereof the following:
That the capital «toekof the company entitled the Union
Pacific .Railroad Company, authorized by the act of winch
tiii*  is amendatory, shall he in shaies of §100 instead of
."51,000 each; that the number of shares shall be one mil-
ium instead oi one hnndied thousand. The number of
shaies which anj poison shad hold to entitle him to serve
asdu^tor in said company (exct pt the two director? to bo
appointed by Government) -hall he filty shaies implead of
five "hate*-. And ail parsons having subscribed to the stock
of the said company at the late ot §1,000 per share, shall
he entitled to certificates of stock at the rate of $100 per
share.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it fuithcr enacted, That in case the num-
ber of directors of said company he limited to thirteen, a
majority thereof shall be necessary to constitute a quorum
lor the ttausaction ol btiMne^s: "Provided, however, That
said company may, by u> by laws, determine the number
of direetois, not less than seven, that •shall be necessary to
constitute a quotum for the transaction of business, what-
ever may be the number of its directors.
Sue. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, Th.it said company be,
and is hcroi>3', authoiized ami empowered to enter upon,
purchase, take, and hold any land-'or premise* that may be
nece«saiy and proper lor the construction and working of
said road, not exceeding in width one hundred feet on each
side of the line of its laihoad, unless a gi eater width be re-
quired for the pin poses ot excavation or embankment; and
also any land*, or pt enures that may be necessity and prop-
er for turn-out--, fctandtntr places toi ear*, depots, btation-
hotise-. or any other suuciiucs icquired in the construction
and working of said road. And the said company shall
have the right to cut and remove treof or other material
that might by falling incumber its road-bed, though stand-
ing or being more than one hundred feet tiom the line of
said road. And in case the owner of such lamb or piem-
if.cn ami the ^aid company cannot a<jree as to the-value of
the premises taken m to be taken for the use of paid ioad,
the value thereof shall be determined by the appiaisalof
three d.-uiteiested commissioner-, who may be appointed
upon application by either paity to any court of reeoid in
any of the Ten none* in which the land- or premise* to he
taken he. And said commissioners in their assessment of
damages shall appraise sueh premises at what would have
been the value thereof if the io«ul had not been built; and
shall al-o deduct from the damages to be awarded to the
applicant for the same any increase in the value due to the
eonMiuetion of the road, of the premises retained by him.
provided such premises formed a portion of those taken.
And upon return into coui t of such appraisement, and upon
the payment into the same ot the estimated value of the
premises taken for the use and benefit of the owner thereof,
said premises shall be deemed to be taken by said com-
pany, winch shall thereby acquire full title to the same for
the puipo^e« a tore-aid. And either patty feeling aggrieved
at said appraisement, may, within tlmty days after the same
has been returned into court, file an appeal therefrom, and
demand a jury of twelve men to estimate the damage sus-
tained ; but such appeal shall not interfere with the rights
of said company to enter upon tiie premises taken^ or to do
any act necessary and proper in the construction ot its road*
And said party appealing .shall give bonds, with sufficient
surety or sureties, lor the payment of any cost that may
arise upon such appeal; and in ease the party appealing
does not obtain a verdict increasing or diminishing, as the
case may be, the award of the commissioners, such party
shall pay the whole cost incurred by the appellee, as well
as its own ; and tiie payment into court for the use of the
owner of said premises taKen of a sum equal to that finally
awarded, shall be held to vest in said company the title ol
said land, and of the right to u&e and occupy the same for
the constiuction, maintenance, and operation of said road.
And in ease any of the lands to be taken as aforesaid shall
be held by any infant, femme covert, «o« compos, insane
person, or poisons residing without the Territory within
which the lands to be taken lie, or persons subject to any
legal disability, the court may appoint a guardian for any
party under any disqualification, to appear in proper per-
son, who shall give bonds with sufficient surety or sureties
for the proper and faithful execution of his trust, and who
may leprcsent in court the person disqualified, as aforesaid,
fiom appearing, when the same proceedings shall be had in
rcfeience to the appraisement of the piemises to be taken
for the use of said company, and with the same effect, as
have been already described. And the titleof the company
to the lands taken by virtue of this act shall not be afFccted
nor impaired by reason of any failure by any guardian to
discbaige faithfully his trust. And in case any party shall
have a light or claim to any land for a term of years, or any
interest therein,in possession, reveision, or remainder, the
value of any such estate, less than a fee-simple, shall be
estimated and determined in the manner heieinbefore set
foith. And in case it shall be necessary tor the company
to enter upon lands which are unoccupied, and of which
theie is no apparent owner or claimant, it may .proceed to
take and use the same for the purposes of saki railroad, and
may institute proceedings, in manner described, for the pur-
pose ot ascertaining the value of. and of acquiring a title
to the same \ ami may determine the kind ot* notice to be
served on such owner or owners, and may in its discretion
appoint an agent or guaidian to represent such owner or
owni'is incase of his or then- incapacity or non-appearance.
But in case no claimant shall appear within three years
fiom the tune of the opening of said road across any land,
all claim to damages against said company shall be barred.
Sec. 4. And. be it further enacted, That tile percentage of
the bonds granted to the Union Pacific Railroad Company
ami the Central Pacific Railroad Company of California, or
the assignees thereof, a* hereinafter mentioned, and Kan-
sas branch of said Union Pacific railioad, which, by the
provision* of the act to which this is amendatory, were to
remain in ttie Treasury of the United States till alt parts of
it-* road, with its branches, shall be cntiiely completed,
shall be paid over to said company whenever continuous
sections ot road o! one hundred miles in length shall be com-
pleted according to the terms of said ;>ct.
ski1 r>. Jlnd be 11 further enacted, That so much of the
first sect ton of the act to which this is amendatory as re-
quires the notice of the fiisj meeting of the stockholders to
be published for at lean tlmty days m one newspaper, in
each State in which subscriptions to the capital stock of tiie
company have been made, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed ; and that instead of said provision, notice of the first
meeting of (he stockholder, published in two daily papers
in each of the cities of New Yoik, Boston, Philadelphia,
and Chicago, lor at least fifteen days before the time of moot-
ing, shall be deemed and held as a sufficient notice of said
first meeting of stockholders, any piovision in said original
act to the contiaiy notwithstanding.
Srcr. 0. Jhid he it fiothcr enacted, That if in the opinion
of the President of the United States it shall appear that
the physical or topographical featutesof the country render
it inexpedient to conduct the mam line of the Union Pacific
Kail toad Company by the way ot Denver city, in the Terri-
tory of Colotado, that the said company is authorized and
empowered to construct a branch fiom its main line to said
city by the most feasible route, the same to be approved by
the President; and -aid company shall be entitled in the
construction of said branch to any and all provisions made
in tavor of its mam line, either in this actor in that to which
this is amendatory.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the assignment
or assignments made by tiie Ccnual Pacific jailroad to the
Western Pacific Raihoad Company, and the San Francisco
and San Jose Itaiiioad Company, all of the State of Cali-
fornia, assigning to the said last named companies all the
rights, intercut*, and benefits of the said Central Pacific Itail-
road Company in and to the construction of the railroad line
fiom Sacramento to Sail Francisco, in the State of Cali-
fornia, and in and to the privileges and benefits of the act
to which this ia amcndatoiy, be. and the same is hereby,
ratified and confirmed, and the said Western Pacific Rail-
road Company and the said San Francisco and San Josg
Railroad Company shall have power and enjoy the same
rights, privileges, and benefits as if they had been particu-
larly named in the act to which this is amendatory.
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enabled, That said railroad com-
panies in ihe State of Califot nia, or either of them, have
hereby the consent of the United States of America to carry
their line of road across any navigable river or bay in the
said State : Prowled, That in making such crossing, puch
companies or company shall cause to be erected at such
crossing a good and substantial drawbiidge, to correspond
with the channel of such river or bay, of suffieient capacity
to give a free and unobstructed passage to all vessels em-
ployed in the navigation thereof: Provided, further, That
no crossing shall be made over the bay of San Francisco
with any bridge or trestle work ata point further north than
07° 40' north latilude.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend the
amendment in section four, lines four and five,
by striking out " Kansas branch of said Union
Pacific," mid insert" Leavenworth, Pawnee, and
Western." It is making the matter more definite.
Mr. POMERQY. Tli« Senator wiilaccomplish
