242
THE OOWKBSSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
if nineteen twentieths, or ninety-nine hundredths,
of all the men in any one of the seceded States
have violated the law, it does not exclude the
twentieth man or the hundredth man from the
protection of the law.
The duties of obedience and protection are re-
ciprocal; and no just and humane Government,
where it cannot give such protection, will punish
disloyalty. The first duty of the Government is
to protect its citizens; and the next duty of the
Government is to funish those who violate its
laws. Sir, I have no patience with the doctrine
announced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
I hold it in utter abhorrence. I think it equally
unsound and mischievous as that of the so-callecl
right of secession.
I do not profess to have much knowledge or
experience in the management of public affairs;
but had I the control of them, one thing 1 would
hot have done—I would not have asserted on all
occasions that a man, simply because he lived
north or south of a certain line, was to be sus-
pected of disloyalty to the Government. I would
not have been over anxious, during this terrible
struggle, to know first of all whether this or that
measure will conduce to the permanency and suc-
cess of the party. I thought I foresaw, at the
commencement of this struggle, that the only path
of wisdom was to gather around the Constitution
"and the laws every man who way willing to yield
his obedience and support. I think I have seen
in this House and out of it that men from the bor-
der States, as well as from what is termed the free
States, were anxious to support the Federal Con-
stitution and the Union. I foresaw that as the
struggle was approaching, these border State men
would be tried as never men were tried; that their
homes and their firesides would be made the bat-
tle-ground of this controversy; that their country
would be brought to present the appearance that
northeastern Virginia now presents—that of a des-
ert; that the track of war would leave nothing but
desolation in its path. These men were phic-d
in the position that, which side soever they might
take in this controversy, their hom-a were to bo
'subjected to all the perils, a1! the distresses, and
all the dangers, and ctt the horrors of war; and
they have met that fortune in ii3 full measuie.
Many of them,accoi\ mgto theirnatural affinities
and prejudges, have deserted the Union cause,
it was naturally to be expected that they would
do so. I do not apologise for it. I wish to God
that all men wore ready to become martyrs in a
good cause. But that is not the history of the
race. I foresaw thnt many men in all the border
States would of choice take sides with the confed-
eracy against this Union; and I thought it would
bp wise in the Government, so far as was practi-
cable, so far as could he done without waiving any
constitutional right or duty, to conciliate every
man who would abide by the oftl flag, and bear it
up through every storm. I still think that the his-
tory of pn-:t events \v<m!d more than justify that
policy.
My friend here on my right [Mr. Stf-vens]
Bays that ho lias to-day, for the first time, been
informed that there arc agreat number of troops
in Kentucky supporting the Union cause.
Mr. M ALLOllY. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I will state that from
the State of Kentucky we have nearly forty-four
thousand men enlisted in the Federal Army." That
does not embrace th«.- militia, which is liable to be
called out by thr> Governor at some future time.
And I venture the assertion that there are not
more than six thousand men from Kentucky in
the rebel army.
Mr.OLlN. I will not stop to inquire into those
numbers. Ins a matter of no magnitude, provided
there are some there. Though I believe in the
entire truth of the statement that Massachusetts,
nobly as she he* done—worthy as she is of the
admiration of tlm whole country—has no more
done her duty in r< 11to this controversy than
the loyat p- of th«* .v.-itf of Kentucky. But
I will net j'K.v'fi? ^on: ?, \ affirm here that
it is better to pav" *'Vt"~<^rer' thousand men
for us than against i' > ! ftor <o have a nu-
cleus in the Stale of Mary] md, in Kentucky, in
'JLVuneusse, in Louisiana, -u.d m the other south-
ern Suites, around whom may cluster the jWms of
Government, to aid in the tec-.era'ion of rheljmon.
X \vjH not attempt to defend the- Administration
against th* charges of ths ge^lee r<ii r on Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I do not know
of any measure of the Administration which, in
my conscience, I cannot approve and justify, in
its attempt to suppress this rebellion.
The gentleman speaks of the appointment of
these military governors over the conquered
States, as he calls them. Did anybody ever pre-
tend that we had the authority of the Constitution
for that? It is only to be justified as a military
necessity. It is only to be justified by the usage
of war. It is the exercise of authority by the
Commanding General. If a judge or a police
magistrate be appointed, it is only in pursuance
of the power of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. Constitutional questions have nothing
more to do with the appointment of those judicial
officers than they have with the appointment of
his aids. He had undoubtedly a right, where mil-
itary and where judicial authority was to be ex-
ercised, to delegate a judge, or to delegate a major
general for the exercise of that power. That
delegation of authority is to be justified alone by
the usage of war. The power to appoint a mil-
itary governor over one of the States of the Union,
or a person to discharge temporarily the functions
of a magistrate, or a police officer, by the Pres-
ident, has its origin in necessity, and is alone jus-
tifiedbyit. OfthatneoessitythePresidentisalone
| the judge, as the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army. Congress can neither cxercise the power,
nor judge of the necessity of its exercise.
3Vlr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I beg to call the attrition of the House back
to the piecise matter before us. It is a provision
for the appropriation of money for a definite and
spccif c purpose; and that purpose is to enforce the
collection of a direct tax assessed by this House
in conformity to a provision of the Constitution
of the Unitcc! State?, (article one, section two,
clause foui;) a tax which could only have been
assessed in exac.t conformity to that provision.
The object of this provision 1:1 the appropriation
biil, end of the law of the I \st session, was to cn-
in the disaffected States, the collection of
that fax. Upon v/hat ground, Mr. Chairman?
Upon tin's ground, that the authority of tnis Gov-
ernment at this time is as valid over those States
as it was before the acts of accession were passed;
upon the ground thatoveryactof secession passed
by those States is utterly null and void; upon the
ground thai an act legally null and void cannot
acquire force bccau^e armed rebellion is behind
it seeking to uphold it; upon the ground that the
Constitution make3 us not a mere Confederacy,
but a notion; upon the ground that th^ provisions
of that Constitution strike through the State gov-
ernment and reach directly,notlnicrmcdiatdy,the
subjects. Subjects of whom? Of the nation; of
the United States. If this be so, Mr. Chairman, if
these acts of secession be void, what is our posi-
tion to-dry? Gentlemen say that there is a belli-
gerent power exercising authority against us.
That h, you say that rebellion i.^attempting revo-
lution. Very well. Who ever heard, asa matter
of public law, that the authority of a Government
over its rebellious subjects was lost until that
revolution was successful—was a fact accom-
plished ?
Mr. KCL.LEY. Let me say a word on that
pomN
_Mr. TJJOMA.S, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield rt tuis moment. I have but a moment's
time myself.
My potion, then, Mr. Chairman, is that wc
may appropriate this money, that wc may enforce
the collection of this tax, because to-day, as al-
ways herctofoio, I he authority of the national
Government binds and covers every inch cf the
territory <:C the national domain; because that law
v/lTich wo caii tlm Constitution is, to-day, the su-
f premo law of the land, if the position taken by
1 th" learned gentleman from Pennsylvania be true,
J t v:.t we are every day passing unconstitutional
acts, wc are c very day violating our oaths rccordcd
i )j hv"; n to support the Constitution of the
: ''i^S-^-cs. I hold,therefore, Mr. Chairman,
| that it r; our duty to compcl the collection cf this
, tax just as ii the ordmnnce of secession had not
| been passed. But I beg leave to say that hew-
| ever we may differ as to the extent of powers
| which the Constitution gives us, (and they arc
: ample for all good ends,) when we deliberately
pp.s* from fidelity to this Constitution to enact law
in violation of its sacred provisions, we are our-
selves inaugurating revolution. It is fire againgt
fire, and God have mercy on the country.
• I have only a word or two more to say, MrV
Chairman. In all events, at whatever cost or peril
of treasure or of life, we must cling to the national
unity; and for this end wc must cling to the only
possible bond of unity—the Constitution. Mr.
Chairman, I have listened quietly, but with great
sorrow, to the attacks which are often made on .
the Republican side of the House against the
gentlemen from the border States. I desire to
say what I have often said, and repeat, with the
fullest sense of my responsibility, that, in fidelity
to the Union and the Constitution, and every
earnest effort to uphold them, there have been no
truer, nobler, more devoted men than these Rep;
resentatives from the border States. [Applause.]
And the great heart of this country to-day goes
out to meet them and to bless them. It is easy
in New England, where fortunes arc rapidly built
up and industry quickened and material prosper-
ity advanced by this war, or in New York or in
Pennsylvania, to be patriotic and loyal and na-
tional. These men have stood the touch of firg
and the sword. They have been tried by suffer-
ing. No ties of natural affection, no love of kin-
dred, no fear of desolation or death has moved them,
not even your unkindness. And I do not believe
I that it is policy or wisdom to alienate such men
from us; wc should rather grapple them with
'! hooks of steel.
jj Say what you will, Mr. Chairman, as a prac-
!! tical question this war must be fought out m the
jj border States. They constitute the battle-ground
\\ of this contest to-day, as they have been from the
ji beginning of the war. Can you hold the border
'• States to their allegiance? If you can, then the
h final victory is with us. If you cannot, separation
is inevitable. I hope, therefore and trust and
■ ; pray, Mr. Chairman, that we shall hear no more
!' of these party discussions and wrangles, no more
l; reproaches thrown from the one side of the House
;! to the other. We have no strength thus to fritter
|j away. God knows we need a united people to save
!l the Union, trembling even now on the very verge-
of dissolution; and therefore, if wc cannot agree
upon all questions of law, if we cannot agrqeupon
all questions of policy, let us consent to differ as
we best may, but with the firm resolve that every-
thing of strength, of power, of purpose, of motive,
of will that is in us shall combine, concentrate, con-
verge to cave the national integrity, the national
;■ life.
Now, it has been said by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—and I will say a word upon this,
:1 and relieve your patience—that there a&those here
,| who oppose the policy of the Administration. I
j! suppose there is no man in this House who has
[j more respect fot the intellectual vigor, strength,
:i and manliness of tlie gentleman fiom Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] than I have, but I beg leave
h to call his attention to the faet that lie has not
, always been able fo concur m the policy of this
;i Administration. I beg leave to icmind him of a
; difficulty, which has occurred to ail members of
the House, that it has sometimes been very diffi-
cult for even a very careful and scrutinizing ob-
, server to know or find out what the policy of the
j Administration is; [laughter:] and we are obliged
;j to grope our way, therefore, and determine what
| we ourselves believe will be for the peace and in-
.! terest of the country, and follow that. If the Ad-
i! ministration does not clearly indicate its policy,
! wc may be excused for not being always found in
jj its path. And, when indicated, we may not fol-
!i low it if fidelity to the Constitution or the highest
i1 interests of the country forbids.
;j I think wc ought to pass at least some portion
11 of this appropriation, in recognition of our duty
,! stiib as a national Government, to enforce and col-
li lect in the States over which wc have to-day full
II jurisdiction in law, and to some extent in fact, a
j; just and necessary tax.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to occupy much
11 time, but I wish to say a word, because 1 was cut
off before. I am anxious fo get through the b)ll>
i, as you may see from my motion that * ho coni-
ij miitee rise to close debate.
As the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
'i lory] undertook to charge that tke views I held
were the views of others than myseif, and that
:j I was speaking for the party, it very properly
brought out a very mild denial from the pleasant
