1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olik,] and the
somewhat softened and modified repudiation of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] and I
hope that will satisfy the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as to at least a portion of this side of the
House. I desire to say that! know perfectly well,
as I said before, I do not speak the sentiments of
this side of the House as a party. I know more
than that: that for the last fifteen years I have al-
ways been a step ahead of the party I have acted
wuh in these matters; bat I have never been so far
ahead, with the exception of the principles I now
enunciate, but that the members of the party have
overtaken me and gone ahead; and they, together
with the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Oi.iv,]
will again overtake me, and go with me, before this
infamous and bloody rebellion is ended. They
will find that they cannot execute the Constitu-
tion in the seceding States; thatit is a total nullity
there, and that, this war must be carried on upon
pnnciples wholly independent of it. They will
come to the conclusion that the adoption of the
measuies I advocated at the outset of the wai, the
arming of the negroes, the slaves of the rebels, is
the only way left on earth in which these rebels
can be exterminated. They will find that they
must treat those States now outside of the Union
a? conquered provinces and settle them with new
men, and drive the present rebels as exiles from
this country; for I tell you they have the pluck
and endutance for which 1 gave them credit a year
and a half ago in a speech which I made, but which
was not relished on tins side of the House, nor
by the people in the free States. They have such
determination, eneigy, and endurance, that noth-
ing but actual extermination or exile or starvation
will ever induce them to surrender to this Gov-
ernment. I do not now ask gentlemen to indorse
my \iews, nor do I speak for anybody but my-
self; but in order that I may have some credit for
sagacity, I ask (hat gentlemen will write this down
m their memories. J twill not be two years be-
fore they wiil call it. up, or before they will adopt
my views, or adopt the other alt-n native of a dis-
graceful submission by this side of the country.
I now beg to inquire of some gentleman from
Kentucky whether the extract from a paper I have
now in my hand has any truth in it.
The extiact was read, as follows:
u {'ivcinn'ati, Drcnnlci —Spertkei Paieknrr, of the
Kontuekv ilou-c of ilopier-cmative-, ha?. iKldiewd a louei
to over\ utcnibfi, asking fo! I in u Mru.-mi iiinoehr- |>uv- -
bi'Mfion iinit the pie-ent condition of alibi - in ilmt Mate
1'ioni a number he inw ieeei\e<i an anMvei. a>i<l ful'v tiro
thuds arc in furor 0/ ta!.in<: the stair out of the Cnon >/ the
p) oclamution enforced The Leiri-Intuit' meet- ii'^I
daw when Gnvei noi Robin -<>n\ ines<.<m(MVil! heieatl. The
Governor will bnai down heavily on the Ailmnii'-ti.iTion.
a/1.'.' nine a sepuiction if lAiuoln't) proclamation document i>
jirom til fed 011 Thai sdi.v
'• I Iain phi ey Mai-h;iM' i<, bevoiwl doubt, in the vkmiiiIv of
Mount Stei hn<r lie \vi:l not make ;tu\ move untii the  .i?r
of tin,- week. He e\p''j!-. beavj lonitoieenienN f:om the
Kentucky mil it id, who ate voir tamed with Untied Stales
pun*, '!< -ti 1 hated Unoinihout, to defend the same, It (Jen-
cial XcNnu, one and a h;i!f > ear- a<jo. The mihttu u ill v,o
1: ilh the South,'/ the piocl-imolion is- issued. Tin" no\t r\y
ot'uoirwill not be :i lake alann, and yet there ate no
tiooj"? lot deiei.-c, suoi'ld tbe enenix eome, and squitie!-
huntet-, will m 1't lie a*> numerous a* hcfoic."''—Spccial JJis-
■patch to tkc Lhit'tc.o Tana.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman Horn Pennsylvania to what part of that
communication he directs our attention? It seems
to be a sort of omnium gathei inn.
Mi. STEVENS. To that patt which refeis to
two thirds of the Kentucky Legislaune being in
favor of taking the State out of the Union if the
piorlamation is enforced.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 undertake, withoutbeing
in possession of specific knowledge upon ihatsub-
jeci, to denounce that statement a* utterly false,
and to denv that Governor Robinson or Speaker
Buekner will do anything like adcishig the Slate
of Kentucky to engage in tebdliou, or to occupy an
armed position nirmnst the Government of the
United States. The assertion is false, utteily and
cntuely false.
Mr. STEVENS. I am very glad to hear it.
fuming from a Democratic p-'per. I doubted the
truth of the statement very much. [Laughter.]
Mr WADSWORTH. I appeal to the cour-
tesy of tin; gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
:\J r. WADS WORTH. There is another branch
of that article which iichU denial. 1 ean assure
the gentleman from Pcnnhvlvunia. that llumnhs: y
Marshall is not in the vicinity of Mount Sterling*
The last I heard from him he was one hundred
and seventy miles from there, as the crow flies,
making tracks on the backward road. The last
official information from Humphrey Marshall was
that he was in Lexington, drunk, and cursing the
State of Kentucky because she would not rise like
" my Maryland."
Mr. STEVENS. No doubt that is true.
Mr. WADS WORTH. As to the Lincoln mus-
kets furnished by General Nelson, they are now
in the hands of the militia of Kentucky, and
during the whole summer they have been using
them in defense of the honor of Kentucky and the
Union. I could recite numerous instances where
they have done noble and effectual service. Those
guns have been, I presume, in a hundred fights
and skirmishes, and the coirespondent of the
Chicago Times, or some malignant slanderer who
has deceived htm, had not the slightest founda-
tion for the insinuation that those guns have been
or weie to be turned against the Union. There
is a great mistake prevnihngabout matters in Ken-
lucky which should bo set right upon this floor.
The number of soldiers from Kentucky in the
United States Army has been stated correctly, ac-
cording to the repoi t of our adjutantgencral, and
I believe the number in the secession army has
been also stated correctly. I do not suppose they
exceed six tnousand. Mr. Forsyth, the editor of
the Mobile Register, while in the camp of Gen-
eral Bragg in Kentucky, asked the ordnance mas-
ter of General Bragg how many guns he had de-
livered to the inhabitants of Kentucky, and lie
replied twenty-three hundred and a fraction, one
half of which, ho said, wore lost by the desertion
of the men to whom they were delivered.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question about another part of that ai tiele, which
I hope is false also. 1 guess it is. I would ask
him if he supposes that if the emancipation pioe-
lamation is enforced, it will affect the condition of
Kentucky with lespeet. to the Union ? I mean
will it to lee her out of the Union ?
Mr. AVADSWORTH. it will not take her out
of the Union No; by Sf Paul' she cannot be
taken out of the Union by secession and abolition
combined. [Cries of" Good!"<$ Good!"and sup-
pressed applause.] The guns to which that news-
paper article alludes are there, and have been used
to defend us against rebellion, and will be, if ne-
cessary, against abolitionism. As to that procla-
mation, we despn-.e and laugh at tt. Mi. Lincoln
himself has said that he cannot cxccutc the Con-
stitution and laws in that country, and much less
can ho enfoioe that proclamation.
Mr. STEVENS. I desne now to conclude the
few lemaiks I have to make.
Mr. WA DS WORTJ1. I did not rise to make
the^e r  maik^, t*orej:?n j<  the statement I desired
topiesent. They were provokod from me by the
gentleman's question.
Air. STEVENS. The gentleman's rumaiks aie
perfectly piopei . 1 do not find fault with them.
Air. WADS WORTH. Let me finish my state-
ment ahon' the condition of aifairs in Kentucky.
Air. STEVENS. Very well; but I hope the
e-entleman will be brief.
Air. WA DSWORTFL I wilt be bn-f, I want
tins House 10 understand the state of affairs in
Kentucky, and, until some pregnant facts can be
hi ought to dispi o\e my statement, to lely upon it,
and act upon it, and forbear the attacks which
have again and again been precipitated upon us
iiom that side of tiie House. The ordnance mas-
ter ot Genera! Bragg reported that guns had been
supplied to twenty-three hundred inhabitants of
Kentucky, one half of whom deserted with 1 h^-ir
^uns. To my knowledge, twelve or fifteen bun-
dled of the K en tuck ians with Humphrey Mar.5-!- iM
deserted him on his match out ol the State, and
returned to their bourns, wheic they asked to re-
main, uueily disgusted with Humphrey Marshal!
and the houihetn confederacy, and to-day, in my
opinion, there are not five thousand persons, who
were once citizensof Kentucky, in the rebel army.
On the contrary, if wo could have any assurance
that tins Administration, and the party now in
power, would make the Constitution their guide
111 the conduct of this war, the whole population
of that State would suppori the Government. But
I must declaim that the course pursued by the
Administration, and partienhulv by the radical
fiends of t.'e Admnn^'r iti( ".,!ike the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, has done mprc to weaken the
cause of the Union in the State of Kentucky, and
throughout tho whole country, North and fckmth,
than all the rebel victories that have been obtained
since the 21st of July, 1861, when the Union cause
was stricken down at Manassas.
Sir, the gentleman well says that we are contend-
ing with brave and determined foes, and t hey never
can be brought back into the fold by the policy
of the gentleman. No, sir; France and England
may join the United States of America, and they
never can conquer the inhabitants of the South
if the negroes are to be set free by the military
power of the Union and incorporated as free com-
munities in the southern States. There is not a
man down there but what will resist it, as they
may well resist it by the Constitution itself; not
one. Such n proclamation as that never can bo
executed. The soldiers of Kentucky will not
execute it. The soldiers of other States will not
execute it. May my curse fall upon their heads
if they do ! No citizen of Kentucky will lend it
any countenance, not one in ten thousand, though
gentlemen may stuff tho ear of the Executive with
the contrary story, and deceive him to the ruin of
the country. The confidence of the people of
Kentucky in the conservatism of the northern
masses is a greater stay to her faith in the resto-
ration and perpetuity of the Union than anything
else. They believe m it; and they believe the timo
will comc when, instead of the people of the North
following the policy of the gentleman fioni Penn-
sylvania and adopting his sentiments and decla-
rations, they will more and more learn to despise
them and ti ample them under foot, as they havo
recently done at the ballot-box.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I hope now the gentleman
from Kentucky is satisfied  and I must claim the
floor.
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I desire to say a few words,
with the permission of the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like, after having
cut off the gentleman fiom Kentucky, to yield the
floor to another gentleman. 1 must, therefore,
decline to yield at present.
Mr. LOV-EJCfY. I desire an opportunity to be
heard now, just at this point.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity by and by. 1 was glad to hear a
good many of the facts stated by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
AXy point of oi der is, that this discussion must be
confined to the subject-matter before the commit-
tee. If tho gentleman refuses me two or three
minutes after all this latitude of debate, I must
insist on that question of order. I hope, how-
ever, he will reconsider his refusal.
Air. STEVENS. R isonly a question oftime.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The question of time is no
more imperative how than it was an hour asro.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is
insisted on, the Cliair thinks it is will taken.
Air. I,OVE.TOY. I will withdraw the point of
order, and make another appeal to tho. gentleman
to allow me a few minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, if the gentleman will
not take over five minutes, I will yield to him.
Air. LOVEJOY. I must express my regret that
gentlemen should bo excited upon this subject,
which is so grave, and which calls for such cool
and calm dehbetation. I wish to say in relation
to the deelaiation that has been complained of—
the statement of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, in reference to Kentucky having been kept in
the Union by force or fear—that it has this very
respectable authority, according to my best recol-
lection, to wit, the declaration of the Rev. Dr.
Breckinridge, of Kentucky, an uncle, 1 believe,of
the traitor who was formerly a Senator.
Mr. WICKL1PEE. A Cad authority.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman says the Rer.
Dr. Breckinridge is bad authority. He can settle
that question with the reverend gentleman himself,
but that is his statement, tie is a very able man,
as every one knows, a Kenfuckian, with all the.
attachment that a person feels to his native State,
eminent at once for his piety and patriotism, and
he made that declaration publicly.
Aly chief object, however, is to repudiate for
myself and the Republican party, and the Admin-
istration, [laughter,] the ideaadvanced by the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania, that if it should be
necessary, as I believe with him it is, to cmnihi-
