1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of, I have no objection to yielding the floor for the
purpose of asking the consent of the Senate to
that purpose, if I do not waive my right to the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is before the Senate, and can be disposed of
only by common consent, or by order of a majority
of the body.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the special
order be postponed, for the purpose of continuing
the consideration of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not bo
done. I trust that wo shall adhere to the business
that is properly before the Senate. This other
measure will come up in the morning hour to-
morrow as the unfinished business. Attention has
now been called to it, and it can readily be dis-
posed of. Every Senator will have examined it
by to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to say that if
the special order were postponed, I wanted it to
be laid aside temporarily. I do not want this
measure of the Senator from Illinois postponed.
I am as much in favor of that as he is.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the Senator from
Illinois will find that we can dispose of this bill in
a short time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the unfinished
business of Saturday will be taken up now. I
desire to examine this bill. It is a bill affecting
my constituency. I have not examined it. I do
not wish to put anything in the way of its pas-
sage; but I hope it will go over till to-morrow
morning, so that I can have an opportunity to
examine it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California
to postpone the special order and all prior orders,
for the purpose of continuing the consideration of
the bill before the Senate at the expiration of the
morning hour.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask that the bill
be made the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me suggest to the
Senator from California that he will gain nothing
by his motion. His bill will be m order as the
unfinished business to-morrow morning during
the morning hour. That is about as good a posi-
tion as he can give it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And then-at one o'clock
I shall be ruled out again. It is important to
have eaily action, as this is a Senate bill, and it
must go to the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a very great ob-
jecti6n to the making of special orders. I shall
be compelled to oppose any such motion; and it
takes a two-thirds vote of the Senate to make a
special order. I think the Senator can get up his
bill without difficulty in the morning hour.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well; I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like, with the con-
sent of the Senator from Illinois, to introduce an-
other amendment to the bill, which I ask to have
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent it will be printed. The Chair hears no
objection.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicola y, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had ap-
proved and signed on the 21st instant the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 337) extending the time for carry-
ing into effect the provisions of the third section of
the act entitled "An act relating to highways in
the county of Washington and District of Co-
lumbia;"
A bil! (S. No. 488) to change the times of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States in the several districts in the seventh circuit;
A bill (S. No. 516) to allow the United States
to prosecute appeals and writs of enor without
giving security;
A bill (S. No. 519) to annex a part of the State
of New Jersey to the collection district of New
York, and to appoint an assistant collector, to re-
side at Jersey City; and
A jointresolution (S. No. 126) expelling George
E. Badger from the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, and appointing Louis Agassiz
in his place.
HOLDING OF COURTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 394) to give greater efficiency to the judicial
system of the United States has been returned
f rom the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment in the shape of an additional section, which
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendmentof the House
of Representatives, which was to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
*$nd be it further enacted, That the district courts of the
United State* shall have the same cognizance of all causes
of admiralty and maritime junsdiction arising upon the
lakeland navigable water* connecting the same that i* now
possessed and excreted in hko cate.-. anting upon tin; high
teas or tide-wateM within ihe admiralty and maritime ju-
risdiction of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ate concur in that amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had best not
concur in that amendment without some consid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That question was before
the committee, and they were adverse to extend-
ing that jurisdiction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (S. No. 402) to amend the laws re-
lating to the Post Office Department; and
On motion of* Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amendments of
the of ilopr^cnumvcs to tiio biJl (S. No. 492) to
amend the laws of the Po>t Oflice Dcpaitmcnt, and aok a
conference on the du-agieeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ouleied, That the eommi'ttce of conference on the pan
of the Senate he appointed by the President fro tempore.
The PRESIDENT;*™ tempore appointed Mr.
Collamek, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Rice.
CIRCUIT COURT 01f WISCONSIN.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill of the Senate (No. 407) to
fix the terms of the circuit couit in the district of
Wisconsin, disagreed to by the House; and
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendn^nt to
the anK iuhncntof the llou-e of Representatives to the said
hill, disagiecd to hy the Hous-c,aud agree to the confeienee
asked hy the IJou&e on the disagreeing votes of the two
lioilse.s tin reon.
Ordered. That the committee of conference on the part
ot the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Trumbull, Mr. Doolittle, and JVIr. Ghimbs.
33ILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Oulered, That the lull (ri. No. 314) foi the lehof of the
Wyandott Indians, agreeably to cei tuiri treaty stipulations,
he ^committed to the t'onmmtee on Indian Affairs*.
liJRCHARGK OF STATE PRISONERS.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is the bill (H. R. No. 3G2) to
provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
] States courts to take bail or recognizances to se-
! cure the U lal of the same. The Senator from lili-
| nois [Mr. Trumbull] moved an amendment in
| the form of a substitute for the whole bill. To
that amendment the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Caulile] moved an amendment in the form of a
substitute for that substitute; and upon that ques-
tion the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
j is en titled to the floor.
| Mr. PJCI-IAR.DSON. Mr. President, there are
i a few words in reply to the extraordinary speech
1 of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
1 that I deem it my duty to make before I proceed
' to the discussion of the subject under considera-
, tion. Each allegation in the speech of that Sen-
| ator delivered on Saturday last was jn violation
i and disregatd of known facts* and public history.
| The Senator said that no shot had been filed
| during the progress of the rebellion at a Union
soldier but by Democrats. He also made the ex-
traordinary charge that the Democratic-party in
the northern loyal States, who constitute-a vast
majority of the loyal people of this country, were
disloyal to the Government. I need add but few
words to that which was so well said by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] the otherday
in reference to the first charge the Senator makes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the hon-
orable Senator will allow me to'say a word—
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, with great
pleasure.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The second
proposition the Senator states, I certainly did not
make. I did not charge that the masses of the
Democratic party of the loyal States were against
their country—far from it. I acknowledged that
the great mass of the party were thoroughly loyal;
but I said there were disloyal men, however, in
the free States as well as in the rebellious States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator relieves
his remarks by his explanation from a portion of
the exceptions I took to them. Sir, who was it
that carried the State of Virginia into this rebel-
lion ? It was not the men who had heretofore co-
operated with the Democratic party. A majority
of those people now in rebellion in that State be-
longed to the party that has fought the Demo-
cratic party since it has had an existence. The
portion of Virginia true and loyal to the Union is
the Democratic portion of that State, it was the
party to which theSenator himself at one time be-
longed,and with which he cooperated, that carried
her into the rebellion. There was not a union of
parties South at the commencement of this rebel-
lion, but at a subsequent period we united those
people; and of that 1 shall speak hereafter. Was
the president of the convention in Virginia who
signed the ordinance carrying hci out of the Union
a Democrat? Was Stuart a Democrat? Was
Baldwina Democrat? Was either one of the Pres-
tons a Democrat? Did any of these men belong
to the Democratic party ? They had all fought
and resisted the Democratic party. Forty-eight
counties remained, and are now attached to the
Union by your new State organization in Vir-
ginia. Of those forty-eight counties forty have
always been Demociatic counties, and but eight
of them, but six of them, ay, sir, but one qf them
has ever been opposed to the Democratic party.
The Democracy m Virginia have stood fiimly by
us in this fight and cast their fortunes under the
Constitution inside of the Union of their fathers.
The gentleman is wide of the mark when he makes
his statement. It was the Democratic portion of
Virginia that resisted the party that carried the
State into rebellion. What is said of Virginia is
true of Maryland and Missouri. Tennessee stood
firm until John Hell joined those who were for se-
cession. His course decided the action of several
of the States. He had been the leader of a pow-
erful party in his scction, as Senators are aware.
If he had stood firm l^y the position he occupied
when a candidate for President the rebellion would
not have amounted to much. Whatever justifi-
cation was assumed by the friends of secession
for that act was derived from speeches and acts of
Republican leaders and their party. By your fa-
naticism you had divided churches, broken up all
political parties butone, and when the Demociatic
party was divided the Union of the States could
not much longer endure in peace. If its chosen
leader, Judge Douglas, Had been elected Presi-
dent, we should to-day be the moatprosperousand
happy people on the face of the earth. His de-
feat gives us instead the sad picture we behold
to-day.
But, sir, I am not to be drawn into any discus-
sion in defense of any portion of the people in any
State that advocated or adopted secession or re-
bellion, I care not what their previous political
opinions or associations may have been. I say
here, once for all, that at the beginning of this re-
bellion it was causeless. The Federal Govern-
ment had invaded no right of the people of any of
those States. The Federal Government had dis-
reg.uded no duty that pertained to the States that
seceded at the time of secession. I make no apol-
ogy or excuse or extenuation for them. But, sir,
thoie is no excuse, pretext, or justification in point
of fact for the assertion that it was Democrats that
fired the guns, and that are now firing the guns
against our soldiers m the field. The mass of the
people m Virginia and elsewhere who adheied to
