1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
the true organization of the Democratic party are
not to-day and never have been in rebellion, and
I trust they never will be. But, sir, this is a mat-
ter so apparent that I was astonished the other
day when I heard the Senator make the declara-
tion.
On more occasions than one since I have taken
my scat here the Senator has read us lectures about
patriotism. It has been said by Junius, " there
is hardly a period at which the most irregular
character may not be redeemed. The mistakes of
one sex find a retreat in patriotism; those of the
other in devotion." The Senator takes shelter in
patriotism; and he reads us lectures here day after
day about patriotism. He tells us that we cannot
leave New England out in the cold. Who has
proposed to leave New England out in the cold ?
Certainly no gentleman on this side of the Cham-
ber. Certainly the Senator himself is the only
person who has introduced that subject hete. For
myself, a year ago, in a paper issued which has re-
ceived as much condemnation as any that has over
been issued, I took my stand for tiie Constitution
as it is and the Union as it was, New England,
South Carolina,and all; and I mean to stand there
to the end. My line of conduct is laid down and
is plain, and I am not to be driven from it nor
coaxed fiom it.
The Senator uses the language of an illustrious
predecessor of his in reference to his own State.
When speaking of Massachusetts lie says, theie
she is. There is herhistory. The Senator told us
on Saturday that in his immediate neighborhood,
when oar arms had been defeated, there were some
persons who u'joicod,and that one man lay down
in hia field and laughed at our misfortune. I am
sorry to hear it is so; hut if there is any place
where such a thing would happen it would prob-
ably be in Massachusetts. The teachings then:
of the dominant party, the party so long in power
there, have been such that they have no great love
for this Union or Constitution; and if such things
happen anywhere, I think they would happen in
Massachusetts. Nonesuch have everoccutred in
the section of country in which 1 live.
The Senator reads us lectm es day after day, and
tells us that they mean to fightout this war to the
bitter end, and to fight it out until we havo ex-
hausted our men and money. 1 do not think it
becomes the Senator from Massachusetts to lec-
ture mc or those who come from my section of
country in reference to our position. You have
all the men you called for from our States. You
have all the money that we have. You can have
more men and more money when you place this
fight upon the true ground, to restore the Union
and preserve the Constitution. Can Massachu-
setts say as much? What are the facts in refer-
ence to her? On the 20th of January, 18G3,Mr.
Stanton, the Secretary of War, issued the follow-
ing ordei:
War J)fi.ruiTMFNr. Washington City,
Janua) v 1K>J.
Ortlrrcil, That Govcrnoi Aflfaiew, ol Ma-^aciitwotU', iv
authorized, until further oiders to mi^c such a nniubct of
volu iteei companies of artilleiy tor duty in the ioit« of
Massachusetts and elsewhoc, and such eoipsol mlautr)
for volunteer in tin? nuliiary «:emre, us he may find con-
venient. Such volunteers t<>be enlisted toi tlnec year.-, un-
less gooncr dischnmed, and may include persons of Alriran
dcccnt, organised into M-parute corps, fie will make tin-
u&ual necdtul requisitions on the apptopi i.ite statT bureaus
and othcers lor propei transportation, organization, s>up-
plics, subsiMenc< . arm-., and eqti laments <>} -such vohintcci*.
EDWIN M STANTOX
Sen etai y of War.
Governor Andrew had promised men for armies
without limitation if the President would issue a
proclamation of emancipation, tie h.is furnished
none and could furnish none. He did not furnish
the ipiotaby volunteering or draft that Massachu-
setts should have furnished. He <r0t an order fiom
the WarDepartment,which I have read; and m «>i -
der to get the negroes to enlist, they are ot dered to
garrison the forts of Alassachusetts. 1<< Massachu-
setts in danger of invasion? There lie between her
and the rebels States inhabited by people that will
save her from all danger, and yet Massachusetts
procures through her Governor the authority to
enlist negroes for the purpose of manning hei forts.
The fact is well known that the negroes will not
enter the war as soldiers. They are aftuid of
being killed. They are afraid of being captured
and sent into slavery. Hence this order of Mr.
Stanton to Governor Andrew to take these people
and garrison the forts of Massachusetts with them.
They are enlisted not for the purpose of fighting
the battles of the country, but for the purpose of
making up thp quota Massachusetts was entitled
to place in the field, to make her equal to the other
States.
But, sir, this is not all. We would suppose that
if she sought to obtain these Africans as part of
her quota, she would draw them from those in her
own midst. In the New York Times of Febru-
ary 5, which 1 deem a paper entitled tocreditwith
the Senator from Massachusetts, I find the fol-
lowing:
"Our Fortress Monroe correspondent states that Gov-
ernor Andrew has requested Mr. <J. IJ. Wilder, superintend-
ent of contrabands at that place, to enlist all the negro sol
diers he can, as a portion of the Massachusetts contingent
authorized by the Government. Genetal l)ix has given his
consent to the arrangement, aud recruiting is now going on
quite briskly."
These troopsare not drawn from Massachusetts.
They are taken from the contrabands seduced
from their homes, and Massachusetts receives the
credit for this number of persons enlisted into her
service. Mr. Piesident, if there has been any dis-
satisfaction among our people of the West, it has
grown up from this thing. They look to the enor-
mous profits derived from your manufacturing es-
tablishments in that State; they see you dividing
aixty and seventy per cent, per annum on your
capital stock; and they see that you are permitted
by the War Department to enlist negroes and place
them in your forts, instead of sending your people
forth to fight the battles of the country, and it is
not remarkable that our people are a little dissatis-
fied. Why is it that this is done? In all the other
States, 1 behove, except Massachusetts, they have
supplied their quotas. 1 n a portion of them, East
and West, they procured enough by volunteei ing.
Ina portion of the New England States tiny dui fl-
ed. In a portion of the northwestern States they
were driven to draft. Ina poition of the other
States they were di iven to d t aft. "When* they did
not fill up their quota by volunteering in Indiana,
they drafted to get the balance. Where they did
not fill up their quota from Ohio, they drafted;
where they did not fill their quota from Connec-
ticut, they did the same thing; and m Pennsylva-
nia they did the same thing; but in Massachusetts
the piivilege was given to fill up their quota by
gathering up the contrabands, who are not worth
live cents a thousand as soldiers m the field. And
yet the Senator from Massachusetts gets up here
day after day and lectures us about our duty to
the country, about our patriotism, and about our
duty to stand by the Administration. If we had
stood by (he country no better than they have
done, we should have been beaten long a^o, and
sve would have no opportunity now to be discuss-
in^hese questions here. This capital, if not the
whole countrv, would have been in possession of
the rebels. Sir, I make no assault upon Massa-
chusetts, none whatever, in tunes past, and now,
theie are among her people those of great ability
and wondeiful eneigy. She has contributed to the
wealth of this country by her enterprise and by
her intelligence as much as any other State prob-
ably in the Union. Hut, sir, when you come down
to tiie discharge of the duties of the present, when
you come to this great contest m which you arc
engaged, i know no reason why Massachusetts
Senators and Governor should talk so much and
do so little.
I pass fiom the consideration of this immediate
portion of the subject. Tin; Senator, in his remarks,
embraced a large scope of inquiry. Hisobject and
purpose seemed to be to satisfy us that the policy
and plans of the Executive and Republican party
leaders were right and proper, and that all who
doubted or opposed were wrong and disloyal.
Upon another occasion, I submitted my views in
i efei euro to those subjects. 1 will not repeat them
now. The folly and weakness of the President
and his advisers and followers have aided the re-
bellion quite as much, indeed more, than the wis-
dom and valor of Davis and his army. At the
beginning we were united in the North and they
weie divided South. N<uv they are united and
we divided. The bills for confiscation and Mr.
Lincoln's emancipation proclamation have done
this mischief, or materially aided it. The South
were driven to conscription to get soldiers; we
got them by volunteering. If we had let confis-
cation and emancipation alone, their conscript act
would have pioved their ruin. But those acts
converted the conscript in theirarmy into the will-
ing soldier and made our volunteers no more than
the conscript. If we had omitted both the confis-
cation and emancipation therebellion would have
been over long ago. With them wc can never
restore the Union or preserve the Constitution;
we cannot conquer a united people there. If the
policy of confiscation and emancipation is to be
adhered to, yon had better to-day recall your ar-
mies and spare the effusion of blood, it is im-
possible, I repeat, to conquer the South united
for these purposes. Say to your President, recall
to-day youremancipation order; wc can still save
the Union. Let Congress repeal the confiscation
acts. Let Congress pass acts of amnesty to the
mass of the southern people; invite them to como
back to the Government of the fathers; tell them
thatuuderthc fiagof the old Union, with the Con-
stitution made by our fathers, they shall be pro-
tected in all their rights of person and propei ty.
This will save the Union, The President's course
will lose all; the course 1 have indicated will save
all. We have no time to lose. Delay is certain
ruin. We have time enough left yet to save our
country during this session of Congress. When
we meet again in a future Congress it will be for-
ever too late. In great public emergencies we
must act promptly. No occasion ever required
moie prompt action than this. The road of duty
is plain and direct. If we pursue it we save our
country. If we do not, I fear the Union is gone
and all is lost.
But, Mr. President, when I see what has been
done and see what is proposed to be done, I fear
there is not much of right or liberty left to the citi-
zen. The bank bill which has passed both Houses
ofCongiess places the money and wealth of the
entire country in the power ofa single individual,
the Secretary of the Treasui y. The consciipt bill
places every able-bodied man between theagesof
eighteen and forty-five under military law in the
hands of the President, to be tried by the rules and
m tides of war before the person is informed that
he is liable to discharge any military duty. Tiie
bill now under consideration, when enacted into a
law, (as I fear it will be,) strikes down every
guarantee of liberty, all the rights of the citizen,
and places those rights and liberties at the mercy
and disposal of the Presidentand his provost mar-
shal.
It was correctly said by the Senator from Del-
awnie [Mr. Bayard] the other day, that m this
country, for seventy years, no court and no law-
yer had claimed that the right to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus belonged anywhere else but to
Congress. 'Wiat has not been denied. When we
take into consideiation one other fact, it becomes
wonderful to explain how it can be supposed that
any department of this Government but Congress
can do it. Foi more than one hundred yeais be-
foie our Revolution, in that country from which
we derive our laws and our institutions, no one
ever denied that power to suspend the writ of ha-
beas corpus belonged to Parliament, and to Parlia-
ment alone. It is true, gentlemen have brought
forward precedents where in the dependencies of
Great Britain the power has been exercised by
oihor authority. But in England neither the king,
nor military commanders, nor any other than Par-
liament, has exercised or claimed the power so to
do. For centuiies the question has been settled in
England,that neither the king nor genoials corld
suspend the writ. In this country, during our en ti re
national existence, no court or lawyer has denied
that Congress, and Congress alone, had the power
to suspend this writ. Now, sir, it is proposed to
give the President the power at his will and pleas-
ure in the loyal States, where the courts are open
and competent to try and punish all violations of
the law, to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, to
attest and imprison any citizen, and place him in
any prison in the State wheie he lives, or any bas-
tilo outside of the State. The absolute power to
imprison anywhere is given by this bill and the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Trumbull.1 I
am opposed to the bill, and still more opposed to
the amendment of my colleague.
My colleague calls upon us to go for his amend^
ment, so that our fellow-citizens now unlawfully
held in prisons may be released. Anxious as i
am to see those persons released, I will never vote
for such a monstrous proposition as his. I will
never confer, by any act of mine, such unlimited
power upon any man over the rights and liberties
of the people. If the public good requires that the
habeas corpiut should he suspeaded in any portion
