240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan navy 9,
distant from his headquarters, without giving
them the least opportunity to meet and rope! any
charges that might be brought against them. Such
conduct is utteny indefensible. I 1 egret that Gen-
eral Grant issued such unorder. General Grant's;
conduct heretofore as a soldier has been that of a
brave and a gallant officer; ho has fought well on
many fields; for that i commend him; but while
I commcnd him for his gallant conduct, I must
censurc him for this most atrocious and illegal i
order. It is inhuman and monstrous. Jt would |
be unworthy of the most despotic Government of
Europe in t'-o most despotic period of the world's
histoiy. Sir, we should rebuke such conduct. I
regret that some other less meutorious officer of
the Army had not issued tins oid^r. I regret that
General Grant has issued it; bur, s>ir, we owe it
to ourselves, we owe it to the civil and religious
liberty of the citizen to put our condemnation
upon it.
I think I have couched the resolution in the
mildest terms possible. It is my duty, in vindi-
cation of the rights of my constituent—these Jews
who have been so grossly and cruelly wronged—
to urge this resolution to its passage. It will be
a landmark in the futuic to teach these military
gentlemen that they are not thus to encroach on
the civil and religious rights of the citizen, whether
he be Jew or Gentile. I should be the last man
here who would wish to visit with censure any
commandcr of any department of the Army for
justly punishing those who had been violatois of
the law in his department; and I trust that I shall
be the last to palliate or exeuse any commander,
however meiitorious his conduct in other matteis
may have been, who thus stiikes cruelly and in-
humanly at a class of people, driving them from
then homes, men, women,andclnldien,upon the
shortest notice; their houses are closcd up, and
many of their stores, they inform me, are left
without an occupant, containing thousands of dol-
Uus' woith of goods.
The Senate, in my judgment, owes it to itself
to vindicate the laws and the rights of these per-
secuted Jews. I do for them what I would do for
any other citizens of this nation, or for any other
corstuuents that I have. I hope that the amend-
ment 1 propose may be adopted, that that paitof
the icsolution asking the President to countermand
the order (for the Commander-in-Chief, to his
honor be it spoken, has most promptly revoked
it) be stricken out, and then let the pieamble and
icsolution, ccnsming this order and denouncing
it as illegal, cruel, and inhuman, be passed by the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the resolution and
the amendment be indefinitely postponed. I have
nothing* to say by way of stricture upon the Jews.
They have their lights,and are deserving of their
rights, and I concur mainly in what has been said
by the Senator from Kentucky on that point, but
I do not believe it would be wise to condemn the
bra\e General Grant unheuid. Neither do I be-
lieve it would be wise to condemn him when he
and his soldiers arc struggling in the field to put
this rebellion down. I think we should leave him
whore the President has left him by revoking the
order, and 1 see no further use for the resolution
or the amendment; and therefore I have made the
motion which I have submitted.
Mr. POWELL. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that a better disposi-
tion would be to refer it to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see why we should
embarrass them with it. I think we can act upon
U.
Mr. HALE and Mr. SUMNER. Why not
table it?
Mr. CLARK. I would make amotion to table
it, but for the fact that if it be laid on the table it
v. ould be liable to be called up ugain at any time,
ami 1 want to get rid of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, i hope the
lesoiution will not be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. It is a very plain and simple
matter. General Grant issued an order that I take
u no man in the Senate approves. As soon as the
oi'uer was called to xlic attention of the President
of the United States, it was promptly revoked.
There the matter ends. I agree with the Senator
from New Hampshire that we ought not to strike
a general in the field, and condemn him unheard.
I tlo not approve of the order; I think it was un-
wise; I have no doubt it was unjust. It is wrong
to single out any particular class of men in this
country, and as a class condcrnn them. T dare
say that the rules and regulations of the Army
were interfered with in General Grant's depart-
ment by persons calling* themselves Jews, who
ought to have been excluded; but I think the order |
excluding a whole class of men is utterly indo- ■
fcnsible. The oidcr was at once and promptly
revoked by the Commander-in-Chief of the Array
to the satisfaction of the whole people of the coun-
try, and there it seems to me the matter may rest.
The rights of these persons have been promptly
vindicated, and therefore I think we may let the
matter drop without passing in the Senate ot the
United States a vote of reflection on General Grant
who issued the order perhaps inadvertently. I
j hope the Senator from Kentucky will agree to let
it pass by, and let this resolution be postponed or
go upon the table.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion takes
precedence of the previous one. The question is
upon laying the resolution on the table.
Mr. POWELL. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
! taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 7; as follows:
j YEAS-Anthony, Arnold, l i ovnunff, Claik,
I Collamoi, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittic, Foot, Fostei. Games,
; Halo, IIail.ui. Ihmis ilendoi&on, Howe, Kmc, Lane ot
, Indian i, Moiuil, Pmneioy, Ilice, ShciiiMn. Sumner, Ten
| Evck, Tttnnlmll. Wade, Willey, Wilmor, Wilson of Mas-
acliiKottsj and Wii'jht-— oO
JVAY Me?sis. Davi?, Harding,Latham.Xesmith, Povv-
i ell, tfaulsbui \, and Wilson of Mic&ouu—7.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
D1STHICT OF COLUMBIA CONVICTS.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Judi-
cial y, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
587) to provide for the imprisonment of persons
! convicted of crime bv the criminal court of the
District of Columbia, have instructed me to re-
port in favor of the bill; and as it is one of im-
portance, I ask that it may be considered now.
By unanimous consent the bill was coneidoied
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
all persons who shall hereafter be convicted by
the criminal court of the District of Columbia of
any offense, the punishment of which by law shall
be confinement in the penitentiary, shall be con-
fined dining the term for which they shall be sen-
tenced in sunn1 suitable puson in a convenient
State, whtie they can be employed at suitable la-
bor, to be designated by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. Itis to be the duty of the Secretary to contract
i with the manageisor supermtendentofasuitable
j prison in some convenient State for the imprison-
i incut and subsistence and proper employment of
j all prisoners who shall be convicted in that court
j of such offenses, on the best terms that he can.
He is to make suitablcprovision for the safe trans-
portation of all prisoneis to the prison to which
they shall be sentenced by the court, and until
they shall be so transported they are to be con-
fined in the jail of Washington city.
The bill ajso legalizes and makes valid the ac-
tion of the .Secretary of the Interior in transfer-
ring the prisoneis confined in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia to the penitentiary in
the city of Albany, New Yoik, in Septumberlast,
by direction of the President, and declares that
those prisoners shall continue in confinement m
that pnson until the expiration of their several
terms of imprisonment, or until they shall be
legally discharged. All appropriations hereto-
fore made for the support of the prisoners in the
penitentiary of the District of Columbia, or for
the payment of watchmen, laborers, and officers
| connected with that penitentiary, and all appro-
j priations which snail hereafter be made for the
j. expenses and support of prisoners convicted in
!: the District of Columbia, aic to be applied, under
ij the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, to
defray the expenses of transporting to and sub-
sisting prisoners in any prison selected by him
for their confinement. lie is also to cause to be
paid from such appropriations the sum of ten
dollars to each piisoner, when he or she shall be
legally discharged, to enable such prisoner to reach
, the point he or she may wish to go to. Whomever
I a suitable penitentiary shall be erected in the Dis-
i trict of Columbia, and completed for the reception
! of piisoners, it is to be the duty of the Secretaiy
> of the Interior to cause to be tiansfened to it all
' persons who shall then bo imprisoned outside of
j the District of Columbia, under sentence of the
| criminal court of the District.
I The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
II to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
jj ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY,
'j On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
11 Ordered^ That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
' j meet on Monday next.
ij BAllK ADMIRAL P. TORDEX8KIOLD.
jj On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S. No.
!; 438) for the relief of the owners of the Norwegian
| baik Admiral P. Tordenskiold, was lead the sec-
ond time, and consideied as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to the order
i; of the proper functionary of his Majesty the King
i ofSweden and Norway, of the sum of $14,309 13,
! in coin, as full compensation to the owners of the
! Norwegian bark Admiral P. Toidensktold, or
' their legal representatives, for damages sustained
| by that bark by reason of being pieventcd by the
j commander of the United States bloekadmg force
| at Charleston, in May, 1662, ftom leaving that
i poit with cargo, the b'aik having innocently en-
i tered during a brief interval in which the block-
| ading foice was absent.
: The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
i be engrossed, read the third time, and passed.
COUIIT Ob' CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
! previous orders, and t.ikc up the House bill for
: the reorganization of the Court of Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose that only means
during the morning houi. At the cxpnation of
, the mornine" hour the speicsal Older comes up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I oniy propose to take up
, this bill and have it considered during the morn-
| ing hour. Possibly we may pass it in that time.
I 1 do not know.
1 The motion was agreed to.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand that the
Senator from Vermont desires to present another
' matter, and there is no special necessity for pass-
nig this bill this morning,! am willing, at his sug-
gestion, to consent that it be laid aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
! be taken, if there be no objection.
PROCEEDINGS AS TO PRESIDENTIAL ARRESTS,
j Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous-
< consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
! 457) to regulate judicial proceedings m certain
j cases therein mentioned; which was lead twice by
; its title.
i Mr. COLLAMER. I move to iefer the bill to
• the Committee on the Judiciary; and 1 wish to
1 occupy7 a shoit time in relation to the occasion,
1 purposes, and object of this bill. I should havu
! been much gratified iff rould ha\ e had a little moie
I full House to hear some suggestions winch I shall
, briefly make; but I shall proceed at this time be-
| cause I want the bill to be in the hands of the
i Committee on the Judiciary at as early a period
j as possible, and I desire at least their attention to
j my views.
: Mr. President, much has already b^eu said,
| and probably moie will be said, in lelation to the
suspension of the privilege of the habeas corpus by
the Executive, and the acts which have been con-
sequent thereon, and the probable consequence
• winch may ensue from it; and we Imve before us
two bills on that subject from the Mouse of Rep-
resentatives—one of which was here at the last
. session, providing for the discharge, under cer-
■ tain conditions, ofpersons who have been arrested;
; and another, which has been sent to us at :his ses-
, sion, providing for indemnifying the Pi csident ai.d
; the executive officers for any arrest that they may
have made under this suspension of the habeas
• corpui, declaring all these proceedings legal, and
! that no suit shall he maintained upon them.
i Now, Mr. President, this 15 a pretty grave oc-
casion, and an important one; and I am free to
j acknowledge that it 13 a case not without very
i consideiablc difficulties. It has occupied my at-
