1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. The owner and proprie-
tor of that paper is a Michigan man, and lived in
Michigan for many years. He was not only un-
derstood but known to be in sympathy with the
rebels at the time treason broke out, and he kept
a regular correspondent in Alabama, at the rebel
capital, long after it was established there. He is
believed by every one in Detroit, where he lived
at that time, to be a rebel sympathizer and a trai-
tor.
Mr.RICHARDSON. Ah, Mr. President, who
believes it? Undoubtedly the Senator from Mich-
igan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Every loyal man in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator deals in
very broad declarations. It is very strange, if
that is the case, that the circulation of the paper
is so large inside of that State. It is very strange
that they have inside of Michigan so many dis-
loyalists as the Senator from Michigan would have
us believe. Now, sir, I do not believe that inside
of the State of Illinois there is any rebel. If there
is, the vigilance of our officers would have detected
him and brought him to trial and to punishment.
I am not willing to believe of those among whom
I live that there are those who arc claiming the
protection of the Government, who have friends
and neighbors and brothers in the war standing
beneath the flag, and yet are sympathizing with
those who are endeavoring to shoot them down
and overthrow the Government. No, sir; I do
not believe it. ¥do not believe that that large and
respectable minority in Michigan who lend their
support to that paper, are in sympathy with the
rebellion at all.
Mr. President, I have a single word to say in
reference to the other papers alluded to by the
Senator from Massachusetts. With the editor of
the NewYoik Express, I served in the other
branch of Congress for three or four years. He
was then a Whig, and I a Democrat. We had
many a hard-fought contest there over our politi-
cal opinions and views. It has been my pleasure
to meet hitn during the progiess of this unfortu-
nate rebellion; and I have met no man who ex-
pressed more desire to restore our Government to
the relation which it occupied before the breaking
out of the rebellion; no man apparently with less
sympathy in favor of those who are seeking to
overthrow and destroy the Government. With
one of the editors of the World { have but a pass-
ing acquaintance. With the editors of the Cin-
cinnati [inquirer, the other paper to which the Sen-
ator referred, 1 have had long acquaintance; I have
seen then papei butoccasionally. I must attribute
to Senators here who charge upon these papers
sympathy with the rebellion, thai they do so from
the /act that those papers differ from them as to
the mode by which we may accomplish the pur-
pose we have in view. Sir, I think that is all. I
have no doubt (hat each of the papers have com-
muted mistakes, not as many or as grave ones as
each Senator here has committed, however; and,
sir, I have no idea that eithei of (ho editors refened
to by the Senator would be flattered, if I claimed
for them no greater devotion to the Constitution
and the Union than the Senator has manifested.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose, Mr.
President, to enter into any reply, further than I
made on Saturday, to the Senator from Massachu-
setts. He has again chosen, in a very geneial
way, to make a fling at the charges contained
against the present Executive, in the preambles
and resolutions passed by the Democracy of Ken-
tucky. The Senator, in very classical language,
lias said that they swelter of treason. On Satur-
day I properly replied to the Senator when he
made a similar accusation. I then invited him to
a discussion of the truth of the allegations and
charges made in that bill of indictment, if it is
proper so to call it, against the President. He has
not chosen to controvert one of the charges con- ■
tained in it. Until he does that, they must stand |
as verily. Whenever (he Senator from Massa- |
chusetts or any other Senator in this Chamber |
chooses to controveit those chaiges, I am icady to \
maintain their truth. I merely desire to say to i
the Senator, and he will allow me to say it now, J
that these general statements prove nothing. I I
properly repelled them, i think, on Saturday last, j
and I am not goiyg to enter again into any con- j
troversy of that Kind. If tke Senator thinks the 1
charges are untrue, I defy him to take up the pro-
ceedings of that meeting and discuss their truth
here.
He pronounces those gentlemen disloyal be-
cause they dare tell the truth and vindicate the
violated Constitution of theircountry,andexpose,
in a clear and pointed manner, the usurpations of
the Executive. That is their offense, if any of-
fense they have committed. The Senator has
chosen to denounce all those who are opposed to
this war as either treasonable or sympathizing
with traitors. Does not the Senator know that a
man of the most elevated loyalty, who desired
theUnionmaintained and the Constitution handed
down to generations yet unborn as it came from
the hands of our fathers, unimpaired, might think
that peace, and not war, was the way to effect it?
Because a man differs from the Senator in the
mode of accomplishing these things, he chooses
to say that he is either a traitor or in sympathy
with traitors. The Senator seems to think that
all who do not shoulder the cross and follow him
in his abolition crusade against the rights of the
southern States «ire treasonable. I am ready to
meet that issue, and to show that the Senator, and
those who advocate the policy that he does, of
overthrowing the Constitution and the institutions
of the States, are advocating a policy that will ut-
terly overthrow the Union of the States. But, as
I said, it is not my purpose now to enter into that
controversy, because I thought I exhausted it on
Saturday last; but I think it requires this much
of reply. Whenever the Senator wishes further
to discuss it, I hope he will take up the charges
of usurpations contained in the Kentucky pream-
ble and resolutions, and I am ready to meet him
and maintain their truth against not only the Sen-
ator fiom Massachusetts, but against all opposi-
tion. Until then, I think the Senator may dis-
pense with general assertions. 1 have no more
to say on that subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Kentucky prates about abolition and aboli-
tionists. Tho.sephrases fallglibly from his tongue.
Sir, 1 icmemboi that the traitor Beauregard, who
directed the batteries he had raised at Charleston
to lire upon the heroic and starving garrison of
Sumter and upon the flag of his country, told
his followers to call the men who are supporting
the Government of the United States and the glo-
rious old flag of the country abolitionists. The
Senator from Kentucky brands loyal men as ab-
olitionists, thus often demonstrating on this floor
that he is an obedient follower of Beauregard.
The Senator objects to having his associates in
Kentucky branded on the floor of the Senate as
traitors and sympathizers with treason. Sir, wo
were plunged into a war by traitors without cause;
and any pretense that there was a cause is more
wicked and damning than the war itself and all
the murders and crimes that have been committed
under it. The man, wherever he may be, who
holds the loyal people of his country responsible
for this war, is making a charge that is more
wicked, and more false, and more damning than
the murderous blows aimed by tiaitors at the
bosoms of our btave soldiers on the field. The
Senator does not like to have these men m Ken-
tucky branded here as sympathizers with treason
and traitors. Sir, look at the circumstances that
envelop us this hour. We were plunged into this
causeless war; it has been going on now nearly
two years. A million of the young men of the
country have left their homes and have periled
their lives in support of the cause of the nation.
The chiefs of this unhallowed rebellion, who left
these Chambers aftet having sat here and for
months plotted and organize d civil war,and Floyd,
who left the Cabinet when there seemed nothing
more for him to steal—those men who inaugu-
rated this rebellion, scornfully and disdainfully
tell the Senator from Kentucky, and all the rest
of the tribe of peace on any terms, that they will
make no peace that is not an absolute recognition
of the southern confederacy. Jefferson Davis, the
other day, told his deluded and guilty compeers
that if the choice was submitted to them to make ;
a union with hyenas or with the Yankees—and j
they call us all Yankees who are loyal to the conn- !
try, and I am proud of the epithet—they would \
choose the hyenas. No doubt of it. Their chiefs }
everywhere,their paperseverywhere,disdainfully J
and scornfully spit upon the men in the free States j
who prate about an armistice or peace on any other ■
basis than the recognition of the southern confed-
eracy. That is the issue before the country. It
is not a compromise with the traitors; it is not a
peace with them by which they are to come back
to these seats and be a part of the Union. They
spurn peace in the Union with scorn and ineffable
contempt. And yet, sir, with these evidences of
their feelings, with these evidences of their proud,
haughty defiance of their obligations and of the
power of the country, with their rankling venom
against the people of the United States, against
our Government, and against republican institu-
tions—with all these accumulated evidences of the
conduct of the men whose hands are stained with
the blood of our loyal countrymen, these Ken-
tucky Democrats assembled the other day in the
capital of that State, and arraigned the President
of the United States as guilty of usurpation,and
as a tyrant. One of the charges against him is
that he has allowed " his armies to overrun Ken-
tucky. " The gallant sons of the Northwest who
for the last eighteen months have been traversing
" that Commonwealth," fighting to defend the
loyal homes of Kentucky, and protect that State
against Ruckner and Preston and Breckinridge
and Marshall and the confederate armies, are de-
nounced, and the Administration is denounced
for allowing these brave men " to overrun Ken-
tucky." Our Army officers have taken corn and
hay and oats for the use of the brave men who
were upholding the flag of the country on the soil
of Kentucky; and the President of the United
States is arraigned and denounced, and the Sen-
ator comes into this Chamber and indorses the
denunciation. Shame on the arraigners,and shame
on the men who indorse it! [Manifestations of
applause in the galleries.]
Sir, what else did they do? Here we are in this
war; it must be fought out, and the authority of
the Government maintained,or this Union is dis-
membered, this Government overthrown, and this
nation blotted from the map of nations. That is
the issue. These men of Kentucky, after arraign-
ing the President of the United States for acts of
humanity, for acts in favor of human rights and
Democratic institutions, acts for which the world
will bless his name when these Kentucky traitors
rot in dishonored giaves—these men of Kentucky,
secessionists who call themselves Democrats, in-
structed the Senators from Kentucky, and request-
ed the Representatives from Kentucky, to oppose
this war. I do not think they needed even for their
purposes to have " instructed" the Senator. If
they had studied his record, if they had read his
history since this war began, they would not have
thought it necessary to " instruct" him. But they
did u instruct" him, and they did x'equest the
Representatives from Kentucky, to oppose this
war, to oppose granting to this Government men
or money to fight the battles of the country. Ac-
cursed , thrice accursed be the man who would " in-
struct" Senators to vote against granting money
to pay and feed and clothe our armies in the field.
The Senator calls those men loyal to the country
who can rise up in this ct isis of the country, when
the nation is struggling for existence, and say,
" we instruct our Senators and request our Rep-
resentatives to oppose this war, to oppose giving
any more men or money for the prosecution of
the war." Sir, the man who conceived that prop-
osition, who penned that proposition, who pro-
claimed that proposition, is a traitorat heart,and
he would have arms m ins hands were he not a
coward. [Manifestations of applause in the gal-
leries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clakk in
the chair.) The Chair will remind the galleries
that there must be no tokens of applause or dis-
approbation from the galleries.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. They not
only instruct the Senator to oppose granting men
or money to maintain the integrity of this Union
and to preserve the life of this nation, but these
traitors propose to send delegates or commission-
ers to Jeff Davis to see if they cannot patch up a
truce, an armistice, during which they may nego-
tiate an mgloiious and infamous peace that shall
sacrifice the Republic and blot this nation out of
the family of nations.
The Senator from Kentucky does not like to
have us call these men by their right name; but I
say that they are traitors, cowardly traitors to this
Republic, men who deserve to die traitor deaths
and to leave traitor names in the history of the
