The congressional globe.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED 3*Y JOHN C. KITES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1863.
New Series No. 75.
Republic. The Senator complains that this horde
of traitors was dispersed by the bayonets of the
United States. Why should your armies in the
field pour shot and she'll into the ranks of the trai-
'tms with arms it) their hands under the confed-
eiate flag, and then spare tins conclave of Demo-
cratic traitors? Why, in God5s name, should our
armies traverse the laud of the rebellion under the
flag of our country to bhootdown the men whose
hands are uplifted to overthrow ourGovernment,
to destroy our nation, and allow an assemblage
of men like these Kentucky Democrats to pro-
claim their treasonable sentiments and nominate
their traitor associates to run for the high offices
of the Siate of Kentucky?
Sir, the voice of this nation, the judgment of
this age, the future with us coming millions, every-
thing instinct with patriotism rebukes these Ken-
tucky traitors, and indorses the Government for
dispersing them. Sir, what would your brave
men in the field, whose ranks are wasted by dis-
ease and death, say if the Government of their
country allowed these traitors thus to assemble
mid to propose that their ranks shall not be filled,
that they shall not be paid their wages, that they
shall not be fed or clothed ? That is the proposi-
tion of these Kentucky traitors, that the Senators
mid members from Kentucky should oppose the
prosecution of this war, should oppose clothing
and feeding and paying the brave men who are
upholding the cause of our countty in the field,
and the sailois who are riding upon the waves
under the protecting folds of the national flag. To
carry outthat proposition, they desiie a cessation
of hostilities and a commission to visit Davis and
his compeers in treason and cr.ime; and yet, sir,
tlie Senator from Kentucky, .sensitivelycareful of
the good name of his associates, does not like to
have them called traitors. 1 choose to call things
by their right names, and I s.xy if Benedict Arnold
was a traitor, these men of Kentucky aie traitors.
Su, I do not choose to pursue this subject fur-
ther. I had no desire to enter into this discus-
sion. I have sat here quietly for month after
month and heard sentiments uttered which my
soul abhorred, which every sentiment of patriot-
ism rebuked, but I was desirous and I am desir-
ous of uniting rather than of dividing the people,
but I tell you, sir, the time has come and now it
is upon us, when we, with the clear vision of the
unhooded hawk, must hunt out and hunt down
the traitors, whether they are m the land of the
rebellion or in the loyal States. Yes, sir, we must
detect, ferret out, and scourge into silence and
inaction rebels and rebel apologists and sympa-
thizers wherever they dare utter their voices or
lift their hands against the Republic.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is riot my design, Mr.
President, to follow Senators in the discussion of
the partisan issues which have been brought before
the Senate, and I should not rise now to s«y any-
thing but that some points have been made in re-
gard to the bill under consideration which seem to
be taken, because they are not answered, as valid.
Now, sir, I protest against its being assumed by
Senators who day after day repeat their partisan
speeches in this body, and who denounce the ac-
tion of the Senate on different occasions as un-
constitutional, and who claim par excellence to he
the champions of the Constitution, because we do
not take up the time of the Senate in answering
ail these accusations, that they are, therefore, to
be taken as true. I deny thatScnntois upon the
other«ideof the Chamber, who say so much about
the Constitution, are any greater sticklers for its
provisions or foi its spirit than we aie here. I
claim to be guided by the Constitution in my ac-
tion as strictly as any other Senator. I defend no
measure, I vote for no bill winch, in my judg-
ment, is not constitutional. I do not claim to be
infallible myself, and I deny the light of other
Senators to set themselves up as infallibleon con-
stitutional questions. My colleague, the other
day, in the discussion on another'qnostion which
was before the Senate in regard to aiding the State
of Missouri to abolish slavery, took occasion to
say thai I admitted the unconstitutionality of the
75
measure by a question which I put to the honor*
able Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] Sir,
I did not take up the time of the Senate in reply-
ing to it then, but 1 admitted no such thing. I be-
lieved the measure to be constitutional, but we
could do no business in this body, we could not
attend to the great measures of legislation if we
stopped to discuss with every Senator the questions
of constitutionality which he may think proper to
raise. Now, sir, there have been two or three ob-
jections made to the bill under consideration,
chiefly by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Pow-
ell], and I wish to reply to those objections so
far as they refer to this bill.
He objects that the bill declares that the Pres-
ident of the United States shall have authority,
by proclamation, to suspend " the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus in all cases of political of-
fenses.'* He says the term " political offenses"
is not a technical U'i m, it has no fixed and definite
meaning; and thut it is uncertain what it does
mean, and he asks, who is to decide what is meant
by <£ political offensesAre you to leave it to
the President to decide, in his discretion? And he
thinks this is monstrous. Now, 1 will compro-
mise with the Senator from Kentucky, who is in
favor of compromise, and 1 will sh ike out of the
bill the words " in ail cases of political offenses,"
and then the President will be authorized to sus-
pend the wiit of habeas corpus whenever, in his
judgment, the public safety requires it during this
rebellion, everywhere and for all offenses. Will
that suit the Senator from Kentucky ? Sir, these
words, so far as they have any meaning, are a lim-
itation upon the authouty of the President of the
United States to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
and nolan enlargement. It is entirely competent
for Congress to authorize the President to sus-
pend the wi it of habeas corpus during this rebellion
thioughout the United States. Docs anybody
doubt that? Docs the Senator from Kentucky
doubt it? And sir, if we may authorize him to
suspend it generally, may we not authorize him
to suspend H in cases of political offenses, and
leave him to determine what political offenses aie ?
!f he were authorized to suspend it without lim-
itation, that authority would include political of-
fenses as well as other charges.
So much for the term 44 political offenses." But,
again, the Senator from Kentucky denies the au-
thoiity of Congress to authorize the X>rcsident to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus. lie admits that
the writ of habeas corpus may be suspended m case
of rebellion or invasion, whenever the public
safety requires it, but lie says that Congress can-
not delegate this authoiity. The Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Carlile] says the same thing; the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] says the
same thing. They say that the Piesident has not
power without an act of Congress to suspend it,
and that Congress alone can exercise this power,
and cannot delegate it to the President; it is a
power exclusively in Congress, and to be exer-
cised by Congress. Now, I apprehend itiseasy
to show that such is not the proper construction
of the Constitution. The Constitution divides the
departments of Government into three, the exec-
utive, the legislative, and the judicial; and while
the legislative department may make a law pro-
viding for a thing being done, the legislative de-
partment cannot execute it any more than the
executive depaitment can make a law. They are
distinct, and it is the great beauty of our system
of government that we have these distinct and
separate departments. Now, sir, let us see how
the Constitution is construed in other respects.
The Constitution says, in so many words, that
Congress shall have power "to borrow money on
the credit of the United States," but does it bor-
row money? It must do it through some instru-
mentality, and we have passed various bills at
every session of Congress, whenever there has
been occasion to raise more money than was de-
rived from the ordinary sources of revenue, au-
thorizingthe borrowing of money. And who does
it? his done through the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as a geaeral thing, and he is invested with
1 ;     'i.i ,.i
great discretion in this respect. He is authorized,
to sell bonds, to issue Treasury notes, to receive
money on deposit. Frequently it is left to his dis- 
cretion as to how he will raise the money which
ts required. Does anybody deny the power of
Congress to do this, and must Congress itself bor-
row the money?
Another clause of the Constitution declares that
Congress shall have power to "grant letters of
marque and reprisal." It was only the other day
that we passed a bill authorizing the Presidentof
the United States to grant letters of marque and
reprisal when lie should think that the exigencies
of the public service wpuld justify them. 1 do
not know whether the Senator from Kentucky
voted for that bill; I have not looked to see, but
I think it very likely that he did. Such a law wag
passvd during the last war with Great Britain.
The power is express, that Congress shall have
authority to grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and yet we confer that authority on the President.
It was done forty years ago, and was done a few
days since, so far as this body is concerned, and
probably with the assent of the Senator from Ken-
tucky himself. Now, sir, suppose that the Con-
stitution had read that 44 Congress shall have au-
thority, in cases, of rebellion oi invasion, the public
safety requiring it, to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas coiyus," just as it does read that
" Congress shall have power to grant letters of
marqueandreprisal,"if we couldconferthepower
on the President in the one case could we not in
the other?
Again, a stronger case still, one which has re-
ceived judicial sanction, and has been called to my
attention by the Senator fronrTei mont, [Mr. Col-
lamer.] Under the Constitution authority is
given to Congress "to provide for calling forth the
militia to executc the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions." Under that
authority granted m the Constitution, Congress,
at an early day, authouzed the President to de-
cide when an insurrection had arisen which would
authorize the calling forth of the militia, transferred
this power to the President, and upon that ques-
tion a ease arose in the Supreme Court of the
United States, which has often been referred to in
this body, and the question was whether the case
of insurrection had arisen which would authorize
the calling forth of the militia.
Mr. COLLAMER. Whether an invasion had
taken place; that was the contingency. The Sen-
ator refers to the case of Martin vs. Mott in 19
Wheaton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language is precisely
the same in reference to invasion and insurrec-
tion; they are both in the same connection. The
court decided in that case that it was not a ques-
tion for the court, but for the Executive; that Con-
gress had authority to confer this power upon the
courts. Had Congress thought proper to author-
ize the militia to be called out when the judge of
the court should think it advisable to suppress in-
surrection or repel invasion; had Congress de-
volved upon some judge the authority to decide
that question, it would have been constitutional;
but Congiess more appropriately, as the court
said, devolved this high responsibility on the Pres-
ident, and the court decided that the decision of
the President was final, it was the decision of a
political question that the courts could not inquire
into.
And yet while Congress exercises through in-
strumentalities all these poweis which are con-
ferred upon it, and must so exeicise them, we are
told that Congress cannot delegate the authority to
suspend the wi it of habeas corpus. Why, sir, you
could not carry on this Government a day unless
the powers which are vested m Congress could be
exercised and carried out by instrumentalities other
than Congiess itself. Congress cannot go into
the money markets of the woild to borrow money;
Congress cannot bring into the Capitol here the
machinery for coining money; Congress does not
giant letters of marque and lepnsal, but they are
granted through the executive authority; and so
Congress does not suspend the writ of habeas cor•
