1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
tention somewhat, and I have come, in my own
mind, to ceitain results which I desire to present
in the form of tins bill. In the first place, I never
could understand why so much fault was found
with General Jackson, when Presidentof the Din-
ted States, for saying that he must oxecuie the I!
Constitution as he understood it. I do not know
to tins day what was the foundation of the com-
plaint, I do not know how else any department
of this Government, executive, legislative, or ju-
dicial, can executo the Constitution. If any man j|
can tell me in what way they can carry the Con- i,
stitution into effect, except in the manner in which ,!
they understand it, I should like to have the secret i|
revealed to me. We have to do bo, and i take it ji
all have to do so when the occasion arises. }'
Now, sir, it becomes us to consider, what is j
truly the case, that hie Executive is a cooruinate \,
branch of tins Government with ourselves. We, t,
Logethor with the House of Representatives, make '
the legislative department, and arc in no way su- j |
perior to him. Wiaiin the sphere of our juris- !
diction we ha\o the same lights as the Executive, i'
and no moic. The Executive is just as much j;
clothed with authority, and bound in duty when
called on, 10 give construction to the Constitution -
m the execution of it as we are, and his decision ■,
is just as binding as ours. I know there is a feci-
ing—what it arises fiom I cannot say—thnsome- j!
iiow or othei the legislative department is supe- !'
nor to the other departments of the Government. \[
I am sure, if eac 1' is kept within its regular sphere 1
of juiisdiction, I do not know v herein; and it, is
not common courioxj- for one department of this ji
Goveiiiniriit to say to aeothci, "We say the :j
Constitution means so and iv), ami we are mful-
hble." The judicial y, win a the question arises ,!
before them in the piopei form, decide the Con- ,!
stitution in the particular suit, and that is all tbere 11
is in their decision. j'
Now, sir, the Piesidentof the United States. ;
in this great exigency of public affairs, in the ie~ ■
cess of Congress, was called upon, as he viewed i
it, to give construction to that provision of the ;
Constitution which declares that the privilege of j
the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended j
except when, in a tune of rebellion or invasion, {
the public safety requires it. The President did
give construction t') that clause, because those |
words evidently imply that in such a contingency j
as lebelhon or inva>ion? w hen the public safety ,
icqunes it, the privilege of the habcascorpits may j
be suspended, h does not say so in direct terms,
but that is its nr^esscny implication. He gate |
construction to that clause. He had t he opinion j
of the logo! counselor of the President, agreeing i
with the opinion of such a man as the ex-Attor- >
ncy General, Mr. Johnson, agreeing with Mr. j
Piimey, agieemg with Chief Justicc Parker, and j
many otheis that I might mention, leading men j
as statesmen, as civilians, and as lawyois in the
nation. No man, J believe, will protend to say—
I have not yet hcaul it said—that he believes tho
Piesident made a mistake m that construction,
and did it intentionally; that is to say, that it was
a usurpation of power. He may have made a
mistake in it. There maybe differences of opin-
ion about that. 1 take it theic are differences of
opinion as fo whether it v/as intendrd that the ■,
suspension in the cmeigeaey looked to should bo
decided upon by the Piesident, or whether it ,
should bo derided upon by an act of legislation.
There aic djiTeirnces of opinion about that; and
so thcie may ho about a great many things. J
do not think, because nn unconstitutional law has ,,
been passed, that therefoie this Government is L
destroyed. I believe, pciaontuiy, that Con^ros's
have passed some laws tha' aie not constitu- .
tional; but I do not, therefore, despair of the ■
Government, it would ill become me to savtluu
such a consequence as the destruction of the'Gov- ,
eminent would follow hecaii.-.o Congress passed
a law which I thought wan unconstitutional. A j,
majority thought othei wise, and I submit to it. ;
The President has made this decision What ,
if I should think he was wrong? Docs it follow ;
that therefore I must consider mv opinion, or the
opinion of this body, or of the two Kou-cs, to be
infallible on the subject? Not el e'l. The Pres-
ident has acted nt least in good lonh about it, and '
he holds, and has acted upon that holding, that '
it was i'oi the Executive to decide v, iictiiei tuc
ook igc ncy mentioned m the Constitution had hap- !;
pened. Arrests have bt^n made in pursuance of 11
this construction; imprisonments have followed
to_ a considerable extent; and now the question
arises, what shall be done about it, bccause it is
said, and said with truth, that hereaiv suits being
brought against the various officers who have acted
under that decision and under the direction of the
Executive, and they may be brought against the
Executive himself, and there is no knowing what
may be the cndoi'aH these suits. What shall we
do about it? Suppose we should think that he
had committed a mistake in giving that construc-
tion to theConstitution: that would settle nothing.
It seems to me that when he was called upon, aifd
did, in the exercise of his best discretion and his
best advice, make this decision and take his action
accordingly, common courtesy at least requires
that we, as a coordinate branch of this Govern-
ment, should ticat that as, for the time being, a
fact s-v ttled; we air <.o treat it as being settled by
as competent a body an ourselves, and to shape
our legislation acooidingiy. Now, sir, what shall
it be5*
In the first place, it seems to me that we should
not 1'ajA nor attempt to pav; a bill, and send it to
the President for his approval, in which it is ne-
c.'^sanly implied that his decision \wvj wrong.
Are we to pass a law, and send u to him for ap-
proval, and in that law declare what amounts to
saying that he has don j tin t which he had no au-
ihomy or ri^ht to do tinder the Constitution, and
ask him to approve that, ami to publish before the
world that he lias d jno that whieh lie had no legal
right to do; and are we to insmr, on that being done
because we may differ with him in opinion about
this subject? Is that common courtesy? Can we
get along; with the Government m that way, es-
pecially m a time of trialand trouble like t.nsr I
think not. No such law should be passed.
In the next place, Mr. President, it &eems to mo
thut if we ... oprehend that it may b" viewed by the
courts, whenever the question corner to them,
that thin w:v an exercise of unfounded authority
m the* President, though done m good faith, we
can hardly expect to strangle and smother up the
fact of the unlawfuland unconstitutional proceed-
ing by passing additional unconstitutional laws.
If lie lias suspended the habeas corpus, as we be-
iie\e, unlawfully, I hardly think we should cure
that matter by suspending all the other laws of the
countiy, a measure which would be still more ob-
jectionable. These are tho two points which I
think should be avoided in our legislation.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'cluHr having arrived, it becomes the duty of
the Ch.u. t-M'ull up the snecial order.
Mr. TIUJMjiULL. 1 hope n will be post-
poned in formally, to enable the Senator from Ver-
mont to conclude his icmarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be puisued, if there be uoohprtion. The Chair
heais none. The Senator i\om Vermont will
procccd.
Mr. C0ELAMEI1. Mr. President, why is the
writ of habeas corpus required own* to be suspend-
ed? What is the suspension for? What is to be
eiiectcd by it? The very occasion to which it is
confined shows that the fiomcrs of the Constitu-
tion viewed it as being sometimes necessary. It
was only to be in a tune of lobciiiou, oi a time of
iMvar-.on. VviiJe forming the Constitution to pro-
tect the injutn of the pooph , and preserve them
w,ih great caie, and ]no\:dmg for time:-: of quiet-
ness and peace, it occurred at once to those men,
" pll this will be very well for peaceable times; l.mt
theie may come trials to the nation, when its ex-
istence wii! he in jeopardy, when these limitations
of power will not answer; v/e must have some
nun e no wei, in, 1,- ti'i tl e Executive, for such a
period of storm and trial, and'herefore u may be
necessary t<  suspend th.^ gnat wnt o {'habeas
rorp t'vS. v. i;o h enables the courts to interfere with
the Executive even on such a necessary occasion;
we will depi i\ e the courts, or they may be m such
a contingency deprived of their power to intei fere
wlth the executive in such an extremity.*' What
did the EkcchUu' need to do for these periods of
extremity- What was wanted^ li was this: that
he might, if the privilege oi that writ was sus-
pended, airest people who hud not committed
cr.mes, and hold tin m to pre\ ent their committing
crimes that would put the nation in jeopardy. It
he was only to anes; those people who had com-
mitted crimes, he could do that without having
the habeas corpus suspended at alh That is not
what was wanted by it. The suspension is wanted
to enable him to do more than to arrest people
who have committed crimes. It is, when the
public exigency requires it, and the public safety
renders it necessary, to arrest and hold people
who have not committed crime. That is the very;
object of the suspension.
That is not,all, sir. He needs it for a further
purpose; and that is for the arresting and holding
of people who have committed crimes, to prevent
their being tried. It may be that gentlemen may
think this rather an extravagant assertion; but I
do assert that it is as necessary as the other in
periods of national extremity. We have had illus-
trations of it already before our eyes. There may
be very heavy and important State reasons why
a man, for instance, should not be executed for
treason committed. It may be very important to
the country (and of that the Executive alone can
be the judge) when the hanging shall begin. Why,
sir, it is not twelve months since the Presidentof
the United States took some men in the city of
Philadelphia, who were, I believe, condemned as
pirates, out of the hands of the civil authority to
prevent their being hung, in order to save the
lives of Ins colonels down here in the land of the
enemy. That may be quite asimportant a feature
in the executive power on an occasion of this kind,
as it is to hold people to prevent their coalmining
treason upon us.
With these remarks I ought to call attention for
a few moments to the two bills which we have be-
fore us, and for which I had prepared my bill
with a view to its being made a substitute, though
I have no desire to press H upon my own opinion
merely. I want to get it before the committee,
and 1 should be pleased to have my views, such
ay they aie, befote that committee; but the gentle-
men are not ail present. The first bill to which
I shall call jUention is the bill entitled "An act to
piovide for tho discharge of State prisoners and
others,''tec. It goes on to provide in its first
section that the Secretaries of State and of War
shall leturn to the judges of the circuit and dis-
trict courts the names of all the persons that are
imprisoned in the circuit where they belong or in-
habit, and then provides thatif those persons have
been confined past a term of the court at which
there has been n grand jury and have not been put
on their trial, the judge shall discharge them. It
makes other provisions in relation to those whose
cases have not been passed upon, that the judges
may take bonds for their trial, &c. It will be
observed that the bill goes on the ground that
those imprisonments done and made under the
authority of the Executive are unlawful, unless,
indeed, the men were confined for a crime; for it
piovides that if the teim has gone by, and they
have not been put on trial, and no indictment has
been found against them, they shall bedischaiged.
The bill goes on the ground that if the President
has imprisoned any one under the suspension of
the habeas corpus, (which would give him the right
to imprison without their being guilty of crime,) .
lie has done unlawfully, and the man is to be dis-
charged. It !.yo* on the ground that anything he
has acne by way of imprisoning these people is
not in the h ast altered by his suspension of the
habeas corpus*; that is to say, " wo arc rightabout
the conduction of the suspension of the habeas
corpus act, and you aie wrong." We make our .
lav/ on that ground. 1 have alieady stated in my
rematks why I think we should notdo so. These
1 aie the essential features of the bill. There is
: another scclion in it about the suspension of the
| habeas corpus to which I shall hereafter allude.
; The other bid which we have befuie us is en-
titled "An art to indemnify the President and
, other persons for suspending tho privilege of the
i writ of habeas corpus and acts done in pursuance
| thereof,1' and it enacts :
| u That ;\11 Mich suspensions, ;urests, and imprisonments,
1 bv wimnjsoc\ei iiiiuh or cau<e<l to be made, under the
, utllot it) o.' the -raid Pre-uleut, thall be: continued ami made
; v.imI; .uul i!k -«u! l'lc.-ulcnt, fc?ccust;mo?, heads ot Do-
: p;:ittinnit-. and all }>ei<on^ who have been conecrned in
J m ikmcr witd ain*^N, or m doinjr ot advMni* any such acts
1 a-- a'oie-aul, aie hotel)} ludemniticd and diseluugcd in rc-
| ip.'et tie-'eol; and ail indiCfuienN and inf'oima'ton, ae-
| ' uu-, pio*-<jcutiot;s, and proceeding's wiiat-oe\ er eom-
I nicticed.orto becoimuohf cd. against the said President,or
( anv oi the porous alorcsmd, in ictauon to the acts and
! iriauer.- aloie^aid, or any of them, aie hereby discharged
; aul made void.'5
1 I am aware that that is, probably, a very near
« resemblance to those indemnity or rather obhv-
