1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 m
evidence in mitigation of damages. That has
always been ruled by the courts. If they do not
receive such evidence, it is error. But, sir, there
are many cases besides criminal prosecutions,
where probable cause is held to be an entire de-
fense. It is so in all cases in admiralty; it is so
in all cases under the customs and revenue laws;
probable cause excuses the defendant in court.
The statute of 1815, to which I have alluded,after
providing that officers of the United States who
were sued in the State courts for acts done under
the non-intercourse act might remove those suits
into the circuit court of the United States, further
provided:
<k In any suit or prosecution against any person for any act
or tlung done as an ofiicei of the customs, or any poisons
aiding or agisting such officer therein, and judgment shall
be given against the defendant or respondent, n it shall ap-
peal to the court before which such suit oi piosccution
shall be tried that there vva-s probable cause foi doing such
actor thing, «uch court shall order a proper ceituicate or
entry to be made thereof, and in such case the defendant
or respondent shall not be liable for costs, nor shall be liable
to execution or to any action of damages, or to any other
mode of prosecution lor any act done by him as aforesaid."
I have put a second section in my bill, that after
these cases are removed into the circuit court of the
United States, if in any suit orprosecution against
any person for any cause mentioned in the first
section, where judgment shall be rendered against
the defendant or respondent, it shall appear to the
court before which such suit orprosecution shall
be tried that there was reasonable or probable
cause for the defendant's act, or if it shall appear
to the court that he acted in good faith in making
such arrest or causing such imprisonment, the
court shall order a proper certificate or entry to
be made thereof, and thereupon no execution shall
issue or further proceeding be had against the de-
fendant or respondent for such cause of action or
upon such judgment.
That seems to me to be precisely adapted to the
case, not to strangle up the condition of things,
and not to blink it; not to betray fear and apprehen-
sion, but to legislate in relation to the regulation of
judicial proceedings, as the exigency may require
m the constitutional way, and as our fathers did
when the case arose. True it is, I have used not
merely the phrase " probable cause," but have
further provided that if it shall appear that the
defendant acted in good faith, that fact shall be
certified by the judge, and the defendant shall not
be liable to pay damages. I wish to explain why
I have said that. 1 have said that the President
needed this power in these emergencies of the
country, for the purpose frequently of prevent-
ing people from going to the enemy and commit-
ting treason—persons who had not yet committed
crime. " Probable cause" is a legal term, known
to the profession, technical. It relates to showing
good ground to believe that a man has committed
a crime. Now, if an arrest was made of a man
to prevent his committingacrnne, the term "prob-
able cause" could not apply to it, and hence I
have inserted the other term, which is almost a
correlative in law of" probable cause/' that if it
is found that the defendant acted in good faith,
it shall be certified, and he shall not be called
upon to pay damages.
Mr. President, I do not want to occupy unne-
cessarily the attention of the Senate now, though
I probably shall not have occasion hereafter to
say any more about this matter; but I will not
further enlaige upon the subject. I will, however,
say that I have added another section to this bill,
which I wish to explain. Gentlemen will boar in
mind that a writ of error from a circuit court to
the Supreme Court of the United States does not
lie, unless the matter in controversy involves
$2,000 in value. 1 do not wish to have that pi o-
vision apply to these cases, and I have therefore
inserted a third section in the bill, providing that
when a final judgmentis rendered m any of these
cases in the circuit court, it may be carried by
writ of error to the Supreme Court, notwithstand-
ing the amount of the judgment. I want to ex-
plain why I think that is necessary.
Suppose, without this statute, thata man wre
tried lor this alleged offense, and it was decided
that he had no defense, that, though he acted in
good faith, damage must still bo given; the high-
est court of a State having been called upon to
decide that the order of the President constituted
a good defense under aproper construction of the
Constitution of the United States, and having re-
fused so to decide, a bill of exceptions, if prop-
erly drawn, would present that question upon the
record,and then, by the twenty-fifth section of the
judiciary act, that case could be carried from the
highest State tribunal to the United States Supreme
Court, without regard to the amount of money
involved, for the limitation of amount (under
which you cannot carry a case up to the Supreme
Court) applies only to a suit in the circuit court
of the United States. Hence in all these cases,
the parties would have a right to carry them un-
der the present law, from the highest State court
to the Supreme Court of the United States. Now,
I desire that if they go into thecircuitcourtof the
United States, they shall not lose that right for
the want of having a sufficient amount involved;
and therefore I propose to have the matter open
to investigation by all branches of the Supreme
Court of the United States to which the parties
may think proper to resort. This seems to me
adapted to the exigencies of the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) It is moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCJMNKR. I move that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER FORCE l'OK KENTUCKY.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to take up the bill (H.
R, No. 137) to authorize volunteers to be raised for
the protection of the State of Kentucky.
Mr. FOSTER. I trust it may bo under the same
general consent, laying aside the bankrupt bill, as
before, without taking any vote paiticularly.
The PRESiDINGr OFFfCER. If there be no
objection, the bankrupt bill will be laid aside in-
formally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to this bill
coming up. I had made a motion when the Sen-
ator from Vermont desired to present his views,
which was adopted by the Senate, to take up the
bill amending the act establishing the Court of
Claims. It was taken up and immediately laid
aside in order to give the Senator from Vermont
an opportunity to introduce a bill and make some
remarks upon it. I desire to go on with that bill.
I trust that it will not be postponed for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill to organize a volunteer
force for the State of Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky insist upon his motion?
Mr. DAVIS. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the pendingand all prior orders
be postponed, and that the Senate pioceed to the
consideiation of the bill indicated by the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I hope the
Senator will allow us to go on with the bill that
is up. I do not see why all other business should
be suspended for the purpose of organizing this
militia force for Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to inquire has this
bill been committed to the Committee on Military
Affairs nnd come buck to the Senate?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sjr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
with an amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs Arnold, Browning, Coliamcr, Cowan,
Davici, Divon, Foot, , iiaidmg, Hams, Henderson,
Howe, King, Lane ot Indiana, iMouiIl, Ncsrmlh, Powell,
Saul-htiry, Sheinian, Ten Kyck. Wilkinson, WiHey, Wil-
son ol' Ma-'-.u hu--(,tt>,Wi!>oii of 3h^ouu, and Wnght—iT>.
XAYS—-Me-srs. Anthony, Claik, Doolittlc, IVf-.enden,
Ilarlan, Pomeroy, itiee, Smunei, Tiumbull, Wade, and
\Y liinot—J J.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rise simply to announce
that the Senator from Michigan, Air. Howard,
is detamed from the Senate by reason of illness.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11. No.
137) to authorize the raising of a volunteer force
for the better defense of Kentucky; the question
being on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, which
was to strike out nil after the enacting clause of
the bill, and insert the following:
That the Governor of the State of Kentucky, by the con-
sent and under the direction of the President of the United
States, shall hav« power to raise and organize into regi-
ments a volunteer force notexcceding twenty thousand,htok
and file, to serve for the term of twelve months, to be em-
ployed within the limits of Kentucky in repelling invasion,
suppressing insuirection, and guarding and protectiBg the
public property: Provided, That at any time it may be ne-
cessary, in the discretion of the President of the United
States, these troops may be employed oat of the limits of
Kentucky against the enemies ot the United States.
Sec. *2. Jlnd be it Jurther enactcd} That iho regimental
and company officers shall be appointed and commissioned
by the State of Kentucky according to the laws thereof:
Provided, That the officers of said regiments shall be enti-
tled to pay only when the legiments or companies are filled
as now required by law, and while in actual service.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the regiments,
when laired and officered as aforesaid, shall be mustered
into the set vice of the United States and be subject to the
command of the President of the United States.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be 11 further enacted, Th.it the officer and
soldiers thus enrolled and mustered into seiviee shah ha
subject to the rules and articles of war, and shall he placed
| on the same footing as other volunteers in the seiviee of
! the United States a  to pay, subsistence, clothing, and other
j emoluments, except bounty, for and during the tune they
| may be in actual service,
[ Sec. 5. Jlnd be it fmtker enacted, That a poition of this
■ volunteer corps, not exceeding tsvo jegiments, may, when
• necessary in the opinion of the President of the United
; States, be mounted and armed as mounted uflemen.
j Si:c.G. fee it/itrMercnadec/, That the President shall
S have power to make f-uch other legulationsin regard to the
I oigamzanon and service of this toice as he shall deem ex-
j pedient for the interest of the seiviee.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, by and with the
j consent of the President of the United States, the volun-
| teeis authorized to be raised by tins act, or any portion of
| them, may be attached to and become part of the body of
the thiee years Kentucky volunteers, according to such
lulcs and lobulations as the Piesident of the United States
may pie&ciibe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vote which hasjust
been taken would seem to indicate that the Senate
is disposed to pass this bill, and I do not suppose
that anything I can say m reference to it will
change the disposition of the Senate m that re-
spect; still I deem it my duty to protest as earn-
estly as I can against the enactment of this bill
into a law. I confess myself surprised that the
; Military Committee, after what we have known
I in regard to the organization of this species of
force in the different States, should have recom-
mended the passage of this bill. The country
cannot have forgotten, Senators cannot but re-
member, in the early stages of this rebellion what
was done in legard to Kentucky. I remember
very well when Buckner—I think at that time the
adjutant general of the State of Kentucky. Am
I coriect?
Mr. DAVIS. Inspector general.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Buckner, the inspector
general of the State of Kentucky, visited the city
of Washington, urging the sending out of arms
to arm the home guards of Kentucky. 1 recol-
lect when he was here and visited our fortifica-
tions. He went upon the other side of the river,
looked into our works, inspected our troops, was
in consultation with the Government; and I re-
member when arms were sent by the thousand
into the State of Kentucky, to arm the home,
guards of Kentucky; and at that very time the
soldiers that were being raised in the State of Illi-
nois had not an arm or a gun, and they were held
back for weeks and months for the want of arms
which were being supplied to these home guards
in Kentucky, raised under, as I understand, the
auspices of such men as Buckner.
Mr. DAVIS. Not one of them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not raised under his au-
spices ?
Mr. DAVIS. Not one of them'.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was inspector gen-
eral of the State at the time, as I understand.
Mr. DAVIS. He was opposed to that organ-
ization wholly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, what became of
those arms that went there? We found them in
the hands of the men captured at Donelson and
elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. Never.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I understand we
found a great portion of them there, and this very
man, Buckncr, who came here and was in consult-
ation with the Government, was one of the men
that were captured at Donelson, fighting against
this Government. I do not say that that will be
the case in regard to these forces; I do not know
that it will be; of course the Military Committee
do not believe that it will; but unless there is a
pressing necessity for such a bill, why is it to be
passed ? Why is a separate organization to begot
up in the State of Kentucky?
