1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it can thus be brought to. It is a measure proper
in itself, which I, as a Senator from the State of
Kentucky, would not hesitate to vote for Illinois
or any other State that occupied the condition und
the circumstances that Kentucky now does. It
isbecause we can render more effective service to
the cause of the Union, to the suppression of the
rebellion, to the subjugation of the armies of the
rebels, as we believe, by being authorized to raise
this local force for our" own defense—Kentucky
being one of the great and important battle-fields
of this war—than we can by a three years force,
that we ask it.
I will show to the honorable Senator from
Illinois, now, that I believe the loyal people of
Kentucky, reduced as they are by defection and
treachei y, have this day filled up every requisition
of the General Government upon them.
I believe now, this day, that they have raised
every man that the three requisition^ demanded
from them. That is my information and my belief;
but it is in addition to filling these requisitions that
we ask the piivilege of raising, if we can, twenty
thousand troops for a service that the Senate so
well understand, both by the plain and perspicu-
ous terms in which the bill is written, and by the
explanations which have been given of it by other
members. It never entered into my imagination
—and! suppose not into that of any member of the
Militaiy Committee—that any man was to be
raised out of the State of Kentucky for this ser-
vice. If the gentleman thinks there is any danger
of Illinois or the other States being asked to con-
tribute to this fbice, let him propose an amend-
ment restricting it in terms to the State of Ken-
tucky. It will then mean what we intended it to
mean—what we supposed it did mean, until the
gentleman's critical examination of the language
of the bill brought the idea to our attention. 1
believe still that will be the effect of the bill; but
if there is any doubt on that point, any wish to
make it clear, let it he made clear by requiring
that this foice shall be raised within the State of
Kentucky. I hope that I have said enough in
relation to this mattei.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this bill, with a few verbal amendments. I
will suggest them all at tne same time and call the
attention of the Senator fiom Kentucky to them.
I propose to strike out, in the third and fourth
lines of the fust scction of the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, the words, " the Gov-
ernor of the State of Kentucky, by the consent
and under the direction of," so that it will read:
"That the Piesiricnt of the United States bliall have
powct to jai^e and oijraiusw into ie<rimontri avoiunteci
loicc not exceeding twenty thoiw.ml, ' &r.
I see no good reason for auihotizing the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky to proceed to organize the
militia of the United States. The President has
called into the seivice, it is said, neai a million
of volunteers, and I think we can trust him witii
the discretion of calling into the service twenty
thousand mote, if it is thought twenty thousand
more ate needed for any special service. Then,!
in the eighth line, I pioposc to stnke outthe word j
"Kentucky," and insert, " or any State;" *o as i
to read, " to beemploycd within the limits of any |
State in repelling invasion, suppressing insurroc- '
lion," &c. It may be quite as impoitant to raise I
troops in Missouri as in Kentucky. If the re- j
ports published in the newspapeis of this morn- !
mg can be relied on, there is nowagreater neccs- j
sity for immediate service in the State of Missouri j
to repel a sudden invasion of some eight thousand i
rebels than there is at tins time m the State of '
Kentucky. I propose to stnke out the word i
" Kentucky," in the twtlfih line, and insertt( the ,
State in which they may be raised;" so that that j
clause will read: i
{-Thnt at any tune ir may ho iw.-ce^ary. In the discretion !
of the President of the Tinted State*, these ttoops may he ■
employed out of tin; hunts ot the State in which they may I
be juiscd, against the enemies of the Umu-d States."' i
In section two, line three, I would propose to |
strike out the words " State of Kentucky," and ■
insert" States in which said troops may be raised,"
so that that clause will read:
" That the legimental and company officers ?ball Ltj at)
pointed and commissioned by ttie States m which .said
troops may he raised."
If, in the opinion of the President, there is an
immediate necessity for the service of troops for
a short period in Kentucky, or Missouri, or Vir-
j ginia, or Tennessee, I think it would be proper for
I Congiess to confer on him the right to raise a body
j- of men equal to twenty thousand, for a period of
| not more than twelve months. I am opposed to
j limiting this call to the patriotic people of Ken-
j tuckv. I think it is very probable that the young
; men of my own State would very gladly volun-
| tccr, some thousands of them perhaps, to assist
i their patriotic fellow-citizens in Kentucky for a
S period of twelve months. There are many who
arc not willing to volunteer for three years who
would be willing to volunteer for a period of one
year. I hope those amendments will not be ob-
jected to by the Senator from Kentucky, and if it
be in order at this stage of proceedings, 1 move to
amend, as I have suggested, in the first scction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
' in order.
I Mr. HARLAN. Then I move to strike out the
I words " Governor of the State of Kentucky by
: the consent and under the direction of" in line
j three and four of the first section of the amendment
| of the committee.
i Mr. DAVIS. 1 hope that amendment will not
, be adopted, and I will say in a word why I object
I to it.
i This is a proposition not to raise United States
! troops strictly in the State of Kentucky, but it is
j a proposition to raise Kentucky militia and to
! muster them, according to the provisions of the
, Constitution, into the service of the United States,
j Now, if it is necessaiy to laisc such a force as
j this in the State of Missouri, let that be provided
for in another bill, or in a distinct section of this
, bill, and I would vote for it. I would vote for it
I in relation to Tennessee. I have conversed with
i the members of the House of Representatives
from the State of Tennessee, and they desire just
such a measure as this to be passed foi their State.
[ will vote for such a measure as this in relation
to the State of Tennessee with a great deal of
pleasure, because 1 am satisfied the effect of ir
would be to raise a force important for the defense
of that State, and important too in carrying on
this war to assert the authority and the power of
the United States Government in the seceded
States, and especially in the State of Tennessee.
Now, Mr. President, we all know that a Gov- ,
j ernor can organize a local militia'with more fa- j
| ciiity, with a greater degree of rapidity, and with I
| more of the approbation of the people of the State,
i than it can be done by the officers of the Gencial 1
; Government. The Constitution provides—and
| that provision of the Constitution is carried out
\ by an organic law—that in certain contingencies '
, the militia of the States may be organized, and
; may he organized by the State authorities, and
I after they are so organized by the State authori-
. ties they may be mustered into the service of the .
1 United States Government. When they come to
, be mustered into the service of the United States, !
! they then come underthc government ofthe Pies- ;
ident as Commander-in-Chief; they come under I
i the military code of the rules and ai tides of war, j
and they are subjected precisely to the same gov- I
urnment and discipline as ordinary troops, even 1
reoubrs, of the United States Government..
We ask, and desire greatly, that as patiiotic a 1
Governor, as true and as enlightened a Governor .
as there is m this Confederation—as true to the
Union, as faithful to the authority and the juris- :
diction of the Government of the United States,
in all the States of this Union, as there is in any
Statu of it—shall be authorized to organize this
local militia of the State of Kentucky; and after
it is so organized, that it shall be, under this 1
bill, with all of' its guanls—its wise and jealous
guards—mustered into the service of the'United
States, and be as much subject to the order of the
President, a? Commander-in-Chief, as the tincc ■
years men themselves are in the armies of the ,
United States. The Military Committee, and
their able chairman, have given especial attention
to this measure. It has been long before that :
committee. It has been six or eight months be-
fore them. They have read it and reread it, and
examined its provisions. They have placed m it
every guard and lestriction, to prevent it fiom
being abused, that they have deemed proper; and
everyone, I think, that is necessary; and I do ;
hope that, in the form* in which it has been re-
ported by the committee, and which is not ob-
jected to at all by myself, it will be permitted to
become a law. 1
Mr. IIARLAN. The-amendmcnt I propose is
not proposed for the purpose of casting any re-
flection on the. State of Kentucky, or its Governed;
nor do I suppose it will materially affect the mode
of raising these troops. I believe the Secretary
of War, under the direction of the President,
notifies the Governor of each State that he desires
a certain number of regiments to fill the requisi-
tion made for volunteers, and that the Governor
in cffcct, with the State officers, does proceed to
raise and organize the volunteers called for; but I
sco no necessity for making u specialty of Ken-
tucky in this exigency. Missouri is in as difficult
a condition almost as Kentucky; Arkansas is more
so; I think Western Virginia is equally so; and it
may be so in Iowa. We have been compelled,
without any suggestion of this kind from Con-
gress, to volunteer and repel invasions of our
State; and without any regular organization our
people have convened in large numbers, 1 think
some eight or ten thousand on one occasion, to
repel an invasion attempted from Missouri across
the Des Monies river. It may be as important
for us in the future as it is now for Kentucky. I
hope it may never be so; but it seems to me to be
very foolish on the part of the Congress of the
United Stales to pass a separate militia law for
each State of the Union, thus requiring us to make
twenty-four or twenty-eight distinct codes for the
government of the militia in so many distinct
States. Let us do it all at once; confer the power
on the President to raise these troops as he has
been raising them. 1 have no doubt that if in his
opinion they are needed in Kentucky, and if the
Kcntuckians are more patriotic in this regard than
those of other States, they will spring to arms in
that State, and fill every lequisition he may make
for a period of twelve months. It seems to me
there is no necessity for placing the Governor of
Kentucky for the time being in the executive
chair of the United States. It is pretty well filled
now, by a native of Kentucky too. I do not think
that Kentucky has any right to complain of the
manner in which the Government has been ad-
ministered by one of her own sons up to this pe-
riod ; and why the Senators from that State should
desire for this particular purpose to oust the Pres-
ident of the United States from his legitimate
functions, and thrust into his seat fortius partic-
ular purpose the executive of their own State, is
a mysteiy to me. I insist upon a vote on the
amendment, at all events. I think it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this amendment of
the Senator from Iowa is agoodone; and I think
the genera! idea of the bill is a good one. I be-
lieve we have, after all, to depend upon the local
militia, upon the soldiers of a State raised in the
State, ultimately^ for maintaining the cause ofthe
Union in any State. We may get a temporary
triumph in Kentucky by soldiers from Illinois, or
from other States, but we cannot cxpcct perma-
nently to uphold the cause of the Union unless
wc have in the State its citizen soldiers, whom
wo can rely upon; who will respond when the
occasion requires. In my own State, a year ago,
we had some conflicts and some triumphs, but
those triumphs were achieved by the citizens of
the State. We maintained our cause there be-
cause wc lived there; because wc were planted in
the soil. If we had obtained a triumph in my
State by the exertions of citizcns of Iowa or Illi-
nois, when they left us and went back wc should
should have been thrown on our own icsouvces,
and perhaps oveirun again. So I think of every
State. If there is an invasion of one State, its
citizens may be aided temporarily by soldiers
from another State, but we must depend for the
permanent establishment of the cause of the Union,
in any State, on the soldiers of the State itself,
those who live there; those who are identified with
all the interests ofthe Union m that State. I should
therefore be glad to see this bill become a law,
not only for Kentucky, but for Missouri, for
Kansas, perhaps, and for any other border State
that is liable to invasion. Let us be allowed to
maintain the cause of the Union by our own sol-
diers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hojie the
amendment of the Senator fiom Iowa will not be
adopted; because 1 do not think, then, it will be
woith while to pass a bill of this kind.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, My reason
