1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
pendent Line of Telegraph, a corporation organ-
ized under the laws of the State of New Yotk, for
the purpose of constructing a line of telegraph
from Portland, Maine, to Washington city, to use
any of the highways, roads, streets, or grounds
in the District of Columbia in the extension and
operation of their line to, in, and through the city
of Washington and other parts of the District.
The location and construction of the line within
the District is not to be carried into effect without
the written approval of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds first obtained as to the proper route and
course of the line to be followed within the Dis-
trict; and the use thus granted of the highways,
streets, roads, and grounds is not to obstruct their
use and convenient occupancy for public or other
purposes as they are at present used.
Mr. KING. There are some amendments which
I showed to the Senator from Iowa who reported
the biil to which he assents. I ask that they may
be read. The amendments are with the bill,and
the Clerk will read them separately. The object
of the amendments is to make the grant of the use
of the highways common lo other telegraph com-
panies as well as this, under the restrictions which
are provided for by the joint resolution.
The Secretary read the first amendment, which
was in line six, after the words " Washington
city," to insert " or any other corporation or com-
pany organized according to law to cons^nct a
line of telegraph."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven to
strike out the word " said "and to insert "any
such;" so as to read, " construction of any such
line of telegraph."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four
to strike out before the word 'k line" the woids
" said independent," and insert in their place
any such."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. Tin- object of these amendments
is to make the grant general instead of to a par-
ticular company. j
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate j
as amended, and the amendments wete coneuned j
in, and otdercd to be engrossed and the joint res-
olution to be leadathiid time. The joint res- |
olution was read the thnd time, and passed.
On motion of Air. GRIMES, the title was amend- j
ed so as to lead, "A joint resolution in relation to 1
telegraph lines in the Distnet of Columbia."
PROMOTIONS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate hill
No. 545, to amend an act entitled " An act to
futlher promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
approved December 21, I8fi], and for other pui-
poses. It is merely to conectan oveisight in the
law of Congress.
The motion wasagieed to, and the bill was rend
the .second time, and considered as in Committee '
of the Whole. j t provider that any captain in the
Navy reared by the act to fuither piomote the
effieienc} i f the Navy, approved December 21,
1861, duly recommended accoidmg to law, may
be piomoted to the grade of commodoie upon
the letired list. Italso proposes to repeal section
twelve of an act to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United Suites Navy,
approved July 16,1862, which is in the following
words:
'• Jiml be it further cnartoU That th  three semoi reai ad-
miral- -hall weai a square blue flag at the mainmast head,
the next three at the foremast head, and ait oilier-* at me
mizzeu."
The bill also provides for confirming the tem-
poral y appointments made by the Secretaiyof
the Navy of acting assistant paymasters and act-
ing ensigns, with the same pay as regular officers,
as temporary acting appointments.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the last
section i dative to the temporary appointment of
acting paymasters and ensigns. It has been added
to the naval appropriation bill, and is unnecessary
here.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain the bill to .some
Senators who desire to have n explained. By the
net of the 21st of December, 1861, to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy, Congress de-
clared that officers who were over the age of sixty-
two, or who had seen forty-five years of sea ser-
vice, should be retired; and underthatactseveral
officers were retired, and they were retiiedin the
grade of captain, which was the highest grade
then known in our naval service. Subsequently
Congress passed a law authorizing the grades of
rear admiral and commodore. Now, the purpose
of this bill is to allow tlmjse old officers who were
retired under the act of the 521st December, 1861,
to be promoted on the retired list to the rank of
commodore.
Mr. COLLAMER. Docs it raise the pay?
Mr. GRIM ES. The only effect is merely to give
the gentleman retired as captains—it was the high-
est grade at that time known—the privilege of
being brought up into the grade of commodore.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it change the pay?
Mr. GRIMI5S. I r gives them $200 a year more,
but I believe there are only six of them, and some
very worthy and excellent men who had been act-
ual commodores before the passageofthis bill, but
it was then a mere temporary acting rank;a cap-
tain commanding a squadron was called commo-
dore.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Who are they? Name
them, if you please.
Mi. GRIMES. Well, Commodores Kearney,
McCauiey, Armstrong, Ramsay, lnrnan, Chaun-
cey, Pearson, and Pope. They must, however, be
recommended aceoiding to the law. I send to the
desk a letter of the Secretaiy of the Navy to the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,which
will probably explain it better than 1 can state it.
The Secretary read as follows:
N wy Dlp vrtmlnt, Jnnuai v 10. 1P63.
Sir: The Drpaitment tnditeed to request the attention
of the.- nn Naval Allans to an anomalou-
of the le^i-ia1 ion Willi le-peef to teuied nfJU'eis, vvlueli, it
i- hche\ei|. not contemplated, ami whirl) appeals to
call lot eaih i <'iiu dv. ;b it i- -ensih\ e!v tell by some oi the
mo-L mei .!'>! ioi;- otliofi- in the ^etviee
The in-t seetion ot the aet to turthei promote the
eienev "I the Navy, appi oved Decembej . 1£G1, pi ovules
'• thai \%hene\ei me name ot any naval oJlkei now in the
<•01 vice, or who nun herealtei be in the rviee ol the ('tilted
States, viiiill have been borne on the Naval IJepMei lort\ -live
>eais, or -hall br of the am* ol - * \ t y two \eai-, he --hall b<:
retited 1mm active scivo-e. and In- name enteied on the
retned list oi oih< ei- ot ttie yiadc to which he belonged at
tin' tune ot -neb i c to fluent. "
rt!(ici this law. a numbrt oi o|l"n ei-, elm flvof the linden
sriadi-.- woe lininediatelj placed on the letired iM.with
the i;ta<h1- whn h they held at tin1 tune of such i.'tnement
A ~-u!)-ciju<:ut aet, that oi Jul\ lb, IHG'2, eieatcd new and
hiirhei gjude- not pnvmteh exi-tum in out >-eiviee, and
offieet,- on the letned li-t \v«-ie admitted to piommion to
the-e nc v guide- in a limited ntitnhei, uuie leat adinnai-
aud eitiliteen commodoie- being ailim ed on the i en ted li-i
Nine othet-i- on tiiu rctU'.'d h^t weic aceoidingk pmmoU d
to tin1 guide of leai adnntal, and eighteen to the gtadr of
eomniodore. These p;i m<>tion- wete madeftoin the giado
of captains, the highe-l pievinu-h known in out MMViee.
and lelt othei captain- on the rented list without piomotion
Under the -ame law numerous piomotion- weie made
upon tbe aetiw ii-t. and suh-equ<'i)U\ Mime of the
of the bigitei giade- so promoted huv<
tile opeialioti of the act ol I)e<
placed on the icttt
The
been letned undet
21. and have been
I h-t in then ad\aneed grade.
suit of tln^s )-, thai ot two olfi. < is who but a .-lioit
time sinec held the siinc ptade. and \\ ho h;tvchoth been
tetned nndet the Mime law. and tot the -ame cau-e, the
senioi !iud- hini-elt placed ontheh-i noimeie)\ mainvvei
po-Hton, I)at in a «iad'' nileum to hi - junioi in the s^ei vice
Tni' lo-.- ot qiade is at all tune.-; k< enlv telt !>v tmlitai}
men. undpi any en etiinstance-*, ns bi-in^ literally «i dci'iada-
tiou. and their.sen-iuveoo- in this ie-pcet should latin-r be
appioved than -lighted. When the promotion ol the junior
over his lemoi ha- been eau?ed by-upei lor merit, o; better
tortune in obtaining an oppoituiiity ot (iKstin^ui.-lun^ him-
!-r!f, no coinplnjot e.ui h-"1 madp. whatever tJio lepie—ed
freimc inav be. But, in the ca-o now under consideration,
the re-ult has been bioiiL'iit about si.uply by the lortuitons
cneuuisTuiH''' ol tlie iiiiroducnon ol lusher grades into tlic
-ervioG, -un-equently to the leiu-lation lef-peciing retired
officei-, and w ithout du!v levMiis that b'«ri-lam>u.
I cannot suppo-e it to have been within the intention of
Conzie— thai lho-c vvlio wci« eoiirnieietl anion" the be-t
and um-teiri'-tciit m thr sciviee should be -ubjected
to tin-, undest-ived huimhtuoii.
'J'he retnedv whieji I couid iet-pe<,tluUy suggest i- ,i i"-
movai. at ica-^t partial and tempoiary, of the le-tnctioii on ;
1 the piomotion- to the giade of commodoie on the retired J
li-t, ana lot tin- pmpo-e J submit the accompany mg draft
ol .l lull fur the coii-i,iejnnon of the committee I
f will take tins oeea-ion to advei t. al-o. to a provi-ioit in .
the act ot Juiv J6. trite twehth -ectionA wlneli ha^ been
. found to ptoduee some emb.uta--nn-nt, and maj possibly .
lead tof-etioii- diOicultie- in the ollieiai nitercoui-e between ;
our own flasr otlieei-, and tho-e ot "ther conatne^ lu'ldin^ (
til-' rank ofadnnial 'i'hi- provision l-8 an unneee-saiy [lait
ot the law. and I ie-pecttu!h iccommend tU-t lepe.'d i
I am, re-pectfuliv. voui obedient ^eivant. i
" " GIDCON WELLES,
Sccrctui if oj the Navy.
Hon. John' P. Hale, Chun man of the Committee on Aaval
Jijfairs. United States Senate.
t The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
' a third time. It was read the third time, and
; passed.
!; THOMAS AND GEORGE YOUNG.
1} Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up House
biil No. 290, for the relief of Thomas Young and
George Young, owners of the schooner Elizabeth
Mary.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment to Thomas Young and
George Young, of Prince Edward's Island, of the
sum of §400, the amount of a fine imposed by the
New York custom-house for a technical infrac-
tion of the revenue laws of the United States by
the schooner Elizabeth Mary.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DISCHARGE OF STATE PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is time we should
take up the regular business. I see the Senator
from Kentucky is here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. These propo-
sitions have been entertained by the unanimous
consent of the Senate. If objection be made, the
regular order will be taken up. The bill (H. R.
No. 362) to provide for the discharge of State
prisoners and others, and to authorize the judges
of the United States courts to take bail or recog-
nizances to secure the trial of the same, is now
before the Senate; upon which the Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the flooi.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in his remarks
to-day said there could be no necessity for sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus in cases whore
the courts arenotopen i can see very great good
resultitig from the writ o(habeas corpus even where
the couits aie not open. It is well known that a
party is entitled to the benefit of that gieat reme-
dial writ without having a court open to try
causes. In many portions of the country lhe
couris have been suspended. Judge Duff, in one
instance, in Illinois, wasanested by the maishal
and taken from his court where lie was adnnnis-
teinig the laws, ami lodged in the old Capitol
prison here, in one instance, din ing ihe ebbing
and flowing, if I may use the term, of the aimies
in Kentucky, out judges in one part of the State,
in consequence of the presence of the confederate
atmy, had temporally to abandon their comts,
and on one occasion one of oui judges was caused
to close his court by the Union army. There the
courts woe closed; but if u p.uiy had b-.n-n ille-
gally arretted, he could have applnd to any one
of our judges at chambois for this writ, and it
would have been issued to bring the pai fy before
tlie judge that he might investigate the iegahly or
illegality of the miprisomru nt. I u one sense of the
word, in that case, the cout ts might be said to be
open; that is, tlie jud^e might Ik: permitted to hear ,
ihe case atchambet^ when he was notpermitted to
hold his court and to administer justice in ns teg-
ular sessions. So I do not think the point the
St oator makes is well taken.
I did say that where the courts were open and
were in the exeicise of ail their functions, { uid
not believe the writ of habeas corpus should ever
be suspended, and I am noweieailyof that opin-
ion. If you have a virtuous and intelligent judi-
ciary, let those who are arrested be brought be-
fore the courts, and let them be punished if they
be guilty. Let the man that is arrested come
before the judges. If he has committed no crime,
let him be discharged. If the case be bailable,
let htm give bond for his uppeaiance at eourt.
Whcte the courts are open and none of their
functions obstructed, and the judges are upright
and honest men, in my judgment a free people
should never allow this great remedial writ to be
suspended. I can very cleaily see that where
the courts are partially suspended, where the
judges are not permitted to hold their conns at
their regular sessions, the suspension of the writ
would do great and m some cases ii reparable in-
jury. A man need not wait for regulat term tune
to sue out a writ of habeas corpus. 1 suppose that
in all the States of this Union, not only all the
superior but all the inferior judges have the right
to issue a writ of habeas corpus, not only the eir-
cu it judges and the supreme judges, but the county
