1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
accounts, and finds that wo have been most want-
ing, He will say that the Government rested like
an incubus upon the willingness nftlv* people, arid
would not let them do the work they felt ready
to do, and felt equal to do. They have allowed
twenty millions to be outnumbered on every field
by six millions. That is not good generalship:
it is not good statesmanship; it is not the exer-
cise of plain common sepse.
I say we want moie men. Kentucky—I thank
her; God will bless lui—offers us twenty thou-
sand of them. The Senator from Iowa sav*, crive
to the President aright to take a portion of them
from Missouri and a portion from Iowa. No, sir;
Kentucky offers us twenty thousand; t.'ke them,
and thank her for them. If lowaoffcrsustwenty
thousand more, we will take them and thank her
foiever, if she offers us such men as she has fur-
nished before; and if she gives us any, she will
give us such, 1 have not tin1 slightest doubt; and
if Missouri will ^ive us fifty thousand moie. let
them come. I donor, know of any man who will
shoulder a musket in defense of this Govei ament,
but what 1 would be willing1 to have the Govern-
ment pay for a musket, and if I had the money,
1 would pay for it myself: find him a musket.
1 am not afraid of getting our Army ton lanre,
so long as I see it staggering on every field wheie
it meets the rebellion under the. enormous blows
it receives. I do say, and 1 never shall get over
saying, at least I shall never got over feeling, that
we owed it to our system of Government, to the
very idea of popular supremacy, to have taken
care in the beginning that never a regiment oi bri-
gade of yours retired once with the Hag of the
Union over its head. It never ought to have graced
this rebellion with a single tiunnph, or a single
appearance of triumph. You owed that to your-
selves; you owed that to your system of govern-
ment; but that disgrace has fallen on you. You
have seen your flag torn clown; you have seen the
t oops of the1 Republic not only slairgeiini, but
you have seen them letiiing from field after field;
you saw them driven across one of your own
rivers here near you the otherday; you have seen
them struggling, day after day, leeently, at Mur-
fieesboro', inTennessce, blood pouring in torrent^,
because they hud not the numbers wnh which to
maintain that struggle, which yon owed it to them
to furnish, which you ought to have given them.
Kentucky offers us twenty thousa.nl men; but
it is said that they may not be reliable. It may
be so, sir; we cannot toll; men hav e deserted then-
flag in the history of the wotld; mm may do it
again. They may come from Kentucky who do it,
they may come ft om 1 Ihrnus, or from Wiscnusjn;
anil I beg pardon of all the States when I submit
the possibility of any such thing: but this I say,
that a man who takesa musket upon his shouldei
am! into his hands to defend that flag whi-'h we
all mean to defend, gives to my mind the best pos-
sible assurance that he will be true to it. I will
tiust him, though he may betray me; and you
must trust the m. Is it not a pitiful answer to make,
when twenty thousand men step forward andof-
fer to fight your battles for you, " no, we cannot
trust arms in your hands, for you may be unreli-
able; we cannot trust them in your hands because
you may turn them against us; we will not muster
you under this flog lestyou may betray us." Why
should you make thisanswer to the peonleofKen-
tucky any mote than to the people of any other
State? True, all the people of Kentucky have not
been loyal; tiue it is also that all the people of Iowa
have not been loyal, that all the peole of Illinois
have not been loyal, and I fear we have ^ot to admit
that t here is not one State m the Union but what has
furnished more than its quota of traitors, because
its quota is very small indeed. fchr, it is not a good
answer to make to such an offer as this, to say they
may desert us after they are armed. The reason
for trusting them is that thev ask to be trusted.
The reason for putting the into their hands
is that they say they are willing to defend it.
And what is the privilege they a^k ? As has been
said here this al ternoon by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, it is only Hie privilege to bo preferred m
defending the particular soil of the State in which
they live, while their services or the services of
any men are neeessai y for that purpose; but when
the President, the Commamli'r-in-f'hi.'f, dems
that tie-it ?.< !'v •. • :ni' n . lon-M'r nee^ssa! y within
the State for thai puinosf , at his command, his
bidding, they will march with the flag of the Union
wherever the President sees fit to send them, be
it to the end of the earth; and for that, as Fsaid
the other day, they offer you to step into this ser-
vice upon tei ms $100 better to you, for each man,
than any other regiments which you muster for
the war.
Mr. President, I wish that this bill, as it has
come to us from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, may be allowed to pass the Senate; and if
Iowa feels aggrieved because her men are not al-
jj lowed to muster in this service, or Missouri feels
' aggrieved, I pledge myself to vote for a bill which
will extend the same privileges to each of those
States and to every other State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is a single thought
in reference to officering these regiments, which I
will suggest m addition to what has been said by
my colleague. The Constitution provides that the
militia shall be officered by the States. The regi-
ments cannot be officered by the United- States.
Captains and other regimental officers in the mili-
tia cannot be appointed by the Piesident of the
United States.
Mr. I10WE. Our regiments have all been offi-
cered by the Governors of the States, I think.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Objection is raised, I un-
derstand, to the officers of these regiments being
appointed by the Governor of Kentucky, instead
of by the President.
Mr.HARLAN". Ihaveraisednosuchobjection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood that the ob-
jecton to officering these regiments by the Gov-
ernor came from the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. IIARLAN. If the amendment which I
have moved shall be adopted, I will then propose,
in the sixth line of the first section, to insert the
words *' m any one State;" so that if gentlemen
think the number is too small to be distributed
among all the States, it may be made applicable
to each State, if the section be amended as I
propose, it will read:
The Pie-nient ol the United States shall have power to
iai.->e and ot^nnize mto n "imTit-* a volunteer loicc not
exceeding twenty thousand lank and file in any one State.
It may occur, when this attempt shall be made,
that the President will find that twenty thousand
men will not volunteei in Kentucky. It is not true,
as has been suggested by the Senator from Wis-
consin, that twenty thousand Kentuckians have
volunteered, and asked to be aimed in theircoun-
try's defense. One of the Senators from Ken-
tucky proposes to authorize twenty thousand of
them to be armed by the President of (he United
States; and this is the whole of il. Not one man
in Kentucky has offeiod to vnhuUeci, as fir as I
know, that has not been necepted. The Senator
from Wisconsin does not know, nor do I know,
that a single regiment can be raised under this bill
if it shall be passed.
Now,iftwcnty thousand men are needed for the
defense of Kentucky, it may be very important to
authorize the President to call some ten or fifteen
thousand of those (roops ftum other States than
Kentucky. Kentucky has responded to the calls
that have been made hitheito, j believe fully. So
have all the othei States, t he most of them, I be-
lieve, have more than equaled the requisitions that
ha\o been made on them. Iowa has, and 1 sup-
pose it is true of all the States of the Northwest,
and in nearly all of these States in the Northwest
they have volunteered for three years; it is so with
every man in the State of Iowa, my colleague in-
forms ine, and I behev e it is U ue. We do not ask
for any special privileges for Iowa; nor are we
willing to grant any special privileges to Wiscon-
sin or Kentucky. If, in the opinion of the Pres-
ident, the public safety requires an additional force
of men; if, m his judgment, they may not be need-
ed for more than one year, I am willing to vote
the necessary number; but I desire that the law
shall be general—that it shall apply to every loyal
State in this Union. 1 do not see any propriety
in ousting, temporarily, the President of the Uni-
ted Suites, as Commander-in-Chief of the armies
of the nation—regulars, volunteers, and militia.
I do not know that the present Governor of Ken-
tucky is any more competent for this service than
the President of the United States. I do not know
anything 'hat that Governor has done that entitles
him for the time being to oust the President.
My proposition is, that the President shall raise
these troops if they are deemed to be necessary.
And my colleague suggests very pertinently, sup-
pose the Governor of Kentucky should attempt to
raise these twenty thousand men, and should raise
but two thousand, and twenty thousand are need-
ed, would it not he important that the President
should have the privilege of calling into the field
an additional eighteen thousand from other States
who would be willing to respond?
The chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs thought it was a trivial thing, hardly worth
the attention of the Senate of the United States,
to vote to authoiizc the President to add twenty
thousand volunteers to the troops now in the field;
and the Senator from Wisconsin thinks that we
have not enough men in the field. They may both
be right; they are doubtless both more skilled in
military affairs than am I; they understand this
subjectdoubtlessmuch bettor than I do; but I will
venture to suggest to both of them that sometimes
it is as difficult for an officer to command a large
body of men effectively, and more so, than a small
body of men; and when the history of this war
shall have been written, I am not sure but poster-
ity will come to the conclusion that many of our
best generals have been weighed down by the
magnitude of the armies placed under their com-
mand. If Napoleon was correct in advancing the
opinion that he had not a single marshal in the
armies of France at any time competent to com-
mand one hundred thousand men, it would not be
a severe criticism at least to suppose that such a
general might not be found in America at this time.
In my own judgment, if the troops now in thefield
arc properly handled, they can drive back the s
nrmiestof rebeldom; they can crush them out; and
although my opinion I know is about worthless,
I think the difficulty results, from the want of ef-
fective handling of the troops that we now have,
rather than from the sparsity of their numbers.
But then this bill is suggested on the idea that
more troops are needed, that at least twenty thou-
sand more arc needed for a special service, to de-
fend the State of Kentucky; and it is suggested
by her patriotic Senator that Kentucky herself can
furnish twenty thousand for a limited period. If
so, and this bill shall be passed, and the President
shall deem it best for the public welfare to call on
Kentucky to bear this additional burden, so be it;
but I venture to suggest that if it is a burden to be
borne, it ought to be distributed equally; if it is
an honor to be shared, it ought to be distributed
equally; so that m either contingency it is right to
make the law general; and it'the number is not suf-
ficient, if more than twenty thousand are needed,
then adopt some such amendment as I have sug-
gested, and say " not exceeding twenty thousand
in any one State,5' which wii! give us the number
suggested by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa [Mr,
Harlan] to the amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was a greed to.
Air. DAVIS. We are now acting as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, ] believe?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAULAN. I move further to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out the
word " Kentucky" in the eighth line of the first
section, and inserting " any State."
The amendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I next move, in line twelve
of section one of the committee's amendment, to
strike out "Kentucky," and insert " the State in
which they may be raised."
The amendmentto the amend men t was agreed to.
Mr. ITARLAN. In line three of section two, I
mov to strike out " State of Kentucky," and in-
sert " States in which the troops may be raised."
The am ( nd men t to the amendment was agreed to.
Mi. HARLAN. Now I move, after the word
" file, "m line six of section one, to insert " in any
one State;5' so as to make the clause read, 41 not
exceeding twenty thousand rank and file in any
one State."
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the fifttfhne of the seventh
section, I move to strike out "Kentucky" before -
" volunteers."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Committee on Mili-
tary Alfairs, as .inn-ml. d.
The amendment, as amcrukd, was agreed to.
