254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mi*. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have (he first section read as it now stands.
The Secretary road, as follows:
That the Proficient of the United States shall have power
to iaise and oigamze into regiments a volunteer force, not
execedinsuventy thou-and lankand file in anyone State, to
serve (or twelve months, to he employed within the limits
of any State in repolliwr invasion, suppipssinsr insurrection,
and guaidmg and prolactins; the public ptopcrty: Provided,
That at any time it may be nece*saiy, m the discretion of
the President ot the United Slates, these troops may he cm-
ployed out of the limits of the State in which they may be
raided ogain>t the enemies of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. Thatshould be corrected. The
words "in any one State,"in the sixth line, were
notas I understood my colleague. After the words
si rank and file," m the sixth line, should be in-
serted " in any State or States/'
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modification
will he made, if there be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I should like to hear the fifth
section read.
The Secretary read it; as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That a portion of this
volunteer coips, not exceeding two legimonu*, may. when
neccs?aiy in the, opinion of the President of the United
States, he mounted and armed as mounted liflemen.
Mr. CLARK. After the word u regiments,"
in the second line, the words " in any one State"
should he inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will he made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears nunc.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the "Whole.
^ Mr. DAVIS. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion on (he amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first amend-
ment will be rend.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In lines tinoo and foui of the first section, strike out the
wotd- -'the Goveinoi of the State of Kentucky, by the con-
sent and under the direetion ot<-o that it wdl lead :
That the President o{ the United States >hall have power,
&.C.
Mr. DAVIS. J will state that if that amend-
ment is injected, I shall have no objection to the
othci amendments offered by the Senator from
Iowa. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how the bill stands now with reference to raising
tioops; whether it wives the President authority
to ratse twenty thousand in cuery State in the
Union to serve a year.
Mr. TRC7i\3BULL. As amended, it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Then it is an absurdity,
that is all.
The question being taken by yeas nnd navs,
resinn d—yeas li), nays lb'; as follows:
Cia>k, Collamei, Doohttie, Fe^enden,
Field. Foot, Gnme--, ll.udius, Ilaiian, Ham-, Kins'. Lane
of Indiana, Mornii, Pomeioy, Rice, Stunnei, TiundmiJ,
Wade, and YVtllun-oti— ID.
NAVS—Me.-w-. Anthony, Arnold, P.i owning. l)a\ h,
Divmi. Poster, ilah', Hendeison. Howe, Latham, Powell.
Saul-lmiv, Ten E\ck, YVihey, Wihon ot ?Jai--aehu=e::'..
ami Wught—id.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
requite any fuither division upon the other amend •
nit uts 3
Air, DAVES. No, fur.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is an
amendment allowing the same number to be raised
from anv State, on which I want a separate vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows: In line six, of
section one, insert " in any State or States."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. ) hope that
will not be adopted.
The amendment was iion-concuircd in.
The next amendment was in line eight of sec-
tion one; tosttik" out " Kentucky," and insert
" any Suite vi Slates."
Tile qucMiini King put, there were, on a divis-
ion—f'-n 
2-1 r. HARLAN. I r*k for the yens and nays.
I think S.nuitois rue not givuig' the subject the
attention they usually do.
The yeas and nays were ordcied.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the S"!i ue ivoeeru to the considetahon of exec-
utive Let us reflect on this bill.
The motion wos agreed to; and, after so me time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 9, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF TIIE JOURNAL.
Mr. WASHBURNJ3. T rise to a- privileged
question. I move to correct the Journal of yes-
terday, so as to make it appeal that I voted in the
affirmative upon the resolution complimentary of
General Butler yesterday.
The SPEAKER. If there bo no objection,the
name of the gentleman wiil be entered on the
record.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not ask to have my
name recorded. I ask to have the Journal cor-
rected, so as to correspond with the facts. I voted
on the resolution when my name was called.
The Journal was accordingly corrected.
The Journal, as corrected,"was then approved.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
reported backfiom the Committee on Military
Affairs House joint resolution No. 119, to pro-
vide for twenty thousand additional volunteers;
which was recommitted to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and the majority and minority re-
ports ordered to be printed.
NEVADA BIUNCII MINT.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a branch nuntin the Ter-
ritory of Nevada*, which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and inferred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
MAIL TRANSPORTATION, ETC.
Mr. DUNN asked the consent of the House to
' introduce a bill to facilitate the transportation of
the troops, stoies, and mails of the United States
between the city of Washington, the Point of
Rocks, and the city of Pittsburg.
Mr. HOLM A N obj ected. '
NORTHWEST CIRCUIT COURTS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, by unanimous
consent, House bill No. G08, prescribing the times
and places for holding the terms of the circuit
couii for the distiicts of Iowa, Minnesota, and
Kansas, with the amendments of the Senate theie-
to, was taken fiom the Speaker's table.
First amendment:
Pane 1. line seven, strike o>it the \voitf« (< at Winona on
the thud Mondav of to the woid •• October*1 m the eighth
hne.
The amendment was coneurrcd in.
Second amendment:
P i>'r  l. hne nine, =ri'ke out the woid "places," and in-
S'-H. m pi,iee theico;, tin? Woid " place.'5
The amendment was concurred in. j
INHUMAN TREATMENT OF A SOLDIER. !
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous conscnt, intro- j
duccd the following resolution: :
Raoh'cil, Thar the Committee on Public EniUhncs and !
Gtonn'K he iiHtiuete'l to take immediate incomes im the '
removal of John Plant, one of the Cap'tol police, fm the
inhuman tseatment oi a soldiei tins moinmg m the Capitol
giound-<.
Air. BLAKE. I hope there will be no objee- ,
tion to tin: resolution. I desuc to say that tins !
policeman took a soldier in the Capital grounds i
this morning, as I w s coming; up to the House '
in company with the Vice Presidentof the United '
States, broke his cane over his head and knocked ■
him down, for nothing else m the world except
for asking a gentleman for money, winch tim 1
tleman gaveinrn. These soiuicis have no money, 1
not even enough to buy a sheet of paper to wine .
a letter on. Fortius the policeman broke his cone ,
over his head and knocked lnm down in ptesenco
of the Vice President, Mr. Shirley, of Virginia, !
and myself. I want, this man removed, and Lbat ,
i*: all there i=5 of the resolution. !
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman whether he
has considered the power of this House over this
policeman ?
Mr. BLAKE. The resolution instructs the j
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds to !
take immediate measures for his removal, and I
trust they will do it.
Mr. TRAIN. I would like to inq uire of the
gentleman from Ohio who offered the resolution,
whether he would not accomplish his purpose by
applying to the authority who appointed this man
for his removal. As I understand, these Capitol
police are appointed by the Vice President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, and it will devolve upon them to remove
him. The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds have no control over the subject. If the
committee arc instiucted as the gentleman pro-
poses, the only thing they can do will be to sum-
mon him before the proper authorities to give the
evidence which he has given in the House this
morning. I understand him to say that the Vice
President saw the occurrence himself.
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir; he did sec it.
Mr. TRAIN. Then why can he not act upon
that infoi mation ?
Mr. BLAKE. I desire that the Committee on
Public Buddings and Grounds may be instructed
by this I louse. We have the power so to instruct
them, as the organ of the House, and I hope we
shall so instinct them.
Mr, BINGHAM. I move that they be in-
structed to remove him.
Mr. CALVERT. Air. Speaker, I hope that
no action of this kind will be taken by this House.
There is a proper tribunal before which this man
can be broughtand fairly tried, and where theevi-
dence can be heard and the case fairly decided.
I object to our acting on ex parte statements. I
know that police officers commit outrages and that
soldiers commit outrages, but this is iiot the place
to punish them.
Mr. BLAKE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the main
question ordeted, and under the opeiation thereof
the amendment was rejected and the resolution
adopted.
Air. BLAKE moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the resolution was passed, and also moved
that the motion to leconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES OVER THE OIIIO.
Air. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill supplemental y to an act to con-
struct bridges o\er the Ohio l i\er; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, intjoducod the following resolution;
which was reed, and, under the rules, referred to
the Committee on Punting:
ResohcJ That them he punted three thon>and extra
copie- ot the lepoif of the Supenntondeni of the United
State-, (,'oa-t Sitivev foi the \ ear r.2—two thousand for
di-ti ihut.ou l y the Supei mtemlent. and one tnousand copies
foi the ijx.e o; the member of rh^ Ilou^e.
3USSOURI EMANCIPATION.
Air. COBB, by unanimous consent, wasallowed
to U'' oid ins vote m the negative on the passage
of the Missouri emancipation bill.
ADDITIONAL MAIL FACILITIES.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce a bill to facilitate
the tiansportation of troops, stores, and the mails
of the United States between the city of Wash-
ington, Point of Rocks, and the city of Pittsburg.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
JOHN SKIRVIXG,
Air. FENTON. Air. Sneaker, [ reported back
yesteulay, fiom the Committee of Claims, Senate
bill No. 103, for the relief of John Skirving, and
that bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. It was
thiou^h a mistake it took that refeience, because
a bill waw passed at the last, session for his relief.
I move that the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar bo discharged fiom the
fiu ther eonsnieiation of that bill, and that it be
laid upon the table.
Air. B1DDLE. 1 hope tint the gentleman's
motion does not affect the bill which "was passed
at. the last session.
Air. FENTON. Itdoes not. The Committee of
Chums at the last session reported, on the ikeis-
