1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB?.
February 23,
judges. I know that is the law in many of the
States. It is the law of the State from which 1
v.ome, and of the surrounding States, as far as I
have any knowledge of their laws, in legal con-
templation, the court, so far as the judge is con-
cerned, is always open for an application for this
great writ. You can apply to him in chambers,
whether his courtis in session or not. In all the
States, I suppose there are heavy fines and penal-
tiesimposed on any judge who dares to refuse
to issue this writ. 1 know it is so in my own
State. It is so by the statutes of the United States
touching the Federal judges.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois
controverts the position I took when I stated that
I did not believe that under the Constitution we
can delegate the power to suspend the writof/iafreas
corpus (which I hold is vested alone in the Con-
gress the United States) to the President. He
conceives that position not to be well taken; and
in oidcr to controvejt it, he cites certain clauses
of the Constitution in cases which he thinks are
analogous; and thus he socks to destroy the force
of that argument. He says that in Congress is
vested the power to raise and suppott armies,and
to provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, (o suppress insurrection
and repel invasions. He holds that under that
clause of the Constitution, Congress having exer-
cised the power therein granted to provide the
wayN and means for en rolling and calling out and
oiganizing ihe militia, the President is the person
who calls) out the milnia in case of rebellion or in-
vasion, as he did at the commencement of thus re-
bellion. I do not consider that position of the
Senator well taken, for, under the Constitution of
the United States, Congress is expressly author-
ized to provide for oiganizing, arming, and dis-
ciplining the militia, and to pi o vide for calling them
forth to suppress insurrection and repel invasion.
These are powei s expiessly confet red upon Con-
grt-M*. AH that Congie^s has to do in the matter
is to provide for calling fouh the militia and for
organizing and arming them. When it does that,
the Pjesulentof the United States, in ease of re-
bellion or in vafion, being Commando -in-Chief of
the armies of the United States, and of the militia
when in the actual service of the United States,
has the power to cull out that militia in obedience
to the law for the purposes indicated in the Con-
stitution. One is miltrary, purely military; the
other is civil. The calling out of the mililia and
the mode of using them for the purpose of sup-
pi easing an iusunection or repelling an invasion,
are matters puiely military. It is the duty of Con-
gress, by the express provisions of the Constitu-
tion, to piovide for calling forth the militia,and for
organizing, arming, and disciplining them . When
vs'e have discharged that function, then under the
Constitution the calling foith of (he militia into
aeuve service foi the purposes indicated m the
Constitution devolves on another magistrate, to
wit, the Piesident of the- United States, who is
Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
I do not think that position of the Senator ten-
able, because the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus is a matter civil altogether; it is not neces-
saiily connected with military movements; and
when I admit that under the statutes made in con-
fonnUy to the Constitution, the President has a
right to call forth the militia or to use the regular
Army for the purposes of repelling invasion or
supptessing insunection, 1 by no means think I
yield a point that will authorize the Senator to say
that when Congi ess is empowered to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, it ean confer that power upon
the Executive; for by theexpress provision of the
Constitution itself, the President, being Command-
er-in-Chief of the Aimy, has a right to use the
militia which Congress has organized, for the put-
poses indicated in that instrument.
The Senator, too, referred to the authority to
grant letters of marque and, repusal as a case
analogous to the present. I cannot concm with
the Senator in that opinion. 1 doubt whether or
not we ever should have allowed the President of
the United States in any event to issue letters of
marque and reprisal. I know the Senator is cor-
rect when he says that has been the custom of the
Government, and that it was acted upon perhaps
forty years ago. That much is true; but 1 doubt
very much if Congress at that time did not yield
to the Executive a power that was not warranted
by the strict letter of the Constitution, for the is-
suing of letters of marque and reprisal is a war
power; and Congress alone has the power and the
right to declare war. The Executive has no right
or power to declare war. That power is vested
in Congress; and when we authorize the President
to issue letters of marque and reprisal, which of
itself is a war measure, we do delegate to the Presi-
dent of the United States the power to do a thing
that perhaps may result in war. But waiving that
point, the issuing of letter^ of marque and reprisal is
necessarily a war measure, not a measure of peace;
and the President being Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, the function of issuing let-
ters of marque and reprisal might, perhaps, be
lodged in him by Congress without yielding the
point that Congress can authorize him to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, which is a matter purely
civil. Taking it for granted that the precedents
of Congress concerning the issue of letteis of
marqueand reprisal are correct, and that Congress
exercised no powei m thatmatter but what it was
full y authoi ized to exercise, still theie is a marked
difference, that being a war measure, between au-
thorizing the President to issue letters of marque
and icpiisal, und authorizing him to suspend the
functions of a great remedial civil writ.
Mr. President, I do not believe that we have
any power under the Constitution to delegate to
the President of the United States the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus, holding as { do
that Congress alone has the right to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus; it is a power con fen ed upon
us which we cannot delegate to another. We have
as much right to delegate it to one of the judges
of t he Supieme Court or to any other indmd ual,
either indicated by his office or by his name, as
we have to delegate jr to the President of the Uni-
ted States. We cannot thus delegate our functions.
I hold that the power belongs to us, and when-
ever the writ n lawfully suspended, in my judg-
ment, it must be done by Congiess, for Congies.s
alone, under the Constitution, has authority to
suspend the wi it. I thm k I a m borne out in t hat
by the acts of our ancestors in Gi eat Britain. We
all know : hat when Parliament exercises this £ival
function of suspending the writ of habeas corpus,
it has been the ltnmcnioi lai practice of Pai hanient
to prescribe the time during which and the local-
ities in which it shall be suspended. They per-
form the whole function themselves. They leave
nothing to the executive, except to see that the
law is executed. That should be our duty here.
I think it would be a dangerous piecedent for
this Congress or any other Congiess to delegate
to any other power on earth the privilege of sus-
pending llns gient writ. A people who love their
liberties and who are jealous of tin ir personal
rights, in my judgment, never should enter upon
any such hazaulous enterprise. Why, sir, sup-
pose you delegate to the Piesident of the United
States the privilege of suspending this writ, tak-
ing it for granted that we alone have the right und
the power to suspend it, where will you place youi
liberties J If the Piesident of the United Stales
should be a wicked or corrupt man, he could by
one stroke of his pen compel every citizen who
might be airested by the minions of power, how-
ever unlawfully, to languish in prison, until he
should see fit, not by virtue of the law, but in the
exercise of his will and pleasure, to discharge him.
II is a power, Senators, that we never should con-
fer on any individual. I would not confer it on
any man, I care not how great, how good, how
wise, how virtuous he may be,and I do riot con-
cede that those who are the real and true fiicnds
of constitutional and civil liberty ever will part
with this power. They should exereise it them-
selves. The representatives of the States and of
the people in Congress assembled should alone
exercise it.
1 am not one of those who believe that any great
good in distempered times ever did or ever will
result from the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. Suppose you suspend it, what then?
What is the effect of the suspension? All it does
is to prevent a man who conceives that he is un-
lawfully imprisoned from being brought before
the judicial tribunals of the country to have the
causes of imprisonment investigated. That is all.
The mere suspension of the writ o( habeas corpus
does not authorize the President or anybody else
to arrest a citizen. The arrest is a separate and
distinct thing from taking a man outof prison on
a writ of habeascorpus. The power to arrestacit-
izen is confided not to the Executive or to any of
his agencies or to any of his heads of Depart-
ments. It is confided by the Constitution'to a
separate and distinct body of magistracy, to wit,
the judiciary,through the instrumentalityand aid
of the marshals and sheriffs of the country. You
may suspend the writ of habeas corpus to-night if
you please, and then the President of the United
States, the Secretary of War, or one of your gen-
erals m the field, or your heads of Departments,
would not be authorized to ma"ke an arrest of a
citizen not in the military service; and if any of
them did make an arrest he would be liable as a
trespasser in the courts for that encroachment on
the personal rights of the citizen. An arrest un-
der the Constitution can only be made on war-
rant, sued out for just and proper cause on affida-
vit. That is the Constitution of your country.
So I do not concede that the positions of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, although they may
seem plausible, aie well taken.
Now, sir, one word as to the bill, the other feat-
ures of the bill,of the Senator from Illinois. The
Senator says that we on this side of the Chamber
have been clamorous in consequence of these ille-
gal arrests or arbmary usurpations, as they are
called. That is true; we have. I, for one, plead
guilty to the soft impeachment. I have made as
much clamor about it as was possible for me to
do; but the Senator's bill does not reach the evil;
|[ it will not, if it is passed,eure the disease. I think
ij lie pif^ents usunostium that will not. eradicate
!j the disease should we take it. The first section
|i of his hiii anthoi izes the Piesident to suspend the
1 writ of habeas corpus. The second section goes
i! on to point out that in a given time the Secretary
j| of' Slate and the Secretary of War shall furnish
a list of prisoners that have been arrested bv them,
J| and then that they shall be handed over to the
]. courts, and that if any military officer of the Gov-
|i eminent, or other person that has pnsoners in
ij cluuge, lefuses to deliver them, he shall be sub-
jict to fine and imprisonment Then it goes on
i| to pio'.ide that in case these persons are indicted
'' they shall be handed over to the courts and be
! lequired to give bond, &c.
j! Tins bill admits mferentiaily the illegality of
these arrests. That, I suppose, is admitted every-
where. 1 know it is by the Senator ft om Illinois,
and I will do him the justice to say that he has
been opposed'to these illegal airests from the be-
ginning. Early in the last session he introduced
a resolution on this subject that I heartily advo-
cated; but we never could get the privilege of hav-
ing a vote on it. Is there anything in the honor-
j ahleSenator'sbill that would punish the Secretary
i of War or the Secretary of State for violating the
j huv ? It imposes a penalty of fine and imprison-
ment on individuals who refuse to deliver the pns-
I oners to the courts; but there is not a clause m it
imposing apenaltyupon the Secretary of War or
the Senetary of State or any other Secretary for
a violation of the law in ordering or making ar-
rests. The Senator's bill is, then, incomplete. If
he intends to impose fines and penalties upon per-
sons who violate the law in depriving a ciuzen of
, his liberty wrongfully, why not put in the heaviest
penalties against the chiefs of those two Depart-
ments who have so flagrantly outraged the rights
of the people in havingyourdtiiigeotis filled with
citizens against whom there was no charge?
This bill seems to contemplate punishing the
subordinate butletting the superior go free. It is
the heads of these Departments, it is the Execu-
tive if you please, it is the highest officers of the
Government who deserve the harshest penalties
for the infraction of the laws, because they are the.
custodians of the liberties of the people. Great
powers are conferred upon them; they are sworn
to see the laws faithfully executed and to support
the Constitution, and the higher the magistrate
the greater should be the penalty against htm for
an infraction of the law. The Senator's bill affixes-
no penalty against these men who stand befoie
the country confessed violators of the law, but
against a subordinate of theirs who in the futute
may disobey this law it imposes penalties of fine
and imprisonment. We have laws now on our
statute-books making many of these parties liable,
but the courts in many cases are closed against
them; process is not allowed to be served upon
them; and the Senate has already passed a bill
closing virtually the State courts against all those
perspns whose right&haye b.een encroached upon
