1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
ion of the Court of Claims, a bill for the ie!iof of
John Skirving, which passed this House on the
16th of May lost. It then went to the Senate,
passed that body, and afterwards received the ap-
proval of the President. The bill reported back
at this session for the same purpose was reported
through inadvertence. The claim of John Skir-
vmg has been satisfied,and there is no need of any
farther legislation.
Mr. BIDDLE. The explanation is perfectly
satisfactory.
Mr. Fen ton's motion was agreed to.
MOSES YALE.
Mr, FENTON,from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution to confirm the decision
of the Court of Claims in the case of Moses Yah'*,
which was read a first and sccond time, oideied
to be en?! ossed and road a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed
JOHN P. SIIF.UI5UUNI3, ETC.
Mr. DUNN. I ora directed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to report back Mouse bill No.
564, for the relief of Captains John P. Sherburne
and H. Clay Wood, oi the United States Army,
and ask that it be put on its passage.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. As the hill makes an
appropiiation, i make the point of order that it
must have its first consideration in a Committee
of the Whole Uouae on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
JVI r. ST EVENS, from the Committee of Ways
mul Means, n'[)oitrda bill making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department din-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, ld04;
which was read a first and sccond time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the bill be made
the special order for Tuesday next.
Mr. ARNOLD. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Then let it be Wednesday.
The motion, modified, was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPRO Pill ATION BILL,
Mr STEVENS. T move that the rules be sus-
p" nued, and the T Ion <?e resolve itself into tne Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion wjs agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into tfm Committee o'. the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Holm\x
m the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (fI. II. No. 035) making appropriations for th^
legislative, executive, mid judicial uxnenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of Jane,
3864; the question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Roscof, Coskling, to add to the clause ;
on page 34, " for .'omnensation of thirty-three j
commissioners, af OjOMOrach^md eleven clerks, j
at $1 ,«00 each,$ll:2,i2ii(!,"the following proviso: |
Pi oi ula'. A MiHicient Mini -hall he "oi lee ted in the m mm - i
recuonary Si.ue-. to p,i} •,mN.il.u i. *•.  lmljnoi /e>lLi>.
That nn gioat< r mud sha'l .it :n>\ tune lie p ud to ■- i.ti < o.n
mi^ioneis;, or to aiiv oi than j-hah ha\ e Inn n
leetedhotn the tuxe-hulix' iiimii ie^f >Hua:\ ^t.'e , ami p.ml
into the Tifia-'Uiy of tin- i'eiK d .•*tntec*. j
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I must object ,
to the adoption of thatemendoient. ) t !<•: so drawn, ;
although I suppose if was not t,ri intended by the '
mover, that it snould le> so t onstrned os to woik !
a repeal of the expie*-. pmvision of existing i'l'.v, j
which says that those officers shall not )ecu\e :
moie than £3,000 a year. 1 think that tin amend- ,
men t is out of order, because it proposes to change
existing legislation. The amountoftie irsal«.ry is !
fixed bv law, and m the (Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union yon cannot ehange the j
existing law. 1 theieforo moke the point that the 1
amendment is out of older. ;
The CM AIRMAN. Tee Chair overrules the j
point of order. i
Mr. UOSCOE CONKLING. As the question 1
is about to be taken, 1 wish to say a word. I agree
entirely wjtii nil that)ms been said of the rightand
duty of enforcing taxes in insurrectionary States; !
but I wish to remind the committee that the law !
as it now stands has perfected*he forfeiture by '
which collection is to be made. The forfeiture was
worked by the statute of last year, and a procla-
mation of the President, and is not to be worked
by the action of the commissioners. The simple
question is, whether the Presidentshall appoint a
board of tax commissioners, three in number, State
by State, as the occasion demands; or whether
thirty-three commissioners, being three for each
one'of the eleven States, shall be at oncc appointed.
I submit to the committee, and they will say
whether I am right or not, that this appropriation
will be taken as an implication, a virtual direction
to the appointing power, that all the commission-
ers had better be put in ofiice at once. That is
the substance of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not look upon it m that
way at all. The law points out exactly when these
appointments shall be made and exactly when their
duties shall commence, from which time their sal-
aries shall commence. There is no douhtit makes
an appropriation for 1SG4 for so many as the Pies-
ident und<v the law may appoint.
M r. ROSCOE CONKLING. The law does
precisely this: it suspends the collection of this
direct tax except for one year. That is the year
two years before that to which the appropriation
relates. Therefore the whole question is about the
tax of one single year which is already past. I
know that the law, jn a loose sense, fixes the time
when commissioners shall enter upon their duties,
and 1 also know that the practical effect of passing
tins appropriation now will be to prompt, the ap-
pointing power, to give him a nudge, and to say
that the time has come, in the estimation of Con-
gress, when these commissioners ought aU to be
appointed,instead ofleavinghim to appointthem,
according to the 3 uly law, whenever the occasion
shall ansc, not altogether, but from time to time.
If the salary of these men is dependent upon the
collection of the tax, we will have some assurance
that they will not be appointed too soon, and will
do something after they aie appointed. I want
the Piesident to be loft free, without any prompt-
ing from Congress, to act, State by State, instead
of appointing at once thirty-three commission-
ers, being three each for eleven States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that under the amendment proposed we will
provide that the compensation of these commis-
sioners shall not be a greater sum than the amount
: they collect, j submit that the interpretation may
be put on it, whether it is intended by the mo\er
i of it or not, that they may leceive a sum not
: exceeding the amount they collect, instead of the
' amount L-a.nulated in the law.
! Mr. 1V\SC0E CONKLING. Let me say a
woid. I think the gentleman does not lecollect
aright the language oftbcamendment,andthathe
strains somewhat its effect. The amendment, as
| I drew it, somewhat hastily to be sure, simply
1 says that these commissioners shall be paid as
j collections are made; in other words, that their pay
j shall be taken from the fust money collected; and
I the proviso do^s not apply at all to the amount
j they shall receive, but to the time when they shall
j receive :f.
I Mr. RINGflAM. In order that we may un-
; tkrsiand this matter, I ask the Clerk to read the
■ pro\j--o
j Tim proviso was read, as follows:
j Pioni'cu A Milfieient Mini ^hall ho eoMected in the in-
j >• ni i < t Hopuiy .sfate.- t<' pay *aid scalane*:: proiu'cd
I j'ulhci, That no pseairr Mini shall at any time he pa-J to
, Mti<l eonnrn'Moi-ei-. <>t to au\ of them, than Miall have been
co11"■•>{>'(} iioin taxes in me niMineetionary muIin, and paid
into the Ti'"i-.uiy of fho United State-.
Mr. PINGRAM. Now I undeistand that
amendment. If it's intended by the mover that
liiey shall only be paid t-j oil salaries in ease they
coikct it, vhy not stop at tlr; first branch of the
aiTir ndmerf:
proi'^cr, A Mi^'ie:'i>t Mim -hail I if collected in thom-
un ler-tioii'tiv to pay Mud ?• ilain «.
But, iiis'ead of doing that, he attaches to it the
wmos:
]J)ori<hrl ,'ui thft\ That no critter -urn '-hall at any tune
; 'k p eil t>> -a: I ( oiiinn-M"uei-, oi to any of tie in. man 4 hall
have hf eh eiveetefl f io7ii ia\e^ in the in-ui motional> State>.
! and paid into i!u: Tie'i-un oi tlie Crated Stale.-,
j What business have thfise words ihore; If the
: intention U that'hey shall recaive no greater sum
, than piovided by existing Imr, why not stop with
' the first 'nauch of the amendment?
; Mr. ROSCOK CONKLING. I will state why.
' I'or the wimpie reason that without these latter
words it would be feared they might be paid i«
anticipation, upon the trust that taxes would be
realized, whereas the latter words of the amend-
ment make the payment go pari passu with the
collection, and restrict it to the very money col-
lection. >m
"Mr. BINGHAM. The first provision, how-
ever, is that they shall be paid out of the money
they shall collcct.
But I will not stand upon that. The law of
July last, providing for the collection of the direct
taxes in insurrectionary States, contains the ex-
press provision that they shall recoivo no pay
until they enter upon the discharge of their du-
ties. It defmesfurther what shall be the discharge
of their duties, and under what circumstances and
when they shall enter upon them. Under these
circumstances, it seems to me the only effect of
this amendment is to embarrass the Government
in obtaining fit persons to discharge the duties
enjoined by the piovisions of this bill. I am this
day for the execution of that law to the very let-
ter; I am for compelling, in other words, the States
in insurrection to contribute their reasonable pro-
portion, under the Constitution, to the payment
of the expenses of the war for the suppression of
their rebellion. And for that reason I am opposed
to weakening, in any way, the provision of the
existing law by the interpolation of a provision of
this sort. Instead of so amending, I would im-
pose upon these men forfeitures in the event of
non-payment of taxes, which would not only dis-
charge the fees of the commissioners, but increase
the revenues of the Treasury.
I am not here to-day to agree with any man that
the Constitution of the United States has not
armed the people of the United States, in their
sovereign capacity, through their legislators, with
the power of providing by law for the doing of
whatever may be necessary to the suppression of
this rebellion, and for the rendering to the Gov-
ernment, to the last farthing, the real and personal
estate, the money, goods, and effects of every man
in insurrection against the Government of my
country. For that reason, sir, I am not willing
to flitter away the law at this time by the inser-
tion into it of any such amendment.
The question was put upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Roscoe Conkling, and it was not
agieed to.
The question recurring upon the motion, laying
overfi om yesterday, to .sii ike out the entire clause,
the question was put, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WATTS. With the indulgence of the
House, and at the request of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I renew the
amendment I offered the other day. It was then
only objected to by the chairman of the Ways and
Means because of the absence of a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury. I have that letter
now, and I ask that it be read, after I have stated
the amendment. I move to amend by inserting,
after line six hundred and eighty-seven, the fol-
lowing:
Fnt f-aiuiy of clerk at the Uaited States depository at
Santa Fe. New Me\teo. ,^1,8'K) pt j annum ; for watchman
pei annum, -5600; for poiter per annum, .$400.
The letter was read, as follows:
Tiu; v<?l*ry Dei'vrt.mt.nt, Janaarv 7,1863.
Sir: A depositoiy for nte di^buu-otnent of pnhhe money
h<c\nig become in'ce—ai> at Santa re, New Mc.-wco. and
in a'"/nid mee with tiuU noec-ity a riepo<itot \ having been
established theie.i uould le-pecduiiy recommend the np-
[Hopriation ot 2.800 tor the payment of sa!aue-  oi Ueik,
watt. Ji man.and poitei omploved  U ueh depo-'itaiy ; no pi ea-
ch t appiopnation hem? applicable to mk h piupo.-e, and the
-en ice> of Mich pcr-^na hcie? e-seima! to the pioper dis-
ehainc ei the duties el'lhr ofuec, as (oiluw-.
Cicik s?l>800
Watchman  600
l'o! 11*1  400
Total  $#00
\ cy respectfully, P. CUA.SE,
Sen clary of Ihc Treasury.
Hon. TinPDrr^. STevr.NK. Chairman C^mhuttcc of JVays
ana Means jLsihc nj llcpi acntutlvcs.
Air. MAYNARD. Have we notalready passed
beyond thatpoi'ion of the h>i!?
Air. STEVENS. I take it that the whole sec-
tion is open to nmendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. In appropiiation bills,every
clause is treated as a section.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understanding
of the Chair; but as, ui reference to this bill, a
very different rule has prevailed in the committee
