1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
and ruthlessly violated under the authority of the
Executive.
1 do not think the Senator's bill, in other re-
spects than those 1 have indicated, is as it should
be. It allows these persons to He kept for twenty
days. Sir, a free citizen of a free country should
not be detained and deprived of his liberty a sin-
gle moment after lie demands to be brought be-
fore the judicial tribunals of the country to have
the charges against him investigated; and that is
not a free country which will allow a man to be
deprived for one moment, of his liberty longer than
he can apply to the proper tribunals to have the
cause of his confinement investigated. I would
vote for no law that would authorize any power
on earth to keep any mairtwenty days or twenty
hours, unless he was committed in obedience to
the laws of his country. If you arrest him on
a sudden emergency, which under the law you
have a right to do in a large number of cases, hand
him immediately over to the judicial magistrates
to have the case investigated, and if he is guilty,
punished-, if innocent, acquitted. That is our duty,
and whenever we fall short of that we are delin-
quent.
I greatly prefer the substitute offered by the
honorable Senator from Virginia. That bill pun-
ishes all persons who arrest a citizen without war-
rant of law. That bill will open these dungeons
and bastiles, if anything that you can pass will
open them; but, Senators, in passing the^e laws,
wh.U guarantee have you that they will be exe-
cuted ? You admit that thousands of persons have
been arrested without warrant of law. You ad-
mit that persons have ordered arrests who had no
authority under the Constitution and laws to make
arrests; and, so far from facilitating the people
thus injured in having their remedies and rights
ofaction against those who have acted thus wrong-
fully, we are engaged in passing laws to prevent,
hinder, and delay these persons in appeals to the
proper judicial tribunals to have their wrongs
righted. Sir, if the Senator from Illinois really
wished to prevent these arrests by any statute
which we may pass here, 1 would respectfully
suggest to him that the bill of the Senator from
Virginia is much better than any we have before
the Senate. But I have no faith that any law we
may pass here, unless it is one that makes a se-
vere penalty upon those who usurp powers that
do not belong to them under the Uuv, will have
any effect to open these prison doois. I do not
believe that magistrates who in open violation of
the laws imprison citizens unjustly will regard
any law you pass, unless you impose heavy pen-
alties, and visit them with heavy fines and long
imprisonment. Do that,and perpossibility it will
deter them. Anything short of that, in my hum-
ble judgment, will be treated with as little con-
sideration as the Constitution and laws of your
country are now treated by your officials. I know
that honorable Senators justify these arrests upon
the ground of necessity. I am not going to enter
into that discussion, i do not just.fy them, and
I have often expressed that opinion to the Senate.
For the reasons that I have very hurriedly and
dixjointediy given, I cannot vote for the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois, but
1 shall cast my vote for that of the Senator from
Virginia: because taking into consideration the
original bill and the substitute of the Senator from
Illinois and that of the Senator from Virginia, and
considering the whole subject, I think the bill of
the honorable Senator from Viiffinia is the only
one that will give any real remedy to those poor
unfortunate people who are cruelly and wrong-
fully confined m prison.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr President, the sym-
pathies of the honorable Senator from Kentucky
seem to be very much tried in behalf of those gen-
tlemen who have been arrested and imprisoned
under the authority of the President of the United
States, when it has been commonly understood
that the prison door has always been open to all
who would take an oath of fidelity to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow
me a single woid light there. I will state to the
honorable Senator that that may have been the
understand!hg,but it has not been the fact. There
are this day languishing on Johnson's Island, in
the State of Ohio, in Lake. Erie, some eight or ten
of my own constituents, who arc ready and will-
ing to take an oath of allegiance, and have offered
it for the last month, and have not been released.
There arc citizens of my State in Fort La Fayette
in the same condition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the Senator
from Kentucky, where.were those men arrested ?
Mr. POWELL. In the State of Kentucky, at
their homes and farm-houses.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does the Senator know
they were not in sympathy with the secession
party?
Mr. POWELL. I have every evidence to be-
lieve that they were not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Do you know that they
were not?
Mr. POWELL. I have no personal knowledge
on the subject. I have presented to the commis-
sioner of prisons in this city, petitions signed by
as high as twenty or thirty highly respectable
citizens, known to be Union men, and all of them
say that they have taken no part in the rebellion
or aided or abetted it m any way, and asking that
they might be released; and on these petitions of
men whom I know, I do not believe tlvat any ac-
tion was taken by them either directly or indi-
rectly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Where were they arrested?
Mr. POWELL. They were taken from their
homes m the counties of Union, Hopkins, and
Caldwell, in Kentucky, and m other counties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Have the forces of the
confederates been m those counties?
Mr. POWELL. Some times they have been
there, and the United States forces have been there
too.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Those persons were taken,
then, in places where there had been actual con-
flicts of arms from time to time?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They were taken when
the confederates were there?
Mr. POWELL. No; but taken at times when
the confederates had not been for weeks in that
section of country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have heard the honor-
able Senator on that subject. Those persons, it
seems, who were taken prisoners in those sections
of country where the confederates in arms had
been passing with their armies, have been arrested
by the officers in command, and are held as pris-
oners of war.
Mr. POWELL. They are not held as prison-
ers of war at all, hut held as political prisoners.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have it on (lie authority
of those connected with the Department, and, in-
deed, 1 believe that I feel myself authorized to say
from the Secretary of War himself, in relation to
any arrests that have been made, except those
arrests that have taken place in the midstof those
sections of country where actual conflicts of arms
are going on, the pi ison door has always been open
to those who were willing to take the oath of al-
legiance, unless in some case<* where the proof was
positive of their actual guilt and complicity in
crime.
Now, Mr. President, what I said in the begin-
ning, I repeat, we have heard from that honorable
Senator nothing but expressions of sympathy
for those unfortunate persons who have been
from time to time ai rested and imprisoned by the
Government. Sn, when does he express one
word of sympathy for the people of Kentucky
and Tennessee and Alabama and Virginia, who
have been imprisoned by the rebels in arms, and
are rotting in dungeons; men who have been ex-
ecuted by hundreds and by thousands? What
sentiment or word of sympathy does he express
for them ? Not one word.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
I will say to him now that I have always thought
that the ai rests of those persons were wrong, and
have always condemned them, and never have
justified them. I know that they have imprisoned
men in my State, and if I were in their Congress
I would oppose it as bitterly as I do the unlawful
imprisonments here. These unlawful imprison-
ments wherever done, whether in the confederate
States or here, are all wrong; they all meet my
condemnation; and I will say to the Senator that
every citizen, I do not care where he is imprisoned,
or by what power, who is unlawfully deprived of
his liberties, is entitled to my sympathies, and has
them, and I think he ought to have the sympa-
thies of every lover of civil liberty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to con-
tinue this dialogue with the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to interrupt the Senator on the floor unless
he yields for that purpose.
Mr. POWELL. 1 thought the Senator from
Wisconsin yielded to me. I certainly yielded
tery courteously as often as he asked me to do so
on Saturday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the other
day I read in a newspaper that at the St. Nicholas
Hotel, in the city of New York, a man from Rich-
mond, who had been engaged in the confederate
service as a detective in behalf of the confederate -
government, was arrested and imprisoned. Now,
I propose to carry out the honorable Senator's
doctrine to its results, and see where it leads. By
what authority was that man taken in the St.
Nicholas Hotel ? He was unarmed, he was not
in war, ho had no arms about him, he made no
resistance, he was captured in the city of New
York in a peacefulemployment. The courts were
open; your grand juries could sit; your judges
could sit; all the courts of the city of New York
were open. By what authority does this Govern-
ment hold that man in confinement? Although
known to be and to have been in the confederate
service as a detective employed by that govern-
ment, by what authority was he arrested ? Could
he be taken and held by any judicial authority?
No, sir, not at all. His crime was" not committed
in the city of New York, or in the State of New
York,Hr in the district of New York. His crime
was committed in the State of Virginia, and none
but a Virginia judge could issue a warrant to ar-
rest him. By what power then is he held in the
city of New York ? When gentlemen stand here
and undertake to say that men can only be arrested
in times of war like these by judicial process, that
they can only be arrested by a warrant issued by
a court or a judge having jurisdiction of the offense,
they talk nonsense.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow
me to correct him. The Senator certainly never
understood me to say that in these times of war
no man could be arrested except upon process. I
have said that no citizen of the United States who
is not in arms can bo lawfully arrested, unless by
legal process. 1 never intimated that a man en-
gaged in arms against the Government could not
be arrested without judicial process. He certain-
ly can be arrested as a prisoner of war. And
allow me to tell the honorable Senator one thing
further, that I have never spokenagamst the con 
finement of any person taken in arms against the
Government. If men go to war and diaw the
sword, let them abide its decision. It is for citi-
zens who have been arrested,in no way connected
with the army, that I have made my complaint,
and none others.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The very ease I put is
that of a man not in arms.
Mr. POWELL. That wasa man notoriously,
as he says, engaged in the rebellion. I do not
know what case he alludes to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Notoriously engaged in
the service of the confederate government as a
detective. *
Mr. POWELL. In the army?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No.
Mr. POWELL. Then, if he was a detective
and a spy, he ought to have been arrested under
the Army regulations as a spy, and dealt with as
such.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not state that he was
a spy, but he hud been employed in the confed-
erate service as a detective for them at Richmond.
Mr. POWELL. That connected him with them,
and connected him with their army.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But upon what ground
do you take him ?
Mr. POWELL. lie could have been arrested
on a warrant no doubt.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ^The Senator says if ho
was a citizen of the United States he could not be
taken. Sir, because he resided in Virginia, would
he cease to be a citizen of the United States?
M r. POW ELL. I never claimed that; but my
rematk was that if he was a citizen, and had not
been m arms against the Government, or in any
way connected with their militaiy service, you
could not lawfully arrest him except by warrant.
That is my position. But if he'*had been in the
confederate military service, or connected as a
