1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
spy, detective,orothenvise, with the government,
then you could arrest him with or without a war-
ra nt.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But suppose, without be-
ing m arms, suppose without being a spy, he had
furnished food or clothing or had been a contractor
to deliver food and clothing to the confederate au-
thorities.
Mr. POWELL. Then he would have to be
treated, I think, a« one engaged in the war.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to be
interrupted. I intend to push this thing to the
wall and to the bottom.
Mr. CARLILE. Let us sift 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am now addressing my-
self to the Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin declines to yield the floor, and
will proceed without interruption.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 propose in the little time
I occupy here, to show how perfectly preposterous
this whole pretense ia, that when we are engaged
in war,all the arrests thatare necessary to be made
can be made by judicial process It is impossible.
It is known to all the world and to all history that
when war exists it is necessary to call another
power in exercise than that of simple judicial
power, when you wish to arrest your criminals.
Therefore it is that the Constitution of the United
States, wiser than the Senator from Kentucky,
wiser, perhaps, than any here, assumes as an un-
disputed fact, that in case of insurrection <er inva-
siorijthe public safety may require that thewntof
habeas corpus shall he suspended, and therefore it
says, in limiting the power of suspension, it shall
be suspended only in case of invasion and insur-
rection, and when the public safety requires it. The
language is:
"Thi* privilege of the writ of habeas coijmt shall nof he
pjuspended, uiiIcsh when, in cases of rebellion or invasion,
the public v.tiViy may require it."
That piesumes that it may be suspended in
cases of insurrection and invasion, when the pub-
lic safety requires it. Sir, are wo now in the
midst of insurrection? When, in the whole his-
tory of mankind, did an insurrection exist if one
does not exist now? In the whole history of
human government, when did the public safety
require thut the privileges of this writ should be
suspended if it does not require it now?
Mr.President, the necessity for the suspension
ofthiswiit isnhsulute; it is immediate; the only
question is—and that is the disputed one—who
has the power to suspend it, who shall judge when
itshall be suspended? On that subject we alt know
there has been a great difference of opinion. Some
of the very best legal minds of the country, and
I will say some of the best legal minds in this
Ohambei, maintain, and earnestly maintain, that
the suspension of the habeas corpus in tune of war
is of necessity an executive power, and they put
it on the gnutnd of the very nature of the power.
Jf it depends upon Congress to suspend H,Con-
Src-ss is not in session for one half fin-year. The
Executive is always in session, is always active,
and a I ways ready to exert his power. Not so with
Congress. More Congress could be called to-
gether, an insurrection might seize your seat of
(*ovei inneut,seize your archives, seize your pub-
lic offices, and prevent t he assembling of Congress
which is necessary to the suspension of the writ.
But, Mir, on the other hand it is maintained that
i he jealousies of our poop!-- ate such that they are
unwilling to place in the hands of a single indi-
vidual ihis immense power to imptison a man in
time of war and insurrection: and hence it con-
tended that it should be in the legislative power,
it should belong to Oongtess, and to Congress
alone, to judire of the necessity of when this wnt
should he suspended.
Now, in that, which is the practical state of this
case, what shall we do? The bill of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois is drawn to meet, just
that case, and this first section of die bill is drawn
in such a manner that those who maintain that the
power is in the President can vote for that sec-
tion, foi it amounts to but a declaratory section,
declaring th.u the President is amhoiized; and
those wiio maintain that the power is m Congress
<an wne foi that section, for if the President does
not h<ue it under tlv  Constitution, that section
\vi!! clothe him with the power. Therefore, what-
ever our views may be on that question, we can
conscientiously vote for this first and important
section of this bill.
But, sir, this question has been raised: if the
power is m the President he can exercise it with-
out any legislation of Congress, and the legisla-
tion will be entirely unnecessary; and if the power
to suspend it is in Congress, the question is, can
we delegate to the President the power to judge
of the exigency upon which the exercise of that
power shall depend; can we authorize the Presi-
dent to judge of the exigency upon which the
writ may be suspended? Upon that question two
cases have arisen, and been decided by the Su-
preme Court upon both branches of this clause of
the Constitution:
"Congress shall have power to provide for nailing forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, to suppiess
insurrections,and repei invasions.*'
The law of Congress of 1795 provided that the
President should have power to call out the troops
in cases of invasion, and the Piesident by that
act. becanic clothed with the power to judge when
an invasion had occurred, and the Supreme Court
expressly decided that where Congress clothed
him with that power it gave him the righttojudge
of the exigency, whether the exigency did or did
not exist. I quote a single sentence from the lan-
guage of the court:
" Whenever a statute gives a discretionary power to any
person, to bo exercised by him upon hid own opinion of
eeitain facts, it is a sound uile of construction that the
statute constitutes him the sole and exclusive judge of the
existence of those laets."
The law of Congress clothed the President with
the power to judge when an invasion had taken
place. According to tiie doctrine of the Senator
iVom Kentucky and the Senator from Vnginia,
Congress ought itself to have waited until the in-
vasion had taken place, and then Congiess should
have announced the fact. According to the doc-
ti ine of the Senators, Congress cannot beforehand
say to the President, " whenever the territory is
invaded you shall be authorized to call out the
troops and repel u." According to their doctrine
the whole discretion is to be exercised by Con-
gress. Such, however, was not the decision of
the court. And again, upon'the other branch of
that clause, in the case coming up from Rhode
Island, the court say:
"It touted with Congress*, too, to determine upon the
means proper to be adopted to i uliill this guaiantee. They
might, it they had deemed il most advisable to do .so. have
placed it in the powei of «i court to decide when the con-
tingency had happened which icquired the Federal Gov-
ernment to interleie."'
Here Chief Justice Taney says that Congress
could have clothed a Court with the power to de-
termine the question whether the exigency had
arisen which wouid authorize the Federal Gov-
ernment to interfeie and putdown an msuirection.
What say the Senator from Vnginia and the
Senator fiom Kentucky? They say we cannot
delegate the power to another whether the exi-
gency has arisen; we can not delegate to the Presi-
dent the power to judge whether the public safety
requires him to suspend the privilegesof the writ
of habeas corpus. The cotut go on to say:
44 Hut Congress thought othet wise, and no doubt wisely ;
and bj the act ot Fcbiuaiv &S 1795, piovtded thai{ m ca->e
ol -in iiiMureetuui in ;ui> fSrate against the government
theieof, if shall be lawlul lor the Pi evident of the United
Slates, on application of the Legislature of such State or
ot the, executive, (when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened.) to call foi lii such numbci of the mtluia of any othci
State ot State-i, a* mav he applied loi, as he may judge suf-
ficient to suppress such imunrection/
'* Hv tins ad, (he powei of deciding whether the exi-
gency has arisen upon wIik h the Coveimnent oi the Uni-
ted States is bound to mieileie, is given to the President.
He is to act upon tin application of the Legislature oi of the
executive, mid consequently he must dctci nunc what body
ot men constitute the Legislature, and who is the Govein-
oi, before he can act.''
So by this act, the power to decide whether the
public safety in any particular district or section or
State requires the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus we propose to give to the President. It is
neeessai y that we <?ive u to the President. In the
ever-changing circumstances which grow out of
war, and a gigantic, war like this, who can judge
two months or six months beforehand the places
where it will be necessary that this writ shall be
suspended ? The advance of the Army backwards
or forwards over the border, the advance of our
Army into the confederate States, or the advance
of the army of the confederates, as it did once ad-
vance, into Maryland or into Pennsylvania might
require the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
in different places from where it would be neces-
sary to have it suspended but for the advance of
this army. It is to be given to the President. The
court in the Rhode Island case go on to say:
"The fact that both paities claim the right to the gov-
ernment cannot alter the case, for both cannot be entitled
to it. If there is an aimed conflict, like the one of which
we are speaking, it is a case of domestic violence, and one
of the parties must be in insurrection against the lawful
government. And the President must, of necessity, de-
cide which is the government."
The President decides that fact, not Congress,
whether it was the Dorr government or the char-
ter government of Rhode Island. The political
question as to which is the government and which
is the insurrection, is to be decided by the Pres-
ident. He is the political head of our affairs to
decide on a subject like that. The court say:
" And the President must bf necessity decide which is
the government and which party is unlawfully airayed
against it, before lie can perform the duty imposed upon
him by the act of Congress.
" After the President has acted, and called oat the militia,
h a cncuit court of the United States authoi i/.ed to inquire
whether his decision was right? Could the couit. while
the parties were actually contending in arms for the pos-
session of the government, call witnesses bel'oie it and m-
(juite which paity ropiesented a majouty of the people ? Ft
it could, then it would bccorue the duty of the couit (pio-
vided it came to the conclusion that the President had de-
cided incoirectly) to discharge those who were ariested or
detained by the troops in the service of the United States,
or the government which the Piesident was endeavoring
to maintain. If the judicial power extends so far, the guar-
antee contained ni the Constitution ot the United States is
a guarantee of anaich}, and not ot oider. Y et il Ihis right
does nof icsidc in the couit*. when the conflict is inging,if
the judicial power is at that time bound to follow the de-
cision of the political, it mu*>t be equally hound when the
contest is ovei. If cannot, when pence is tcuoiod. punish
as oflenses arid crimes the act- it befoio leeogmzcd, and
was bound to iccognize as lawful " * * * *
It is said that tins powei in the Piesident is dansrerous
to hbei ty, and may lie abused. All powei may be alui«.ed
it placed in unworthy hands. But it would be difficult, we
think, to point out aiiy other hand** in which this power
would be moo' safe, and at the s aim1 tune i quail} eff< ctual.
When e.n/.ens of the same Slate aie in aim> ajjaiu-t each
other, and the constituted nut hoi it ie«< unable io ev-cute the
law s, the in let position ol the United States must be piompt,
oi it is of little value. The nuiinaty eonw of pmreedaig
in couiH of justice would be utleily unfit foi the cusb. And
the elevated office of the Piesident, chosen as he by the
people of the United Slater, mid the high ic-poii'-ibility he
could not fail to feel when acting m a case of so much mo-
ment,appear to furnish as strong safe giiaid-* agamM avvill-
ful abuse of powei us human piudence and lot e-ight could
well piovide At all events, it i-t eoni'eried upon him by the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and mu^ttheie-
toie be respected and enforced in its judicial uibunaK"
Now, Mr. President, what I say is, that when
the Congress of the United States, by this net,if
we now pass it, shall clothe the President with
the power to judge when the public safety and
where the public safety requires this wtif to be
suspended during this war, there is not a court in
Christendom thnt will not sustain the validity of
the act: and let me say to Senators, they may rest
upon it that u is as certain as that we have a Gov-
ernment at all that (his law will be sustained and
upheld as constitutional; for, whether the power
be in the President under the Constitution to sus-
pend the writ, or whether it be in Congress, fj10
united power of both under tho Constitution will
have been brought together and concenti ated, and
given to the President the right to suspend this
writ when in his judgment the public safely re-
quires it. I have no doubt, no misgiving as to
the validity of this act, nor have ! any doubt or
any misgiving as to the beneficial effects which it
will exercise throughout the land; and then, under
this act, the Piesident, clothed with this power
upon his responsibility to suspend tins writ, will
be authorized to seize upon those who are guilty
of the crime of treason, or those who are lending
the tebeilton aid or comfort, or those whom he
knows, or has every reas-on to believe, ore about
to join the enemy, or give them aid ot comfort;
for it is to reach that class of men that it is tkcpr-
sary that the Executive should be clothed with
this power. It is notenough that he inav be per-
mitted to arrest those who have been gutlty of
actual crime. In times of war it is nectssniy to
arrest those who are about to engage in ei ime. It
is well known to all our criminal jurisprudence
that we have power to arrest men to prevent the
commission of crime. There m not a State in the
Union, I beheve, where such laws do not exist;
| and for the prevention of crime, to prevent men
j fiom using: their power against us m certain cases
| and in certain places, it becomes absolutely neces-
j saiy to arrest men, even though they have not
I committed the overt act.
