THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGI^SS, PUBLISHED BY JOHIST C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session*.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1£63.
New Series No. 17.
therefore, that he should have ample assistance,'
and that his assistant should have a salary that
will command the best talent he can employ. I
understand that the present Assistant Secretary
of State is a man of great ability and learning,
and it seems to me that his compensation is not
adequate to his place and his abilities. 1 think he
should be put upon the same footing as all other
AssistantSecrctarics. I now withdraw myamend-
ment to the amendment.
The question rccurrcd on Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling's amendment as amended.
Mr. WiCKUFFE. I would inquire what is
the salary of thh officer now?
Mr. STEVENS. His salary is $3,000.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Who fills this office now?
Any cousin, nephew, or son of the Secretary ?
Mr. STEVENS. Weii, sir, I am notadwsed
to-day whether there has been any change in the
office or not. If not, the Blue Book will answer
the gentlemansa question. [Laughter.]
Mr. WICKUFFE. I cannot appreciate the
gentleman's wit, becausc 1 could not hoar a word
he said. But if the salary is now ^3,000, why
should we legislate now about the matter, and fix
it at $3,000 ? I move to strike out the entire clause.
The amendment of Mr. Roscoe Conkli.vg, as
amended, was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wick-
liffe's motion to strike out the entire clause,
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to amend
the clause by inserting after the word k< Navy,"
in the thild line, the words, u the sum of #1,000."
Mr. Chairman, it u as not my purpose, m mov-
ing the original amendment, to interfere at ail in
the question of how much this salary should be.
I agree, however, entirely with what was said by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayn'ard;]
and so fully do 1 agree with him, that 1 took the
liberty of predicting otigmally, when the first of
these pro positions came hero, that the result would
be precisely what it liss been.
The first of the.se gentlemen v.*hope case came
here, came with a special cast1, one of such equity,
of such merit, we were told, that the enseof no other
Assistant Secretary could be so meritorious; that
no other state of facts could with equal force plead
for larger pay. His salary was raised, of course.
Presently comes along another Assistant Secre-
tary, and hiS ease was a little stronger still. It
seemed very much like the management at an auc-
tion, where every article put up is a little better
than the one last piecedmg, and where every
chance is positively the \ery lust. Ft om the out-
set, I have voted against ail propositions to in-
crease salaries, whether of Secretaries or others,
and in this instance cannot depart from my habit,
unless there he some special reasons peculiar to it.
I know that there is great truth m what has been
said by the gentleman irom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thomas ,] that £3,000 now is not as good as ^3,000
was once. I know, Mr. Chaitinan, tiiat leuiaik
is applicable to you and to me, and to ail the peo-
ple of the country. I know that rebellion and
financial innovations have not tnken place with-
out afflicting almost every mini with a virtual
diminution of his income, without imposing on
him additional burdens, and, if he has held im-
portant public place, making enlarged demands
upon him. If this weie peculiar to the class of
persons embraced in the proposition refeued to,
1 should be inclined to listen to the argument of
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts, and gi\e it the
weight he seems to give it; but I think that in
order to carry out the logic fairly, wc should all
of us, and all of those whom we represent, have
our conditions improved by additional compen-
sation.
Now, I think the Assistant Secretary of the In-
terior, if I understand what his duties are, is paid
vastly better than any member of this IIou.se,
unless it be some member who journeys so far
that his mileage is unusually large. I believe he
is paid vastly better than an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of the country engaged in
public and intellectual employments. And I be-
17
lieve tliat if the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries
of War and the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
were but ^3,000, these officers would be paid quite
as well as mostgentlemen within the sound of my
voice; and I think the same is probably true of
the Assistant Secretary of State.
However this may be, I insist upon it that if
the committee is inclined to raise a salary, we
ought to say so; we ought to say what the salary
shall be in so many woids, and not refer from
statute to statute, compelling those who may have
occasion m future to look, to go back from one
statute to another, making statutes but stepping
stones to knowledge which ought to be found in
the statutes themselves. If the salary is to be
$4,000, let us say so. I therefore move to amend
by inserting the words " being ^4,000,5'in order
that we may know, and that others may know,
exactly what we mean.
Mr. COX. I would inquire from the gentle-
man fioni New Yoik if the salary of the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy is reaflv $4,000?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL'.NG. Cwtamly. as I
am informed by the chairman of the Ways and
Means.
Mr. COX. Then what is the object of the gen-
tleman's amendment?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The object of
the amendment is to legislate, not by relation,or
by covering up with woids, hut by telling the
truth. I do not think that the gentleman fiom
Ohio attended to the previous debate. The salary
of the Seeietary of the Navy itself is not fixed
in express terms; but he is to receive as much as
somebody else; and that somebody cl^e is to re-
ceive as much as some other man, and he again
as much as still another,and so on. Where the
fountain head is I do not know. Like the Nile,
its sources are hidden; and no one knows who
the original Dr. Jacobs is.
Mi. COX. I am afiaid that the object of my
fnend's amendment is somewhat like the Nile—
li'dden. I am afraid that this inanother raid from
the Republicans on the D'-paitment of Stat'"*. 1
think thaf the A distant S°ei etary of State should
b'  paid as well as the Assistant Seen tai lesofothor
Departments. There is moie intellectual labor re-
quiied by him, a great deal mote, than is required
by otheis. Any one who looks at our volumin-
ous diplomatic correspondence will s^e that. 1
hope the gentleman from New York' will not put
himself in the position of keeping down the sal-
uiyof the Assistant Socreteiyof State by mak-
ing1 what seems to be an unsubstantial objection.
Tiie amount is precisely the same, no matter what
the phraseology is. 1 l>< heve that the Assistant
Secretary of State is as much entitled to this sal-
ary as any other Assistant Secretary is. If he
wants to cut down the salaries of them all, let him
hio\e to du so, and we will vote for it on this
side; but I do not want to discriminate against
the Assistant Secretary of Slate.
Tie-* motion was taken on Mi. Roscoe Cosrrc-
liyg's amendment: and it was agieed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I oiler the following
amendment:
Add :it th  end of tV"* h.!l a^ follow-: •
Hi:r shbl it fw.lhci erutciu!, That thiee additional
eleih-. ot ihe lit.-l rja-.-. an'! tinc.* ot tie: M'coml e!a-t, be
aiuhoi i7,'.'(I I'M i!.i oihec of lli<- bi\ieta;\ of ihe Navy; one
chief ch'ik, and ihiee -^cond rn-s eioik--, for Hie L>iueau
ol Otflna'Vf; two jn-1 tla*- clcik1-. and two s-eeond ela?>*-
cl'il: . Jul t!>( finnan oi Pr>\w<>iis and (.'lotlunu. And
that a i iboici be aut>t< n i/ci e <i p'k It of I lie I'm; ■mii'j of M"d-
icme and Surnen . Eqn pnieni and lleciuiimc, and Vivi-
yat'on. ai a srd.uC ot stbJ each ; and two additional ms'ht
w otclnnen foi tin; Xnvy Dcpat ttn<'ii!, at s00O each; and that
the Mini of P-..'i.i'00 he appiopa.ucd theieloi.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I send up some commu-
nications which 1 ask to have lead:
The Chirk read, as fellows:
y.wv f)rra.ri Mrnt, Jrrtvaru 6, lSOX
Fir • Additional cloaca! -ei vic^ arc mde po livable to the
prompt di-pateh of the la;^U mctea'-ed bu-ine^s of the
Dcpaitm''nt; and I re^pecttnlh a-k ihat the acconipanv mt:
diatt of an amendment m<u ho at'acht d lo the b.ll making
apnioDiiations loi the Uscal \eui ending 3-lr'i June, l£ol.
Very respectfully, GJDEO.N WELLES,
Sen deny of the Navy.
Hon. C B Sedgwick, Chairman House Naral Commiiiee.
: Extract from ihe annual official report of the Chief of the
i Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
j " Additional eleik in the Bureau.
i (i The clei ical foice 111 the bureau is entirely inadequate
to the perfonnance of it^ duties.
w But one additional cleik lias been authorized since
IPoO, though there are now more than five times as many
voxels and stations with accounts to settle at the bureau.
•'The contiarjs and conespondeiice have greatly in-
creased, and the exprndltuK'f., made tluough irs agency,
have trrown fiom one and a half million annually to more
than mx millions. At least four clerks m addition to the
pie-~ont number aie, in nn opinion, indispensable to tha
tiansactiou of the business of the bureau."
Extract from official estimates for the Bureau of Ordnance,
[E'.hmatcs of appropriation jor near ending June 30,1863,
p. 221.]
- "Supplementary to A.
One chief clerk   $1,800
Three second class clerks    4,£00
*$6,000
" There is but one clerk now allowed by law. Four ad-
ditional cleiks are absolutely icquiied to "keep up the pres-
ent amount of woik."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Foi the payment of twenty clerk?, in addition to those
now authoiized in the Pension Olhee, $30,000.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have aletter which I havejust
received Irom the Pension Office. The head of the
office had spoken to me about it before, and I re-
quested him to send m a communication to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I ask that the
letter he read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Pr.:ssiON Orf ice, Junuary 9, 38G3.
Sir : I bps loav  respectfully to state that, after careful
estimate, I am satisfied of the necessity ofan appropnation
of at Iea^t $b0,000, tn addition to that already made, for the
payment of cleiks in tins office, during the current fiscal
yeat. The business of the Pension Office has very greatly
itici eased within the last few months, and without at least
the additional appiopnation above asked, it will be impos-
sil.I" to act on p"e- ion rianns with any app'oaeh to prompt-
itude. The above estimate will cover the salaues of twenty
cleiks of ihe different grades.
\ cry jcspectlully, \oura,
JOSEPH H. BARRETT,
Commissioner.
Hon*. Tu.vnnrt's Stfvens,
Chuirhiait of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. I am induced, from the read-
ing- of the letter, to modify my amendment so as
to make it apply to the current fiscal year.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to offer
the following amendment, to come in after line
six hundred and sixteen:
Fo. extra compensation to the clerks and messengers of
the postniBce at Wa-hin^ton, District of Columbia,$30,000:
Pioiuldl, That'he same be equaily divided by the post-
master thcreoi.
Mr. PjLAICE. 1 object.
Mr. 8. C. KESSENOEN. Will the gentleman
hoar me for a moment5
Mr. BLAKE. No. 1 objcct.
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendmentis notin
order.
Mr, STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
lesumed the chair, Mr. Holmas leported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, accoidijig to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and narficnlaily the legisla-
tive, executive , and judicial appropriation bill, and
had instructed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. BENNET. I appeal to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to permit me
to introduce an amendment here.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection.
Mr. BENNET. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Aftct the word "dollars," in line seven hundred and
twenty. pa<;e 30, in:>ert:
Pro\ ulcd, That a portion of said appropriation, sufficient
l'oi the puiposo, may be umj<1 for printing an edition of the
laws of said Territory in the Spamsli language, and for pay
