1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
insurgents to disperse in twenty days. Although
this requirement was disregarded by the rebels m
firms, it did not remove the delusion under which
the Chief Magistrate was laboring, for in his mes-
sage to this House at its extra session, nearly three
months after the issuance of his first proclamation,
lie holds the fallowing language:
{;It uiav well bo questioned whether there, is to-day a
majoi ity of the legally qualified voters of any State, except
peihaps South Carolina, in favor of disunion. There is
much icasori to believe that the Union men aie in the ma-
jority m many, if not m eveiy other one, of the so-called
conledeiatc States.''
So that,at the time that message was delivered,
it was the opinion of the head of the executive
department that the armies of the Federal Gov-
ernment would only have to meet one half the
people of the States m revolt, and that four hun-
dred thousand men would bo amply sufficient to
accomplish the end, and unable the Union element
to get possession of their respective State govern-
ments. Congress, differing with him slightly,
placed at his disposal one hundred thousand more
men than he required. Now, sir, if the facts had
been as the President supposed they were, the
failure which has so far attended the effoits to
restore the Union might not have occurred. The
idea that any considerable portion of the revolted
States was loyal, with the exception of East Ten-
nessee and West Virginia, after the step of seces-
sion had been taken by State action, was always
to my mind simply preposterous. Suppose, sir,
that hi any given section every politician, every
newspaper, every lawyer, every physician and
preacher, every judge, clerk, sheriff, constable,
and justice of the peace, and every piomincnt
man m every neighborhood, stood one w y on
any question, how would the people be: Would
not the public sentiment be almost a unit on that
question? Such is my experience and observa-
tion, and such I behove to be the experience and
observation of otheis. This, sir, was the con-
dition of things, with here and thete an isolated
exception, in the revolutionary States.
I have believed, from the beginning, that they
were a united and deteimined people. Jftluy
were not, what of Union sentiment existed there
has been almost, if not entirely, obliterated and
blotted out by the conduct of the war, the passage
of a confiscation law by this Congress, in direct
conflict, in my judgment, with the fundamental
Jaw, and without warrant, and by the pioclanm-
tiona, of the President on the 4th of September
last and 1st of Jnnuaiy, in \iolation of, and un-
authorized by, our national compact, and contrary
to principles of common humanity. These nets
have solidified the people of those States. You
propose by your confiscation act to send outhouse-
less, homeless, as vagabonds and beggars, the
white men, women, and children of eleven States,
and inhabit their country by the black racc. The
emancipation proclamation proposes to emanci-
pate and set fieu tiie slas es of as many States, and
indirectly invites the inauguration ofserviic insur-
rection, and enjoins the Army and Navy to stand
silently and quietly by while the woik of rape,
butchery, robbery, and death is being inflicted
upon defenseless women anil children. These are
the feasts to which you have invited the people of
the revolted States, and these acts have had the
effect to make them an undivided and most des-
peiate people. They now feel leduced to the con-
dition of fighting foi their homes, their fnesidex,
their wives and their children. Yon have pre-
sented to them the alternative of death on the bat-
tle-field or death on the scs i7oid,po verty, rum, and
want. Everything, sir, winch lias transpired in
the last three or four months would se« m to in-
dicate that they have chosen the former portion
unitedly. If they had not, amilbon men in arms
would not be requisite to put their armies in the
field to flight. This false idea that the people of
the southern States wire neatly evenly divided,
has lead, in my opinion, to the blunders and dis-
asters which have attended our arms, and the fact
oufflit to have been learned by us long ago,
Now, if the fa^rs are tlu t the people of these
States are thoroughly united against and disaf-
fected to the Government, the whole aspect of the
question, as it presented itself to the Administra-
tion m the outset, has changed, and to-day we
find ourselves prosecuting a war which the head
of the Administration thinks cannot be success-
fully prosecuted so far as the reducing of the se-
ceded States to subjection is concerned. Under
this changed aspect of things the war becomes one
not of subjugation, but one of extermination—
of utter extermination; a kind of war, Mr. Chair-
man, to which I am utterly opposed, believing,
as I do, that such a war would most probably not
only not save anything, nor accomplish anything
towaid the icstoiatioii of the Union, but will most
likely endanger what of libei ty we have left, bank-
rupt the country, demoralize its people, and invite
wild anarchy, confusion, and discord to rule, in-
stead of constitutional authority. There are but
two views to the question: one, the prosecution
of this war to the utter extermination of the pop-
ulation of those States, and their reduction to Ter-
ritories, or the reference of all matters of dispute
and difference to some other arbitrament than that
of the sword. This may be rather against notions
of etiquette; as some say, they have appealed to
the sword, let them die by the sword. When life is
at stake, etiquette is not to be consulted. When
i see a house in flames, and a human being about
to he consumed, I should not wait for an intro-
duction before pulling him out. Had 1 the power
to-day, I would disband both armies now in the
field and ask a national convention as the most
reasonable, just, and practical method of arrang-
ing all present troubles.
If the view entertained by the Administration
and the supporters of its war policy in regaid to
the prevalence of Union sentiment among the
people of the revolutionary ^tates had been well
founded, then the restoiation of the Union by the
exercise of coercive and foicible power might have
been brought about. The events, however, of the
last twenty months have conclusively demonstra-
ted the fallacy of the idea upon which the Admin-
istration hoped to succeed in restoring the Federal,
or national authority. Only upon a hypothesis
like the one upon which the Administration pro-
ceeded was there any possibility of ultimate suc-
cess. When, sir, I assert this, I stand here pre-
pared to support the declaration by the very high-
est official authority, to which I beg leave to call
the attention of the House.
Mr. Seward, in his letter to Mr. Adams, dated
April 10, 3861, undertakes, in terms, to express
the view's of the President, and uses the following
stiong, emphatic, and unmistakable language:
"The President neither looks lor nor apprehends any
aetua! oi peimanent di-membei incut ol the Ahum umu Union,
<>>pr-f(.i]!\ by a line ol 1 ititnde The *o-e,i|[ed eo.uVdewste
Staler, tlieii'lcne. in the opinion ol the {'tendetu, aie at-
tempting what will piuve a pt'\?:c;il impossibility Tin;
mov< nicMit, theretor* ,i.) the opinion ol the Pre-ident. tend.-
duectU to aiiatehy in the'-ceeded States a> Minilai inovc-
ments ii) Minil.u cut nin-ianees have alieadv ri:>u!ted m
>pani-h Ain'M va and Mexico lie bs-lieui-, tie\eiiisele—,
that the eai7."n- oftho.-e State-., as well a- the citizen-. of
the other State-!, n;<- ton intell^'-nt, eonsideinte, and u i-o,
to I'oliow then leader to tin- di-a-tnm? end. Foi those
lea-nn-. he [rhe Pie-n'en'] would not b- d.-posed 10 reject
a e.ndma! dueti me of then-, namely . that the Fedetn! Gov-
ernment coiild not icduee the receded States to obedience
by conquer,even although he wue du-po^ed to question
that piopo-ition.
" Hut, in tact, the President willingly accepts it as tme.
Only an nnpena! or despotic Government could subjugate
thoiotighJ} dis.uTect'.d and msuncctionaiy members of the
StaV."5
Now, sir, what was the proposition which the
President, on the 10th of April, ]b6], notonly ac-
cepted as triu , but willingly accepted as true be-
yond question and without doubt. It was, sir,
that the Federal Government could not reduce the
seceding States to obedience by conquest. Not
only did the President willingly accept this prop-
osition as u tie, but he added this lemarkablc and
emphatic language:
'• Only an nnpena! or depone Government could -ubjii
<;.ite tn«MOii«hly disaffected and inMUieetionary membeis of
tne U<' -1
Nov.-, sir, who to-day h"re doubts the fact that
South Carohnn. Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mis-
sissippi, Loui&iana,Texas rkansas, North Car-
olina, the larger parts of Virginia and Tennessee,
are thoroughly disaffected, and insurrectionaly
UKiiibeis of th'- Stttr. Iftl.cynre not, wheie the
ri'Tess.ty fm- the employment of one of the most
powerful navies iii the woi Id, and a mill ion of armed
men in the field, (more than n man for every voter
m those States,) to reduce them to subjection. If,
then, they are thoroughly disaffected and insur-
rectionary members ot the State, of which there
cannot be a question, then, according to the view
of the President, as expressed by Mr, Seward,
only an imperial or despotic Government could
subjugate them. Our Government, as made by
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and their com-
patriots, being neither an imperial nor despotic
Government, it follows as a consequence from the
proposition announced by Mr. Seward that we
cannot subjugate them. So thoroughly were these
conviction's, emanating from the two highest pub-
lic functionaries in theiand—the Pi esidentand Sec-
retary of State—impresssed upo.n my mind,that I
have acted in my representative capacity on this
floor upon them, and have not committed myself
to the poiicy of voting men and money to accom-
plish what these distinguished statesmen said so
emphatically could not be done. And f presume,
sir, that no gentleman here would have the hardi-
hood to say that either of those high public func-
tionaries was disloyal; and yet it has been said
that for the utterance of similar sentiments cit-
izens in the more humble walks of life have been
torn from the bosoms of their families, incarcer-
ated in filthy dungeons, deprived of their liberty
by the direct order of these officers standing thus
high in authority, shielded by their position and
power from similar arrests. If the sentiment ut-
tered by them in Anril, 1861, was true, then it is
true to-day, and will be to-morrow; and if thou-
sands in the country have believed it to be true,
and have acted upon it as a truth, then they ought
not to be held responsible by these officers for en-
tertaining the opinion which they themselves in-
culcated, unless thcyfiist submit themselves to
voluntary imprisonment for the commission of the
crime, if it be a crime, to hold such sentiments.
Some believe
That humor?! with fortune's manners change with climes ;
Tenets with books, and principles with times."
To this class of moralists they may belong;-and
if so, they should announce any change of prin-
ciples which may occur, and at least give time
enough to the people to read the announcement
before they punish them for adhering to original
opinions expressed.
Hut, for the sake of argument, admitting that
Mr. Seward and the President were in error in en-
tertaining the opinion that the seceded States could
not be reduced to subjection by conquest by the
Government; yet under the imbecility, to use the
mildest term, which has marked the War Depart-
ment, the country cannot hope for a successful
issue. The army of the Potomac had at its head,
in the person of Genera! McClcliart, a soldier and
a general competent to command; and yet he was
superseded in that command by an incompetent
officer in the person ofGcncral Burnside. The life
of the soldier in an army is held in the hand of
the officer; and in the appointment of officers the
appointing power should be hold to a strict ac-
countability in proportion to the fearfulncss of the
responsibility. For in a matterof this importance,
the placing of the lives of thousands of men in the
hands of an officer, knowledge is a duty and igno-
rance is a crime.
I have not made the charge of incompetency
upon Geneial Burnside wantonly, for I believe
him to be a brave soldier within his sphere; and
I am sure that neither he nor his friends can take
offense at it, for I have made the statement upon
the authority of General Burnside himself, as will
be seen by reference to the following extract from
his testimony, taken before the war investigating
committee after the battle of Fredericksburg:
" Aftei getting ovei my surprise, I told General <J3 licking-
hnm that u was a matter that required very serious thoughts
that f did not want the command, that it bad been offered
to nie twice before,and that I did not feel I could take it.
1 eoun-eled with two of my j>fufF officers in regard to it
for, [ should think, an hour and a hall. Thevuigcd upon
me that 1 had no right as a soldier to dis-obey the older, and
that I had already expiessed to the Governmental)' unwill-
iniTuev^ to take the command, i told ihem what iriv views
v.oio wuh inference to my ability to evnei-e <?uch a com-
mand. which views weie those winch 1 had always unrc-
seivcdh exptc-s-ed—that I was not competent to command
such <i laige aimv as t'u.- I had said the j-atne over and
o\ ei again to the Pie.-ident and the Secretary of War ; ami
also, that if matters could be bdtistaetonly arranged with
Geneial MeClolian, I thought he could command the army
of tho Potomac bettei than any other general in it; but
they had -studied the subject more than [ had, and knew
more about their obligations to Geneial McCIelian than 1
did. Tle'ie had be. n some conversation with regaid to the
removal ot General McCIelian, when he was? biingiiigaway
his army liom before Richmond. The fits' of these con-
versations with the PrcMdent and tfeerewrv of War oc-
cum d at that time, and then, after Geneial McCIelian got
back to Washington, and before the commencement of the
Man land campaign, there was another convocation of the
i-.ime kind; and oil both of those occasions.. I expressed to
the President the opinion that f did not think there was
any one could do as much with that annj as General Mc-
CIelian could, it mailers could he so airanged as to remove
their objection* to hmi. After I had conversed with my staff
