1£G3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This proclamation, made in contravention of the
Constitution, proposes to destroy $4,000,000,000
worth of property, and turn the slaves loose to
commit every crime known in the calendar of
crime. Not only so, but its effect will be to de-
stroy the production of cotton for years to come
in the southern States; thus not only deranging
the entire labor system of this country, but send-
ing a shock through the manufacturing popula-
tions of Europe from which they cannot recover.
If it brings, as- m my judgment it will, further
complications upon us, let the feaiful responsi-
bility of it fall upon the President and those who
have been hounding him on to this course.
If this, sir, were the only blow which had hern
struck, fatal as its tendency is, the ship of State
might miraculously survive it; but, sir, the dear-
est rights of the citizens have been invaded. They
have been ruthlessly torn from the bosom of their
families and homes; transported, without legal
authority, from their respective localities, even
beyond the jurisdiction of their States, where they
have been confined in the most loathsome dun-
geons; and, when thus confined, wife, child,
father, and mother have been denied the poor priv-
ilege of personal interview. If there is one right
of the citizen more carefully guarded than an-
other, it is this right of the fullest enjoyment of
his personal liberty. It is the chief bulwark of
the Constitution—the comer-stone of the edifice,
without which it must fall. The denial of this
right by the British crown nerved the arms ofour
fathers to strike for their freedom and iheii inde-
pendence. No free Government can stand, either
jn fact or in the affections of the people, where
this essential and fundamental right of personal
security is tiampled m the dust, spit upon, and
despised, as it has been for some time past. Our
Government was established to secure the rights
of person and propeity, and whenever it fails to
protect either, and its power is used to deprive
the citizen of his liberty and destroy his property,
then every link of affection which binds him to it
is broken, and deep-rooted hate takes its place.
In many sections of the countiy there is not the
slightest shadow of protection afforded to either.
In my own State, hundreds of its citizens have
been arrested, taken out of the State, driven away
by militaiy force, under decrees of banishment
made by some post or station commander. Com-
munities throughout the whole State have been
assessed by military authority to the amount of
thousands, I may say, sir, millions of dollars. A
single assessment of this character was made upon
the city and county of St. Louis, amounting to
over half a million dollars. Other counties have
had like assessments levied, varying in amount
from ten to eighty thousand dollars.
A j r. WICKLIFFR. I f the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to say that I saw published in the
newspapers of Missouri, pending the recent elec-
tion, a hand bill purporting to have been issued
by one of these miserable provost marshals or
commissioners of assessment or some such per-
son, stating that the people of that distiict, if they
wanted to avoid being assessed under his powers,
to pay for damages said to have been committed
by secessionists, had better go to the polls and
vote for the nominees of the military authorities.
Was that a forgery, or is it a fact that such a paper
was issued ?
M r. NO RTON. 111 ave n o personal kn o w 1 ed ge :
upon the subject-matter of the inquiry made by ;
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Al v. HALL. The circumstance oceuired in my
divsti iet.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Give us the facts then.
Mr. HALL. I am told that the same thing oc-
curred in other parts of the State. I only speak
of my own district. Here is a circular that was
issued m one comity in my district, and I am ad-
vised that a similar course was pursue m other
counties:
CFNER.U, Mlruitj/S OIU>KRS.
Vol erf. iuail! le.vl!! l cad :!!
v2/' tind syiitpalh'zn s It Lc vsses^Cu !
Tii'1 -ub-conu'istlmj nf n^yf-meit! for Mai mn county lift5-'
he;"i aupoimed by Gom'tal .MciriU. and the wuk of h'.vy-
jxitr and (.ol'cctuiir wdl mnnediiiteh couunciK-e.
JMUji'-j wliu-e alty lui= been in the kt&t smpcdc-l hcre-
Tufiitf will now Aiid it veiy dillirtilr lo (srapp
iml"-- til' y can -how a iceonl unquestionably and udcqu'.r-
ccu'ly /.,/• the Goto Anient, \rstaming it m +rjLL Us mcas-
urc> 'fot putting dov a therebeUion. To vojo ibi men oppo^d
t>> the policy of the Government U a dHoyal act. Eveiy
such voter places hiwc'f on the disloyal hit. and Iccomcs a
jtroper subject for taxation^ under the foilowingiules. You.
thou, who would escape taxation, must vote right on Tues-
day ! A word to the wise is sufficient.
Then follow the orders of assessment.
Mr. NORTON. I would inquire of my col-
league if that was circulated in his district?
Mr. HALL. It was circulated in Marion
county. I am also advised, and I have evidence
of the fact, of which there is no doubt, that men
were arrested on votingfor me, on the ground that,
I suppose, that I was opposed to the President's
proclamation. No other charge of disloyalty has
ever been made against mo in that district that I
am aware of.
Mr. NORTON. And yet that election has been
claimed upon this floor by one of my colleagues,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Noeli.,] as expressing
the voice of the people of the State of Missouri!
The election was held according to that notice,
under the threat of the bayonet, and the proud,
independent voter, who walked up to the polls
like a man to cast his ballot like a man, was told
that his property would be seized and confiscated,
and not only would his property be confiscated,
but the voter himself would be made the subject
of an illegal and arbitrary arrest; and yet upon
this floor that election has been said to speak the
voice of the people of the State of Missouri by
a gentleman who received m his congressional
district twenty-seven hundred and odd votes in
twenty-two counties!
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a moment, to make an in-
quiry of his colleague, [Mr. IIall.]
Mr. NORTON. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I merely wish
to know by whose authority the paperhe has just
read was issued?
Mr. NORTON. That is a very legitimate in-
quiry.
; Mr. HALL. I can only state that it is the
paper which was issued.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. By whom?
Mr. HALL. I do not by whom. I know that
it was issued, and genoially circulated.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. Who is it
signed by ?
Mr. HALL. It is a copy of the order issued
for assessment in that as well as other counties.
Mr. BINGHAM. By whom was the order
issued J
Mr. IIALL. I do not know.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, that is the point. I
would like to know by whom those orders were
issued.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would inquire of the
gentleman who has produced thatpaper, whether,
within his personal knowledge, that menace has
ever been executed upon anybody?
Mr. 1JALL. Well, sir, I cannot tell you that.
Tiiis county is remote from me, and I have not
been in it since the election. I am advised, how-
ever- 
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not wish to go into mere
hearsay.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let him answer your
question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I want the gentleman's
obseivrtum m his own \icnuty.
Mr. IIALL. I shall have to make some ex-
planation of this assessment system. A commit-
tee of some three individuals is usually appointed
in each county to make an assessment. They fix
the sum to be assessed, and they fix upon the per-
sons upon whom the assessment shall bo mad^.
It is a mere matter of arbitrary discretion on their
pas t. Why they assess a man is known only to
tlirmsehes. The motives of the assessment are
kept to themselves. The paper that I have read
was generally circulated, asl am inform* d. I find
no Signature to it. It is published as the order of
the geneial commanding that military distnet, nnd
it declares that it is issued by the committee of as-
sessment; and they have r.evci disclaimed issuing
it that I haw ever heard of.
Mr. NORTON. 1 was proceeding to say that
this is a novel mode 
Mr. IIALL. If the inquiry is by what author-
ity this assessment oider was issued, I will say
that it is the usual ord^r of assessment, and i>>
signed by the adjutant geneial of the distinct.
There is no question about these ordeis of asst ss-
ment having been issued. I thought the question
was whether this threat was authorized by the
general commanding the district. I am satisfied
it was not authorized by the general. The order
is incorporated here; and it is an order issued by
the general commanding that district, that disloyal
men should be assessed upon. The committee
appointed to make the assessment appear to have
issued this paper.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal to the gentleman to
permit me to ask him one question more. It is
simply this: it is said that these orders were is-
sued by the general commanding the district. I
wish to ask him whether it was a general appointed
by the Federal Government or by the local State
government?
Mr. HALL. He was acting under Federal
authority.
Mr. GOOCII. Prom whom does he hold liis
commission ?
Mr. IIALL. He is a colonel of Missouri vol-
unteers, acting under Federal authority. He has
the commission,also, of brigadier, under the State
authority. But these assessments arc made by
virtue of his Federal authority as the commanding
general ot the district. The Governor of the State,
as commander-in-chief of the State militia, asl
understand, has protested against this system of
assessment, and solicited the President to direct
the commanding general of the district to suspend
all proceedings under this system of assessment.
And not only has the Governor applied to the
President to revoke this authority, but a large ma-
jority of the delegation of the State here m Con-
giess have applied to the President also, for the
same purpose. I repeat that this assessment was
done under the authority of the Federal officers
in Missouri, and not under the authority of State
officers.
Mr. GOOCH. Let me ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether, as soon as the attention of the
President was brought to the order, he did not
direct it to be revoked?
Mr. HALL. No, sir; it is still in force—cer-
tainly in the district in which I live. I have made
several applications to the President to have this
order discontinued in that portion of the State
now in a condition of entire peace, because the
civil authority can be enforced there as well as in
any other State in the Union. Yet this system
is being executed in that section, notwithstanding
the fact that, so far as I know, not a Federal sol-
dier is stationed there, nor is there any necessity
foi any such soldier.
Mr. NORTON. 1 will do the President the
justice to say that he has, as I understand, or-
dered that tins assessment, so far as the city and
county of St. Louis are concerned, shall be dis-
continued, or that all proceedings under it shall
be suspended there.
Mr. GOOCII. That is the answer I expected
to hear.
Mr. HALL. The order of the President, how-
ever, discontinuing these proceedings,applied only
to the city and county of St. Louis, leaving the
system in full force in all other parts of the State.
The revocation applied only to St. Louis.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 desire to know of the
gentleman from Missouri by whose order assess-
mentswere first directed to be made in St.Louis?
Mr. 1IALL. My understanding is that they*
were first made by General Scholield, and have
since been carricd out by General Curtis. That
order, however, is not now in force in St. Louis,
having been discontinued by order of the Presi-
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will permit me to ask him one question further:
whether he does not know that those orders of
assessment were originally made by the Governor
of Missouri—by Governor Gamble?
Mr. HALL. At onetime I supposed they were,
though now I understand that (Srovernor Gamble
disclaims them. Howeu;i that may be, at the
time they were originally issued the State was in
a condition of war. You could not enforce there
by civil process the penalty imposed by any legal
tribnn.il. N« w, however, the State of Missouri
has been effectually restored to the Union, and is
everywhere in a state of peace, except, perhaps,
in o few counties on her southern border, and we
have appealed, and, as I understand,Governor
Gjmbie has appealed, to the President to allow
the civil tribunals to execute the law, there being
no longer any necessity for military interference
m this rcspcct.
