. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. C.: v;
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1863.
New Series.."..'.No. 7G.
ho showed me the Congressional Globe some two
or three days after the passage of the bill to the
vote on which he called my attention, and I told
him that my vote being recorded in the negative
was a mistake. I have not deemed that an occa-
sion had arisen prior to this time to say it to the
Senate and the country, i do not know but that
such a vote may have been given in the luury of
business; but it was not my intention so to vote.
It is my purpose now and hereafter to vote to
pay, to feed, and to clothe our Army. That is
my purpose. I thought I had done so the other
evening on the passage of the bill to which the
Senator referred. It is immaterial now how it is
recorded. My intention and purpose was to vote
for it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I alluded to that vote
partly expecting that the Senator from Illinois
would make the statement which he has made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was not in, the Sen-
ator will pardon me for saying, when the Senator
mentioned it by name; otherwise I should have
made the explanation immediately. I heard from
a friend a few moments ago that the Senator had
alluded to it, and I sought this opportunity to make
this explanation.
Mr. WILKINSON. I did call the Senator's
attention to that vote and showed him the Con-
gressional Globe, and he said to me, as he states
now, that it was a mistake, and 1 expected that if
he heard what I said he would make the declara-
tion which he has just made, and I am very glad
that he has made it. I did not believe that the Sen-
ator wished to be classed with the other tin ce
Senators who voted against that bill; but that vote
is perfectly consistent with every one which the
Senator from Kentucky has given since this re-
bellion broke out, and he now appeals to be the
champion of this new Democratic organization
who here vote against supplying our soldiers from
Minnesota who aie in the State of Kentucky de-
fending their people. lie comes in here and com-
plains that a Democratic con vention in Kentucky
is denounced as treasonable, which charges the
President, in having taken supplies to feed that
army, with violating the Constitution, and with
having violated every principle of right and jus-
tice in so doing; because the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts denounced that con vention as a treason-
able convention. The Senator from Kentucky
comes here as the champion of that body, and he
refuses to feed oursoldiers there; he charges upon
the President (hat he is guilty of a great wrong
because he takes Kentucky hay to feed the horses
that are engaged in the Army, and takes provis-
ions to feed the weary and hungry soldiers m that
State. lie is representing this peace convention
which General Rosecrans denounced as a treason-
able concern. I agree with the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts when he denounced it as treasonable.
It meant treason. It meant opposition to the Gov-
ernment. It meant to pursue that course which
would compel this Government, if that conven-
tion could have its way, to withdi aw the soidieis
from the field and leave rebellion triumphant m
Kentucky. That was what it meant; it meant
nothing else; and why? I am told, although I
do not know anything about it, that that conven-
tion put up the Senator from Kentucky as their
candidate for Go\ernor. If it is not so, he or his
friends can deny it. I do not know whether it is
bo or not, but I am told thai it is so. They wished
to have him as their candidate for Governor.
Mr. President, there are but two parties in this
country during this rebellion. Those who are not
for this Government are against it; and it is just
as true now as it was piglueen hundred years a^o,
that l5he who is not for me is against me," The
lines are clearly drawn; and it is treason or pa-
triotism, and nothing else. There is no half way
measure.
Mr. KENNEDY. May I ask my honorable
fiipnd a question? A rerrmi k fell from his hps just
now that I did not exactly comprehend. He said
that those who were not for this Government were
against it.
*Mr. WILKINSON. Thatiswhat I mean, sir.
76
Mr. KENNEDY. That particular point I must
beg to take issue upon, because I do not know
of any such two parties. There may be two in
the country, one for the Administration and one
against the Administration. If the Senator means
to say that those who are against the Administra-
tion are against the Government, I must take issue
with him; but I beg to be included, so far as I am
concerned, with those who are opposed to the
Administration.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ran define very clearly
what I mean, or 1 will endeavor to do it.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will correct one misapprehension under which
he labors. He says that the convention nomin-
ated me as their candidate for Governor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know that they
formally nominated the Senator, but indicated him
as their candidate, i understand.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir, they indicated no-
body. The convention met, and as soon as it
organized, and before the list of delegates was
called, the soldiers were m upon them; and I will
say to the Senator, that if thev had made a nom-
ination,! ha\e no idea in the world that I should
have been the nominee.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then my informant was
mistaken about it.
Mr. POWELL. Yourinformant is profoundly
ignorant of what occurred. They made no nomin-
ation at ail.
Mr. WILKINSON. I stated that there were
two parties in this country, one for the Govern-
ment and one against it. Now, I do not exactly
agree with what is said by some gentlemen on
this floor, that the Democratic party are against
the Government. I believe (here are many Dem-
ocrats in this country jus! as true and loyal as any
men in it. I believe General Rosecrans is just as
loyal as any man in this count! y, and he isa Dem-
ocrat; 1 bei.eve. ihere aiemany otherpersons who
perhaps would di sag tee with the Ad ministration on
a great many minor questions, who are loyal to the
Government; but 1 do not believe that any set of
men who are employing all their powers, all then-
energies, all their talents to find fault with the
Administration, and who never indorse anything
they do, are for then Government. I believe that
a Democrat who is a true and loyal man will stand
by this Administration m its efforts to put down
this rebellion; and those who do not do it are op-
posed, in my humble judgment, to (he triumph
of the Government forces in their efforts to save
the country. That is what I believe. 1 do not
confine my remark that'there arc two parties here,
one for the Government anil the other against if,
to the Republican and Democratic parties by any
means, though it is true that no Republican is a
traitor, and it is also true thatagreat many Dem-
ocrats arc traitors. Il is true that some of the
most loyal men we have in this country are Dem-
ocrats. That I have always ad mil ted and always
will admit,and I expect < very Republican will ad-
mit it. Every Senator who has sat heie and voted
for the confirmation of geneiais sent, to us by the
President, knows that no question has ever been
raised as to the confirmation of a geneial to lead
our forces on the battle-field, whether he was a
Democtaf, and I ventuie to say to-day that we
have a huge majority of our generals who were
of the D< mocratic party originally. I have voted
with pleasurealwaysto confirm those men who am
in favor of putting "down this rebellion by foice.
Now, it does not do, Mr. President, for Sena-
tors to get up here and say they are for the Union,
and yet vote against every measure which is pro-
posed to maintain the Union. It does not do for
the Senator from Virginia nearest me [Mr Car-
lile] to say that he wishes to maintain Litis Union,
and yet to vote against every proposition to sup-
port it.
Mr. CARLILE. JUr. President, I desire to in-
terrupt the Senator, i do it with a good deal of
reluctance. The Senator makes his assertion too
bioad when he says th.it I vote against every
measure to support the Government. As to the
vote the other day to which he refers, 1 gave
it, and I gave it understanding!}", and' am ^fl-
ing to stand by it, and whenever the proper time
arrives I am willing to defend it. But, sir, it" hf
the only instance the Senator can find in the legis-
lation of this Congress where I have ever voted
against any supply bill. But I will take theiib-
erty of saying to the Senator that if I had v,ot«o4
against other supply bills, the conclusion which
he seems to draw would not be warranted by the
fact. It does not follow, because I am in favor
of supplies, because I am in favor of money and
of men to prosecute this war, that the Senator can;
fix up a bill, and say, "take that and nothing
else," and I must vote for it, and if I do not vote
for it, therefore I am opposed to supplies. The
Senator draws his conclusions rather broadly. I
do not wish to prolongthiscontroversy atall, nor
do I wish to detain the Semite; but if it be neces-
sary, and'the Senate will hear me, I am perfectly
free now, or at any other time, to explain and just-
ify before the country, and the loyal people of it,
too, the vote to which he has referred.
One word further. The Senator has a perfect
right to form his own opinions. The Senator has
a perfect right to have his own judgment as to the
feelings of others. It is too late in the day forme
to enter upon any defense of my devotion to the
Union. What I have done for uhas passed into
history; and if that is not a sufficient evidence that
1 am as devoted to the Union as the Senator or
any other man, there is nothing that I could say
that would add strength to it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think thatsofaras my
observation goes, a slight change has come over
the Senator since he was in the Virginia conven-
tion. I judge it from his general course here in
this body.
Mr. CARLILE. One word more, if the Sena-
tor will allow me, and I will not interrupt him
further. 1 dislike these personal controversies as
much as anybody. I f the Senator will remember,
last December a year ago, for the first time, it was
pro<l,limed upon this floor that the preservation
of this Union and the maintenance of the Consti-
tution did not furnish sufficient enthusiasm—that
was the word that was used—to obtain men enough
to fight our battles. I took occasion then to take
issue, in the Virginia convention, here, else-
where, everywhere, from my boyhood, I have be-
lieved in the rights of -the States. I have uniformly
and consistently opposed the. unwarranted exer-
cise of power on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment to interfere with the institutions of the States.
The Senator and I have differed too in relation to
one of those institutions, as we have a right to
differ, and I do not quarrel with him because of
his opinion. I never engaged to prosecute this
war for the destruction of the institution of slavery,
or of any other institution, in any of the States of
this Union. I entered upon it, and I cast my iot
and my fortune with the Union, in order that the
constitutional Union formed by the fathers
should he maintained. To restore it, I intend to
labor ns long as my labor will be of any service.
That is the Union that I am for.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 am very glad to hear
that the Senator fiom Virginia is determined to
maintain this Union, that he is icncwing his faith
to-night. {had thought that since he went down to
Indianapolis and made a speech there thatlooked
rather shaky and a little treasonable he was drop-
ping off, but he seems to be renewing his fajtb to-
il ght; but after t«]I I am compelled to say that the
Senator from Viiginia is not altogetherUear as to
his present position. I understand the Senator to
say that he is for the constitutional Union of the
fatheis, and that he shall labor to restore sueh a
Union as that. But, sir, I am at a loss to under-
stand what the Senator means by the constitu-
tional Union of the fathers, for, if I understood
him, he said that in the Virginia convention and
everywhere else he had maintained, and from his
boyhood he has believed in, the rights of the
States, and that he has uniformly opposed the un-
warranted exercise of power on the part of the
Federal Government.
Now, sir, I do not understand what the Sena-
