1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tor means by this. I suppose this is precisely
what the most rabid traitor of the South would
say. Every man in the rebel army is in favor of
the rightsof the States, and against the exercise
of power on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator now allow :
me to ksk what part of that speech he objccts to?
I think I have the speech here, and I-should be
very much gratified and highly honored, if it be-
comes a matter of interest to the Senate, that it be
read, ernd if there is anything treasonable in it I
am willing to take the consequences. I stand by
that speech to-day, always have btood upon that
platform, and expect to remain there.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have never seen the full
speech as reported. I have only seeiv extracts
from it that were published in the Indianapolis
papers, and have it not with me now. Indeed, I
have not looked at it for a long time. 1 remem-
ber, however, that it shook my faith a good ileal
in the real loyalty of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator will allow me,
let me tell him what was the principal object of
that speech, and what is contained in that speech.
I went to Indianapolis for the purpose of aiding
the present Executive in resisting this pressure
which he said somebody was bringing to bear on
him—I will not say the Senator from Minnesota—
to enable him to give this war a direction which,
as a matter of course, his desire to be enabled to
resist it implied that he did not wish to give it. It
was for that purpose, to call on the good people of
that gallant State of all parties to aid the Presi-
dent m the resistance of this abolition pressure,
and nobly did the people of Indiana respond to
that call. But the President, in his eager hn«tc to
demonstrate the truthfulness of his prophecy that
the Union could not exist composed of States
slaveholding and non-slaveholding,swiftly rushed
upon the policy which he said in his border State
address was being pressed upon him, and disaster
has followed our arms from that day to this. It
would seem as if the pressure complained of in
that address was not as distasteful to him as I had,
in my anxiety to delude myself, fondly honed.
Mr. WILKINSON. Well, Mr. President, in
this, as in most other arguments of the Senator,
he is much more fluent than consistent. In the
first place, he says that the object of his Indian-
apolis speech was to aid the President to relieve
himself from the abolition pressure that was being
made upon him; that the President wanted to be
relieved from this influence; and the Senator in-
forms us that the peopleof Indiana responded no-
bly; and yet he says that the Prenident was so
eager to deinotmtiate his favorite theory that ho
did not heed the voice of the people of Indiana.
Well, Mr. President, it seems to me a little
curious that a Senator of the United States, living
at Wheeling, Virginia, should leave hid home on
the Ohio, and trawl West in order to exert an in-
fluence upon the President in the policy which he
was to adopt.
Mr. CARLILE. 3 did not say if was to induce
the President: > take that course. He induced me
to believe that he wanted to take it himself, ph I
understand his addiess to the border State rep re*
esntatives as an appeal to them.
Mr. WILKINSON. It would bo more consist-
ent with the high office the Senator held, if he had
taken the railroad and come East and labored with
the President, rather than to have gone to Indian-
apolis.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 must interrupt the Sena-
tor again, and say that he entirely misapprehends
. what 1 said. It was not to induce the President
to take such a cuurue. I was not so ]irt sumptuous
as to suppose that I could induce the Executive
of this great nation to take a couise he did not
desire to take; but the Executive of this country
had called several gentlemen around him, and he
had alluded to a pressure winch had been brought
to bear on him—I may as well say by the aboli-
tionists; i do not say that he used that word; but
a pressure in a certain direction—to induce him
to do that which I inferred from his conveisation
and addre&a he did not want to do. i made that
speech not to induce the Piesiuent to take any
couise, but to bring the entire people of Indiana,
as well as of other sections of the country, if I
could do it, up to the aid of the President, so as
to enable him to resist this pressure, in the hope
that the wm- he wap.ed for the purposes and
in the spirit Congress in July, 1861, solemnly de-
clared it should be waged.
Mr. WILKINSON. That is pretty good, Mr.
President. [Laughter.] All I have to say to the
Senator from Virginia is that he got on the wrong
chute, and he has been pursuing it ever since.
IVlr. LATHAM. May I beg permission of the
Senator from Minnesota to say that the title of the
bill pending before the body is ** An act to provide
for the discflarge of State prisoners and others,
and to authorize the judges of,the United States
courts to take bail or recognizances to secure the
trial of the same?" Now, during this discussion,
whic.h has lasted two days, we have had the con-
scription bill discussed; the bank bill; theChieago
platform; the Missouri guerrillas; the Kentucky,
Connecticut, and Now Jersey conventions and res-
olutions: the doctrine of secession; Richardson's
visit to New Hampshire; arbitrary arrests; the
Chicago Times; Kentucky forage; the Cincinnati
Enquirer; Carhle's speech at Indianapolis; Dem-
ocrats generally, and Horace Greeley in particu-
lar. [Laughter.] I do trust the Senate will come
back to the bill, and let us finish it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, there is
one part of the discussion which the Senator from
California did not mention, and that is the com-
ing elections in Connecticut and Ne.w Hampshire.
He might as well have put that in, and be done
with it. We know, and the Senator from Cali-
fornia knows, that the Senators on the other side
who have been discussing this proposition have
been making speeches to control the popular mind
of this countiy; and he knows, and they know,
thatthey have notbeen talkingaboutthis bill, and
they do not care a fig about it, aside from the in-
fluence which then* inflammatory speeches make.
They want to prejudice the people of this coun-
try against the President of the United States, and
against the present Administration, to the end that
he may be poweiless in putting down this rebel-
lion, and that is just what 1 am talking about. I
want the people of this country to know who
these men are that array themselves against the
Government. I want them to know the motives
that move them to this discussion, i want them
to understand that the men who are denouncing
the President of the United States, and all the
actions of the Government, are those who never
open their lips in favor of putting down this re-
bellion, and who never give votes to put it down.
That is what I want the people to understand,
and that is the reason I got up to speak.
With regard to this bill, 1 do not think very
much of the bill which the Senator from Illinois
has introduced. I do not believe it is half strong
enough. I believe it ought to have more power
in it than the bill possesses. Where political ar-
rests are made for offenses which are not, perhaps,
punishable under the laws of the land, but which
tend to defeat the Government, I do not believe
in turning those men' over to the courts to be tried,
because 1 think it will amount to nothing. I think
that the stiong arm of tins Government ought to
lay hold of every man who, m an hour like this, is
arraying himself diiectly or indnectly against the
Government in its ciVorts to putdown this rebel-
lion.
Now, Mr. President, I have but a few words
more to say. 1 did not intend to speak so long as
I have done, and 1 should not have done so if 1
had not been interrupted. I am for maintaining
the soldiers that have buen raised to fight the bat-
tles of their country. I intend to stand by those
soldiers as lung as this war lasts; and I intend, if
[ have any influence or any power, to put down
evei y man who :u lays himself against them, either
by piejudicmg the popular mind against jhe Ad-
ji ministration or ihe Govei nment, or by any other
;j means which are employed for that purpose.
And now, sir, as it is very late, I will not de-
tain the Senate any longer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is Oil the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Carlilk] to the amendment moved by
the Senator ftom Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 desire to know whatis the
question befoie the Senate on which we are about
to vote. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
just stated that it is on the amendmentof the Sen*
ator from Virginia to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to say one word on
this amendment, and I trust I shall not wander
far out of the proper range of the subject in what
I have to say. I understand this amendment to
be offered as a substitute for the whole bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois offered a substitute for the whole bill;
and the Senator from Virginia moves an amend-
ment to that substitute, in itself in the form of a.
substitute.
Mr. HOWARD. So I understand. I wish to
call the attention of the Senator from Virginia to
the legal effect of his amendment. It strikes me
with a degree of surprise. Although it has been
lauded by himself and by the Senator from Ken-
tucky as being a*very proper bill at this period,
I cannot make up my mind that it is really of any
value. The first section provides—
That from and after the passage of thte act, and during
the present rebellion, it shall not be lawful for any officer or
servant of the United States—
This language plainly includes all the military
persons now in the Army and in the Navy, offi-
cers as well as privates—
to arrest or detain any citizen of the United States.
This includes the whole population of the Uni-
ted States, under the Constitution, both in the
loyal States and in the rebel States, who are na-
tive born or who have been naturalized.
It shall not be lawful for any officer or servant of the
CJmtcd States to ariestor detain any citizen of the United
States who may he supposed oralleged to be disloval there-
to, or for any other cause, except upon oath or affirmation
of some person or pcisons well known to be loyal to the
United States, and paiticularly describing in said oath or
affirmation the act of disloyalty or oilier cause tor which
said citizen should be arrested and detained.
This section forbids in terms either the arrest
or detention by any officer of the United States
or any servant or-agent of the United States, of
any citizen of the United States, who is supposed
or alleged to be disloyal to the United States,
without a formal affidavit charging him with an
offense. The second section provides—
That any and every officer or servant of fhe United States
who shall arrest or detam any citizenof the United States
in contravention of the piovisions of the first section of
this act, shall on conviction thereof in any court having
jurisdiction of the case, suffer a fine of not less than $10,000,
or imprisonment for a term of not less than five years.
Just carry it out into its practical operations
according to its plain terms and provisions, and
what will be the result? If General Rosecrans
should, after the passage of this bill, capture part
of the rebel army with arms in their hands, and
should assume to detain them after their capture
upon the field of battle, for any period of time
against their will, even as prisoners of war, with-
out a formal complaint upon oath, the general
would simply make himself liable to be proceeded
against in a court of justice and fined in the modest
sum of §10,000, and imprisoned for the term of
five years.
And this the learned Senator from Virginia calls
supporting the Constitution of the United States!
This is his mode of putting down the rebellion,
and tins is also the mode which the Senator from
Kentucky seems to have at heart. I will not im-
pute to the Senator from Virginia rinr to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky a design to trifle with the time
of the Senate by asking them to enact provisions
so totally absurd-in themselves; so totally at war
with all the duties of Congress; so totally uncon-
stitutional; for if this should become a statute it
would at once be the duty of every officer in the
Army and m the Navy to abstain absolutely from
all efforts to carry on the war.
I put an extreme illustration to be sure, Mr.
President; but I do it for the purpose of making;
the provisions of the amendment more glaring in
their absurdity than perhaps the Senators them-
selves foresaw. It certainly would include all
cases of disloyal persons who should enter even
the lines of the Army, and be found there as spies,
practicing their spycraft upon Union forces. It
would punish every person who, without a forma!
complaint, should even assume to arrest and detain
a spy. Certainly the Senator from Virginia does
not contemplate any such absurdity as this; cer-
tainly the Senator from Kentucky, with all his
hostility to the prosecution of the war, will not
consent, to the enactment of a law which visits with
fine and imprisonment our brave officers and sol-
diers who, meeting the rebels on the field of battle,
capture, disarm them,and hold them as prisoners.
And yet such plainly would be the effect of the
