1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
my humble judgment, the Congress of the United
Siatos have'no authouty ilnder the Constitution
to clothe the President of the United States with
this power. I contended, when I addressed the
Senate before, that the power to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus was in Congiess, and not in the
Executive. I maintain that still. „
But this bill is liable to two objections upon
constitutional ground. It does not attempt to sus-
pend the privilege of the writ of habeas coiyus by
Congress itself, but it proposes to delegate that
power to the President of the United Slates; rind
it also proposes to suspend that privilege in all
those States unaffected by the rebellion. Now,
sir, there is no principle more clearly settled in
law—and if this be not law, then I confess that
twenty years of what I consider somewhat dili-
gent study of its principles has availed me but lit-
tle—no principle is more clearly settled than that
a legislative power cannot be delegated. I know
that what is supposed to be an authority has been
cited from 14 Howard, the case of Luther us.
Botden, to support the view taken un the other
side, that the Congress of the United States can
clothe the President with this power. The case is
like many others which I have seen cited in court
to establish a principle—it has no more to do with
it than it has with the man in the moon.
The question here is, when the Constitution
says that " the piivilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus shall not be suspended unless when, in cases
of rebellion or invasion, the public safety may re-
quire it," whether that power can be confoi red by
Congress upon the President. The very bill sup-
poses on its face that the power is in Congress,
and not in the President. The ease of Luther vs.
Borden, in 14 Howard, is cited to show that this
legislative power may be delegated. Why* sir,
what was the ease of Luther us. I>orden ? Let us
sec whether it has any relevancy whatever to the
matter in controversy. Up to Rhode Island
had lived under a charter government—a charter
derived from the King of Gieat Butaiu, and she
nevei had a constitution of her own other than
thatohaiter. Jn that year what was called the
Dorr rebellion bioke out, and the fiiemls of Dorr
attempted to abolish the existing government in
the Slate of Rhode Island, and to establish another
one in its stead. The Legislature of Rhode Island
declared martial law, there being no icstuction in
their charter against their power to do so. The
Federal Government recognized the charter gov-
ernment as the true and rightful government of
Rhode Island. The Suptenm Coutt of the United
States, recognizing the light of the Federal Gov-
ernment to decide this political question, decided
that the Legislating had the power to establish
martial law in Rhode Island. Martial law being
thus established, persons acting under the author-
ity of the chai ter government broke open the house
of a citizen of Massachusetts, who was doing busi-
ness in Rhode Island, and arrested him or mjuted
his propel ty. J {.e instituted a ej vil suit against the
persons so doin^, and they plead ihe existence of
the lebellion, the declaration of martial law by the
Legislature, and that in doing this act they only
used leasonable force. These were the issues be-
fore the court. What was the decision of the
court? That the local courts having decided that
the Legislature might declare martial law, the Su-
preme Coui t would follow their decision on a ques-
tion relating to local law, and that the Government
of the United States having i ecognized the charter
government as the due govei nment, the courts of
the United States m their decisions upon the ques-
tions arising upon it would be governed by the
decision of the Fedcud Government, and be con-
trolled by it in refewnee to that question, it being
on<? purely political and not judicial. The Presi-
dent used the military force of the country in
oui"f to suppress that lebellion, and the com t
derided that he had authority so to do; and it is
ttigued that that case decides that Congress can
delegate to the President of the United States the
light to determine when the public, safety requues
the suspension of the piivilege of the wiit of ha-
beas corpus, and in that event to suspend if.
Now, h*t us see why that js not so. The de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States
was peifcetly correct. 1 agree wuh every wo d
of it. The Pu*j.ident assumed no power. Vmit-
evei power was exercised in that case by ' he Pres-
id  m was expressly given to him in confotmity
with the Constitution of the United Suites. What
are those provisions of the Constitution which
empowered the President to use the military foice
in assisting the charter government m Rhode Isl-
and in putting down Dorr's rebellion? Herethujr
are in two clauses. Section four of article four ot
the Constitution is in these words:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a lepubiiean form of government5'—
And mark you, the Federal Government had
determined that the charter government of Rhode
Island was the legal republican government uf
Rhode Island—
" and shall protect each of thwm against invasion, and, on
application of the Legislatmo, oi of the executive when
the Legislature cannot be convened, against domestic vio-
lence."
Here was a case where domestic violence had
broken out in the State of Rhode Island. Either
the executive or the Legislature of that State culled
upon the President of the United States to assist
by the military power of the country in epiieting,
subduing, putting down that violence or that re-
bellion. The President did so. Whydidhedo
so ? Because by the act of 1795 Congress had con-
ferred that power upon him,as the Supreme Court
of the United States decided in this case referred
to. Why had he the power in that particular case
to do so, and why has he not the power to deteim-
ine whether a case of rebellion or invasion exists
as contemplated in the section of the Constitution
which gives power to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus? Among the powers which
Congress may exercise is this:
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and piopor
for carrying into execution the tmcgoing povvei-, and all
other po\vei< voted by thi* Con^uumon in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any (k-pintment or officer
thereof." *
Muik you, sir, the fourth section of the fourth
article places this power ofsecuring to every Slate
it republican form of government, and of sup-
pressing domestic- violence, in the Government oj
(he United states, without saying in what depart-
ment of that Government tin: powei to suppiess
that violence was lodged. The power to suppress
it is in the Government of the United States, but
the depaitment which is to exeiciso the power is
not mentioned or designated in the Constitution,
The. Congiess of the United States in 1795, in strict
confoi mity with the section of the Constitution
which 1 have lead, passed the act giving power
to the President to call out the militia to suppress
insuiiection orinvaston or domestic violence. In
order to enable the Government of the United
States to execute the power vested m it by the
Constitution, in order to cairy out that piovision
of the Constitution, Congress clothed the Execu-
tive with the power, and determined that it should
be exercised through the Executive by calling out
the militia. Thus it will be seen, sir, the prin-
ciple involved in the Rhode island case is wholly
different fiom the one under discussion.
As has been ivmaiked by gentlemen who have
preceded me in this debate, ius remarkably strange
that dining our whole lustoiyas a people, the
j power of mis pen ding the writ of habeas corfius was
jj never claimed by the Ptesident until the present
]' time. The bill under consideration seems to aban-
don the ground originally assumed by the friends
of the President, that he has the power to suspend
the pi ivilege of the writ of habeas eoipus; for 1 can-
not see exactly the propiiety of the argument of
the Senator from Wisconsin, that a pei.sou who
believes that the pow,er is in the Piesident may
consistently vote for tins bill, and a person who
j believes the pnvvei is not in him may also vote
for it. This bill proposes to give the authority,
■ i and the persons who vote for it must believe the
power is in Congiess. Those who believe that
; the power to suspend is in Congress alone, must
1 say that, being a legislative power, it cannot be
delegated, but if exercised must be. exercised di~
' reclly by Congress, and not by another acting
,• under authority deiived from Congress. It re-
, quires the same authority and power to suspend
i as to enact a law. If the power to onaet a law
| cannot be delegated it nceessai ily follows that the
powei to suspend a law cannot be delegated.
Mr. Pu^ident, I have already noticed every-
thing that 1 proposed to do when I lose, and have
:1 stated my opinions more fully than 1 intended to
state ihem, 1 do not intend to enter at large into
/ the party discussion which has been piesented in
|i this debate; and yet, sir, before I sit down, in
i, answer to the charges which have been so bitterly
and falsely made, and made by so many persons,
not only in the course of this debate, but during
the present session of Congress, and which teem
in every journal that supports this Administra-
tion, that the Democratic party is responsible for
our troubles, that the Democrats are unfaithful
to their duty, that the Democrats are traitors, I
will say that those who were born Democrats and
rocked in the cradle of Democracy, and who look
back to the glorious histoiy of that paity in the
past, have no cause to be ashamed of its history
or ashamed of its record. The Democratic party
of this country taunted with being unfaithful to
its high mission! What has that party done that
it deserves the censures of this new-fledged party,
springing up but of yesterday, and upon whose
springing up blight and death came over the land ?
That good and great old Democratic party had
its origin in the early history of this country,
'I lacing it back, if you please, no further than the
tiiuinpliant election of Thomas Jefferson, an elec-
tion which drove from power the authors and sup-
porters of the infamous alien and sedition laws,
infamous, but not half so much so as the oppres-
sive and unconstitutional acts which disgrace the
legislation of this Congress, and which have been
supported only by those who seek to divert public
attention from their own disloyalty to the Consti-
tution by falsely accusing others of disloyalty uo
the country, it found you fifteen feeble States scat-
tered along the Atlantic coast. Dining your en-
tire existence, with very limited exceptions, up
to 1860, it shaped your policy, it gave fashion and
form to your institutions, and in the short space
of sixty years you increased from fifteen States
and some five million people to thirty-four States
and thirty million people, a progress never made
by any other nation or any other people m So
j limited a space of tune.
Sir, it took the national flag, which your party
piofess so much to honoi,and planted it upon
cvci y foot of tei i itoi y that has ever been acquired
by this country, for every foot of teintory that
has ever been added to the national domain has
been added by the Democratic party. It took your
banner and planted it upon the southei n gulf, and
Florida was annexed to your Union. It took your
banner before that tune, and planted it upon the
whole of the vast temtory of Louisiana, and she
became part of your donian It planted that ban-
nei upon the vngin soil of Texas, and she was
' annexed to the Federal Union. It took that same
banner, and going still westward, it added Cali-
fornia, Utah, and New Mexico to your domains.
And yet this paity of yesteiday, that has no rec-
ord but that of rum and death, presumes through
lis chosen chiefs U) arraign the Democratic pai ty,
with this proud leeord and this proud history,
with being disloyal to the Union, and with trying
to dismember that which Democrats themselves
built up and made great. By the policy of that
party you became an ocean-bound Republic. Two
might y oceans lave youi shores; and yet gen tie men
who belong to a party that has done nothing but
I to cause agitation and ruin,and before whose ex-
istence peace and quiet reigned from lake to gulf,
and from ocean to ocean, arraign this, the party
of the fathers of the country, with having brought
jj ruin and wretchedness upon theland. Never was
ji ehaige more foully conceived or falsely made,
l! But, Mr. President, the crowning glory of the
!' Democratic pauy is, that during its entire admin-
j{ istration of the Government the political and civil
h rights of the citizen weie never invaded, the con-
!: sututional lights of the States infracted, or the
j: domestic peu< e and happiness uf the country dis-
!' turbed. The pros* was tiee. Not one newspaper
j! was ever by its authority suppressed. No illegal
| arrests were made. No citizen was deprived of
i his liberty without due ntocess of law. No one
\ was ever denied the piivilege of the writ of habeas
; corpus, or refused a speedy and impartial trial ac-
'' coulmg to the law of the land. A bastile did not
: exist within oui entile domain. No national debt
oppressed our people. The Federal tax-gatherer
■■ was unknown to the present generation, and no
• ' citizen had ever been called upon to volunteer or
mid been drafted to fi?ht his brother. Peace was
within all our boi tiers, and plenteousness not only
' within our palaeesbul within our humblest dweil-
j' mgs. That party sought to and did preserve the
i] Union by peace and not by war. If differences
\\ arose they were amicably ad justed. Wisdom ruled
i! in council and moderation governed in action.
