1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By ambition the ongels fell, and through the po-
litical am bit ion of the loaders of what is now called
the Republican party, it was formed, and with its
formation wore sown the seeds of naiionai de-
struction, and in its tiiumpli thatdestruction was
consummated. It has no record but o( rum, no
history but of death. In two short years it has
severed the Union, destroyed the Constitution, [
reduced the citizen to the condition of a slave to |
executive tyranny. It has afflicted the people i
with a debt beyond their ability to pay, and con-
sciiptcd the entire fighting population to the ex-
ecutive will. It bids son to fight against father,
and father against son. It has filled every house
with mourning, every heait with anguish, and
every eye with tears. It is the party of ruin, upon
whose banners should be inscribed death.
Mr. President, there is enough cause of irrita-
tion in these times; there is sufficient to cause heart-
burnings deep enough and strong enough both in
this Chamber and out of it without unnecessa-
rily dragging into discussion upon this floor the
political party connections of its members. But,
sir, when that party to which every ancestor I
over had belonged; that party to which I have
belonged all my life, which I prefer to any other,
whose principles i have been Utight, in whose
faith I expect to live, and in whose faith 1 expect
(jjp—when that party is arraigned on the floor
of the Senate, I should be an unduiiful son of so
glorious a party and unworthy of the proud her-
itage which the fathers of that party have given
to this country, if I should be silent. Why, sir,
it governed the country fi om 1800 duiing a period
of more than half a century. It is true we had
occasional diffeienccs; there came an occasional
breeze; \w were sometimes threatened with a po-
litical storm; but the good and great Democratic
fathers of the country guided the ship of State
and directed its course, and it outrode every billow ,
and it never went upon the breakeis. Democratic
policy governed every Adninustiation of this coun-
try fiom 1800 to 18G0.
Mr. MORIULL. Not quite; Mr. Fillmore was
not a Democrat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I mean with slight ex-
ceptions. Mr. Fill mote was a very good man, and
has since made a very good Democrat; and I ihink
a great deal more of him than many of his former
supporters now do. There were but slight excep-
tions. They did not interrupt the course of public,
policy however.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will my friend from Dela-
ware allow me to make an appeal to him ? I do
it with great reluctance and entire kindness. I
hope he will allow us to take a vote on this ques-
tion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall relieve my friend
in a moment; and I do not presume I shall ever
again refer to party politics in discussion here, if
you do not press it a little too hard on this side.
I was only meeting charges made.
Mr. ANTilOiNY. 1 am sitting here,and I know
some others <ire, to the great injury of my heal th.
Any one can peieoive that by the sound of my
voice. I say it with all kiniiness, but I really
think it is unfair for gentlemen to compel us who
want to transact the business of the country to
sit here and listen to political harangues on either
side of the Chamber. J think it is unkind and
ungenerous.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Well, Mr. President, I
will listen to the appeal of thcSenatoi fiom Rhode
Island, as he wishes to take a vote, but I will say
to him, in yielding to that appeal, and in taking
my farewell leave of this subject, unless it shouUi j
be revived by others, that whenever hereafter that j
party of whose record I am proud, in whose his-
tory I rejoice, which has done so much to make j
us all we ever hove been that is good and great,
shall be arraigned, I shall no? stop so suddenly
without returning the political blow, and contrast-
ing more fully with its record that wf the political
party making the assault. But, in consideration
of the feeble health of the very amiable Senator
from Hliode Ulund, I will desisL on the present
occasion. „
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the nmcif'rncnt
of the Senator from^Virgmia [Mr. Carlilk] to
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] to strike out all of the amendment
a|ter the word " tlmt," and to insert what will be
read. '
The Secretary rend, as follows:
Fiom and after the passage of this act. and daring the
ptesent lebellion, it not be lawful for any oflWr or
servant ot the United ^tate.- to arie.-t or detain an\ oti/,en
of the Timed State? who n nj be -nppo.ed oi alb-ged to be
dt-doyn! thereto, or lot auvothei eau-e, except upon oath or
atfnmatimi ot -ouic pcr-on oi pcr-on- well known to be
lo\:il to the United States*, and partii ubirly describing in
s-aal osuh oi animation the act ot disloyalty or othereau-e
tor which the -aid citizen should he aire.-ti'd nnddetauud.
Sue. 2 l>e It full her enact ei'. That any am! evety
officer ot be, \ ant of the United StaU;s who =hall arrt-Mor
detain anv citizen of the United State-, in eonnaventsonof
the ptovisioiH of the iii:-t section of this act shall, on con-
viction theieof in anyeomt having juusdiction ni the ease,
suffer a fine of not less than $10,000, or impiisonmcnt in
the penitentiary for a term not less than five vears.
Snc «3. And'bctt further evaded, That all persons arrest-
ed under the provi.-ions of thte act upon the charge of dis-
lo\ alty to the Government of the United States, or lor any
other cau?>c, shall have the piivilege ot the writ of habeas
coipus; ami ihe said wnl -hail not bo suspended at any
time so far as the same may relate to per>oiin arreted as
atoiesaid.
Sec. 4. vind be it further a (tcted, That nothing in tills
act shall be >o eoiir-ti ued a a topi < vent the an eft of any pei-
5-011, a citizen of any or eithei of the States now in rebel-
lion ag.un-t the Government of the United State-, who may
be ehaiged With tna-on ordu-loialh theiefo- P>ovi<tcd.
That all aire«t< ot such pers.on« shrill be made a* pmvided
in the fnst .-cetion of thh* aet, or upon tlie precept of ttic
President of the United States
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-i*. Cailile, Kennedy, Powell, Kichord-on.
Sant-lnuy, Tin pie, and W.dl—7
NAYs'-Mi'-ms Anthony, ('handler. Oi.uk, Coilamei,
Oi\on,Dooliitte, Fes-enden, Foot, Fo-U'i, Gumc«. U-u Ian.
Ham-*, llendei-on. fJiek , Howe, Knur, Uau" o! Imiuuia.
li.ithnm, Moridl, Pomruov, Kiee, Sumner. fJVn I'.\cK
TinuitiulK Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wdmot, and VVil-n •
of Miiwaehu-etr—-'29.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jecied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
incurs on the a mend men ( of the Senator fiom till-
hum, as a substitute for the oi igimil bill
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thete me two or three
slight modifications in the amendment which I de-
sire to make, The woid "privileges" in the sixth
line of the first section should he in the singular.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That eorrec-
tion will be made if there be no objection.
Mr.TRUMBULL. As this is my own amend-
ment I presume I have a right to modify it. That
being the case I will modify it by stiiking our in
the sixth line of the first section the woids "in
all eases of political ofTi nses."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will he stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the same section, line
eight, 1 will change the word *' privileges" to
"privilege;" m line fourteen \ will strike out the
words "as a political pusoner or," and after the
woi'd prisoner," in the same line, sti ike out the
words " of wnr."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
wil1 be stucken out.
Mi. SUMNER. Are those important changes5
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will see that it merely alters it in this
respect: to make it read " as a pusoner," instead
of 41 as a political piisoner or as a prisoner of
war."
Mr. SUMNER. You only strike out the word
u political ?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two or three
other words km ickeu out. In section three, line
eleven, of the amendment, the word u thereafter"
should be lu renftei.n
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the eighteenth line of
the same sect toi1 the word 4' fii st" should be'i sec-
ond." It ik a misprint.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will also be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment will then
: read as follows;
' That, duiing t!u pic^.cnt rebellion, the President of the
i United State-, when* vci in ins judgment the public safety
in,'i\ jequire it, is authorized to -n-pend. by pioclamation,
; the privilege of the writ ot habeat corpus thiouL'hont the Uni-
ted Struer-'oi-anv pntiihei-ot And whenever sitid \vli"revcr
the -nui privilege s hall be Mi-pended. as ;ifore?<ud, no milt-
■ trfrv or other otlicei -,lia!l be compelled, in annver to any writ
of Uabca? cor put, to p turn the bodr ol -my p'-r-on o- pi-r-ons
detained b\ hirn bv niilhority of tin; Tie-ident; bat upon
the eeititicate, undei oath, ot the ollieei having cbaige of
anv one so detained, that such pewn detained b> hiu 
: o« a piisonci under authority of tha Prcsiaeut, farther pro-
And 10 :.!l ell es where
o' ,l.J eiiuit.- having
pi- -'iye nf lli'.h aei,
a ;!:'oM -.ud, has term
nalicum nt, or pro-
ceedings ttndcr the Writ of 7^^eas^f7^f=haiPbc su-spend^3
by the judge or court Imviag issued the sajd, .writ long-as
said proclamation shall remain in force and said reliolfioti
continue.
Sec. *2. *&nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
State and the Seeietary o1' War he, and they are lier ;by>
dnected. as -non a>. m-tv be practicable, t<> iurni! h to the
judges of the cheiut and'district court- ofthe (;nftcdi?tates
a; d ox the Distiu-t ot CoUnnbia a II-t of the names of alt
pri-onrf, cit 2scn> of m which th<' adminifctration of
the law* ha^eontinued un mp.nred hi the .aid Federal
eouit^. who-are in v\. or m:iv hereii 1 he. held a-  pr^onois
ofthe United Staiesj by outer oi amhoiity of thcFiOitlcnt
of the United States or either of said Secretaries, in amy
fort, arsenal, or other place, as State or political prisoners,
oi otherwise than a.-* prisoners ot war; the said Ih-t to con-
tain the naineri of all pneh who reside hi the re.-'pcetivA
jurisdictions of said judges, or who may be deemed by tllf
said SeeretaiiesjOr either of them, to have violated any law*
of the United Slates In any of said juribdiction«, and also
the date of each auost—the Scciotary of Stale to fuuifch a
list of sucli persons as aie iuipn-oned by Uie order or au-
thority of the President, aetm;* thiou^li t'v  State Depart-
ment," and ihe ,^ri ta-\ o! Wsu .t It-t of .u.-li a>« are im-
p-ironed by the oidv. *u .jiiilioiiiv «>:_ (th- Pre-uient, ae'tug
Iniouiih the l>t paitun id o' ll'n.
.i trrand jun, )i iv.i.: anemi <1 ,m>
jiui-diettou m tli' pseiu i i'ii
and alter the tunii lung of t-.ud 1;-1
mated if* se-fhm without tiiidnig
bennm'tit. < i other proc eedmg a«aiti-t m.y ^u: u peis-on. it
shall b" the dutvofiue judce of-anl eouir torthwlth to inuke
an outer th;it any such pi i-oner desiring a di^ehaig'" from
s^aid inipitsoiimeiit he tnoii/hi h"foie hnii if) ' di'-cSiargfd ;
and i-'V". rv otiicei of tiie United Si.it«j*> having cti>tf«ly of
^uch pn-oner i^ heieby dnccted nninedtaieiy ta obey and
e.veu'e ^aid judne"- oidet; and in ea-e ( e rlKiii d-'tay <>r
■ em-c to io do. be ."h.tli ! !• • ub5' cr to iiidK:im<*nr for a mis-
ti at'" uioi. and be pu>n-hed h\ a line ot not less than ^SOO,
uid inpiisouineiit m the eoinui ui jail tor a period not loss
months, m tli" d^eiettoa of ibe court: Provided,
/■ That no peim>ii -hall bi; di-chargcd by viifueof
• iMovulons ol tins act until after he oi she phall have
i k-'.. an o.uh ot alh gianee to ihe(Joveriin ent oftUe United
St.Ue-, and to Mippott the (.'on-tilution tliereof: *#nfl pro-
tUidt also, That uie judge or com t be.ore whom such pe.r-
' -on nmy be bioucht, hefoie di-charginghinioi her from im-
pii-onineid, shall have power, on examination of the case,
and. if tiie public *alety shall require tt, «haH he icquired,
[dc.iim! bun or her to entei inio iecoginzance,in a sum to
bo by said judge or con it, to keep the peace and be of
good behavior toward* the United Binte-3 aud it-< citizens,
and fiom tnne to time, and at such times ay such judge or
court may direct, appear betorc said judge or court to be
fuithcr dealt with, aecoiding to law, a? ihe ciiciunstanccs
mayieqiure. And it shall be (be duty of the district attor-
ney of the Unitcd_Statc8 to attend said examination before
the judge. „
Stc. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That in ease any of
such prisoners shall he nndei indietmentor pre-'cntment for
any offence again-t the laws of the United States and by
exifctiug laws bail or a recognizance may be taken for the
appearance tor tual of such person, it shall be the duty of
wild judge at once to di-charge such person upon hail or
lecogmzance tor trial a-i a'oie-aid. Aud m ease the Mild
Secretdiies of Ptate and War shall for any rea?on refuse or
omit to fm nish the said list of person* held as prisoners as
aforesaid at the tune of the passage of this act within twenty
days herealtei,andof such persons as thereafter may bear-
ie4ted within twenty days ttom the time ofthe arrest, any
citizen may, by a petition alleging the facts aforesaid touch-
ing any of the pei-on^ so as afoie^iid imprisoned, supported
by tin* oath of ^uch petitioner or any other credible person,
obtain and be entitled to have the said judge's ordertodis-
chaige such prisoner on the same term-* and conditions pre-
sented in the second section of tins act: Piovidetl, touever,
That the said judge &hal! be satisfied such allegations flra
Uue.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois for a moment to
the situation of the amendment as it now stands.
]f to a writ of habeas corpus it shall be returned by
the party having custody of the prisoner that lie
holds him as a prisoner, is that to be sufficient
under the bill lis it now stands?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he holds him as a pris-
oner under the authority of ihe President, that is
to be sufficient.
Mr. HENDERSON. Permit me to aslc the
Senator from Illinois if his amendment, as now
amended, provides tlmt the Piesulent may sus-
pend the privilege of ihe writ oi habeas csiytts in
reference to nil c.ihi .s.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 hope that will not be
done. Will it be in oider to move an amendment
to that amendment now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order. •
Mi. COLLAMEU. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from llli-
noisi, to strike out the second and third sections
of that amendment. 1 do not wish to oecupy much
time in relation to it. 1 do not think it needs much.
The fast section authorizes the President to sus-
r| pend the habeas corpus; which, f take it, ifit means
]i anything, means that he m.iy hold persons ill
I prison, ill arrest, without beinginierferei! with by
jj anyattemptofihecourlstosetthem at liberty, if it
II does not wean that, I do not know whatit moans.
