1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
After thus authorizing him to suspend the habeas
corpus, the second section goes on to provide that
the persons who arearrested and imprisoned shall
be brought before the courts, arid, if not indicted,
discharged. The third section provides that they
may be brought before a judge at any time after
twenty days, within which time I believe tfie re-
turn is to be made, and he may discharge them.
This seems to imply that nobody is to be arrested
unless they are persons guilty of some crime for
which they can be indicted. I have heretofore
given my views on that subject. Habeas corpus
need not be suspended for any such purpose as
that. People can be arrested for crime without
suspending the habeas corpus; and yet these sec-
tions, and especially the second section, seem to
goon the ground that only persons guilty ofcrimes
are to be arrested; because they are to be returned
to the court, and, if not indicted, discharged.
It seems to me that the second and thud suctions
are utterly inconsistent with the first. The first
section authorizes the suspension of habeas corpus,
so that courts and judges cannot relieve the man
arrested; the second ami third sections provide
that they shall relieve the man. They cannotstand
together with any degree of consistency; and it
seems to me, taking the whole bill together as it
stands, it becomes a sort of felo de se; it is com-
paratively of no use; its parts are inconsistent with
each other and destructive of the whole. That is
the way it appears to me; and therefore I move
to strike out the si-i^nd and third sections.
Mr. TRUMBULL I think the bill is not ob-
noxious to the objection which the Senator from
Vermont makes; s<> far from its provisions being
inconsistent with each other and the bill a felo de
$t, it is entirely ha> luonious. If the privilege of j
the writ of habeas corpus were not suspended, it
would be competent for any officer having au-
thority to issue that writ, a State officer as well
as a United States officer, to discharge the pris-
oner. The second and third sections confine the
right to discharge to the United States court; and
they limit the right of discharge to the time when <
a grand jury shall have met in the jurisdiction i
where the party was arrested, and have had an
opportunity to pass upon his case. Because the
writ of habeas corpus is suspended, does the Sen-
ator from Vermont say thatu is inconsistent with
itself, if you do not suspend it forever? Several
Senators have suggested to me that we ought to
limit this jurisdiction to a particular time. Sup-
pose we pass a law of Congress to suspend the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus for twenty
days or for ninety days, would not that be a good
suspension, or must u be perpetual ?
The second and third sections provide thatthis
suspension shall not be forever. That is the very
thing that is complained of in the country. What,
is the complaint? What is it that has created so
much feeling throughout all tins hud ? It is that
a man is airested without wairant, without any
charge, without being informed for what, anil
placed m prison, and held there indefinitely, with-
out ever knowing why. It has been said on the
floor of the Senate—my fnend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony] has stated it on more than one
occasion, and the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] stated it to-day—that it has always
been the case where any of these parties arrested
were willing to take the oath of fidelity to the
Government 'he prison door has been open to
them. Do you propose to shut it up? The sec-
ond and third sections provide that the prison door
shall be open to them, not immediatelj*, but so
soon as a grand jury have had an opportunity to
pass upon their ense, and find no bill, then the
prisoner may be discharged. How? Not as a
matter of course, as he would be upon a writ of
habeas corpus; but he may bo discharged on tak-
ing the oath of allegiance to the Government, and
giving bond to keep the peace and be loyal to trie !
Government; and in case the court or the judge j
should icquire it, to appear fiom to time befuie
the court to answer upon the bond. Is not that
sufficient? We understand by what has been said
here repeatedly 111 the Semite that the only power
nec^.ary to be exercised is a power to arrest men
and hold them until they shall take this oath and j
give this security. That has been deemed suifi- j
cient; and that is what this bill provides for. j
I am not prepared to say that I would give to the !
President authority to suspend the writ of habeas I
corpus indefinitely, and hold men in prison with- i
out limit and without giving them an opportunity
to be heard at all. That is the very thing that is
complained of. Js there a necessity for that? If
what myfilend from Wisconsin said to-day, th *t
th 1 prison doors had been opened all tiie time to all
men who were willing to take the oath of allegiance
and to enter into bond, be true, this bill provides
all that is necessary; and I am not for going fur-
ther than is necessary. I do not wish to give cause
of complaint on the part of anybody against the
Government, if I can help it. 1 think this will
afford all the suspension of the writ of habeas cor-
pus that is nccessary; and that we ought not to
strike out the second and third sections. They
are by no means inconsistent with the first. The
first section will not have an indefinite operation
forever if the second and third sections remain in
the bill; but if you strike out the second and third
sections, then the writ of habeas corpus is suspended
generally, and the President may hold a man in
custody as long as the rebellion lasts without his
ever having an opportunity to know why he is
held in custody, or an opportunity to discharge
himself. That is the complaint that,is made in the
country ;and I think we shall accomplish very little
by passing the first section without the second and
third. I trust, therefore, that these sections will
not be stricken out.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not understand the
bill precisely as the gentleman does; though, if I
did so understand it it is still obnoxious to my
objection. The second section provides that a
return shall be made to the courts of the persons
arrested; if the term passes without their being
indicted they are to be discharged; but the third
section provides that the returns shall be made of
all persons hereafter arrested within twenty days,
and then they go to the judge, and the judge may
release them.
Mr.T HUM BULL. No, sir; not untilafter court.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not say so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; it says so in so
many woids. If the Senator will turn to the sev-
enteenth and eighteenth lines of the third section
he will find these words:
And be entitled to have the said jud?e?s order to dis-
charge Mich prisoner on the same terms and conditions pre-
scribed in tiie second section of this act.
Now, what are the terms and conditions of the
second section? The second section of the act
provides that after a grand jury has met this ap-
plication for discharge maybe made; and the third
section pi ovules that it shil! be on the same terms
and conditions. [ think that is about as clear as
language can mak<; it. It certainly is what was
intended; and if it is not clear it may be made
so. If the Senator from Vei mont thinks that that
does not express it clearly enough 1 have no ob-
jection to having it expressed in more definite
language; but it seems to me it means that, and
nothing else, if it is on the same terms and con-
ditions that the discharge is to be had under the
second section, and if under the second section
the discharge cannot be had until after a grand
jury 1ms assembled, then I take it it cannot under
the third. But if the Senator thinks that is not
so, I should certainly be m favor of amending it
to make it so.
Mr. COLLAMER. There will be no serious
doubt about that. The gentleman may have had
thiU idea in Ins mind, and in dunving it supposed
that he expressed ii; but certainly it is not so.
What is the use of a return w ithm twenty days ?
is the return to be made before the trial?
Air. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly it is, and it
ought to be, so that when the court meets they
may present the name.
. Mr. COLLAMER. The second section is that
it is to be presented before the term of the court
immediately; but the third section has nothing to
do with the term of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The third section-, I think,
has as much to do with the teim of the court as
tlie second,
Mr. COLLAMER. It provides for an imme-
diate return of all hereafter arrested within twenty
days, and then to enable a man to go before the
judge without any ieftard to the term. Then
when it conies to speak of conditions nothing is
said about the court; but it says the prisoner may
be discharged by the judge on the same terms and
conditions described in this second section. Now,
what are the terms and conditions in the second
section ? That when the court come to use their
authority, that is, after a term is had, the condi-
tions they annex are that the man shall take an
oath or he sluul give bond. Those are. the t^rms
and conditions; he is to give bond or an oatn, as
the court shall dh
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never believe it worth
while, when parties are ai riving at the same thing,
to dispute about words; but the condition upon
which a man can be discharged under the second
section is, that a grand jury must have been as-
sembled within the proper locality; and I think
the third section clearly means that. However,
as I said, I never believe it worth while to have
a discussion about words winch can be remedied
in a moment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I agree with the gentle-
man that the issue on this point as to what the
construction of that -section would be is not very
important to the motion I am now making. You
authorize or declare, if you choose to use that
word, that the President has the power to suspend
the habeas corpus. What does that mean? Why,
it is that a court shall not Set the prisoners at lib-
city; and then itgoes on in these two sectionsand
provides directly for the court setting them at lib-
erty. If that means a suspension of the habeas
corpus., putting the whole together, then I cannot
understand the English language.
Mr. TRUM BULL. Does it not suspend it until
the court meets ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It suspends it for twenty
days, I suppose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it not suspend it until
a grand jury meets?
Mr. COLLAMER. According to your con-
struction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Jn the second section it
suspends it until a grand jury meets. Is not that
a suspension ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; but it might meet
in five days; it mischt meet to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is certainly a sus-
pension.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say again that the sus-
pension of the habeas corpus is not needed, it is of
no use in the world, in relation to the cases of per-
sons committing crimes. Peisons committing
crimes can be arrested and imprisoned without
suspending the habeas corpus, and therefore sus-
pending the habeas corpus has nothing in the world
to do with persons who have committed crime.
No person* can be sent to grand juries to find in-
dictments against, unless it is those who have com*
milted crime. AH there is of these sections is.
simply this: under the first section, if the grand
jury docs not find a bill against the man arrested
he is to be discharged. That cannot apply to peo-
ple arrested under a suspension of the habeas cor-
pus; for I say again the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus has nothing to do with the arrest of
criminals. The Government do not need the sus*
pension for that purpose at all. It is not used for
that. This habeas corpus is to be suspended to
enable them to hold in arrest persons who have
not committed crime. Does not this provide that
all such persons must, at least after a term ha*
gone by, be discharged?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. JThey must be discharged
unless the court think it proper to take a bond.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They have to take an oath
necessarily before they can be discharged.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know nothing about
what gentlemen have said as to the practice of the
Government not to hold any persons in confine-
ment who were willing to take an oath. That is
not the condition on which habeas corpus is sus-
pended in law. That is an act of executive dis-
cretion. But my idea is, that if the Executive
Departments are to have the power of suspending
the habeas corpus—I am not now aiguing over the
point as to whether the power is in Congress or
in the President; but i say, if they have the power
of suspending the wiit of habeas corpus, it should
be to enable them to take and to hohl persons in-
dependent of thejr committing crimes, for State
reasons, for public safety, for the public secuiity;
and because a term has come the court should
not be allowed to deliver a man from arrest pro-
vided he will take an oath. That should not be
left with the court. Itshouid be left to the Exec-
utive, with whom we leave the suspension of the
writ, as it seems to me, to be at ail consistent^
otherwise it means very little or nothing at all.
