1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HARDING obtained the floor.
Mr. TIOLMAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. HARDING. With the understanding that
I shall have the floor when the House again goes
into committee.
Mr. HOLM AN. That is, of course, the under-
standing. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Pexdlcton
having taken the chair, as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Mallory reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to test Sanderson's
breech-loading cannon, am! had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM TUI3 SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a bill for the
relief of the Norwegian bark Admiral P.Tordens-
kiold; m which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
pensions.
Mr. WADSWORTH, by unanimous ennsont,
submitted the following resolution; whtch was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
directed to iriqmie whether t'utther legislation is icijuned
in order to do justice tosoldieiss volunteei inir in ih<' piesnit
war who havr died 01 bt-'un pcimnneiitly dis-abled in the
hue of duty after havin? been sworn in, but bi'foie they
weie lmtsieied into the t-ei vice of the IJuited tiutes; ami
lepoit b> bill Oi otheivvi&e.
And then, on motion of Mr, ROSCOE CONK-
LING, (at ten minutes past five o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned tuuil Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 12, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILLEY. I have her^, sir, the memorial
of J. B. Pinney, coiresponding s« cr«vtaiy of the
New York Colonization Society. Thiw gentleman
was for several years a missionary at Liberia, and
subsequently governor of that colony, and from
his great experience in connection with such mat-
ters, and his high oider of intelligence, I avail
myself of this opportunity to state briefly the
purport of Ins memoual.
lie expresses his satisfaction with the measures
recently announced of encouraging the emigra-
tion of the l*iee en'or^d population, and piays that
the scope of legislation now contemplated may bo
enlarged so as to embrace those born free, as well
as those set free; and assigns four very cogent
reason**. In the first place,an appropriation ap-
plicable to all classes has the merit of equity towaid
all; second, the experience and greater intelligence
of those already free will be very necessary ele-
ments for the welfare of communities formed by
emigrants recently emancipated; third, the Ik e col-
ored population, educated tolook upon the Coloni-
zation Society with distrust, have, been and con-
tinue unwilling to become ita beneficiaries, while
recent events show that they are wilfimr to ere i grate
under the auspices of the national Government.
Finally, the nowly emancipated slaves,distrustful
of white men, will implicitly receive ndweo from
those previously free; and if they find the btier
hostile to the scheme, or excluded the priv-
ilege of going with them, fe-.v will be willing to
emigrate.
The memorial has the indorsement and con-
cuirence of James Mitchell, commissioner of
emigration. I believe the bill from the House of
Representatives for aiding Missouri in emonci-
pa'ing her slaves has been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I move the same re/t-r-
ence of this memorial.
it was so referred.
Mr. LATHAM presented the memorial of
Brigadier General James II. Carleton, praying
for remuneration to his children for theirpioperty
destroyed by order of n United States officer at
Albuqiu-rqu^, New Mexico; which was ^eferr. d
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. *
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I present,
the memoiia! of (he president, secretary, and ex-
ecutive committee of the Emancipation League
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the organ-
ization of a Bureau of Emancipation. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and I should like
to have it printed. I ask to have it printed, if
there be no objection.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. By unanimous consent it can
be printed now without a reference.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 object to it. I do not
want to establish the precedent of printing me-
morials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
printed by unanimous consent; otherwise, the
motion to print will go to the Committee on
Pnnting.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The inotionto print
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN presented eighteen petitions
of citizens of Philadelphia, for the passage of a
general bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. COWAN presented fourteen petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, for the passage of a gen-
M cral bankrupt law; whtch were ordered to lie on
jj the table.
jj He also presented a petition ofcitizensofPhila-
j, delphia, praying that the property known as the
old Pennsylvania Bank lot and building," pur-
chased by the Government a few years since for
a post dike, may be transfeiied to the Treasury
Department, for the use of the United States ap-
praisers; also pray mg for an appropriation to com-
plete the building foi that propose; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of A.
J. Richardson, of New Yoik, praying that the
steam vessel Blue Bonnet may be nationalized,
and its name changed to Peconic; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, psuying for thepassage of a bill supple-
mental}7 to an a^f for the examination of diugs
and medinncs, approved the 26th day of June,
1H4H; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr RICE presented a petition of paymasters'
ch-iks, praying foran mciease of pay; which was
refei t ed to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
He also presented the petition of three hundred
citizens of Minnesota, foragenertil bankruptlaw;
which was ordeied to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEFS.
M>\ NESVHTff, from the Committee on In-
dian Allans, to whom was refc-riod the memorial
of A. II. Jones and J. M. C. Brown, reported a
ml' (S. No. 4l)l) foi theii re!u f: which was read,
and pa'-^ed to a second reading.
Mr. DiXON,fYom the Committee to Audit mid
Control the f^ituiii^enr Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was lefeiied a resolution for inert osin^
the compensation of messengers in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate, reported adveisely
thereon.
notices of bills.
Mr. WILSON* of Massachusetts, gave notice
of Ins intention to ask leave to introduce a hill to
authorize the consolidation of regime-its and com-
panies.
lie also trove notice of his intention to ask leave
to Li'roduC'' a bill rev facilitate the return, to the
Army of absent soldiers, and to prevent doscr-
uj!1' hill introduced.
?Jr. WILLEY, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, a'-ked a-id obi-lined leave to m*rodiKea bill
(S. No. 4G0) to aid \Vcst Vuginia in securing the
speedy and final abolishment of slavery therein;
winch was read twice by its title,and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
treaty 01'' washing-ton.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the fallowing ro-
tation, which was considered by unanimous ^on-
sent, and agreed to; " ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
requested to inquire what tunhor legislation, if any, is ric-
ce^ary to carry out 1 l e obligation^ assumed by the fourth
artseleof the. treaty between the United Slates and Great
iUttain, concluded on the 9th of August, 1640 ; Willi leave
toieport by bill or otlieiwise.
CONFISCATION OF REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con*
jj sent, and agreed to:
ij Resoh cd, That the President be requested to inform the
!i Senate what measuies have been adopted hyinm to enforce
j! the pioviwon^ of nn act entitled '* An act to suppress m-
Ij surreclion. to pitm-di tieason and lebeliiori, to seize and
I; eonfi^earc the property of lebe}^ and Tor other purposes/*
approved July 17, 1803, which relate to the seizure and
1! confi ^cation of the psopi-nv of rebels. Also, whether in his
j; opinion any additional legislation necessary to facilitate
'! the enfoicement of' said law.
;j Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolution:
jj Resolved* That the joint committee on the conduct of
;! the w ar be diu'citd to inquire and repot t what aie the ob-
[I j.'etioiw and cau^cs ot del.iy in the execution of the act of
j1 Coiifru'^. confiscating the property of rebek, especially in
l' the District of Columbia, and whether any lurtlier legisla-
!| tiou is nnce^iuy to becuio it-? more prompt and general
!; execution.
|j Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest as a matter with
li reference to the form of business, whether a joint
1: committee can be addressed unless by a joint res-
'i olution. That committee is a joint one.
j! Mr. TRUMBULL. We have been in the habit
li of doing it.
!j The VICE PRESIDENT. The practice of
jj the .Senate has been to instruct them on the part of
ji the Senate. Is there any objection to the con-
s' sideration of the resolution?
li There being no objection, the resolution was
jj considered and agreed to. *
!! MESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSE.
j| A message from the House of Representatives,
i by Mr. Etiihrtdce, its Clerk, announced that the
t! Ilouse had passed the following' bills and joint res-
olution, in which it requested the concurrence of
i the Senate:
| A bill (No. 035) making appropriations for the
j legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
\ Go vci nmcnt for the year ending the 30th of June,
; 1864;
! A bill (No. 649) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
i mriu for the year ending June 30, 1864; and
A joint resolution (No. 131) to confirm the ad-
verse dnei<!on of the Court of Claims in the ease
i of Most s Yale.
The message also announced that the House"
bad indefinitely postponed the bili of the Senate
(C C. No. 103) for the relief of John Skirving.
| ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
1 The message further announced that the Speaker
; of the House of Representatives had signed the
I following enrolled bill and joint resolution; which
! were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
I A joint resolution (H R. No. 125) to grant the
: use of a poition of Judiciary square for a free
■ library and leading-ioom for soldiers; and
! A bill (II. R. No. 603) presetibing the tim^s
, and places foi holding the tci ms of the circuit opurt
; for the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas.
PAPEKS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered. That a memorial of meichant** and importers of
San Hanei^co, piawieito be ret undeti the amount ot duties
p.ud bv them on apod- de-uoyod L>> fho hi 1^53, and 1851,
on tl.Jfib s of the Senate, be i<-icrred to the Committee on
Financc.
RECONSIDERATION OK ^ Y0TE.
Mr. LANE,  f Indiana.-1 d«jsiro to entera mo-
tion to rceonsidor the vote by which the first amend-
ment to £I' use bill No. 137, to authorize the rais-
ing of a volunteer force for the bettei defense of
Kentucky, was adopted by the Senate at its last
| hl Th?'yiCE PRESIDENT. That motion will
i, be entered on th«.- Journal.
BONDS AND NOTES FOU PAYMENT OF SOLDIERS.
Alr.F ESSEN DEN. Before proceeding toother
i! business, I hope the Senate will consent to take
1 op the bill that I reported on Fndayfrom the
Committee on Finance,to obtain the meansio pay
our -soldiers. I move to t:ike up that bill.
The emotion vpm ngr.e# d to; and the bill (S. No,
