nm
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
against the authority of the United Spates. As the
biii now stands, if a man is arrested by the Pres-
ident for counterfeiting the current coin of the
United States or counterfeiting your Treasury
notes, l>o\v is he to be released?
Mr.TRUMBULL. .When the court sits, there
will be an indictment. 1
Mr. HENDERSON. I am only taHring about
the bili as it stands, and I say to gentlemen, in all
good faith, that if this thing is to be carried to
s.uch an extent as seems to be contemplated, they
will do more damngo in this country than they
can possibly conceive of to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My ft tend from Missouri
certainly has not read the bill. As the bili stands,
the very first grand jury that meets finds an in-
dictment in that case.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am aware of that, but
an innocent man raa^ be seized upon in a loyal
State without an oath, and kept in prison until a
grand jury meets. How long may that be? It
may be six months; it may be eight months; I j
cannot toll. |
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote for the amend- ■
went of the Senator from Missouri, simply be-
cause, in my view of the Constitution, it is a re-
quirement of the Constitution already that the writ ;
of habeas corpus shall not be suspended except in
case of rebellion when the public safety tdiall re-
quire it. If the necessity exists in Louisiana, it
does not follow that the public safely lequiiesits
suspension in New Yotk.
The question bring taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted— yeas 11, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Curlile, Henderson, Lailiam. Powell,
Tvtce, Richardson, Salisbury, Tu.pie, Wall, Willej, and
Wtl-oit of Missouri— t).
NAYS — ^lessr*. Anthony, Chatuilet, Clark, CoHttmer,
Douimt'-, Fe-^enden, I'iiDTjIV'ci.fium's liailan, Mar
ri-, 11 !(•!(■•, Howe, Kntu, Lane of Indiana, Lane <>l Kansa-,
f.lon-.11, Pomcioy, Stunner, Ten Kjek, TitunbuU, Wade,
Wiinio:, atcl YVil.-onoi Mas*aehusCtUs—"2-1.
So ihe amendment to tin; amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to obviate the
objection made by the Senator fiom Vermont, I
move in the thirteenth line of the third section,
after the word "may," to add u after a grand jury
shall hove terminated its session without having
found an indictment or presentment, us provided
in the second section;" so that there may be no
doubt that the application must be made after the
grand jury lias terminated its session.
Mr. CARL1LE. I desire to know if I under-
stand what will be the efT< ct of mis. !sr<> indict-
ment. or presentment can be found by a grand jmy
against any person unless he haw violated some
law in existence. Tins bill, as I undeistand it,
does not create any new offense. Thereto!e, so
far as that is concerned* th<-re is no necessity for
it. The arrest can be made under the law as it
now stands. The only -'tleri of this bill, as to
those who have not been guilty of any offense, is
to keep them in prison unless they shall take the
prescribed oath, and entn into the recognizance
required.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to propose an
amendment m the first section. That tectum
pio\ides that the President of tin; United States
"in authoiized to suspend by proclamation the
privileges <■ f i Ua wiit of habeas corjncs throughout
the United States or any pait thereof." 1 do not
think it advisable to compel the President to do
this by proclamation. 1 think that if, in a par-
ticular ease, the Piesident orders* a man to be ar-
rested because he is dangerous, he may and ought
to be authorized to suspend the writ of haboas cor-
pus as to that case,and yet leave it in general op-
eration, and not distuib it m the country at largo.
In order to effect this purpose, I move in the fifth
line of the fii^i section to strike out the words
!>y pioclatnation,''<ind in the sixth line, nfter
uhabeas corjmi," to insert "in any case, or;" so
r.s to h\uI, " is authoi ized to suspend the pnvi-
^ges of ihe will of habeas corpus  n any case, or
jI rou«.rhoiiLihe Unued iSr.iiesoi any pat t theieof."
In the eighteenth !me I mo\e to .stnke out the
wotd "proclamation," and insert "suspension
by the Pieeidem/'
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
as turn lid**!.
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamcr,
Doolittle, Fcs^endcn, Foot, Foster, Giinies, Harlan, Ilat-
ris, Ilicks, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan
sas, Morrill, Pomerov, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilraot, and Wilson of Massachusetts
—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlilp, Henderson, Kennedy, Latham,
Powell, Rice, Kichardson, Saulsbury, Turpie, Wall, Wil-
ley, and Wilson of Missouri—12.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the thud time.
Mr. 111CEIARDSON called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clatk, Collamer, ;
Doohttie, Fessendfn, Foot, Fo^fr, Grime*, Harlan, Har-
ris, Hiek«, Howe, tvmiTj Lane of Kansas, Mouill, Pomeroy,
hUminei, Ten Evek, Tnnnbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
and Wilson of Ma^aehusett*2—'24.
NAYS—.Mes«r-<. Cathie, Henderson, Kennedy, L«'ine o "
Tndl.ina, Latham, Powell, ltice, fliohatd.4on, Satilsbu v.
Tut pie, Wail, Wiiley, and Wilson of Missotm—13.
So the bill was passed. i
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the title was j
amended to rend "An act to provide for suspend- j
ing the privilege of the wiit of habeas corpus, for ,
the discharge of State prisoners and others, and j
to authorize taking bail in certain cases."
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, the Senate
adjourned,  
1I0U8E OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 23, 1803.
The 1 Inn^e met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
!>V the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of Sat ui day was read and approved.
KVXSVS 11 ^SOLUTIONS.
Tile SPEAKER laid before the Mouse joint res
olutions of the Legislature of Kansas asking the
passage of a law explanatory of the act of admis-
sion into the Union so far as relates to certain
public lands; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas
approving the policy of the Administration in the
suppression of the rebellion; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. "VV AStlOCJRNE. I ask the consent of the
House to intioduce a bill for the purpose of lcfer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I object.
PRINTING OF BANK HILL.
Mr. XIOOPER submitted a resolution to print
ten thousand copies of the bank bill for the use of
the members of the House; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
UNITliD STATICS JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLtNG called for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration ofSenate bill No.
494, to give greater efficiency to the judicial sys-
tem of tlie United States, on the passage of which
the previous question had been seconded when the
House adjourned#on Saturday evening.
Mr. PENDLETON. I should like to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to enter a motion
to refer that bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object.
The mam question was ordered on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to re-
consider the vote by which the mam question was
oi dered ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DOLMAN. I submit that motion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas f)7, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Babbitt Baker, Baxter, Bwuaaa. Bins-
ham, Samuel 8. Blair, Biako, Uurtintoii, Casey, Clark, Col-
fax, Cox, Cutler, Davis,Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden. Thomas A. D. Fes-
senden, Fisher, Fianehot, Goodwin, Granger, Ilaight. Har-
rison, Hickman, Hooper, Horton, l]utchiiw.Julian,Fiancis
W. Keliojrs, William Keilopjj, Lootrus Low, McKnight,
Mitchell, Ai^on P. Momll, Nixon, Noble, Odell, Patton,
Timothy G. {'help-, Pike, Porter, Alexander II. Rice, Kid-
dle, Edward H. Rollins,Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shcl-
lalmrgei, Sherman, Spauidmg, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thonuvs,Trimble, Van Horn, Verree. Walker, Washburne,
.Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom,and Worcester—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Daily, Biddle, JacobR.
Blair, William G. Brown, Calveit, Clements, Frederick A.
Colliding, Iloscoe Couklmsr, Coming, Ciisfield, Delaplaine,
Grider, Hall, Harding, Hohnan, Johnson, Kilhnger, Knapp,
Law. Lazear, Leary, Mallorv, May,-Ma.ynard, Menzies,
Mooihead, Noiton, Nuqen, Pendleton, Price, ltobinson,
James S. Rollins, Shanks, Smith, John B. .Steele, William
G. Steele, Stiles, Stiatton, Vallandigham, Vooihees,
Wheeler, Chilton A. While, Wickhfic, WToodrufF, ana
Yoaman—47.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that Mr. McKeah was
absent on account of sickness in his family.
The bill was then passed.
Mr, SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider belaid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEMBER ELECT PROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. DA WES. I i isr to a question of pi ivilcge.
Hon. Bcnjamin F. Fi.ANDr.rts, member electfrom
the first congressional district of the State ofLou-
isiana, U present, and 1 ask that he be sworn in.
Mr. Flankers appeared at the Speaker's desk,
and took the usual oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
0. L. (iRAFFMN.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made an adverse report on the case of
Chi istopher L. Grafllm, claiming a seat in the
House of Representatives from the eighth con-
gressional district of the State of Virginia; which
was laid upon the tabic, and ordered to be printed
* OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
Mr. CRISFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish ar.d equalize the grades of line offi-
cers of the United States Navy,"approved July
16, 18G2; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
BRIDGE ACROSS TIIJ2 OHIO.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Ilousc to report a bill fiom the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals for the construction
of a bridge across the Ohio at Cincinnati.
Mr. GURLEY. I object.
JENMNG3 PIGOTT.
Mr. DAWES. I lise to a question of privilege...
I call up the case of Jennings Pigott, and ask that
the leport of the Committee of Elections be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom were referred the
ciedcntialsot Jennings Pigott, claiming to ha\e been elected
a Repiesentative tiom the second congressional district in
Nurtli Carolina, and the ptote>t of Charles Iicnry Foster
ag.unst ilie right of &aid Pigott to a seat by virtue of any
sueii alleged election, repoit:
That they have heard the said Pigott in support of and
the said Foster against said claim, and have examined all
the testimony which hits been aduueed oa either side, ft
is claimed hy Mr. Pigott that lie was elected upon the 1st
day of January of the present yt ar, by virtue of a proclama-
tion (Mis. Docs. Nos. 13 and 14) issued by Edwaid Stanly,
military governor ot North Carolina, on the 10ti) day of De-
cember last, iu the second district dt North Carolina, com-
posed of the counties, of Wayne, Edgeeomb, Green, Pitt.
Jjcnou, Jones, Onslow, Carteret, (Jiaven, Beaufort, and
Hyde.
The view taken by the committee of all the facts of this
case, a* they were made to appear, i endered it unnecessary
to inquire how nearly iucouiormi<y to the founsof law this
I election had been conducted, or what were the powers oi
the military governor who issued tne pioelamation under
winch it wa-* held Fortius lea&on they do not tiouble the
llour.e with citations from the Nonh Carolina law of elec-
tions, or with aiimments upon tne powers of a military gov-
einoi The whole number l>t vote-* ea-t wa«j 8G-I; ot these
Mr. Pmott had 595 vote?; all oiheis, 2j9 votes. There was
j no voting at ail in buf thiee ot the eleven counties com-
' posing the deduct, and in one uf these in but a single pre-
1 inticl. There were many voting places in these three cou «
1 ties where no polls weie opened or notice taken of the
' election, in s>ome of these no sufficient iea*on was showa
why they were omitted from participation ; but in mo*t ot
them m these three counties the presence of armed rebels
and incursions of guerrillas rendeied the attempt wholly im-
possible. The teniaiuing'eight Counties wcre&.lmogt, if iiot
entirety, in the armod occupation of tlie rotate. It Wim
