270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
450) to provide for a farther issue of bonds of the
United States, and of United States notes, and for
other purposes, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as In Committee of the Whole.
It is designed, for the purpose of providing the
necessary means for the payment of arrearages
due the Army and Navy, and for the efficient
prosecution of the war for the suppression of the
rebellion, to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to borrow, on the credit of the United States,
thesum of $200,000,000; for $100,000,000 of which
sum he may issue coupon or registered bonds:,
bearing an intciest not exceeding- six per cent.,
and payable at the pleasure of the Governmental
any time after ten years from their date, and dis-
pose of the same at the best rates he can obtain
for them; and for §50,000,000 of that sum he may
issue United States notes, without interest, which
are to be a legal tender, like the similar notes
heretofore authorized, and be receivable for all
loans and other public dues, except customs, and
payable for all debts, except interest on the pub-
lic debt; and he may reissue the same when paid
in, or in lieu of United States notes heiotofoui is-
sued when paid in, the reissue of which is author-
ized by existing laws; and for the remaining;
§50,000,000 he may issue Treasury notes, paya-
ble two years after date, and hearing an interest,
in lawful money, of four per cent, per annum,
which arc also to be receivable for loans and ali
public dues, except customs; hut no interest is to
be allowed, or when paid out exacted, on notes
so received or paid, except to the first day of the
quarter next preceding such receipts; and these
notes are at all times to be exchangeable, m sums
not less than $100, forUnited Stales notes without
interest, and made a legal tender.
If, in the judgment of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the public interest will be best pro-
moted thereby, he may, instead of a part or the
whole of cither of the issues to be authorized by
this act, issue a like amount of any other of such
issues; but the whole amount thus issued is in no
case to exceed ^00,000,000.
In addition to the notes less than one dollar,
commonly called postage emrcncy, al icady is-
sued or hcreaftei to he issued, the Seeietary of
the Treasury is also to be authorized to issue frac-
tional notes of like amounts, prepared, engtaved,
and printed, under the direction of the S< ciefury,
in the Treasury Department building: and those
fractional notes may be exchanged for the post-
age currcncy and for United States notes, and he
receivable in payment of dues for customs not
exceeding one dollar, and of all other dues to the
United Suites not exceeding three dollars. The
sums necessary to cairy into effect the provisions
of this act, not exceeding $000,000, me thereby
appropriated. And all the prowsions of the ads
severally entitled "An act to authorize the i-<suo
of United States notes, nod for the redumption
and funding thereof, and lor funding the floating
debt of the United States,'' appioved February
*25, 1860, and "An act to authorize an additional
issue of United States notes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 11, 18G0, which relate to
the form of the bonds and notes thereby author-
ized, and the signing, countersigning, and seabm;
of thesame,and the enguiving and priming theo.-
of, and all the provisions of the sixth and seventh
sections of the act first specified, aie, so ler as
the same can or may be applied to the piovisions
of this act, and not inconsistent, theiowith, ro
apply to the notes and bonds thus authorized to
be issued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The lesolution of the
House of Representatives on tins subject, with
the amendment of the Committee on iVhlnaiy Af-
fairs, was referred to tijp Committee on Finance.
I sent it to the Secretary of the Treasury and he
returned the bill now under conWenvJ.on, v..tha
letter, stating, substantially. that the Hour.; res-
olution would not effect the purpose, and the bill
which he sent would 1 was, therefore, instructed
by the Committee on Finance to report advt rsely
on the resolution, and to report tins bill, which I
hope will pass without objection. I send to the
desk the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
winch I should like to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will be
read.
The Secretcuy read it, as follows:
Treasury January 7. 1803
Sir: I have received the joint ifit ion (H.'K.No. J *21)
with the amendment proposed by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, on wluch tiie Committee on Finance, through
you, desire such suggestions as 1 may have to make.
The object ot the joint resolution and the amendment
must commend itself to all; but I apprehend that it cannot
be attained in the mode proposed.
The arrears of pay to the Army and Navy probably ap-
proach sixty million dollars; while the amount available
under existing legislation otheivvNe than byfoiced f-aies of
five-twenty bonds, and exclusive of receipts fiom taxes, du
ties, and fractional currency, does not exceed twelve mil-
lions and a half. Taxes, duties, and exchange of fractional
cuiicncy yield at present about five hundred thousand dol-
lais a day, to which is added about five hundred thousand
doHais ot' United States note?, pait of the twelve millions
and a half; making a daily piovision of about one million
doilass. Tins amount could only be incieased by forced
sales of five-twenty bonds, and sales of these bonds Lvlow
the maiket value aie not permitted by the net sanctioning
their twie, not by the '••pint, it bj the letter, of the supple- j
mentaryact. Ifpcunitad.&ueh sales could only be cliected j
at sacufiees r,o great and so increa-mg that Hie end s-outriit ;
would piobabiy be deleated by the vety means used to at- j
lam it. !
The v\ hole amount of available mean5-, therefore, may he ;
slated to he ^1,000.001) a ikiy, until the .-£12.503,OoO shall be
exhausted , winch, at the pie&ent late, will hi; ni about .
tweiity-uve days.
Hut ^LOCU.OuO a day does v.ot suffice for cuuent expend
ituies ; nor Will the addition ot $•.",(),CGw.000 of note*.", as pio-
1 posed by the amendment. siUlice lei the aneais.
i Soniethhit: moie imui be done ; and to pievei.t excessive
| inflaiion and depieci;u:on, it is highly deniable Una as
j much as po—iltJo >-hal! he done by loans.
i Uut to alibi d a reasonable pio-peet of making loans suc-
cessfully, two things m'ciii to nie indispensable fu^t.thc
lepeal ot the conveitibihty clan-es ot lonnei acf?, which
in,ilce it impossible to neijotiale bonds, except at jrreat dis-
advantage ; and, seeoudt}. lite anot of the eontmu.il iu-
cie.w; of the local eiicuiation of suspended bank?, which
tends constantly to tti<> oxclii-ion ot Untied States notes
fiom a ceneial eneulation, and makes n difficult to obtain
them eiihei for payment oi ta\e; oi to meet engagements
loi lO'Ul-.
F.a thi' picket it liMvvei, and M p;n\ id*'1 f<u aclu;il eiue1 -
roiicics, ( have piepan-d n«- an ann'ndinent by v. ay of >uh-
•utiite. a bill \\hj(ii Minplvciinit-. the coaveiubihty clause,
and winch -e( tu-s to mo iiin-t likely to .-ectue a piovision
lot pie -,in<r tee 1 Mibtint n with meat delerence
to tlse judgment oi the committee; ie- pectlully .-.uiraesting
however, w neilier undi-r the clause of the Constitution ic-
qanmg tiiat all bills loi nu>nig icvenue shall oiiemate in
the House ofUpj).<,rtentativus, tins ainemhiu'iit.oi thalpio-
poed t'lom the Committee on MihUuy Ad an-, ean be made
in tin i-v'ii.itv: to tiie joint lei-ohition oi the Uou-.e, winch
ine'ely i "coin mends ]>i ioi ity of payments, but doCi> not pro-
pn^e to m*m; the levcuiie.
Toe Ifii! pun aies ten the i^-ue and negotiation of six pei
ei-nl itond - to I he amoiiur ot IOU.OOJ,UUO, nnd to l'.ie;!it ite
ne^otniiou make-i hem pft\abb* alter ten ui-Eci'd of aiiei
liv e \ eats Ii ;inthot ize-> the ,^ue ot >'50.000,000 in lTmted
r3(ate- noK1-.. \\ uhout in(eie«.j, by which the negotiation of
tiie bond - ma\ be (hi the! i.icihta'ed ; it ant hoi r/o lb'1 l-^uo
ot s'jO.OuO.OOO in Tkmsuiv notes payable two ycius after
(Lae,and boainutoui per'cent inteu'-t, wlileh will stiil
further aid n< ^otnition of bond- without mrrea.-.ai'r nuiti \ i-
idly tiie \ oh:me oi'cunene> ; it? auctions the n-e oi Htlnu-oi
thoe modes <>t latsniir money in lieu ol one oi both the other
method-, if tlse public exigencies demand u; aiid finally, it
- mcri'M) - the po jI.kjc ell! I''IK'V DOW 11-ed 111 Mlb-t UU11011 Ot'
po ta-gestiunpi, and authorizes the piepaiauon ot additional
fxactional euneney.
it is my iiidgiiiuit that if any mea^uic w ill accomplish
lb'1 dented obver. this hikmi'O wdi at'eomph-nit- 7C< thing
-boil oi it Will. I animate piove ade!ju,u<'.
it should he ieluded, hou evei. onl\ as aa evpedieet for
an entei^tiiev• Xd niea me, in ni> judgment, \vill meet
the neee-sit scs of the oeea- ion. and piove adequate to the
pi i> vi - io'i ol the gieat • It ii i- l( (jillied !oi the M)|ipie—ion of
lite icbelhon. wilK ll doc.- 11 < > L ii)< Iihli' ,1 lam -Ilpptut t" eub-
l'e eiedi? tin.met) the est,JjIi>h>n 'i,( ol a nvlonn national
('iietdation recused In bonds of the TTmted Htate-.
The jmnt le-oittiiun and amendment aie heicwith ic-
tm ie'd
With gieat ie?pect, joui-j, &c.,
p. p. cn
Secrclcmj oj Lhc Trea^urj.
Hon P F!'5sr\r rChaiiraan Coiitmillce on
l'inciire, L'tilled Slides haule.
Air. l^GSSEZsfDsLN. I will say one v/oul upon
!' this subject in addition to who! 1 Maid holo 'e.
I' Tlxi' Secretary, it will be observed, expresses the
h |K>.sit;ve opinion that the House resolution, which
j, was lef'erred to the Committee on Finance, would
: not accomplish the purpose, and he submits this
bill as one that will, in his judgment; and sub-
|i nuts to u as a temporary measure 111 the present
i: exiueney.
1 will remark, sir, that the committee coniid-
ij ered tiie question that he suitesl;<, as to xvhellier
wo have the constitutional power to originate a
bi'l ot tb's deseripuoo. On lookjn< : into the pre-
eedenis, I found that bills of tins d( «' nation, or a
,i bill—! did not further, but i was told by other
members of the committee that it had been the
ease ui other instances—a bill authorizing the
tssu" of Treasury notes had originated in the -vJen-
ate heretofore. The first bdl that was passed il}
Alt. BncjuuiLui'tf Administration, authonzm ' the
issue of twenty millions of Treasury notes,oi initi-
ated in the Senate, and passed without cpe'sawn
on this pon.t. I am told that the bill which v*\\s
passed in the time of the Mexican war to the same
effect also originated in the Senate. It would
seem, therefore, to be settled by precedents; and
this is considered rather in the nature of a loan
bill than in the nature of a tax bill, and it is prob-
able, therefore, that it has been considered here-
tofore that, though loan and note bills might in-
directly involve the levying of a tax on the peo-
ple, they were yet not to be considered as bills
raising" revenue in the constitutional sense, which
could only originate in the House of Representa-
tives. So much for that question.
It will be remarked that there is only one notice-
able feature in this bill that is differentfrom those
which we have passed heretofore; and that is, it
omits the convertibility clause; it does not pro-
vide foi these notes being convertible into bonds
at the pleasure of the holder. The Secretary of the
Tieasuryhas stated repeatedly to both branches,
I tinnk, that he had been exceedingly embarrassed
in the operations of the Treasury by that clause
in the former bills. The bill makes the notes issued
under it receivable for all public dues except cus-
toms, so that if the Treasury has occasion to dis-
pose of any of these bonds, the notes which we
now authorize by this bill will be receivable like
the other notes. The committee felt inclined to
defer to the judgment of the Secretary, who had
noticed the practical workingsof the system, upon
a mere matter of opinion of that sort, and to omit
the clause. He is authorized, therefore, to issue
them without that provision, and also, as those
other notes are paid in, to issue these instead of
them. It gives him no authority whatever, so
far as notes were issued with the convertibility
clause, to refuse to convert them. It leaves the
rights of the holders of those notes precisely as
they were before. I think the bill will be suffi-
cient for its purpose, and I hope it will pass the
Senate, and also pass the House of Representa-
tives as soon as possible, m order that the diffi-
culties upon xis with regard to paying the soldiers
may be promptly relieved.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading, lead the third time, and passed.
Mi. FKSSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance reported adversely on the joint resolution
of the iloi.is.j of Representatives on this subject,
and i should like to have that taken up and action
had upon it, so that it may be sent back to the
|i House of Representatives at the fame time with
j| the bill just passed, that they may understand our
11 action.
|| There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
|! mutee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
j; joint lesolution (H. R. No. 121) for the prompt
j [ paymcntof the sold tcr?>of the United States Ai my,
jl aod tiie seamen and marines of the United States
j Navy.
; Mr. FKaSP.NDF.Tf. I move that tins joint
ij resolution be indefinitely postponed.
/ The motion was agreed to.
,j Air. Tn order that there may
11 be no misunderstanding in the public mind, 1 wish
. to state, in explanation of that motion, that the
| joint lesolution is indefinitely postponed simply
! because we have made a more ample and better
pioviMon on Uio subject, m our judgment.
j| IIOl'Si: PILLS JlEFISllUKD.
The fblh>wnig bills from th- Il.nt^e of Repre-
sentatives vi ere sce< i ally l end twice by their tuleS,
■ and referred as indicated below:
1 A bill (No COo) making appropriations for the
; legislative, exeeuiive, and judicial expanses of the
, Government for the year ending the iiOth of June,
166-1—to the Commute on Finance.
A lull (No. 640) making nppj opnations for the
Jl consular and dining;,:,.' expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending .lune 30, lbG4—to the
Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 141) to confnm the «d-
V'Tfi decision of the Court of Claims in the ease
of Aloses Yale—to the Committee on Claims.
; COURT OI? CLAIMS.
Air. TRUMBULL. 1 move to postpone ail
<>11.ei business, and that the Senate take up the
b;!l relating to the reorganization of the Court of
■ Claims.
AL. JIALC. I hope not. I do notknowany-
tlnng abuut the bil!; but 1 <an opposed at this time,
1; and under the present circumstance.^ of thecoun-
