1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The people of North Carolina desired me to
represent them in this House, in this Congress,
and in obedience to their wishes I came here for
that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. In reference to the point
upon which the gentleman is now speaking, i de-
sire to know whether this proposition was forced
upon the gentleman by the people, before the is-
suing of the Governor's proclamation ?
Mr. PIGOTT. I state emphatically it was. I
know it was. The people came to me and urged
me to represent them. They discussed the mat-
ter in a meeting, and they adjourned determined
to petition the military governor of North Caro-
lina to issue a writ ordering an election, in order
that there might be a general understanding upon
the subject, and no misapprehension.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire whether
the action of the military governor was in con-
formity to the action of the people, as they ex-
pressed themselves to him?'
Mr. PIGOTT. I say that it was, because I
know he was petitioned, and I heard him say he
was petitioned, by the people of the first and sec-
ond congressional districts; that the evidence in
reference to the first district was not sufficient to
induce him to call an election in that district; but
that in reference to the second district the evi-
dence, in his mind, as to the loyalty of the peo-
ple and their solicitation to be represented was
sufficient to induce him to order an election, in
order that the people might have an opportu-
nity upon a day certain to meet and cast their
votes for a Representative to Congress upon this
floor.
One other remark in relation to my eligibility.
I say now that it is my honest and solemn con-
viction that I was bonafide> and according to the
letter and spirit of the Constitution of the United
States,an inhabitantofNorth Carolina on the day
when this election took place. I went there with
the purpose of remaining. I went there for the
purpose of residing in my native State, and of do-
ing all that a loyal, dutiful, and faithful citizen of
the United States couid do as an inhabitant and*
resident of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I had not intended to trespass as
long as 1 have done upon the time and patience of
the House, but I felt it due to myself, and to the
loyal people of North Carolina, that I should
come here, and in my humble and blunt manner
declare to you these facts; and I desire to state
most emphatically that 1 believe a majority of the
Union men of the district were within the Union
lines at the time the election way ln-ld.
Mr. Speaker, it is said that we must not bow
down to nor worship anything in the heavens
above or on the earth below, or in the watery un-
der the earth, but to God alone. Now, sir, my
love and veneration for this Union and that old
flag have amounted almost to idolatry. I cannot
close my eyes to the fact (hat if this (Jiuon is to be
preserved; if ever that old fl<ig is to lloat in tri-
umph from the lakes to the gulf, and from ocean to
ocean, it is indispensably necessary thatall proper
and lawful means shall be used to accomplish that
desired consummation, and amongst them, m my
humble judgment, is the cultivation and encour-
agement of the loyal men in the seceded States.
I think it indispensable that a feeling of loyalty
should be fostered and encouraged there. And,
sir, whenaconstituencygcts together, feeling that
they are citizens of the Republic, and desning to
enjoy all the benefits and immunities of citizens of
the United States, and choose a Representative to
represent them m this [ louse, and when they come
here, as my constituents come to-day, throng))
their chosen Repiesentative, and appeal to you to
allow them to be heard on matters of vital import-
ance to them, and to grant them the right of rep-
resentation heie, 1 take it that you ought not to
say tothem "depart; I know you not." Although
family affliction has deprived me of the opportu-
nity of cultivating the acquaintance of members of
the House, and explaining to them my case and
the peculiar condition of my constituents, I stiil
hope that somegentlemrn here will come forward
and give me a little help in (he way of .speeches
and a good deal in the way of voting.
MBSSA.GK TliOM XIIK .SIC NAT 10.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foknky,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate have passed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 435) for a grant of land to the State
of Kansas in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs in
said State;
An act (No.557) to provide forissuingan Amer-
ican register to the steamboat Maple Leaf; and
A joint resolution (No. 129) authorizing the
collection in coin of postage due on unpaid mail
matter from foreign countries.
NORTH CAROLINA ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, at this late
period of the session I will not detain the House
with a long speech. I will state as succinctly as
I can the reasons why I think this applicantought
to be admitted to a seat. And first, as to the point
tmade in the report in regard to the eligibility of
the claimant and his being an inhabitant of the
district which he claims to represent. If the com-
mittee are correct in their conclusion that is an
end of the case.
m The facts, as fleam, not from the applicant him-
self, but from other sources, are that he is a native
of the State of North Carolina, and has probably
more than once been a member of her Legislature;
that he came to this city some years since under
a Federal appointment, and that he held an office
in one of the Executive Departments here up to
the commencement of the present Administration;
he then returned to North Carolina, the State of
his nativity and of his former residence. The
question is as to the mind with which he returned.
If he returned, in the language of the law writers,
animo manendi, then when he landed in North
Carolina he became instantly a citizen of North
Carolina. Ifhe WGntanimovevcrtcndi,thcn he might
have stayed there year after year, and yet he would
not have acquired eitr/enship nor the light to be
regarded under the Constitution as a native. We
have his solemn declaration hete that he went
there for the purpose of remaining, and that, to
my mind, is and should be conclusive of the ques-
tion, as we liave nothing else to countervail that
statement,and nothing to impeach the veracity of
the gentleman who lias been presented here by
this constituency as worthy to represent them.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. \ I would
ask the gentleman where the claimant's family
was ?
Mr, MAYNARD. They were with him, I
understand, in North Carolina.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Was he
keeping house in North Caiolina?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 understand not. I un-
derstand that he was boarding while m North
Carolina. The gentleman fiom Massachusetts
has heard him say that he was negotiating for a
house there, but had not completed the negotia-
tion at the time he became a candidate and was
elected; and he tells me that more than half the
time he was there he lived in a hired house, and
kept house, as the saying js, with his family and
servants. So that upon that point I think that the
conclusion of the committee is not well founded.
The facts disclosed in regard to this election
are these: that after we had obtained possession
of several counties in this congressional district,
the loyal people there, of whom we have known
all the time there were many, desired to have a
Representative in Congress. They discussed the
matter among themselves as to how they would
embody their wishes so as to designate a man for
the place. They finally embodied their wishes in
the form of a petit ion addressed to the provisional
or military governor asking him to designate a
time when they might meet at the polls, and he
designated the 1st of January. They met at the
polls on that day, and they elected tins gentleman
by a veiy huge lelative majority.
Now, the committee make a point upon the fact
that in all something less than nine hundred votes
wcie polled. 1 will notgo over that ground again.
[ discussed it with care—with more care than abil-
ity, I admit—in the case of the gentleman from the
first district of Virginia. That is a point upon
which I have had very decided convictions, which
I have attempted, not as successfully as I could
have wished, to impress upon the House. There
is a great deal, let me suggest to the House, in
what has been said by the claimant in relation to
the character of the canvass. He tells us that
many people said that Mr. Pigottwould be elect-
ed anyhow, and that it was unnecessary, there-
fore, for them to go to the polls. We know as a
matter of fact—s\ve are all conversant enough with
elections to know—that it is only in doubtful con-
tests that a full vote is ever brought out. When
an election is ex parte, in fact or in substance, we
know that a very small proportion of the voters
go to the polls, none excepting those who find it
perfectly convenient to be present. Well, if we
may judge by the sample we have had of the op-
ponent of this gentleman, I believe a former ap-
plicant from the same district, we can infer very
readily that the statement made here is literally
and strictly true, and that, as between the two,
there was no question and no manner of doubt.
There is much force in the further suggestion
of the claimant that men of a'timid nature hesi-
tated to go to the polls in such an election, not
knowing into whose hands they would fall, know-
ing that if the Government were sustained all
would be right, but that if the Government failed,
then, to carry out the idea of the claimant's an-
ecdote, they were m the hands of the devil. Such
persons would naturally hesitate and falter.
Now, the question is, as a matter of policy,
shall we encourage this class of men? Shall we
bring them to us or drive them from us ? 1 beg gen-
tlemen to consider that the admission of a member
from one of the districts in a seceded State is, in
the estimation of nations abroad, of more conse-
quence to us than the gaining of a victory. We
have information to-day that upon the assembling
of the British Parliament the question of recog-
nition,of mediation, of intervention, was actively
discussed, and the opinion is expressed that if the
question were presented, it would carry in the
House of Commons. If, before we adjourn, we
shall have admitted to a seat here a Represent-
ative from another of the seceded States, as we
admitted Representatives from Louisiana the other
day, it will be an argument for our friends abroad
to use. Arguments founded on victories, upon
battles successfully fought, are liable to be over-
turned; but arguments based upon the wishes and
purposes of the people of the States included in
the so-called southern confederacy are arguments
that cannot be answered; they arc incontroverti-
ble facts. And in that point of view I beg gentle-
men not to disregard the wishes of the loyal peo-
ple of the second congressional district of North
Carolina, unequivocally cxpi*cssed, to be repre-
sented in this representative portion of the Gov-
ernment of the United States m the person of the
gentleman whose claims are now before us for
consideration.
In regard to the amendment of my colleague
from Tennessee [Mr. Clements] to the resolu-
tion presented by the Committee of Elections,
I submit that it embodies in a close, condensed
form principles which must underlie and form a
basis for the reestablishment of the Union-in the
States in which the authority of this Government
has in whole or in part been overthrown. If we
are to accomplish that great end, we must, while
we demand the obedience and duty of the citizen,
recognize his right to be represented in the rep-
resentative branch of this Government, as well as
his right to be protected in his person and prop-
erty. I trust, therefore, that the House will dis-
sent from the recommendations of the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Before the gen-
tleman takes his seat I wish to inquire in reference
to one point which, in consequence of difficulty
of hearing or perhaps want of proper attention on
my part, I did not understand. I desire to ask as
to the residence of the claimant at the time this
election took place.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will briefly restate the
facts I have already given upon that subject. I
learn from the statement of the claimant himself
that lie is a native of North Carolina, thathc has
been a member of the Legislature of that State on
perhaps more than one occasion. He came to
this city several years ago for the puipose of oc-
cupying a clerkship in one of the Executive De-
partments, from which he was removed perhaps
at the commencement of the present Administra-*
tion. He returned to North Carolina some time
in the course of the last fall. The question is, with
what mind he returned there. He has declared
here in his place that he returned with the inten-
tion of remaining and resuming his rights of citi-
zenship in-North Carolina, which he had nofrlost
