272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
recent elections in the North seems to have in-
spired him with new hope, and to have filled his
vision with dazzling pictures of future tiiumphs.
Mr. Piesident, the attack which the honorable
Senator saw fit to make upon the President and
upon his administration the other day was as
wanton and unprovoked as it was unjust and
unpatriotic. No pure patriot, who was a right-
minded man, could have uttered such a speech at
less of truth in the statements which he makes.
lie says:
'• In-stalled into office, ho betakes himself to the agreea- .. ....
b'e woikofdi<tnl)utm  office-? to his greedy follower, and !! tion of the Crittenden comnrormse. On thatnomt
mamlWts no further n.tm-t in public aflatrs than to see j h ns(>a tl)R fr,linwinc. |an^lnw>. 1
tlie
this point. The next count in the Senator's in-
dictment ia that the war is an unnecessary war,
and might have been avoided by the tinvly adop-
itss life.
Whatever mistakes the President may have
made, whatever errors of judgment he may have
committed in the prosecution of tliia war, still
the judgment of the nation is t hot his character
is Without a stain and that his patriotism is with- ij tlinin ever been born.
out blemish. The Senator knows it to be so, and jj If the Senator from Delaware had made this
whether a pretext lot war cannot be had by tvmiptiri:
speeders to stukc the first blow.''
Was ever a more monstrous/falsehood uttered
on this floor? He proceeds:
k{ It is struck, and immediately th<  cry rings thiou hont
\ the land that the lebels have flied upon the national ihiq,
; that Sumter has fallen, and that the rebellion lim.-t be
j cinched out. Seventy-five ihou.-and volunteer-. me palled
j into the field, =o<m to be followed by huh' a million moie,
] and ' On to Richmond !•' is the civ. War exists not by the
! act of Oongte&s, hut by thcactoi JBeauiogatd and Aluahain
Lincoln. Better, far hotter forthu countiy, had neuhei of
yet he seeks to destroy confidence in the Presi-
dent—not, as he says in his speech, from ill will
to the President, but from ill will to the cause of
freedom and his country,which thePresidentseeks
to support and advance. The Senator opens his
attack upon the. President by this ostentatious,
swaggering announcement to the Senate :
" I propose so to illumine both his and my own pathway
that even the i latest generation * shall have no difficulty
in assigning each histiue position of - honoi or dishonor.' "
Whether this speech of the Senator from Dela-
ware will live to be read by the latest generation,
I know not; but certain I am, that unless in
future times mankind shall have so far degenerated
as to have lost idl respect for truth and honor, and
all reverence for the memory of the good and the
great, his speech, if it is read at all, will only be
read to the eternal infamy and disgrace of him
who made it.
After this swaggering announcement of what
the Senator intends to do, he proceeds to frame his
indictment against the President. lie says:
'• It mu'-t have been appai cut to the Pi client, as it cer-
tainly win to everybody el-o, after his election, that unless
some mean* of pacification were adopted, that an attempt
at national dnoupnou was inevitable.
Here the Senator, in order to lay the ground-
work for the ehaiges wluch follow, is forced to
declare in substance that the determination to
break up the Union was developed on the election
of Mi. .Lincoln, Tins great fact, ho .says, was
apparent after the election had taken pluoe.
The Senator then is so hard pushed for ma-
terial against the President that ho charges him
with criminal indifference, because he did not give
some assurance to the country before he was in-
augurate d, and before he had any right to speak
officially, that the rights of the several States
would remain unimpaired. On this point, speak-
ing of the President, ho says:
lie hud been \ietonous hi the poM'ieal race fni power. ,
and could hav e afl'u d< d even to have been crenciou.-* to waul
those labosmjj umlci appn-henMonv <>| rwl to tlx m-e|ves !
fiom Ins- Administration. Bui. --n, whin lie saw tli.it the !
whole country wa. agitated and tilled with alarm, and that j!
the ivodc of disruption had in ilu't eoti:m< need, it was, ,
criminal indifference on his part to give no a<-uiance to his 11
rountijmen that the constitutional nghN of the peonle ot '
the vjvmal rftate.- f-hould bo nj.uauumd, and the Union j,
pre.scived with alj the dignity ami i.qiit- oi the \ai ll
States uuimpancd. Whue then wa> hi* U.ve lor the d
Union f}> j:
Any one can s^e how unfair this is. When a l|
person is bent on mischief, when his chief object |i
is to dcstioy and not to o-ave, it is iml difficult to '!
find some frivolous excuse as n pretext or justifi- Jj
cation for Ins course. Bet heie the Senator does '!
notfurmsh even a decent pr< text for his unpatii- 'i
otic assault upon the Presulent. Accordin°* to t he ',
Senator's code of morals, it was uinimaTm the j:
President to decline to make any statement or to !,
give an y unofficial assurances as'to what he would !'
or would not do, but to leave flic whole question
to be presented to the people of the Unitt d States
in Ins inaugural addiess. In doi «y this the Presi-
dent did piecis-ly what every Pw indent had done '
from Washington down to Lincoln. Nobody ex-
< ept the Senator from Delaware ever thought that ''
a President could pursue any other course. In- '!
deed, it would have been manifestly improper ond ii
indelicate foi him to assume to dictate to the people !!
or to define his line ofpohey until he had assumed |
the duties of his high office, and then only under jl
the sanction and the solemnity of his oath". But. I)
as I-have said before, a man bent on mischief will *{
cavil and find fault with anything, Mr. Presi- i'
tient, as the Senator advances in his attack upon !|
the President, he grows-mors and more bold ij
more reckless—until at last he is utterly regard- ii
! statement in the heat of debate, and under theex-
i citement of the moment, there might have been
| some little excuse or palliation for it; hut such
! was not the case. This falsehood is embodied in
a carefully written speech.
Here the Senator deliberately declares that,
after the inauguration of the President, the only
interest wluch he manifested in publicaffairswas
to see whether a pretext for war could not be had
| by tempting the secedes to strike the first blow.
j And again, ho says that Beauregard and Lincoln
i commenced this war. I do not lib* to say harsh
| thingsof a Senator upon this floor. I have no taste
; for such conflicts, and underother cucunistances
: I should shiink fiom giving utterance to my
| thoughts; but in a time like this, every man is in
I duty bound to speak plainly, and, so help me
| God, I intend to do it.
| Nov,*, sir, when the Senator thus expressed him-
, self, he uttered and sent out to the count!y what
; was untrue; and if ho had taken one moment for
i reflection, he must have known it to be untiue. , .   _
Sir, thn South had been preparing for war two ij party had the power to do it. But instead of at-
. months before the inauguration of Mr. Lincoln, ii tempting to conciliate the different sections of the
Theiebcls had seized on the forts, arsenals, mili- jj country, that patty took the directly opposite
tary stores, vessels,monoy, treasure of the United I; course. If my memory serves me correctly, the
Slates, before the inauguuUion; and they openly j' Senator was a delegate to the Democratic conven-
deciared that war would necessarily follow if the tion at Charleston' in the sprin* of b°GO. That
he uses the following language:
" Mi. President, thi^ war was cither necessary or it was
unne.ce^aiy. If necos-s.uy. it wa? only so for the puipo«,p
oi preserving the national existence and the constitutional
rurntsjof tue people. It nuin-penjablo for those pinp<^e,?
it was justifiable. If not *o ii<di-pcn^abk\ it was a erinvj!
Was it ncces>-aiy? Could the Union have iK'cn preserved
and the constitutional r'.ffhts of the people be maintained
without a re.-oit to aims? He who a^scits the contKu-y
falsifies histoiy, and attempts an imposition upon public
cieduh'y. The^e are the only legitimate objects for which
this war could have been incepted, or for winch it can now
oi could at any time be waged. It is folly to say that the
people ot the revolted fckate-, lhed the fn>t<*un. The ques-
tion immediately aiif-cs, could not mo occasion inducing
them, or ai/oiding tuem the pietext, if you plcasr, for &o
domic have been honoiab'y avoided by wi<o counsels? i
asMuiihat u could, and histoiy will so adjudge. When
civi,' war is certain, uule-s avci ted by a peaecable and hon-
orable adju.-tmeut of diffcn-nccs, and when such an adjust-
ment w piaeiu able, to ictusc adjustment is to act crimin-
ally. Yon know, the eountiy know**, and history will record
and lias lecoided the fact that secession nevet would have
occurred beyond the iimitsof .South Caiolma had Conciess
adopted ptoiuptly the Ciitlendcu compiomise nlea^ure•^,
winch wt'ie in -liiNt.ince nothing moie norle«;^ than a sol-
emn guarantee that the Constitution should hereafter b?
consideu'd to mean what it had been solemnly decided by
the iushc-4 legal ttibuu U already to mean. By their adop-
tion, war would have been aveiled, peace miuntaiucd,and
the Union pit-served.5'
I have partially answered this point in the Sen-
ator's speech by saying that the war was com-
menced before Mr. Lincoln was acting us Presi-
dent of the United States, and therefore lie was
in no wise responsible fin what had taken place
bofoie he held any official position. But, sir, I
think there is another and fuller answer to this.
If compromise could have prevented war, it was
the duty of the Democratic party to have made
it, if its members believed it to be just. That
convention tepiesented a party containing nearly
a million moie voters than the Republican party
i! possessed. 11 was a Oit W V Will nil . if u n i !\f>rl. micrht
Government undertook to recover its property, or
to exercise any dominion or control o\ei it. Al-
leady jiad they find upon avessel beaiingtho j! possessed. 11 was a party which, if united, might
flag ol tin: Limed States, while on her peaceful Jj liave elected a President, and thus have saved tiie
mis-von to Fort Sumter. Already had they seized : j South from the hum ilia tion, if, indeed, it was such,
levenue cutter William Aiken, and appropri- > of submitting to the rule of a Republican Admin-
i her tn t no i I«5c o J* 1 h n v/ilinl n n tnr Tit r. .-.-v-wc '' r - '
tllf
ated her to the use of the rebel navy. The arms
and munitions of war in the forts of the South had
been seized by the rebels and placed in the hands
| of their army.
j As lar back as the month of January precodin0-
the date of the inauguration, Robert Toombs dc-
| clared, in a speech in :he Senate, m the presence
: and hearing of the Senator from Delaware, that
I tin y (the South) w-.-ie
. ' piepdii d An the a:bui.imctu of the svvord ; and now 3-011
■ sec tijo t'lnroi-nij hajoncf, and you hear the namp or" armed
I men tn>m 'hi* Capitol to the Rio Oiand<\ It m asuda that
gladdens 1he evus and chceKs the jjoai!-; ofotlxr imJjton.s
icady to hccond them ''
is! ration.
j 1 now say to the Senator from Delaware that,
, admitting his proposition to be true, that compro-
■ nuse would have prevented war and saved the
i Union, why was he not engaged in this great pa-
t ti iotic work at Charleston r HVhy was hi# pai ty
i bent upon its own destiuction, if it was not for
; the putposc uf destroying the Union? I have
j never henul that the Senator put forth any stren-
i uons cflortsat the Democratic convention to pre-
j vent the breaking up of that party and the con-
i sequent election of a Republican President. Sir,
j the Democ,raticpaity destroyed itself fur the very
I think the Senator heard Wigfail insuhingly |l P'1i;t,0S(r .oi flestroyiug the (iovemment.
docl ire that " )j but tins is not all. This Crittenden compro-
TS)o ftdr ofihc TV  ,t .WKr,c.,l „,tr> Chtul.'stoa har- !' wlwcH the Senator says would have saved
ived a blow jilanteil m l in the tace. and st.i«g( red I e *Jl!r10iJ' tiie division Ot all the present and
future Territories of the Union on the line of 36°
bor.
out oin tiag Im-j h. i n in.^iln ii; ledic^s it n' you daie.
You li.'ve snhmit'ed to - tun two month-, and \ou vviil sub-
mit to it fojcvoi
aO', and the allotment of all south of that line to
P. . s!avei7- This pioposiuon did not differ maten-
.!?" J ?°U these things? The | oliy from those pioposed in Congress at different
was !| times wh^n the Democratic party was in power,
,.1 ,0 '! owl Werc universally rejected by that party.
! Senator is perfectly familiar with them all'
, fie re, an actor upon the sta^o at the tune, anil is
■ perfectly familiar with all the shifting scenes of i
; this grand drama. Knowing these frets, as he did :
. know them, how could he so far foigct himself, !
. howcouhl he so forget the proprieties of the place
; and the exigencies of the hour, as to state that the j!
J President was seeking a pretext *or war hy temnt- |!
mg the rebels to stnke the fust blow? How, !}
| und'-i such circumstances, could hi: state that Lin- j
| cohj and Ueauiogard brought on the wat ? There
1 one excuse, but un> explanation of it all. j
1 We believe the Senator to be ordinarily intelli- j
! gent, and that his memory is as good as that of |
! othei men; and if it is, I solemnly believe that it :|
. was his dehbt rate purpose to send out to the conn- j!
try a falsehood to deceive the public mind in order |
to degrade the President in the estimation of the j!
people. I can come to no other 1 onclubion; to do ! >
so would be an imputation upon the Senator's in- ■;
telligence. jj
Mr. President, I cannot longer dwell on i!
and which
Tin's {imposition was, 111 effect, made in tlie
House of Representatives in January, 1847, as an
amendment to tho Oregon bill, and it was voted
down by a vote of—yeas b'2, nays 114; but five
northern Demociats voting 101 it. Again it was
brought up in tin. Senate the next session, August
10, 1848, and passed m that body by a vote of 33
to 21; but it was lejected in the IIouso of Rep-
resentatives by a vole of—yeas 8:3, nays 121: but
three or four iiurihem Democrats voting for it.
Here I may remark that the Domoeiatic party
had, before tho election of Mr. Lincoln, inaugu*
iated a new doctrine, which was utterly incon-
sistent with the Crittenden compromise—a doc-
trine which carried slavery over all the Territories,
and hence they absolutely refused or neglected to
puss that compromise when they had tiie power
tf\c^so  they had determined to break up
(his Government.
But, Mr. Presid.nt, aside from this, I think that
