THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 23,
secretary. We did not hear until this report was
made that he intended to make North Carolina
' his permanent residence. If I am not mistaken
he acted foi two or three months as the private
secretary of the military governor of North Car-
olina. 1 know it depends upon the auimus with
which he went there. I know it does not require
a residence there for any length of time. If he
goes there for the purpose of making it his per-
manent abode, he cuts himself loose from his for-
mer residence, and, having no intention of retui n-
in£ from the time he anives there, he becomes an
innabitanit.
But the question is, with what animus lie went
there; and we are to ascertain that from what he
said and did there. We cannot determine it from
the views which he may hold now with the light
of this report before him; for I know that he lias
worked Hiimself up to-day into the belief that after
all ho did intend to remain there. But before the
committee the ground taken was, that to live in
this city eleven year#, to become a permanent
householder hero, to participate in the exercise of
the elective franchise here, did not divest him of
his citizenship in North Carolina, because he was
born there, and had once a residence there. He
contended that he did not lose that citizenship by
the course he pursued here. But that pretense
faded away in the light of the Constitution, and
of the decisions of this House, and of every court
which has had occasion to decide what the word
44inhabitant" means.
Mr. CLEMENTS. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he has not the evidence in his
committee room that Charles Henry Foster, the
contestant in this case, way gui'ty of falsehood and
fraud in reference to imitteis before the commit-
tee ?
Mr. DAWES. Chailes Henry Foster is a mite,
is a shadow, and the committee have reported to
that edoct on his claim to this seat. The com-
mittee are not tumbled with Charles H"nry Fos-
ter half as much as my fi lend from Tennessee is.
Mr. CLEMENTS. Mi. Foster is the con-
testant in this ease, and Ptlunk it is a point of
great interest that the House should understand
' that fact.
Mr. DA. WES. The committee does not report
in favor of Charles Henry Foster. They have
done nothing which woulJ not have been incum-
bent upon them to do had Charles Ilenry Foster
remained m North Carolina—which would have
been very agreeable to che committee. They have
done nothing, and they have omitted nothing, in
the examination of thus easi , which they would
not have done or omitted to do if they had not
been troubled with the light of his countenance
again. Indeed, he got a little angry with the com-
mittee because th**y would not let him talk longer.
I do not think that the gentleman from Tennessee
should put this case upon the met its of Charles
Jlenty Foster. It is due to the claimant heie
that his cane should be put, upon its own merits.
Mi. MAYNARj). I desire to say a woid upon
thih point of residence. The claimant has.stated
heie that he went to North Carolina with the in-
ternum of icmaining. I understand that before
the Committee of Elections he insisted that he
had always been a citizen of North Carolina; that
his coming here and holding office and occupying
such property as he mi<rht have, did not takeaway
his North Carolina citizenship. While that might
or might not be a tenable position, did he say any-
thing inconsistent with his declaration that he
went haek there intending to remain in North
Cai olma'
Mr. DAWES. Thecommittee took this course:
they n^ked him how he came to go there, what
he did when be got liieie. They sought ftom
his acts to find our snnv interpretation of his
motive?*. They thought U would be putting a
pietty seveie test to any man to ask him directly
as to ins intentions, when he came to understand
that the whole qui sfion rested upon his motives.
W<- thought it a betrer way to arrive at the exact
truth to ask him what he did when he got there;
wh' iher ho look 4 ny steps towards obtaining a
permanent residence there; whether he had pro-
niM'd a place of abode; whether he did anything
more than become a boarder; whether ho entered
in'o any employment besides that of private sec-
retary to the military governor of North Carolina.
Ail these questions \v> thought to put to him be-
fore we put the direct question as to his intent.
He fell back,however,as I have stated, upon the
ground that it was no exercise of citizenship to
vote for mere municipal officers in tins District.
I am not ceitam whether we put the question di-
rectly as to whether he intended when he went
there to be a permanent resident.
If there is anything in this idea of inhabitancy
being, as is reported in some of the books, only
a locality of existence, why then Mr. Pigott was
eligible, if that be so, if my friend and 1 happen
to be absent from our State and have a locality
here, we would be ousted from our districts at
home. If I happen to be in New York on election
day, my locality of existence would be in the
wrong place, and I would lose my eligibility to
office in the right place.
But that is not the meaning of inhabitancy. It
means taking upon one's self the duties and ob-
ligations of a citizen of the State", and the intention
to remain. I think there can be no doubt about
that.
If thecommittee are wrong, then I ask the House
to say by their votes whether they will install a
man in office here as a Representative who comes
chosen by two counties and one precinct only,
out of eleven counties—the others being bound
hand and foot, so that they could neither express
their choice or protest against this? Now I hope
the vote will be taken.
The question recurring upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Clements,
M r. CLEMENTS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays w< re not oideied.
The amendnu nt was not agreed to.
The report of the committee was then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the repoit was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
I Air. xMOllltlLL, of Veimont, fiom a commit-
I t-V' of conference, made the following lepoit:
i The I'omiinitn' oi confeionee upon ihc di*n<iro< ins votes
I of the tivo IhmM"1 on the amendments to the hill (11. U No.
| G3.S) making apptopnanon* for the legirdattvo, executive,
! and judicial expense* of the Government loi thejeai end-
I nig 30th of June, JSG-1, havlmr mot,after lull and Iree oon-
| ferencc, have agreed to iccommend and do recommend to
| their respective Mouses follow-.:
That the. Ilou-c recede fi«m their disagreement to the
Senate's, first and sixteenth amendments, and agiee to the
' name.
I That the leeede fiom their di-agteement to the
( Senate'-? thiitecnth amendmenr, and agiee '<> the f-ame with
j the following amendment: in line tluiteen of said Senate
| amendment, strike out the woid ''eighty" and insert "nine-
J ty."
j That the IJiuKe leeede fiom their disagreement to the
I Senate's fi.teeiah amendment, and asjrec to the sime with
i the following amendment* : in-eti at llie end ol line sixteen
! ol f-aiii Senate amendment, •' in the olive ol the Filth Au
! ditor of the Tiea-uiv, wee eleik ol cia--1 tout, two of class
j tinee} loui of ela?<s two, thirteen of el as-, one, and m\ eopv-
j in  eleiks .it an annual -alaiv of $600 each."
In line toity-one, stnke out the woid " lor," and in line
foity two -ti Ike out the word " elei ks win revent oeem.- ;
J in line torty-M.v, -mite out the word " foi " whete it oeeui •*
! the -e< ond tune j aftei the woid "■live" m-eit "additional,"
and at the end of -aid line stnke out the woid '• c!eik«,"
and also Ptnke out said woid wherever it oecni-. m line
forty-seven. Strike out all of line* fifty-two, fifty-thiee,
and fifty-tour, and in&eit in lien thereof:
" In the office of tin1 Seeretaiy of War, clerks of elas«
fotn, and ei«£ht ofelavsone. In the olhce oft he Chief ot Oid-
nanee in ihe VVai Depai tment, three eleiks ot das* four, and
avcnlj of class one In the ofhee oi the Admtant (Jeneial,
eight elciksof ela-s two, and t wniv ofela-s one. In the of-
fice o! the Commissiy Geneial, twelve cletks ot class one,
and one laborei at a sahuy of.^'600 per annum. In the office
of Suigeon General, one clerk of class four, one of ehis^
thiee,.tu o of class two, and tweim -one ofela^s one. In the
office of Payniavtei Geuei.it, four c!ei k ^ oOU-s threo, and
sivteen of Ha-** one ; and in the office ol the Chief Engi-
neer, two clerkb ot eia^s one."
J.S.MORRILL, ^
R. E. FENT<>N\ *
C. L YALLANDIOIKM,
ftTana*cri upon the -part of the House.
i .1. COLLAMER.
J W. XESMIT1I,
IK A i!A UKIS,
Manayr* upon ihc part of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. That the House
may understand what has been done by the com-
mittee of conference, I desire to state that the
clause in the bill as it o* iginnlly passed the House
appropriated the sum in gross of $130,000. The
Senate reduced the amount to $b0,000, and di.s-
H tnbuted it. By the report of the committee of
|i conference, the nmountremains distributed, but is
|i increased to $115,000, that being a reduction of
I $15,000 from the amount originally appropriated.
The other important paint of difference botweon
the House^nd the Senate was in relation to the
question of mileage. There was a provision in
the hiii as it went from the House under which
Senators could not receive more than ten cents a
mile for their travel in coming to Congress nt its
next session. It did not propose a general reform
in the mileage of Senators and members of the
House of Representatives, but it only prevented
Senatois at the next session of Congress from
receiving more than ten cents per mile. The
committee of conference endeavored to make a
compromise by which a permanent reform should
be cfiected and mileage should be reduced to
twenty-five cents per mile; but after full confer*
ence upon the subject, tt became evident that the
bill must be lost or that the House must ler.ede
from its position and adopt the amendment of the
Senate, and that if any reform was to be effected
at all, it must be effected by an independent meas-
ure and not connected wi'h an appropriation bill.
Thecommittee thought fit, therefore, at this stage
of the proceeding.-? to recommend that the House
recede from its disagreement to the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How is the sum appropriated
for the Agricultural Department distributed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ninety thou-
sand dollars are appropiiated in gross:'$20,000
for the purpose of experimenting with flax, $3,000
for experiments with tobacco, and the balance for
other purposes.
Mi. P1ICE. Is this the bill that contains the
inciease of salary of the Assistant Secretary of
State?
Mr. MORRfLL,of Vermont. The bill origin-
ally contained that proposition, but by agreement
of the committee of confi renee it has been stricken
out. 1 lmw move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof I he report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. Task the unanimous consent
of the IIousu to consider the amendments of the
Senate to the naval appiopiiation biil, in order
that we may get a committee of confeience.
Theio was no objection, and the House pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the Senate.
First amendment:
Page 1. line eleven, after Hjo word " purchase" insert
"and building s-oihat the chaw; will lead:
For the puichase and building of additional steamer*, re-
pans ot same, chaiterof vessels, oxtia iahoi and materials,
and repaiiaof ves-cN on toreign station?, ;$8,2ot),000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
In the same clau&e, btrike out " ^3,230,000" and insert
"$13,000,000/*
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third and fourth amendments:
in line fifteen, aftci the woid " for" insert " two," and
strike out in the ^iiiiii1 line twelve,'' and insert " of the
fii! l cla~ , three;" so that the clau-e will I ead :
Foi two aimoi-plated bea >tcainers ot iron, of the first
cia^, §3,000,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in these amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
fltuke out the pioviso to the above clause, which is as
tollovvji:
Pwnde<?> That no contract shall he entered into for the
eou>tiuetion of said vssch until ptopo^aH have heen so-
licited liom the puncipdl icon ^htp-lunldet*, and -hall be
made upon the mo^t favoiahle term*; a< to eo-t and time.
And niseit in lieu thereof the following:
Fiorith'd. Th.it no contract shall he entered into foi the
enn>truetion of said steamers until plan- and -.peeirientions
therefor have heen submitted to a hoaid of three skillful
naval offieeis, and approved by said hoard ; and the same
?imli then he built upon oontiact, after public advertise-
ment foi proposals to build the same, made aecordtng to
law.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended Hofi-ocncufrena^
