1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the bill as
it passed the IIousc provides that private notice
shall bo given to the builders of irnn vessels, while
the Senate amendment provides that no contract
shall be given out until after proper advertisements
for proposals according to law.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Indiana
is right. 1 am myself somewhat disposed to agree
to life amendment of the Senate; but the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means thought it would be bet-
ter to let the matter £o to a committee of confer-
ence, who could adjust it properly.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Page 2, strike out lined nineteen, twenty, and twenty-
one, which art; as follow-?:
For oidnance .nut oidnance stores, including incidental
expense*, $7,110,000.
And insert m lieu thereof the following:
For cannon ot all descriptions, field and boat howitzers,
gun-can tildes  hot. shell, and equipment ot all kind; pow-
dei, purchase of niter, small-arms. mdnance labor at navy-
yard-!, freight, tian^poitation. book-, inspecting monu-
ments, watchmen, assistants toi {.Uuicationand inspection
ofguns, and contingent expenses ul ordnance and Ordnance
Bureau, $0,300,000.
Pot thice powder tugs at Boston, New Yoik, and Phila-
delphia, and iepairs of oidnance steamboats, $10,000.
Foi repairs and additions to oidnance machinery in
shops, and for magazines and repairs and additions thereto,
@150,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment svas disagreed to.
Seventh amendment:
Page 5, line twnniy-one, after the word ''furniture"
wheie itliist occurs strikeout uJuunture foi offieeia' quar-
ters. "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Eighth amendment:
On page 0, at the end of line four, illicit as follow* :
For construction of marine bun neks at Mare Island, Cal-
ifornia, $100,000, or so much thereof as may he necessaiy:
Provided nevertheless, That said money Miall not be ex-
pended until plans foi said banacks shall have been sub-
mitted to and iippioved by the Secietary of the Navy.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was disagreed to.
House of Representatives as heretofore, and the additional
midshipmen tor the next cla*s shall be appointed on theirec-
ommendation ot the mcinbeiB and delegates to this Con-
Ninth amendment:
For rebuilding porter's house at the Portsmouth navy-
yard, $'2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was agreed to^j
Tenth amendment:
Same page, strike out after the word <k dock,''in line sev-
enteen, to and tncludingthe woul*' building," in line nine-
teen, a< follows:
For building a floating or sectional dock of sufficient ;
size and capacity tor lading any vessels now building. j
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- |
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Tins is the sectional dock
in New Yoik, inserted by the House for the new
vessels budding.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Same page, line twentv, strike out the words " bakeiy
and machinery" in the appropriation for the New York
navy-yard.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Same page, m theolauie makirlgan appropriation for the
New York mtv\-yaui, line twenty-thiee, alter "kind-/'
strike oul " $1,213,003," and insert in lieu thereof
<'$433,003 "
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence m the amendment.
The amendment was non-coirurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Pa«e 9, line twen'v-two in the paing*-aph   for prepaiirtg
for publication the American Nautical Almanac, $25,880,"
fcti ike out <k$2.\£80," andinseitin lieu thereof
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence. _ ,
The amendment was concurred in. !
Fourteenth amendment: ;
Strike out the following section of the bill. _ j
Sko. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That hereafter, while j
the rebellion lasts, theieshaH bp one additional midshipman !
appointed for each coiigiessional district m the loyai States, |
to be recommended by the members* oi delegate* 0f the i
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Add at tiu> end of the bill as follows:
jind.be it further enacted. That the second section of the
act entitled "An act tor the temporaiy increase of the
Navy," appioved July 21, 1861, shall be so construed that
the tempoi arj appointments made or which may be made
of acting assistant paymasters and acting ensigns are hereby
ratmed and continued as temporary acting appointments
until the return ol the vessels in winch they aie respect-
ively employed, or until the suppression of the present re-
bellion, as may be deemed necessary; and the rate of com-
pensation allo wed for the seveial grades specified is hereby
legalized and appioved.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment;
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
Jlnd heit fut titer enactnl, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, ami he is hereby, authorized to purchase, in such man-
ner as he ma) deem m<Mt advantageous to the Govei iimeitt,
the tlour required lor Navy use, and to have the bread tor
the Navy baked from this flour by special contract under
Navy inspection
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill as follows :
be it fui thei cnactcd, That eveiy assistant paymaster
attached to a vessel ol'wat shall be allowed a clvrk, with the
compensation and pt ivilenes which would be. given by law
to the clerk of a payma-toi if attached to the same vessel:
Provided, That cleiks shall not be allowed to paymasters
oi assistant pavinastCH in vessels having complements of
lest than one huiulied, except in supply steameis and store-
ships.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like some expla-
nation of that amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment looks upon
its fiist appearance as if it increased the expense,
but such is not the fact. It simply dignifies some
of the persons now in the employ of these pay-
masters. It places them more peifcetly under
military rule, but does not interfere with or in-
crease the pay. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire if these
paymasters of the Navy now have clerks?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, they have clerks,
but they are employed by them under a special
regulation of the Navy Department. This amend-
ment simply recognizes tliem as officers, butdoes
not increase the expense.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Add at the end ot the bill as follows:
Jiiut hi' it fnthn cnucted, That the "Act to increase and
re«'ii!ate the pay ot the Navv of the United State*," ap-
proved June j, Id60, be con-uued as it respects boat-
hvvains', gunners, cai|i':utet«j and saihnakers oi the Navy
cw to allow those odiei'ii Mich arrears of pay or diften'iice
of pay as they would be eutnled to had their sea scrvicc
been computed from the dates ot their appointments or
iMiiry into the mm vice ot their respective grade*, instead of
the dales ot their wairant^.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was c.oncuned in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Amend the title of the bill so ns to make it read
as follows:
■111 act malum; appiopiintions fertile naval icrvice for
tlii? year endiii;; June 3D, 1M54. and lor oilier purposes.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate having been all
disposed of, .
Air. STEVENS moved that a committee of
conference he appointed on. the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill.
The motion %vas agreed to; and
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Stuveks. Sedowick, ami Holman as such com-
mittee on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
ioiled' Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles-, to which the Speaker thereupon
affixed his signature: ,
An act (H. R. No. 722) to establish certain poet
roads; _ ■ "
An act (H. R. No. 448) for the relief of Colonel
Joseph Paddock-, \
An act (S. No. 486) to provide a National cur- i
rency secured by a pledge of United States .stocks,
and to provide for the circulation arid -redemptioH
thereof; and ' ' •
An act (H. II. No. 267) to divide the Statfe'Of
Michigan into two judicial districts, and to pro-
vide for holding the district and circuit, courts
therein. conscription bill.
The SPEAKER stated the next businessin or-
der to be the consideration of Senate bill No. 511,
for enrolling and calling Jut the national forces,
and for other purposes: postponed on Saturday
until this day at one o'clock.
Mr. OLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from New York
allow me to offer a verbal amendment to the bill?
Mr. OLIN. So far as I am concerned, I-prefer
not to open the bill to amendment.
Mr. COX. I meiely wish to offer the amend-
ment. I do not propose to debate it now.
Mr. OLIN. 1 understand what the gentleman
proposes lo do, and it is the very thing I obfeM
to. I object to the offering of any amendment rtt
this stage of the proceedings.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman-allow we
lo ask whether it is intended to allow this bill to
be open for debute or amendment?
Mr. OLIN. 1 was about to declare my purpose
so far as I am concerned in reference to the con-
duct of this measure—of course the House will
adopt sue!) proceedings as it may see proper—and
if the gentleman will listen for a moment, he will
understand what that purpose is.
This bill, I doubt noCisregarded by every mem-
ber of this Mouse as of the utmost possible im-N
portance. We are approaching 'very near the
close of the present session of Congress. This
bill must be passed by this House speedily, if
passed at all.
Now, the course I propose to pursue is to move
to commit the bill to the Committee on Military
Afl'uiis, and on that motion to permit discussion
upon the merits of the bill for a reasonable length
of time; then after such discussion, if I can obtain
the floor, I propose to withdraw that motion, and
to ask the House to vote upon the bill as reported
from the Senate.
My reasons for adopting this course are simply
these: the bill, in some of its details, I consider
more or less imperfect; but all these details are
of minor consequence when compared with the
great importance of the measure itselt; and so far
as these details are concerned, if any of them are
objectionable, they can very easily be remedied
by a supplemental bill. These detects or imper-
fections are, in my judgment, of infinitely less im-
portance than that this measure, or one substan-
tially like this, should be secured and passed into
law by the present Congress. 1 am, therefore,
not willing to hazaid the loss of a bill which I
deem so important by opening it to the various
propositions which may be made by way of amend-
ment to this bill. The Committee on Military Af-
fuirs have carefully considered this measure. It
has been a measure of vital, interes't from the com-
mencement of the session to the present hour. Our
attention has not been diverted from this measure
since the commencement of the session.
Now, although the committee would, if the
time permitted, alter some of its minor provisions,
yet I think as a whole they agree with me in the
propriety of asking this House to pass tins bill
without amendment, and thus to secure with cer-
tainty the measure and clothe the Government
with power to exercise this necessary authority
under the present situation of our public affairs.
I intend, if there shall be time during the present
session, to introduce a bill into the rlouse, open
for discussion and amendment, to allow us to per-
fect, if it is thought we can perfect, some of tho
details of this bill. 1 mean that the House shall
have an oppoi utility to do so if this bill shall be-
come a law.
I hope this measure \v#l meet with the appro-
bation of every man in this House. I do not ex-
pect that all will agree with the Senate as to the
details of the bill. 1 hare never seen that meas«
