276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Carlile,
CoUamcr, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foster, Hale, Harding,
Harri?, Henderson, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nes-
mith, Sherman, Ten Eyck, Wiliey, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,
Grimes, Harlan, Howard, King, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilkinson—13.
So the bi!i was passd.
PROTECTION OF OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
Mv. NESMITH. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Seriate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 430) to provide for the
protection of overland emigrants to the States and
Territories of the Pacific.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which appropriates, for the protection of
emigrants by the overland routes to the States and
Territories of the Pacific, the sum of $30,000, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War; but $10,000 of the appropriation is to be
applied to tue protection of emigrants on the route
from Port Abercrombie to Fort Benton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether we did not pass a bill at the last session
upon that very subject?
Mr. NESMlTIf. In reply to the question of
the Senator from Maine, I will state that at the
last session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress $00,000
was appropriated for the protection of emigrants
to the Pacific. That appropriation was secured
through the influence of the then Senator Baker.-
The money was not all expended during that
fiscal year. Last year there was an additional
appropriation made of $35,000. During each year
a small escort has been sent. Last year there were
two escorts. Five thousand dollars was applied
to the route for which this bill now proposes to
apply $10,000—the route from Fort Abercrombio
to Fore Benton—and the remainder was expended
on the central route. There was a small balance
of (he appropriation of the preceding year left
unexpended, and that, added to the appropriation
of $35,000 last year, was nearly, though not quite,
nil expended on the two routes. There is still
a Hmtill balance left in the Treasury. The pctual
amount is not known. This bill proposes to ex-
pend fSO.DOO on the central route, and $10,000 on
the extreme northern route through Minnesota.
There is a report on file here from the officer who
disbursed the money and conducted the escort last
year, which shows thatitwas of immense benefit
to the emigrants who wont on those two routes;
that the lives and property of the emigrants were
protected from the raids which had been usually
made by the lmltpns on defenseless parties trav-
eling; through tlmt country. J should not have
called up the lull at this time but for the fact that
if Congress proposes to furnish protection to those
peon)", it is important that the bill should be
pass"d at an early day, so that steps maybe taken
for the organization of the escort.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what committee this bill comes from.
Mr. NESMITH. J.t was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and by them reported
wi'li a r'commendation that it do pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this proposed for next
yearr I 'hd not hear the terms of the bill.
Mr. NESMITH. Yes, sir. It is proposed for
the benefit of those who ore to cross by these two
routes during the coming spring.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is during the pres-
ent year. We have already jnode one appropri-
ation for that.
Air. NESMITH. That appropriation was
made lost summer, and was expended on these
routes last summer. This bin looks to the pro-
teo.. n ofemigrationdurin; thecutai.-.s; sp:ii:;. It 'i
is important that the bill Munld pass it this Mae, 11
in order that the expedition may l-e or^ei-izr-d ' •:
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 eho.iid like to have a ij
ht'i.> more information on this suhi'ct. These Ij
billsappropriatingmonty come op 'leresumctun'.s ji
somewhat :>y surprise. We do not get fuu-ly to '
understand them. I shall not object, however,
to this appropriation, if it, is absolutely essential.
Mr. NESMITH. If there is any point on ij
which the Senator desires information, 1 shall be H
very happy to furnish it. j!
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a printed report I
on the suiya U li
Mr. NESMITH. There is no report from the
committee; but there is a long written report on
the subject now in the hands of the printer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had better
lie over until we get that report.
Mr.NESMiTH. Very well. Ishall notobjnet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
ARSENAL AT SEW TOKll.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the bill (S. No. 409) to establish an ar-
senal and ordnance depot on the tide-water of New
York harbor.
The motio'i was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of War to
procure, by purchase, in accordance with existing
law, such quantity of land and water privilege,
on and near the tide-water of New York harbor,
as may be sufficient and suitable for an arsenal
adapted to the construction of ordnance and ord-
nance stores, for a depot for the storage and pres-
ervation thereof, and for the proof and experi-
mental firing of heavy ordnance; and also to elect
on the land such buildings, wharves, machinery,
and other appliances as may be suitable and ne-
cessary for those purposes. It appropriates the
sum of $886,500 for the purchase of the land and
the other purposes stated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
IMr. FESSENCEN. I should like to have some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Chief of Ordnance has made a very full
report in favor of this location. The report is
indorsed by a letter from General Tottcn, at the
head of the engineer department, and by the Sec-
retary of War. The bill provj^es, as stated on
the face of it, for the establishment of an arsenal
in the harbor of New York. The arsenal is to be
at Hoboken. It is proposed to purchase about
one hundred and ten acres of land at Hoboken,
with a fronton the river, wh"regood wharves can
be made; and also to purchase, in the roar of Ho-
bokeu, on the maiahes of New Jersey, u tract of
laud one mile wide and six miles in length, foi the
purpose of experimenting in cannon firing. We
iiave no place in the country for that purpose at
present, and it is of great importance to obtain
one. The land can be purchased at a very reason-
able rate—twenty dollars an acie. Then it is pro-
posed to purchase a lot of land connected with it,
or near to it, at a cost of about two hundred and
fifty dollars an acre, for the erection of manufac-
tories. The opinion is that we need a place ot
that kind. I nave no doubt that if we had had
such a place at the opening of this rebellion, it
would have been a saving to the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'How long will it take to
get it in operation ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It ii r.ii
estimated for here: j
T/ie detail anil explanations oi'tlie forgoing estimate
arenas follows, namely:
For the pureha'-o oi -!iC3 for an nr-;ena! an'd depot of ord-
nance stoics m New Jersey,adjacent to the haibm of New
\ oia, am! lor commcnehi" the erection of wharves and
buildings thcicon, namely:
I"or three thousand lineal toot of water front on the Hndpon
uv-1!, n^ar Hoboken, tor whai ves anddock-j, at fit"ty-t!m>e
dollats per loot 5}-io0,000
J' or tiity aeies of land i> nig next to the water fiont,
at pel acie '.  230,000
Foi'ux.y aeicsof landon the adjacent liigli mound,
at $:i,5Uu per acre.   210,000
For one bundled and >il,v ncros of ground, near
KewaiU, tor drs'jiial btnidinijs and workshops, at
5'J5i) per acre  37,500
Tor .oar thousand acie3 salt inaisli fi-u-. for exper-
imental artdl'ny filing ground';, and tor esmnow-
der magazines, at twenty ilol'nrs per acre..'  80,000
„ AMnnnt-Vh-id  680,500
r or bunding ivbai yes and. dock';, and for common-
etnft the •.,: mon ot -torelioiise*:, vyorkshons. and
gunpowder tar,gaines tfce.wi 200,000
SS?3,500
The land at Hoboken is now owned by one nor- 1
son; the land on the salt marsh, and the other hud j
we are desirous of purchasing, is owned by an- '
other. The report states that it is believed this
land can be bought at reasonable rates, and that
these rates are reasonable, and that this is the best
gotnt in the country at which to locate an arsenal,
leneral Tottsn gays that he hue alraedy protested
against the use of an island in New York harbor,
which was intended for fortifications, for this pur-
pose. It has been crowded upon already for ar-
senal purposes, and no more of that land can be
taken. If we are to do anything on the subject,
we must purchase some land, and this location is
certainly a good one. The land on the marsh
country, for experimental firing, is certainly set-
ter than can bo purchased anywhere along the
sea-board where it can be easily reached, and the
railroads and rivers reach both these places. They
are all on the tide-water.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not had time to read
the report to which the Senator from Massachu-
setts has alluded, and I apprehend very few mem-
bers of the Senate are prepared to take up a ques-
tion of so very great importance, appropriating
nearly a million dollars; and I therefore move that
the bill be postponed until some future day, to give
us an opportunity of investigating its merits.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to the bill going over, and I do not ask
"to have it assigned specially for any particular
day. I supposed that Senators were hardly pre-
pared to vote for it without examination, involv-
ing, as it does, a large appropriation. I called it
up to-day so that their attention might be directed
to it. I hope Senators will take occasion to ex-
amine the subject, and make the necessary in-
quiries with regard to it. I will allow it to go
over for the present, and at some future time shall
call it up for action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the further consideration of the biU
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE. I move to postpone all prior orders,
and that- the Senate proceed to the consideration of
thebill (S. No. 448) authorizing the Secretary of
theTreasury to pay totheGovernorofMinnesota,
or his authorized agent, the costs, charges, and
expenses incurred 111 suppressing Indian hostili-
ties within that State, and upon its borders, in the
year 18G2.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the Governor of the State of
Minnesota, or his duly authorized agent, the
costs, charges, and expenses properly incui red by
that State in suppressing Indian hostilities within
the State and upon its borders in the year 1«G2,
to be settled upon proper vouchers, to be filed
and passed upon by the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has that bill been reported
from a committee ?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir; from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have some
limit as to the amount placed in the bill. It seems
to Pic that a bill of this kind ought not to be passed
wiihiint 'no giavest consideration. It may in-
volve, and ^probably will involve, many millions
of dollars. The phraseology is very loose. There
is 110 fixed rule of compensation. The whole thing
is left open. It seems to me we should not pass
a bill of this kind without consideration; and I
theretore move to refer it to tiie Committee on
the Judiciary. I think it ought to have certain
limitations.
Mr. COWAN. The Department should settle -
the bills, and then ask us to appropriate the money.
Mr. RICE. I regret that my friend from Ohio
should offer any objection to this bill. At the last
session of Congress, a bill, worded precisely like
this, was passed, involving millions of dollars, to
indemnity all tiie States for expenses incurred 111
suppressing the rebellion. There was 110 amount
named in that bill, nor is there ill this bill, because
the accounts are to he all audited at theTreasury
Department.^ I have here a letter from the ex-
ecutive of Minnesota, in which he estimates that
the expenses will be from two hundred to two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. I should like
to have it read.
1 lie VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
State of Minnesota, Executive Department,
n c Saint Paul, December 24,150:2.
ueabbie: The amount of money the State will be called
upou to dishiirsf. on account of lh« expedition to defending
