1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
the people from the attack of the Sioux Indian?, from Au-
gust 18,18G2, to date, can of cour?e only bo approximately
stated.
Some time since I wrote the Secretary of War, inclosing
hnn the cs.tim.ite of the adjutant genera!, p'aein^ the
amount at $200,000. Tins would he amply sufficient iorall
expenditures on account of out militia not called into the
seivicc of the United States up to the ditto of the taking
command of this depai tment hy General Pope.
But we find il impossible to make <-ueh discrimination,
and have from ncec^uy to paj, i.i the fir-t instance, all
the tranepoitauon as well ol the militia as of the volunteers
mustered into the service of the United States.
There is a. boardof Stareauditois&pccially created by the
Legislature to adjudicate upon the wai expenses,pay, trans-
position, sub^ist-'uee, bee., munitions of war, aims, &c.,
used in the Indian wai.' From their best judgment, it will re-
quite two hundred to two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
to discharge all those obligations ; and that the claimants,
many of whomaio in gieat distie^s, maysoon be able to re-
alize their pay, I tiu-a that yon will see to it that an early
oppiopriation ^ made, oud that the accounts may bo settled
upon some equitable puneiplp, for, fiom the ignorance of
many of the dtebur&iii? otiieer^, f-uddenly called from civil
life into serviec of any ioim, it tins is not allowed, much
injustice will be done.
i\?am 1 pi ay you that you will see to it that an early
nppiopuation is made.
cry respectfully, vour obedient servant,
ALEX. RAMSEY.
Hon. II. M. Rice, United States Senate, Washington.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. RICE. I hope that will not be done. I
cannot see the necessity for it. Here is a bill mak-
ing comparatively a small appropriation. The
same committee last year reported a bill, worded
precisely as this is, providing for the payment of
millions of dollars to indemnify all the loyal States
for expenses incurred in suppressing the rebellion.
There was not the same necessity for those States
to incur expenses prior to the passage of the law
as there was for Minnesota in this instance. Min-
nesota was the first State to tender a regiment to
the President, and when called upon, she filled her
quota; and when called upon again under the last
call, she had sent out three hundred men over and
above her quota. Her troops were all absent from
the State. The Indians, without any notice, then
sprang upon the inhabitants. The Governor (the
Legislature not being in session) was compelled
to resort to such means as were in his power to
save the people and their property; and I venture
to say that there has not been a dollar expended
or authorized to be expended by that gentleman
that was not judiciously expended. The teams of
many farmeis were seized by his authority, and
impressed into the service; others were employed.
In a new country like that,all are pout. This
money is needed there now very much, especially
as the citizons, aided hy contributions from abroad,
have some five or ten thousand people to support,
whose all was destroyed by this very Indian raid.
Congress at the last session passed a bill provid-
ing for the payment of perhaps hundreds of mil-
lions without one word being uttered against it;
and those claims were not founded more strongly
in justice than this one. I cannot see any good
leason why Minnesota should be singled out as.
the suiTeter alone.
Mr. FOSTER. I see no good reason, I con-
fess, why the hill should beieferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I do notsee what prin-
ciple is invoked in it that the committee should
be called upon to decide. It is a question, of
course, of amounts; and we are no mure prepared
to audit the amount winch may be due the State
of Minnesota—perhaps not as well prepared—as
were the Military Committee. Indeed, the bill
does not go upon the pi inuple that the Senate are
to audit and adjust the amount, but leaves that to
the proper accounting ohicers of the Treasuiy De-
partment. I think, however, there should be some
lestriction in the lull; and from the letter «jf the
Governor, it seems as though $200,000 would cover
the whole amount which the Suite had advanced.
I move, therefore, to amend the bill hy imyrtnig
in the appropriate place the words, " not exceed-
ing $200,000."
Mi. RICE. I am willing to accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER. I presume my motion to amend
is not precisely in otde-- at this moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. The
motion to refer i- fi.'st tn order.
Mr SHERMAN. Forme purpose of allowing
the bill i o l e perfected, I will withdraw that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut'is now in order.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that amendment, to
insert the word^, " not e-xceeding ^200,000."
Mr. GRIMES. I nvn*o to amend thatamend-
ment by nuking it £210,000; and my reason for
doing it is because I want to insert Iowa also,
which sent two or three companies into the north-
western part of the State for the same purpose
precisely, to repel the invasion which it was sup-
posed was about to extend,and had extended, m
fact, into ourState. Ten thousand dollars, I think,
will cover that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to amend theamendmcntby inserting
after the word " hundred, the words "and ten,"
so that it will read " not exceeding#310,00(1."
Mr. FOSTER. I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator that when he moves to include Iowa he may
add "a sum not exceeding §10,000." I should
prefer his doing that, because if we put the sum
here at $2]9,000it will look as if we had adjusted
it and fixed upon that sum. I have noticed that
when we have passed a bill containing a sum
which shall not be exceeded, it is frequently apt
to come up to that ex.'Ct sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope I shall not be ac-
cused of any disposition to do injustice to Min-
nesota in expressing a word or two of doubt
whether this bill should pass in its present state.
I do not know but Minnesota should be paid; I
dare say she should; how much, is a question in
my mind, Now, sir, I have noticed that there
never has been a bill woided as this is, passed in
advance to settle the claims of a State on proper
vouchers to be furnished, the execution of which
has not been attended with great complaints of
fraud before you get through it. Why, sir, we
had, in reference to the Indian wars in the State
of Oregon, a very large claim, which has finally
been adjusted, it was cut down considerably,
more than one half, if I remember rightly. It
has been so with regard to all claims of a similar
description which are placed upon this basis.
Without any knowledge of what the nature of
the claims is, in the first placc, except loose gen-
eral statements made,a bill is passed authorizing
them to be adjusted at the Treasury Department,
and then the door is open for nil sorts of claims
as they may be brought forward. There are dis-
honest men in the woild as well as honest ones,
and I take it that is the case even in New Eng-
land, which is the most correct place on the face
of the earth, and I dare say it holds good in Min-
nesota, too.
What I mean now to say with reference to this
bill, and with reference to all others of a similar
description is, that I never will vote for one of
them until the nature of the claims is ascertained,
and until a statement is made of substantially
what they are and a models provided for their
payment, and the bill specifies the time in which
the claim shall be paid, and on what sort of evi-
dence. All experience has shown lhat you can-
not get along and protect theTreasury in any other
way than that. I have protested against two or
three bills recently, not at this session, which
looked exceedingly fair on their face, which seemed
as if they were admirably guarded; and as soon
as they got into execution, we had well-founded
complaints of the enormous frauds that were at-
tempted to be perpetrated under them. In my
judgment, we must be particular m our legisla-
tion. Minnesota must do in some degree as "other
States do. It is a State claim, from necessity.
If there is any pressing necessity for the payment
of these claims, owing to the position of thu indi-
viduals holding them, she must make some pro-
vision for thtm, end then come upon the General
Government for payment. 1 will aid the Senator
fi om Minnesota to speed any piopci bill as fast as
possible; but I c mmn, from the expci ienee I have
had, consent, so iw a? my vote is concerned, to
the passage of any bill wooded m these general
terms,covrmg mei••!v Hums to be audited hoie-
aftt i without our knowing spe<. fically what is the
exact ehuiacter of thv.su chums, and some expla-
nation is had of them; and 1 warn genthmen that
if they do it, they may expect to pay, whatever
the State may do, a vust deal more than wo owe
Mr. SHERMAN. When I hoard this bill read
at the desk, 1 was satisfied that we had not usual-
ly passed bills couched in language so loose as
this. It, provides:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to the Governor of Minnesota, or his
duly authorized agent, tlie costs, charges, and expenses
propeliv incurred by said State m suppressing Indian hos-
tilities."
Suppose these Indians had destroyed a man's
house, had burned it, and the State of Minnesota
chose to make reparation for it; could they, under
this bill, get that amount reimbursed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. ' They might.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would raise a ques-
tion; and yet by the laws of nations we are not
^ound to reimburse damages of that kind inflicted
m open hostilities. The words of the bill are so
loosely drawn that almost any kind of claim for
damages to real estate, or for the destruction of
personal property, and even damages to an indi-
vidual, might be covered under this general phrase-
ology. It was for the purpose of pointing out
precisely the principles on which these claims
should be paid that 1 desired a reference of the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary. The law re-
ferred toby the Senator from Minnesota, passed
at the last session, is very differentfrom this bill.
It provides:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie Is hereby,
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay to the Governor of any State, or to his
duly authoiized agent, the costs, charges, and expenses
properly incurred"—
so far it is the same—
41 by such State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supply-
ing, arming, equipping, paying, and transporting its tioopa
employed," &c.
That is purely an appropriation for military ex-
penses, designating the character of the military
expenses, and can only be applicable to expenses
incurred in the organization and marching of
armies against the public enemy. Those expenses
the United States ought to reimburse to the State
of Minnesota. I have no doubt about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And great frauds, it is
said, were committed under that law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and feven under
this phraseology theie was gieat controversy be-
tween the States and the General Government;
there was in my own State; but th« language of
this bill, as presented by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, is much more broad. It does not
confine the appropriation to military purposes, or
to the march of armies; but it is so loose that if
the State of Minnesota should pay any charges,
any costs, any expenses that grew out of Indian
hostilities, it might be reimbursed under this law,
and the Secretary of the Treasury is bound to re-
imburse it. The only restraint in this law is the
word " properly." That is a very loose restraint,
Mr. FESSENDEN. A matter of opinion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; a mere matter of
opinion. It does not fix any rule. I think there-
fore that this bill should be referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee to fix the principle and character
of the claims, so as to confine them simply to mil-
itary claims which accrue in the organization and
marching of an army, and then X sbal! have no
objection to the bill. The State of Minnesota
is undoubtedly a loyal State, and has done good
service to the country; and I would apply the
same rule to her that f would to any other, the
most favored State; there can be no difference;
and any expenses incurred by her in organizing
a military force for the purpose of repellingan In-
dian invasion, or rather massacre, as a matter of
course ought to be referred to her. I hope, how-
ever, that the bill will be so guarded that there
will be no ground of dispute between the State
and the General Government as to the character
of the chums to be paid.
Mr. RICE. AH I ask for Minnesota is what
has been granted to other States. I think the ar-
gument of the Senator from Ohio is not applica-
ble to tint* bi'L He states that they might pay
any expenses under this bill. Now, the bill says
distinctly that this: appropriation shali he " to pay
the costs, cha i ges, and expenses properly incurred
by sa.d State m suppiessing Indian hostilities."
A chargi for a building lhat was burnt would not
be a proper churge under the terms of this bill,
and payment for damages for property destroyed
would not come under it. There is another bill
now pending befoiv the Senate for that very pur-
pose, directing that payment shall be made out of
the Indian annuities for the property destroyed by
them. This bill U worded precisely like the bid
that passed to pay 'he Suites tor expenses incurred
