1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
-ritory wherein the execution of the laws of the
United States is not obstructed by forte of arm a.
I merely wish, Mr. Speaker, to assert rights
which, before these dark days, if any nrnn had
doubted them he would have been taken for a lu-
natic. I wish to prevent the possibility of a recur-
rence of acts which, I believe, seriously endanger
the peace of the country at the North. I make
that declaration in no partisan spirit, and in no
desire, certainly, that any such consequences shall
ensue. Last year, in the city of Harrisburg, nil
the persons who were engaged in a printing es-
tablishment there were arrested and cairied off by
General Wadsworth, who held the position, mark
you, of military governor of the District of Colum-
bia. This military governor of the District of
Columbia seized at midnight, and suddenly car-
ried away with him, citizensuf Pennsylvania, who
could not, by the widest extension of his jurisdic-
tion, be considered within it. 1 have no unkind
feelings toward the distinguished gejjjtleman whom
I have named. Relations of kindness and court-
esy have existed between him sand me for a great
many years; but E will say that if his course had
been arrested in Pennsylvania, and his person,
too, had been arrested, I should certainly have
rejoiced at it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. "Will the gentle-
man be kind enough to repeat the last sentence?
I did not hear who it was that the gentleman
thought ouirht to have been arrested.
Mr. BIDDLE. I said I would gladly have seen
the authorities of Pennsylvania arrest the military
governor of the District of Columbia, when with
no color of jurisdiction he made this seszute of
citizens of that State. And, lest 1 might seem to
do injustice to the executive of Pennsylvania, a
public officer against whom I voted, against whom
I have always been in a position of political antag-
onism 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Who were arrett-
ed, and under what circumstances?
Mr. BID DUO. Pour printers; I think four.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. At what time?
Mr BIDDLE. Du ring the last year. It is quite
a notorious case. It was, I think, m the month
of September last.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gentle-
man give us the names?
Mr. BIDDLE. They were four citizens of
Pennsylvania, printer* or publishers of the Pa-
triotand Union, a paper published in liamsburg.
They were arrested by General Wadswoi th, who
went iheie in person to do it, and who brought
them with him to this cityand placed them in the
Capitol prison. I was about, m justice to the
Governor of Pennsylvania, to say that I have
been told, on good authority, that these men were
released on his demand or request. 1 use these
two phrases in the alternative, because I do not
wish to speak unadvisedly, or further than my
information warrants. They were released by
the Federal Government at the demand or request
of the Governor of Pennsylvania. The offense
was a publication alleged to have been made from
their printing office tn Ilarnsburg. It would be
an insult to the undeistanding of the House to
stop to argue the uttei illegality of this proeeduie.
The case of Mr. Boifeau is so recent that the
facts of it cannot have escaped the recollection of
any gentleman hoie. The ouler for his anest
emanated from General Schenck, whose residence
or headquarters are in the city of Baltimore. I
will adveit briefly to the circumstances of that
case. You \vill peiceive that these military oUlcers
thus exercising power are not like the old officers
of the regular Army, who had been estranged
from politics all their lives. The men now hold-
ing these military grades and exeicising these
functions are partisan politicians, acting with all
the heal and animosity of partisans against their
political opponents, and your provoct rnaisimls
will be. j
General Wadsworth is the lately defeated Re- i
publican candidate for Governor of the State of!
New York. General Schenck is a member of j
Congiess, an Ohio politician, looking fnr favor;
and preferment to the great dmpenserof patronage t
here at Washington. Does the House know what ;
the drift of the aiticle was for the publication oi
which Mr. Boileau was an< strd m Philadelphia ? j
Did you evei h<\u- wiieiem its odense consisted? j
An attack on the Government? No. Anexhorta- i
lion to resist the draft? No. An attempt todis- t
courage enlistments? No. He wrote—no, he did
not write—I believe he never wrote a paragraph
for the paper which he owned, but there was pub-
lished in his paper an article, winch was, I grant
you, in excessively bad taste, instituting a com-
parison between the literary and intellectual qual-
ities and characteristics of Jefferson Davis and
Mr. Lincoln.
Thecornparison was invidious in respect to Mr.
Lincoln. That article afforded an opportunity for
political sycophancy and courtiership, and sol-
diers were immediately dispatched to suppress the
newspaper, and to arrest this man in Philadelphia
for having dared to utter what was supposed to be,
although I do not believe it was, offensive to Mr.
Lincoln. I doubt if Mr. Lincoln himself would
have ordered an arrest for such a cause. This
man was carried off to a fortress, then? compelled
to sign an apology, and then released. Now, I
ask you whether that " lame and impotent con-
clusion" is not a sufficient commentary on the
whole transaction ? A citizen is seized, carried out
of the State,i% the freedom of the press abridged,"
in despite of the Constitution, and all this for an
offense that could be expiated by an apology.
Mr. VCRIIEE. I desire to ask my colleague
a question.
Mr. BIDDLE. My friend knows I am always
glad to do anything he wishes; but I would rather
not be interrupted any more on collateral matters,
as my time is short.
Mr. VERREE. I have no wish to intrude on
my colleague's time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I know my colleague will
allow me to ask him a single question.
Mr. BIDDLE. ^ cannot now yield to this col-
league as I have just declined to yield to the other.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I only wanted to ask my
colleague to have that article rend.
Mr BIDDLE. I have no copy of it, or I would
willingly have it read if you desire it. It was
copied extensively in the newspapers when the
m lost drew attention to it. I saw it then and never
since. If any gentleman has a copy of it, 1 will
ask the Cleik to read it. Understand me, that I
said it was in excessively bad taste, condemn it
in what stronger terms you please; but it was the
sort of article which could afford no justification on
public grounds for an infringement of the liberty
of the piessorthe rights of the citizen. Pennsyl-
vania well knows how not only to protect the lib-
erty but also to check the license of the press.
She provides for both in the sixth article of her
constitution. It declares:
L< Tli m n)tut<* [)ii>nm>s Mini! he free to eveiy person who
uud'-itnice-, to examine the pioeeedinj^ of the Legislature,
oi :uiv branch ot the covei anient, ami no Jaw shall ever be
made to ie-,tuuu the light theicof The free communtea-
tioa of thoughts and opinions.^ one o! the invaluable i ighN
ot man, and eveiy citizen may fieely >peak? wtite, and
print on any subject, bcm« le.-pons-ibie foi the. abuse of that
liberty hi ptoveeutiou- (or the pubhentum ot p.ipei* m-
veMiiiatma; the official conduct ot oilicets or men in a pub-
lic e.ipacit}, or wheie the matter pubh^ied i<? proper for
public infoilaution, tiie truth theieol* may be triven in ovi
deuce, and la all indictments for libel* the jury shall have
a l to determine the law and the tacts, under the dnec-
tion of the court, as m other ea-.es.''
Yes, sir, t hey are subject for libels on public
officers to the law, nnd open trial in a court of
justice; and not to midnight abduction by Gen-
eral Schenck, or some provost marshal.
This case of Mr. Iloileau was on a par with all
the other cases of arbitiaty anest in Philadel-
phia. Mr. Charles Ingerxoll, of Philadelphia,
was I know, arn sU'd, and, I think, Mr. John II.
Cook, cashier of the Kensington Bank of Phila-
delphia, was ariestcd by a provost marshal, a
yuung lieutenant of volunteers. But the moment
that the com ts of justice took cognizance of their
cases, then was seen the extraordinary and de-
grading spectacle of the ofliceis of the Federal
Government shrinking away like felons, like old
convicts, fiom the presence of justice, and aban-
doning their prey. In every instance in which
secret abduction was frustrated they abandoned
the case. A witness to the seizure of Boileau was
kept in custody all day for fear he should apply
for a habeas corja'S.
in the case of Mr. Winder, one of my constit-
uents, 1 am not sure that anybody knows by
whose order he was airestud. The arrest was
made under a telegraphic dispatch purporting to ;
be signed by the Secretary of War. I saw ufun- j
wards a letter published in the papers, over the j
signature of Mr. Cameron* saying that he knew !
nothing at all of the arrest, and had not ordered
it; and then the arrest was attributed to the State
Department. Mr. Winder was taken to the bas-
tilo of Boston, which most inaptly bears the name
of Warren, one of the heroes'of the Revolution,
who fell in defense of civil libeity. There he was
kept many months, and was finally released with-
out any trial, without any information as to the
nature of his offense, and without his making the
slightest concession or acknowledgment, lie
came to me afterwards here, as his°Ilepresenta-
tive, for some official service, and he said to me,
with the animation of a m?n who felt that he had
been deeply wronged, " sir, if they had asked me
to swear that I would eat my dinner after 1 got
out, I would not have done it." He came to ask
me to make on his behalf an application to th«
State Department, that his books, papers, and
pictures, which had been seized at the time of his
arrest, should be restored to him. Deeming this
no more than he was in common justice entitled
to, I addressed a note to the State Department,
making that request, respectfully and officially,
and received a reply in the same style from the
State Department, to the effect " that my com-
munication was received, and had been referred
to the War Department." And that is the last
I have heard of it.
This man and others, without bearing or trial,
punished with long and painful imprisonment,
were innocent—yes, sir, innocent. I assert it not
as my mere opinion of their particular cases; I
assert it on the great principles of English and
American law, thatevery man is innocent till duly
convicted before a lawful tribunal.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I deshe, in the amendment
which I have indicated, to provide also against
invasion of the freedom of the ballot-box." The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mi. WjckliffeJ ap-
pears to have had the same object in view in the
amendment which h'* iias suggested. I am not
prompted by anything that has occurred in Ken-
tucky or in Missonn, for on a iccent occasion the
gentlemen from Missouri discussed on this floor
some of the violations of the freedom of the ballot-
box of which they were personally cognizant. It
is not my purpose to discuss matters occurring in
Kentucky or Missouri. They have able Repre-
sentatives upon this floor. 1 speak of things that
I myself know, and which I have witnessed in
my own congressional district. You are perhaps
aware that a draft wasmade in Pennsylvania, and
with greater success than anywhere else in the
United States. I believe that Pennsylvania sent
under the late draft more men to the field than any
other State, or than all the other States put to-
gether. Her number now in the field under the
draft amounts to over fifteen thousand men. The
city of Philadelphia was exempt from the draft
by reason of its having ftheady filled its quota.
Nevertheless a most extensive machinery for
making a draft there was organized at great cost
just previous to the late election in October.
You may be aware that in Philadelphia the
voting is not done at one common place of resort
to the voters, but that the city is divided into small
piecinc.ts, each of which has its ballot-box. In
my district, for example, there are say forty pre-
cincts, and m the first district there arc fifty. In
the whole city there are, in round numbers, say
two hundred precincts at which the citizens vote.
At each one of these precincts, aver each one of
those ballot-boxes there was placed a deputy mar-
shal. He was placul there under a pretended
necessity in connection with the expected draft,
which was, really, not expected. Of course his
presence there was notorious. It was heralded
by all the newspapers, and there went abroad
vague rumors of what his functions and what his
intentions were. Mr. Ingersoll, for a speech at
a Democratic meeting, had been arrested by a
provost marshal. Popular rumor said that all
persons voting m a manner disagreeable to the
authorities were to be carried off and put into the
Army; and by their rude and boisterous demeanor
towards anybody whom they thought capable of
being intimidated, these officials drove away the
timid and the ignorant from the polls. Now, sir,
as \ never like to make a statement which mcty
seem to be made in a partisan interest without
offering some proof of ir, I willsend to the Clerk's
desk a copy of the Noith American and United
States Gazette, published on the morning after
the election, it is the most respectable Repub-
