THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1863.
New Series No. 77.
lican paper of the city of Philadelphia, and it yet
retains some of that ordinal decency winch be-
longed to it as an old Whig journal.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
The attendance of deputy marshals at the poll?, how-
ever, was a splendid featuie of the election. For doing it
Marshal Millwatd deserves great thanks They know their
men; and the name of every man who voted, who is not
enrolled as subject to draft," was notified that his name
would be handed to the marshal to be added to the list.
Plenty of foreigners, old voters who had evaded the enroll-
ment, were now caught. This cau-ed them deep chagrin,
and many were detened from voting Irom this feai. Every
able-bodied man not already emolled. who vnt<-d yesterday,
will find his name added to the enrollment."
Mr. BIDDLE. Now, if you choosc to regard
my statement as a partisan statement on the-one
side, receive that as a partisan admission on the
other. The only paltry pretense for this attack
upon free suffrage was the pretended feas that
some Dutchman or Frenchman or irishman, who
had not been naturalized, but who by some re-
mote possibility might have, apparently, all the
other qualifications of a voter, should attempt to
vote; and in a pretended desire to carry on recruit-
ing for the Army to such an extent that there
shouJd be no possible escape for this imaginary
foreigner, this guardianship over the ballot-box
was instituted. I hope you will forbid these pro-
vost marshals to meddle with it. I desire, now,
in conclusion, to ask the Clerk to read the twenty-
fifth section of the bill in connection with what I
have already quoted from it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 25- Jlndbe it further enacted. That if any person
shall resist any draft of men enrolled under this act inta
the service of the United Slates, or shall counsel or aid any
person to resist any such draft, or shall assault or obstruct
any officer in making such draft, or in the performance of
any service in relation thereto, oi shall counsel any poison
to assault or obstruct any such officer, or  hall counsel any
drafted men not to appear at the. place of rendezvous, or
willfully dissuade them from the peiformanceot military
duty, as required by law, such peison shall be subject to
summary arrest by the provost marshal, and kept in con-
finement until the draft is completed, after which he shall
be delivered to the civil authorities, and, upon conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $500, or by
Imprisonment not exceeding two years, or by both of said
punishments.
, Mr. BIDDLE. I should desire, sir, to amend
that section by striking out that line which au-
thorizes the provost marshal making the arrest to
keep the party in confinement until the draft is
completed, whicl&may be quite a long time, judg-
ing from Uie time it has taken to complete a draft
in some of the States.., I would then insert the
word u forthwith," so that it shall be his duty, in
case you authorize him to make such an arrest,
forthwith to deliver the party to the civil authori-
ties, for the whole section assumes that it is in a
locality where the civil authorities are m the full
exercise of then* functions.
In conclusion, I suggest to you before you pass
this bill, that you shorten the term of service.
This period of three years is too long. I do not
think that it is consistent with the general spirit
that has governed the militia laws from the ear-
liest period in the history of our country. When
our militia has been called out it has generally
been with a view to a certain rotation which would
call out one class of citizens, and then, sending
them back, make a second draft of another class,
so that every man thus called out might be able
to look forward to a return within a reasonable
period to the ordinary duties of civil life. The
husbandman taken from his fields might hope to
return to reap the crop that he had sown. But
three years is a long chasm of absence. If there
is any stage of this bill at which an amendment
of that character can be proposed and discussed,
1 would be glad that the friends of the bill should
consider it. This is all I desire now to say.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, us Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had agreed to the second report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the executive, judicial, and
legislative appropriation bi 1.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to detain the House for many minutes, and
shall speak to the bill now before us. I feel that
77
if is my duty to give it a cordial support, and con-
gratulate the country that this conscription bill,
which places the whole power of the country
within the limits of the Constitution in the hands
of the Executive for the purpose of crushing this
unholy rebellion, was passed without a division
in the Senate of the United States. Sir, no Sen-
ator was found willing to record his vote against
the bill which is now before us. it is the evidence
of a healthy reaction in that body.
Mr. COX. I desire to correct the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I decline to yield. I de-
sired to ask a question of my colleague [Mr. Bid-
dle] just now, but I was unable to obtain the floor
for that purpose. I am always willing to extend
courtesy to others, but dunngthe ten minutes m
which I propose to detain the House I' hope 1
shall not be interrupted. I repeat I congratulate
the country that no Senator was found who felt
justified in recording his vote against this most
necessary, wise, and salutary measure. No man,
no matter whether he had sympathized with re-
bellion before or not, no matter whether his heart
had been with his country or not, felt disposed
to array himself against the hill. Such is the in-
timation that public opinion is coining round upon
the right track.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that it is not in order to discuss what has oc-
curred in the Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. CoLrAX.)
Th^Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I have said
all I desired to say upon that subject, and I am
glad that I was not interrupted in the progress of
my statement. It forms part of my speech,.and
willgo to the country. Senators made the record,
and I have only referred to that public record.
Healthy reaction is going on in the country among
Democratic politicians. Straws show the way the
wind blows, and when a prominent politician of
NevV York city (John Van Buren) repudiates his
alliance with the sympathizers with treason, when
he discovers that to oppose the Administration,
refusing to vote men and money,is to oppose the
cause of the country, I want other gentlemen to
take note of the fact, and to bear in mind that to
pursue the course which gentlemen have pursued
for the List year or two, will in the end cover them
with confusion and ignominy, and may injure
but will not destroy the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the early stages of this
rebellion it became necessary to exercise an ex-
treme power to arrest the traitors who were cir-
culating through the northern States hatching
treason and poisoning the minds of the people,
because at that time the life of this nation was in
daily and hourly peril; no man knew the extent
of the conspiracy against the Union; no loyal man
felt safe at the North or at the South; we wore
surrounded by spies and traitors everywhere.
They were in the legislative bodies of the country;
they were with the at mies in the field; they were in
every town, village, and hamlet of the North; and
I commend the President and War Department
for the vigor with which they caused tiaitors to
be arrested and incarcerated, until it could be
ascertained where the country stood, and proper
measures could be perfected for their trial and
conviction.
Sir, in all ages and under nil civilized govern-
ments there have been instances of I he exercise
of extreme power whenever the life of the nation
has been m pen!. Extieme peril makes extreme
necessity; and nations, like individuals, must act
accordingly. When theassassin enters your house
at night you do not pause to take the ordinary
measures that might be resorted to in broad day-
light and under ordinary circumstances. You
first defend the life of your family, and afterwards
take the necessary measures to convict and punish
the culprit. I commend th^ President of the Uni-
ted States and those in authority for having caused
traitors to be summarily arrested and incarcerated j
until the immediate danger was over. Who com- j
plains of all this? Does any loyal man complain I
of it? No, sir. No loyal man within the length 1
and breadth of this land complains of these so-
called arbitrary arrests. None but traitors ortheif
sympathizers complain of them, for they stand in
like jeopardy. The loyal men everywhere were
glad that these arrests were made. It was for tl^e
purpose of saving the nation and supporting the
Constitution and the laws in an hour of deadly*
peril that prompt action was taken on the part of
Government. They were made in good faith, with
probable cause, and with honest intentions. They
were made for wise ends and patriotic purposes.
Show me a single instance wherein a loyal man
was arrested, or anyone who did not deserve, for
some sufficient reason, the incarceration he suf-
fered. If errors were committed they were few,
unavoidable, and promptly remedied. The gen-
tleman [Mr. Biddle] points to a recent casein
Philadelphia, (Mr. Boiieau.) If my colleague had
produced the article which caused the arrest, and
which my colleague apologized for, saying simply
that it was " in bad taste"
Mr. BIDDLE. My colleague will not do me
the injustice of saying that I apologized for it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not do my colleague
injustice, and I desire him to hear mc. I was
saying that my colleague spoke of the article in
question as "in bad taste," simply. That is, in
substance, an apology for the article, whether he
intended it as such or not. 1 say it was a traitor-
otes article applauding a traitor's message, and con-
demning and maligning the President of the Uni-
ted States. My colleague may not have meant to
apologize for it, but he did not condemn it.
Mr. BIDDLE. Wili my colleague allow me
to 
Mr. CAMPBELL. For a moment.
Mr. BIDDLE. I merely mean to say that no
matter how much you may condemn the epithets
in this article, you will notgo further in your con-
demnation of it than I will go; but if you stuff it
full of the same sort and make it ten times as bad,
still it affords not the slightestexcuse for the mode
of procedure, the totally illegal and unconstitu-
tional mode of procedure, against the supposed
offender.
Mr. CAMPBELL. When my colleague re-
ferred to that article it would have been proper
and wise for him to have had it read at the Clerk's
desk. My colleague came prepared to deliver an
elaborate speech, and has had numerous extracts
read at the Cleik's desk; and why did he notsee
proper to have the article in question read also?
Mr. BIDDLE. I have never seen it since the
day it was published.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then my colleague should
not have commented upon it and apologized for
it as simply " in bad taste." Mr, Speaker, if I
remembei aright, it was an article in which the
message of Jefferson Davis to the bogus confed-
eracy was compared in very favorable terms wit!^
the message of the Presidentof the United States.
It was an article which no loyal man in Philadel-
phia pretended to justify or defend. It was an
article which Mr. Boiieau himself did not justify,
lie was loyal enough and wise enough to come
out, without defending the article, and state, over
his own signatuie, that it was published without
his knowledge or approbation, and that it should
not be repeated. He proved himself still the
friend of liberty, and was immediately released
on that exhibition of loyalty to the country. But
when his explanatory letter appeared, he was im-
mediately denounced by the sympathizers with
rebellion in Philadelphia and elsewhere, and stands
to-day an alien from his party, expelled from the
Democratic club of Philadelphia. I wish, Mr.
Speaker, that the article had been read here, that
gentlemen might have judged of its sentiments.
It is in vain to send an army into the field; in vain
to ask your brave soldiers to press forward with
bayonets, exposing their lives to rebel assault; in
vain to ask the mothers of the land to sacrifice
their offspring to traitors, whose hands are drip-
ping with the gore of loyal men, if miserable
sympathizers with treason can circulate their se-
ditious articles against civil liberty, and defend
the accursed tyranny of the South.
