1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other individual cases. It seems to me this is
worse.
Now, I should like some way in which this
• claim could be audited by the Governor of the
Statfi of Minnesota, or some authorities appointed
by Congress; and then when we ascertain what the
claim is, let us pay it. So with the State of Iowa.
That would be safer legislation, and would guard
against fraud. I do not mean to impute any in-
tention to commit a fraud or anything of that kind;
but the legislation which I suggest would shut the
door against it in all cases.
Mr. RICE. I stated before—perhaps the Sen-
ator did not hear it; I do not know that he was in
his seat at the time—that most of those claims had
been audited, and others are now being audited by
a board appointed by the State. The claims are
against the State: Then they have to be audited
here besides, under this bill.
Mr. (JLARK. That may be very true; but
they are not presented here; we have no oppor-
tunity of supei vising them or knowing about them.
They are scattered o\er the country; they have
gone into the hands of speculators, it may be, or
into the hands of those people who had the money,
as suggested by the Senator from Iowa, to give to
these poor men; but Congress does not know any-
thing about the amount, and cannot tell anything
about it. What I would have would be to have
these claims gathered up and the amount fairly
stated.
Mr. RICE. You have no objection, then, to
repealing the law as to other States?
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to repeal-
ing any law that is liable to so grave an objection
as this; and if I had passed a law that was \$rong,
I would not pass another, if it was open to fraud.
It is not too laie,however, to correct our practice.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand that tins lull
is fiamed very nearly like a general law that was
passed applicable to the other States upon the
first calling out of the volunteer foices. The
State of Minnesota has incurred expenses to sup-
press an Indian rebellion; and under the authority
of the State Legislature a board of auditors was
established to fix theamount of indebtedness which
the State incurred in sending troops immediately
into the field.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to j
inquire whether that amount has been fixed?
Mr. WILKINSON. I cannot tell what the
amount is; but it is being fixed. The auditor
have been appointed, and they have adjudicated
upon these seveial claims for horses, and for tho
transportation of troops, and all tho other ex-
penses incident to transporti ng our forces some two
hundred miles to the field where hostilities were
commenced. I cannot tell what the sum is. 1 do
not know anything about that. I never have seen
any report of the board of auditors; but ihatsuc.h
a board has been established in our State by the
State Legislature, and that they have been in ses-
sion adjudicating upon these claims, I do know,
and I think my colleague is familiar with that fact.
Now, I cannot see that there is any particular
difference between this claim and the claim of the
State of New Hampshire for sending her troops
into the field. This was a war against the United
States, and the United States was bound to pro-
tect its territory and its people against the incur-
sions of the Indians. These forces were scut.
We were so remote from the center of power hci e
that our Governor was obliged of necessity to send
these forces into the field, and to incur these ex-
penses. The State had to pay them, and now we
ask that that sum shall be paid back—that is all
there is about it—.just as the State of New Hamp-
shire was paid back for what she expended to
send volunteers into the field during this war: and
the bill, if I am not mistaken, is framed \ery
nearly after the general law that was parsed to
reimburse the several States for the sutnsthcy ex-
pended m ttie first breaking out of the lebellinu.
Mr. CLARK. I arn glad to hear the Senator
from Minnesota say that there has been a board
appointed, and that they have examined these
claims. Then, certainly, they have got some rec-
ord of th'^se claims, and it comes exactly to the
point that I want to bring the attention of the Sen-
ate to. These claims have been examined by a
board, and allowed; they have got a record of
them: why not present the amount of these claims
here and let us see it, and let us appropriate the
money ? If then* wa« not time to wait, lor the al-
lowance of these claims, if there was not a board
established, if it would defer these poor people for
a great while in case we should insist on having'
the exact amountstated, that would be reason why
we should appropriate this money now; but I un-
derstand the Senator to say they have got a board,
they have examined these claims, they can trans-
mit the record here.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think, perhaps, that
board is in session now. I know it was when I
first came on here. I doubt whether it has got
through with auditing the accounts.
Mr. CLARK. They may present what they
have. If the people are poor, if they must have
the money, they may certainly present what
claims they have audited and allowed, and then
we shall have some basis of action.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not like to hear the
Senator from New Hampshire make a remark
of that kind. We are very poor in Minnesota,
but 
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator pardon me? I
did not make it with any disparagement. I un-
derstood the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
to say thatin regard to his State, and the Senator
from Minnesota, on the other side [Mr. Rice]
to say it in regard to his State. I take it all back
again, if there is any disparagement about it.
God bless the State of Minnesota, and give her
all the wealth she deserves, and all the wealth
her Senators can desire. I have nothing to say
in that behalf; but I understand that to be urged
as a reason why this money should be appropri-
ated now.
Mr. WILKINSON. When the proposition
was to pay to the States the advances they made
in furnishing troops to the Unittd States to sup-
press the rebellion,'-I readily voted font. It was
a general law, a law as general in its terms as this,
and theie weie no more safeguards thrown around
it than are tlnown about the bill that is now be-
fore the Senate; and I should like to know why
Senatots aie so anxious to raise this point now,
when they were not anxious to raise it when their
own Slates wire interested.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator desires me to
answer, I will state to him that I have raised this
point upon eveiy occasion where it has come to
my attention, upon private bills and upon public
bills. I did not pay particular attcntiuu to the
other bill of which he speaks. I was not aware
that my State had ever been interested in any bill
of this kind. 1 liav-1 repeatedly called the atten-
tion of the S, natij to subjects like this. The Sen-
ator fiotn Minnesota [Mr. Rice] will bear me
witness to the fart that I have repeatedly, where
he has been concerned, called the attention of the
Senate to this very point. It is nothing invidious
hete.
Mr. WILKINSON. It so happened, Air. Pres-
ident, when this wai broke out, that Minnesota
furnished men, but did not furnibh money. I do
not think our State expended a dollar out of the
State treasury. Indeed, it was so unfortunate
as to be without any treasury, without any funds
to buy clothing and equip us troops; but it sent
what was much lx tter ihon money, it sent men,
true men, brave men. When the bill was intro-
duced to lennburse the States for tluir advances,
Minnesota had no interest in it, because she had
expended no money out of her treasury; but my
colleague mul myself voted very readily to reim-
burse those States which had advanced money
out of their State treasuries for the purpose of
sending their troops into the field. I thoughtthat
in so doing I was simplydoing my duty. I should
have felt as though 1 had failed to discharge my
dmy if I had not voted for such a proposition.
Now, 1 am "very mu<~h surprised indeed to find
that the representatives uf States that did make
advances to the Government, and that weie read-
ily and promptly reimbursed by a law drawn up
almost in the precise terms of this bill, should
ra.se this point on the State of Minnesota, be-
cause she Iijn got but two S"nators h>>r'\
Mr FESSENDEN. No other State has more
than two Senators.
Mr. WILKINSON, But the other States com-
bining together can beat Minnesota if they want
to do it. They have got their pay under a law :
framed in this way; they have been reimbursed;
they have got their money back into the treasury
of the States; and now if they wish to throw our
State off, they can do it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think that the'
claim of Minnesota and of Iowa is a just one, and
unquestionably it ought to be paid; but there are
other States that have similar claims,. The State
of Kentucky has a claim against the General Gov-
ernment. She advanced between two and two
and a half million dollars forthcuseofthe-armies
of the United States. There are claims on behalf
of the United States against her amounting to
about two million dollars. She has a balance in
her favor, as she contends, against the United'
States Government still of about a quarter of a
million dollars; but these mutual accounts are un-
settled, and the Governor of the State has made
various attempts to have them settled, by sending
on a special commissioner for that purpose to ad-
just the matter with the Treasury officers. The
accounts, however, are so complex and volumin-
ous, and the officers of the Treasury Department
are so constantly employed, that if is difficult" to
get a proper liquidation and settlement of the ac-
counts.
I am in favor of the claim set up by both those
States, and I am in favor of the claim being paid
to my own State so far as it is due; and I give
notice that when the amendments pending are
disposed of, I shall offer as an amendment to the
bill this general provision, which will meet the
case of the State of New Hampshire and all other
States: r
Jlnd be it further tnmded, That the President, from tima
to time, It may be necessary, shall appoint one or more
eoimui >ioners on Urn part of the United States to adjust,
liquidate, and settle all accounts*,claims, and indebtedness
beiweeu the United States and any Slate that may arise
during ti o present rebellion, the report of such settlements
to be inject to the revision of the President.
It would seem to me that if there was a law
passed with such a geneial provision as this, it
would meet the exigencies of all the States.
Mr. SHERMAN". If there is no other amend-
ment, I desire 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion ison the amendment submitted bythetienator
from Connecticut.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit an amend-
ment in the form of a proviso which will make
the same rules applicable to cas^s growing out of
this act as to esses growing out of the law of July,
1861. That will put the claims of the State of
Minnesota on a precise footing with the claims of
other Slates growing out of the general law passed
at the extra session. I oiler this amendment, to
come m as a proviso at the end of the bill:
Piovvlcd, That m determining the claims to be allowed
under this act. the same principles, mlcs, and regulations
r-hall be observed by the accounting otiicer-* as have been
applied to the claims allowed to States under the act ap-
proved July 27. Ib61, entitled u An act to indemnity the
States fur expend incurred by them in defense of tire
United Srai<js."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion to that amendment. Some provision of that
kind ought to be made; but I wish to say a few
words in reply to the Senator from Iowa, who
seems to appeal to us very strongly in relation to
this matter. There is no sort of disposition any-
where, on the part of anybody, to oppose the
allowance of any just claim which the State of
Minnesota may have. It is generally conceded,
admitted by everybody, that she ought to be in-
demnified for her expenditures in defending her-
self against Indian hostilities; and if my friend
from Iowa has a little #10,000 matter to pay for
something m his State, (which seems to affect
his mind considerably,) I am willing to throw
that in, and consider it in the same way. What
I object to is that gentlemen should "take this
line of argument—it was followed up by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota—and say, "Why is this
objection made to the State of Minnesota, when
everybody else is treated very well." Now, sir,
I think I never know any difference between
States in reference to legislation of this character.
Necessarily, my attention is called to these bills
for the expenditure of money as they come up,
and I am bound to state the result of my experi-
ence m relation to them. It was only with that
view that 1 spoke on this occasion, and I am un-
willing to have the argument turned <>n me bv
anybody saying, " this is a Minnesota matter/5
or a matter for some other State, and " it is very
hard to apply this rule to it/5 and " why do gen-
tlemen have this feeling." Sir, nobody in the
world feels any better toward the State ofMinne-
