280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
sota thar I do,and I feel precisely as well toward
that State as toward any State in the Union with
regard to a matter of this description.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will allow me to
say that I pursued no such line of argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was an intimation
to that effect in what the Senator said.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I drew a parallel
between this case and that of Kentucky, and on
that case the Senator from Maine voted with me.
If it had any reference to anybody, it might have
some to those who voted in opposition to the Sen-
ator and myself on that question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to the bill con-
cerning Kentucky, I voted against it on a ground
which I did not sec fit to state, because it was un-
necessary for me to do so. I voted against it be-
cause I am opposed to raising troops for special
purposes, i will vote to the State of Kentucky
any amount of troops that may be necessary, pro-
vided theyare troops employed as all the rest arc,
for general purposes thioughout the Union; and
the same principle would be applicable to any
other State. I recognize all the troops raised as
troops of the United States. 1 want to make no
distinction between them. If they come into the
field, let them all come on the same footing. Cut
that bill has passed, and though I voted against
it, I have no fueling about it. The majority of
the Senate differed from me, as they have a right
to do; and of course, the majority is right; at
any rate theyare presumed to be; certainly I have
no complaints to make.
Now, in reference to the bill before us, all I have
done is to suggest that there should be proper
guards. The Senator from Iowa asks why we do
not propose guards. It is not so easy to do it on
the spur of the moment, immediately when a bill
comes up. We cannot know in advance when
such bills are coming up; no mortal man can keep
the run of them all and say when they will come
up. It is only when such a bill is taken up, that
the attention of the Senate is called to it. The
first thing is to state (he objections. It is not so
easy to say how those objections are to be obvi-
ated. Now, I tell my A ieud from Minnesota that
there is nobody who will i*o further or faster than
I will to pay the expendituie that has been in-
curred by the State of Minnesota in defending
herself against this Indian incui&ion. 11 ought to
be paid; but we must have wome regular rules
about it. Because a Senatoi from Minnesota says
his State is poor, and has'not the money ami is in
want of it, we cannot (if we wish to guard the il
Treasury properly) expose ourselves to any other jj
rule of action than that which is applied toother ji
States. How was it with regaul to Oregon? We '!
appointed a commission ouiselves to audit those '
claims; and so it was with the California claims;
and so it ought to be with all such claims. Jj
We should not legislate in the way here pro- ::
posed: allow a State to bung m her claims, and jj
simply exhibit the vouchers, after her own audit, 'j
Our auditor should have the pnvilege of examin-
ing not only the vouchers, (which is all that can j|
be examined after the audit of the State,) but of ji
examining the facts, winch is precluded by this jj
kind of legislation, if we do not do that, we must ;j
apply certain restrictive principles, say what kind jj
of claim shall be paid, and not legislate in advance ,|
that we will pay under these general provisions, ji
which may cover a vast deal more than we intend; ; j
and such legislation has always in the result been ;•
found to cover more than we intended; and thus
money has been taken out of the Treasury which |i
ought never to have gone out. I undertake to say j;
that there never has been awai claim, as it is called, jj
that lias not exceeded in amount what ought to j!
have been paid; or, if it has not exceeded in amount, ji
which has not been paid on wrong ptiuciples. We ;!
must necessauly be stringent, necessanly be care- !,
ful m lefeience to allowing geneial claims. Al-
though, since the rebellion commonccd, we have ||
been in the heat of the moment extremely lavish,
and voted money without reasonable consideia-j
tion always as to what we were about, that has ji
not been my fault; because, although the Senator
says ihat bills may come up here for large amounts,
mid be passed without a word, I have never intro-
duced one that I have not taken pains before it was
passed to explain to the Senate what the biil was
and wliat it meant, and what were its items and
what it was designed for, and if there was a new
principle in it to explain that; and when I was
doing it. Senators were writing, and perhaps one
out of twenty would know something about what
bill was up. it was not my fault at any rate, be-
cause 1 always act on that principle in bringing
bills before the Senate.
Nov/, I will say to the Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Rice,] that while I do not want to delay
his bill, 1 should like to have time for those who,
from their position and the particular kind of duty
that is imposed on them by the Senate—and the
Senator is one of them—ate obliged to look some*
what to the expenditure of money, to those bills
which are passed, appropriating money for cer-
tain purposes, to have an opportunity to guard
this bill and place it on proper principles. I think
he ought not to object to that. He ought to be
willing to give time enough for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. N-ow, as the bill is out
of committer, I ask that it be laid over.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 desire to move an amendment
to the biil.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on concurring m the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Is there any objec-
tion to taking the question on all the amendments
together ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had bet-
ter be laid over before the vote is taken on the
amendments. They may need some modifica-
tion.
Mr. RICE. I am satisfied, not only from what
the Senator from Maine has said on this occasion,
but from his general liberality, that he does not
wish to see any injustice done to the State of Min-
nesota; and 1 would ask if the remarks he has
made on this occasion may be considered as ap-
plying to the bills which were passed at the last
session, appropriating hundreds if not thousands
of millions?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We passed a great many
bills very carelessly hist session.
Mr. RICE. I meiely wished to understand
whether his remarks applied to the law to which
1 before alluded; and now i have no objection to
the bill being laid over.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FOSTER. I move thai the Senate now
1 resume the consideration of Senate bill No. 324,
being the proposed general bankrupt law, not with
■ a view of goinsr on with it if Senators do not wish
to do so, but in order that it may ha\e its place,
which it has lost tempoiaiily, as the unfinished
business of the day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 12, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Piayer
by the Chaplom, Rev. T. II. Stockton.
The Joinnal uf Fuday Was read and Approved.
BOOKS FROM TIII3 HIIITISII MUSCUAI.
Mr. LAW, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, made a report in relation to certain val-
uable books presented to the Library of Congress
by the trustees of the Biiti^-h Museum; winch
was laid upon thetable,and ordered to be printed.
COMPANY AND REGIMENTAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WII!TE, of Iiubana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, aod demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Resolva!, That the Committee on Military Allans be in-
structed t<> inqmtc into the expediency ot piovidmg foi the
payment of company ami legmieutai officer* liom the ii:ite
of their commission or appointment by the Governor of the
piopoi State as inusteung uliieeio.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main questioned ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
DUTY ON PAPER.
Mr. COLFAX submitted the following resolu-
tion, and on its adoption demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, Thaftbe Committee of Ways and Means be
dischaured from the further consideration of ilio Mouse bill
led'icmg lha iateb of duties on imported paper fi inn ilurty-
five percent, to ten per cent., and that the same be con-
bidet ed in the Ilou^c now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would surest to the mover
of thatresolution toinclude paper hangings, which
are now excluded, ihe tariff is so high.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei inont. I move that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie not ordered.
On a division on the motion to lay upon the
table, there wen'—nycs 44, noes*4G.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Diddle were appointed.
The resolution was laid upon the table., the tellers
having reported—ayes 56, noes 36.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vole
by which the r< solution was laid upon the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aff urs he di -
chaiged hom the lurther consideration of lloiw* b.H No.
6j1, entitled a bill to allow ceitain bounty to pnvat< t-ol-
diois iiojiombly discharged ftom the serv tee. and to Iitocaso
ihe pay of the private soldier* ol the Aimj and tiiat .'aid
biil be made the special order for Thuisday next.
Mr. McPIiERSON. I object, for the reason
that tins bill has'been committed for examination
to a distinguished member of tho committee from
the West, and will be leportud upon as soon as it
can be reached. The gentleman having it id charge
is tempoiaiily absent in Jllmois.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Indiana
having oflried one lusoiution on this call, under
the rule, objection having been made, this resolu-
tion cannot be received.
DANIEL Ii. BINGHAM.
Mr. IIOLM AN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Daniel II. Bingham;
which was read a first and second tune, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
EMPLOYES IN THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Interior Department
be, and he i> heteby, directed "to furnish tins flou&c. at the
eiuhe-t possible day, with the mimes* of all p<-imm> em-
j! ployud, tempoiariiy or otheiui>e, m the Paient Office Bu-
ll ie\m, or division, i'ioiii the 1 t day of Apnl, 1831, to tins
ii date, designating the dntie*. aligned to and periouwd by
1 each, then com pen.- at ion to- p<.euvT< ly, ami uom what Slate
appointed; the djjjjreiMto amount ot ihe receipt of the office
'i foui ail -outees, uciudingappiopriatton - made by Confess
i' miilc, and the balance on hand at that dare, and how ilia
I same 1) is been expended oi apprnpuated, to whom, and lor
l| what pm poses ; ai-o, a detailed statement of the d^bur>e-
i, meat-, hom what land paid, to whom, and for what pur-
i i pose -y to^.rher wtii a compai.itivo table snowing the dilFer-
I; enee, if any, between the expenses between ihe Patent
| • Oftii.-e Bureau, oi di* i^on. at that day and the present time,
/ and the redr-ons ioi >>ucn difference.
i, Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move that the
:, resolution I  o referred to the Committee on Patents.
j< The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
jj during the demand foi the pievious question,
j; The previous question was seconded, and tho
main qu< stion ordered; and undei the opuiation
i: thereof the resolution was adopted.
j; Air. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
| which the resolution was passed; and also moved
> that the motion to reconsider be hud upon the
I; table.
, The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTRABANDS.
]! Mr. DUNN submitted the following resolution,
b and demanded the previous questional! itsadop-
!; tion:
ji Resolved, Thatthc Secretary of the Tiea-ury be directed
lj to leporttotlns liou^e, so faras in hi-* power, the amount
j. expended since the commencement of tins tebellion, in the
> | employment and ^u^tenancc of slaves hi the disloyal States?
jj ami also as to what extent such expenses have been com-
I pensated by the services of such eiavea.
