1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which tlte icsolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LOVEJOY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the. Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of additional legis-
lation in relation to the Depaitment of Agnculture.
WASHINGTON" AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. LOVEJOYalsosubmitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be directed to inquire what amendment, if any, is
nece—aiy ot the act 10 incorporate the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company, in order more effectually
• to secure the rights ot passeng'eis thereon.
DUTIES ON HAGS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
directed to inquire into the expediency of leducing the
duties ou ragd imported from loreign countries, of which
paper is made.
TRADE OF TlIE GREAT LAKES.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the foil >wing resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requited to have ptepared a repoit and lull statistical
statements of the tiade and commeice of the great lakes,
western rivers, and the St. Lawtence, to be pieaemed to
Congress.
NAVY-YARD IN MISSOURI.
Mr. jNTOELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.it the Committee on N.md Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot establishing a
navy-yard at some Mutable point in the State of Missouri
between tf 2 month ot the Ohio uver a.idnoithot St. Louia ;
and to report by bill 01 otUotwii-c,
LIEUTENANT J. I. DEN Till NO Eit.
Mr. INTOELL in'roduced a bill for the relief of
Lieutenant J. I. Dcnthinger; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
MISSOURI MILITIA.
Mr. HALL submitted the foNowingrrsolutiou;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcso'veJ, That the Committee on Mihturj AjT.ius be in-
Ktrueied fo inquue into the piopucty oi p ivincj the mthti.i
of .Mi^oim when m actual M-ivice ; and ltepoit by biil or
otherwise.
ALIENS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following sesolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcolved, That eiie Committee on Tnvahd Pensions be
instiuctcd to inquire into the propriety ot m> amending the
sixth suction of the '-Act to authonze the employment of
volunteer 10 aid m entoieing the laws." &r., f>v<-i} .
July 'J'J, 1£31, a-. to invo to eiuzen* of tne United State, and ;
aliens leMding within the United States pieierein-e over !
non-result nt alien.--in tho p.ument of aiitMr.ig"- of pay to
the hcir> ofdeeeaicd soldier; and that the committee have
leave to 1 upon by bill at an} tune. ]
D. J. BROWN. |
Mr. WfLSON aho submitted the following reso- J
iution; which was 1 <\ul,eonsideied,and agreed to:
Re-nlvc-l, That the S"er.;t iry of rlie Intetior be dirceted I
to furnish tln-i House with a d -tailed statement of ail the j
tian-aetion> connected with D.J. Ilrown^ agency lot the ■
a^i icultutal division <d the I'atent Cilice duuny lu-. M.iy 111 i
Eu 1 ope a-! such agent, together witli th" amount4* oi ntone\ ,
paid -aid agent heloie in* J oil !<>t Lurop". while theie, and ■
since Ji!> ictum, and mr wnar pui po-e Mid ^imia wcn'pnid ]
to bun; and fui thcr. -tate what benefit the agi {cultural and i
uiamilaetuiing inieic-t- 01 the country have derived or arc 1
hkejv to derive t rum said agencv ; and aKo, tli.it all com- '
niunu'iUion^ sen, to 01 lec-ived hum s-ud agent be laid be- I
iore the FIou<«. together with sueh other inloimation as has. i
been received, o  maybe leceived, horn said agent since ,
hi* ict'iiu to the United States. ;
PRESIDENT'S EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION. !
uppiove, r<i;ify,and confirm the proclamation is- !
sued by the President, as Commander-in-Chief ;
uf the Army and Navy of the lfmted States, on
the 1st of January, 1863; which was read a fir&t |
and second time. i
Mr. WILSON moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX moved that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messr*. William Allen, Gaily, IJiddle, Jacob B.
Blah, Calvcit, Cobb, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Cri«field,
Delano, Delaplaine, Dunlap. Giaugei, Glider, Hall, Hard-
in;*, Ilairison, Holman, lioiton, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Leary, Malloiy,May, Maynard,Menzles, Mitchell, Morris,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Pendleton, Peny, 1'iiee, .1
Scgar, Shiei, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, <•
Benjamin F. Thomas, Yallandisiham, Vibbaid, Voorliecs, ij
Olnhoii A. While, IV11 khi)", WondiulT, and Yeaiuan—50. M
NAYS—Mes.«si< Aldi ich, Alley. Arnold, Ashley, llahbitt. fi
Baker, Daxtct, lU-aman, Dnn;hain, Samuel S. Blair, Blako,
Bnflinton, Bmnham, Campbell, t-'hambeiluin, Claik, Col-
fax, Fieu< tick A.<.'onkhng, llo'-to-Conkl.ni?, Cutler, Davis,
Dawes, Ditell, Ddijeiton, Kdvvaiils, Thot, Ely, Fen ton,
Samuel C. fVs onden, 'i'homa^ A. I). Fe^senden, Fi-shor,
Franehot, Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gniley, Hickman,
Hooper, Ilutehiu*!, Julian, Kelley, I'Vanci^ W. Kellogg,
Kilhn^er, Landing. Loonu-i, Lovejoy, IjOW, McPher'son,
Marston. Moorhead, Aiwon r. Moiriil, Justin S. Motrill,
Noell, Dim. Patron, Tnnothy G. Phelps. Pike, Poineroy,
Porter, Potirr, Alexander IJ."Rice, John II. Ilice, Itiddle,
Ed waul 11. Ilollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shella-
bai^er, Shennan, Sloan, Spauldmg. Sun-ens, Tram,Tum-
ble, Trow bridge. Van Horn. Van Valkenlmrajh, Walker,
Wallace, Wa?hburue, Wheeler, Albeit d. White, Wilson,
VVindoin, and Woiec^tei—85.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. LAZBAIl stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wright, was confined to his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to he put, and under the
operation thereof the resolution was referred to
the Committee on the Judirmry.
PUBLIC GROUNDS AND GARDENS.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered end agreed to:
ResoU-cd, That the Committee on V^riculturo be, ami are
hereby,directed to inquire into the piopriety of miitinj* un~
dei one head the supeuntondeney oi all the public gtounds
and gardens in this city.
ARTICLES FURNISHED BY SUTLERS.
Mr. ALDftfCH introduced fho following reso-
lution: wh ich was read, considered,and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiv Affair be. and
are hereby, dueercd to inqnuc into the piopnety and ex-
pediency of allow in if and anthori^im: to lurnioh to
th"ii ie-pective lojuuiPiih the following articles in addi-
tion to those now allowed by law, naineh:: Can Irons, can
and cured meats,ronl-'ctionarie-, fish, clothing, vegetables,
sugar, tea. pickles, hay, oat*, and corn
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. ALDRICH offered the following' resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aflairs be, and
are iici''bv, directed to iikjuiio into i/ie oxpedioney ami ne- J
ecs-Jity oi'ijiantuiira bonnt> land wanantoi one hundred and I
r.ixty acrcsof land to cveiy soldiei now sen ing in oui Artn>, 1
or who riay hereali,->i i,iilis,t in any ol the oid u ^uncnt^; to ;
evciy comini-sion''d otheer under the grade <>| euloial ihiee !■
hniniied and twenty aties, and in evety eonnnHMoned otfi ;
ci-i i>i the gind'- ol eoiom 1 01 ncial,? ix hundie 1 and n-ny l
acr^-J; the land wan.in: t'  t>«! tof.it'd on miv '-o'l'i-erited '
r'-lu I plan tat ion win'.-a th,- !n>!<lr t 01 the wat ;ant mav - eh et, ;
as *oon fts tl 1 c war.ii ended and the ieh«-Hion cru-jlicd ; and ,
it port b> bill 01 dtfieiwjnt. i
Mr. HOLMA^N". I move to amend that reso- |
iudon by striking out the words: |
To every eotnmi^ioncd oifieer unuer the ginde of colo- i
ii.jI, tbu ^ liundKd and twejiiv acie^ ; and to every <vnn
ini-*i< ped ofiic-r ot the gtade ofeolonel 01 general, six bun- |i
dx ed and lorty a'-ies. j;
Mr. A.H)RJC1I. I accept the amendment. !|
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 move to lay the resolution !i
on the table. ;;
The motion was not nirrefd to.
Mr. WADSWORTH <ii oiniuleU ihe yeas and |j
nays upon tiie passage of tli-. I'.s'duUoii. ;;
The yeas and nays* wftic 01 ooi-'-d. i•
The question was put, and it was decided in th" :
alTn mauve—ytas GG, >i.iys G'h as follows: ^
VE VS—Mevsr^ Aid in h, Arnold. A>hiev, Bak''r. Baxter, !'
Euiirhain, Blake. Builinton, Bnintiam, ('uinfihei!, C'liam • ^
beiiain, Claik, Coiia\, I-ieu'rick A Conkiinu. Ku^oe ,
CoMKhiiit, Cov.id- . Cn11e>. Davi-. Dnei!. D'-'pn, Ed^orton,
Edwaid^. Eliot, Elv. Thomas A D. Fewi.den, l-'ivjiLi, ,
Goodwin. Guiie\? ILckman. nntchn^, Julian, K<-lley, \
Killing 1, Lan «ing. l^oonih, Eovi joj , Km-Tbt, M<-i)lu-r
sun, Mar-ton, M itenoli, Mom n^nd, An.>oti P. Mo'-  ill, Noel I, ,
Dim, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, ■;
Alexander li. Iticc, John II. Rice, Riddlu F/Jwaid H. Ro>. ;
hns, Surguii, Ghanks. SbeBfibJirgnr, Shermon, 8to-n, 8*  .
vens, Van Horn, Walker, Wallace, Washburfie, Albert S«
White. Wilson, and Window—66.
NAYS—Messrs-, William Alien, Alley, Daily, Vfolilnifi
G. Biown, Calvert, Clements, Cobb, Coining, Cravens,
Orisficld, Crittenden, Delano, Delaplaine, Dunlap, English,
Franehot, Granger, Grlder, Hail, Harding, Harrison, (lor-
ton, Knapp, Lazear, Mallory, May, Monzies, Justin S.
Morrill, ^iorrl!?  Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Segar, Sheffield,
Sluel,Smith, Spaulding, Joiiu B. Steele, William G bteele,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas', Train, Trimble,
Trowbiidge, Vallandighatn, Vibbard, Voorhee^, Wads-
worth, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wickhfl'e, WoodrulT
W01 coster, and Venman—60.
So the resolution was agreed to.
j MAIL FACILITIES TO NEW MEXICO.,
| Mr. WATTS introduced a bill to provide ad-
1 equate mail facilities to and from New Mexico
! during the continuance of the present rebellion;
i which was read a first and second lime, and re-
i forced to the Committee on the PostOtficc and Port
Roads.
COLUMBIA TRANSPORTATION COMPANY.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, introduced
a hill granting the right of way to the Columbia
Transportation Company, of the Territory of
Washington; which was read a first and second
time,'and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
PUGET SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, consid*
ered, and agreed to:
Whereas the Puiret Sound Agricultural Company (com-
posed onhitiJ.il Mibj'ects) claim laige tracts of fund in the
Terutory ot Washington under the treaty of 1846, between
the Goveinm nt of Great Britain and the United States;
and wheteas many citizens of the United States have set-
tled 011 said lands and claim a right to the t-atne by viituc
of compliance with the requnements of tho net of Congress
entitled "An act to create the office of Mirvcyor geneial of
the public lands in Washington, and to provide for the pur-
vey and make donations to tne settlers of tho said public
land-," approved September 27,1850; and wheieas the con  
flict of claims between the citizens and paid company h^n
becomc a source of endless litigation : Tlierelbre,
Be it resolved, Tlmt the Committee on the Judiciary
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire: First, what right,
if any, has said company to land in the Territoiies by said
ticaty ; Second, what legislation, if any, is necessary to the
settlement and determination of said rights j and report by
bill or otherwise.
SALARIES IN THE TERRITORIES.
| Mr. BEN"INTET introduced the following: resoln-
, tion; which was read, considered, and agreed tot
: RcsoUcd, That the Committee on Teriitorics be directed
! to consider the piopiieiy of equalizing the salaries and
| emolument* of similar Pedeial officers in the different Tcr-
i rttones of the United State>;and report by bill orothcrwi^o.
| POST ROUTE IN COLORADO,
j Mr. BENNETintroduced the following rcsolu-
I tion; which was read, considered, atid agreed to:
! Resolved, That tho Committee on the Post OtFiee and
Post Ro..ds be directed to inquire into the propuety ot
! est 'bii.-hni^a pc-'t route from Golden City to RaitUon Cieek,
' 111 the < ouiuv ot Jeffei <on and Teiritoiy of Colorado; Old
' leport by bill or otherwise.
! GRANT OF LAND TO DAKOTA,
s Mr. TODT) introduced a bill making a grant cf
; land to the Territory of Dakota for railroad pui-
puses; which was read a first and second time,
| and ivfem-d to the select committee on the Pacific
: railroad.
| VETO POWER. IN DAKOTA,
j Mr. TODD introduced the following resolution;
which wa* read, considered, and agreed to:
U-trili cd. That the Committee on-Terntories be instructed
! tu inquire into the expediency oi amending the second sec-
tion of the net ptovidiru* a tempotaiy go\einmeut 101 the
Terntoiv ot Dukot.i, so as to 1-iriit the veto p,>\\ or of the
Governor so as to coi respond with that oi the Terutory of
?*ebM<ka.
TREATY WITH GREAT BRITAIN IN 1842.
Air. IMCE, of Maine, offered the following ros-
olntiun; whu.li was read, considered, and agreed
Rrso>vi'.-\ 1'hat the Committee on Military Affairs be dl-
s'( f'Hd h; inqune what leuKlation is neccssarv e,n i,\ into
iotee ti:--lumtii article of the tieary between the United
^tafs and Cieat Hutain, eonchuh'd at Washington on the
>"11 day of August, I64.i; wilii power to lepoit b\ bill or
"tliui Wifce.
STOCICBniDOE INDIANS, ETC.
Mr. POTTER introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be,
atwi is hereby, directed to communicate to the House such
