1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not be submitted to, and no, such law can be en-
forced in a free country.
Mr. McPHERSON. I think that the bill ex-
cludes any such conclusion. The provostmarshal
is 44 to report" any treasonable practices to the
Provost Marshal Generai, which officer, if he may
have the right to arrest, does not derive it from
any provision of this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. The provost marshal has it in
his power to report to the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral all "treasonable practices." I infer from the
bill tiiat he is to dispose of the case without trial
by jury. He is both judge and jury. He is to
judge for himself what constitutes "treasonable
practices." This the Constitution defines in ex-
press terms, and provides what shall constitute
treason. If the gentleman who interrupts me will
look at the twenty-fifth section in connection with
the seventh section he will see that 1 am right. It
is there piovided:
That if any person shall resist any draft of men en-
rolled under this act into the seivice of the United States,
or shall counsel or aid any peison to resist any sue!) draft, or
shall assault or obsttuet' any oilier u  making such diaft,
or in the performance of any service in relation thereto, or
slinll counsel any person to assault or obstruct any such
officer, or shall counsel any diafted men not to appear at
the pi.ice <>f rendezvous, or willfully dissuade tlu in from the
performance of military duty as required bv law, such per-
son shall be subject to summary ariest by the provost mar-
shal, and kept in confinement until the draft is completed,
alter whieh he shall be duliveiod to the civil authorities,
and upon conviction thereof be punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding *500, orby inipi isoriment not exceeding two years,
or by both of said punishments.
Here is authority conferred in a summary way
for the arrest and imprisonment of a person on
the suggestion of the provost marshal, and that
person may be confined in prison until after the
draft has been gone through, if that draftcontinue
for one month or twelvemonths. Then 1 say that
under the provisions of this bill, the provost mar-
shal has the power on his own motion, and ac-
cording to his own ideas of legal propriety, not
only to arrest, butimpiison. This cannot be de-
nied.
There is, then, the great question involved in
the bill of depriving the citizen of his personal
hbeity without a trial by jury, or even without
the ordinary forms of law; and that cuizen may
be the most loyal man in the land. You put at
defiance the constitutional safeguards which have
been wisely placed around him. This House
cannot have forgotten the bad feeling which grew
up all over the country in regard to arrests made
not in accordance with but in opposition to the
law; and in my judgment it now behooves this
legislative body to act with caution in regard to
all authority confurtcd for the arrest and impris-
onment of citizens of tiic United States. The
provisions of the last section of the bill, to which
J have already referred, put it in the power of
the provost marshal to arrest and imprison citi-
zens of theUintedStatesonhisown motion. That
is wrong. It ought not to be so. If there is to
be any charge of disloyalty against any citizen of
the Government there aie other ways in which
it may be faiily tried and decided, and that, too,
according to constitutional law. I do not think
that when gentlemen come to reflect on the vast
power which this bill confers upon any one of the
provost marshals created under it to go into any
one of the sovereign States of the Union and ar-
rest on his own motion, and imprison under his
own construction of what may be " treasonable
practices," they*will be willing to retain such
power in the bill.
This is one of the insuperable objections 1 see
to the bill. I am willing, and ! say it with candor,
to send every man in the loyal Slates into the field
if necessary. 1 am willing to devote every cent
of the nation's money and every drop of blood to
put down this rebellion. But, sir, you must not
put the life and liberty of the citizen under the
whim and caprice of every upstart officer who
may take upon himself under this bill to judge as
to what is treason and what is not treason. I pro-
test against these officers thus constituted being
allowed to arrest and imprison citizens of the Uni-
ted States according to their crude and possibly
arbitrary construction of their power under this
bill. Therefore 1 say it is worthy of particular
attention whether we have the right under the
Constitution to confer so vasta poweron anyone
individual. The Constitution declares the right
of Che citizen to trial by'jury. If it is pot within
our power to change the fundamental law of the
land by legislation—if we cannot do it directly—
we ought not to do it by implication.
Mr. OLIN. Pardon me for making a sugges-
tion, in reply somewhat to the gentleman's ar-
gument. Wheie is the law on the statute-book
at this time that authorizes the arrest of anybody
for encouraging desertion and obstructing enlist-
ments, and punishes such conduct as a crime?
There is none at all.
Mr.WRlGHT. Letme say to my learned friend
that J do not pretend that there is; nor is it pru-
dent and just to supply such deficiency in the
manner here proposed. I do think there ought
to be a provision in the bill that where a party is
charged with having committed the offense made
penal by this bill, he should be arrested and tried
in the ordinary way.
Mr. OLIN. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
They are subject to trial m the ordinary way.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir. 1 refer the gentle-
man to the twenty-fifth sccuon of the bill. He
will there see that I am right in the objection
which I take.  
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is a law upon
the statute-book which makes it a criminal offense
to induce a soldier to desert from the service.
Mr. OLIN. But that has nothing to do with
the draft. This bill only provides for the sum-
mary arrestof a man for resisting the draft. There
is no piovision for his punishment except by the
ordinal y tribunals of the country. Therefore the
gentleman's objection is senseless.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 do not yield to the gentle-
man anyfuiihei. It is in bad taste for ium to
say that my objection is senseless. 1 am not in
the habit of saying senseless things, and lie will
permit me to tell him so.
jVfr.OLIN. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon, and
I withdraw the expression. But is it not a little
out of place to raise an objection to that section,
which authorizes a man competent to hold th*
portion of captain of cavalry, and to superintend
the draft, to atrest a man who resists the draft,
and deliver him over to the civil authorities for
punishment? Or would it be more-in consonance
with the idea of civil liberty that he should be ar-
rested by a marshal or constable?
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 ask the gentleman to listen
to me for one moment, while I call Ins attention
to the provisions of the twenty-fifth section of the
bill. Our dispute here is not about removing any
feature of the bill which may impair its force and
effect, but it is in regard to an immaterial matter
which, if allowed to pass, may cause veiy much
trouble hereafter. The section is in these words.
Will the gentleman give me his attention ?
Sue. 2 o. he it further tnacicil, That if any person
shall r<." ht anv draft of men enrolled under this act into
the service of the United States, or shall counsel or aid any
person resist any such di.iti, or shall n«sauit or obstruct
any officer in making Mich diaft, or in the pciformance of
any seivice in relation theieio. or shall counsel any person
to a^ault m obstmct any such officer,or shall counsel any
drafted men not to appear at the place of tendezvou*, or
willfully div*uade thein fmin the performance of military
duty, as required by law, such person shall be subject to
summary arrest by the piowM marshal, and kept in con-
finement until the'dtaft is completed, alter which he shall
be delivered to the civil authorities, and, upon conviction
theieof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $.'>00, or by
imprisonment not exceeding two year*-, or by both of said
punishment'?.
Now,if*tny person interferes with the mode and
manner of cairying out the draft he is subject to
arrest, not by the civil authorities upon informa-
tion made to them, but by the provost marshal
whoever he may be, and in a summary manner
he is to be confined until afier that draft is com-
pleted. Then he is to be handed over to the civil
authorities.
Mr. OLIN. A word just here. The whole
power of the section consists in authorizing the
provost marshal to make the arrest. The party
is then to be kept in confinement until the draft
is completed. How long, by the provisions of the
act, is it before the draft is completed? About
two weeks, and then the party is to be deliveted
over to the civil authority for punishment—a
shorter period of confinement than exists between
the terms of any courts of the States or Territo-
ries of the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. In reply to that part of the
case which the gentleman submits, I reply that I
would not put it in the power of any deputy pro-
vost marshal to arrest a citizen upon his own vo-
lition, upon his own view of a charge of" trear
sonable practices" made against him, and keep
that man in confinement one month', one we$k,H
or one hour.  
Mr. OLIN. Do you not confer authority upon,
every constable in the United States to arrest who-
ever resists his authority ?
Mr.WRlGHT. No, sir.
Mr, OLIN. Certainly you do.
Mr. WRIGHT. Whatever an officer may do
under the civil department of the Governmenthe
does by process of law or warrant of statutory
authority.
Mr. OLIN. My friend is too good a lawyer to
state any such proposition as that. A constable
frequently arrests without warrant, and it is his
duty to do so.
Mr.WRlGHT. He is a peace officer.
Mr. OLIN. It is a constable's duty to arrest
every man engaged in the commission of an of-
fense when the commission of itcomes under his
own observation, and he does not wait for a war-
uint.
Mr.WRlGHT. Let me say that all these peace
officers, underthe civil regulations of the Govern-
ment, have the right to arrest as peace officers.
But what next? The moment a man is arrested
he has the great right of the writ of habeas corpus*
and that next great right of a free people, the right
of a trial by jury. Those rights I will not yield.
Why I love my country, her institutions, and her
laws, is because the liberty of the citizen is thus
protected. I will not willingly remove thesesafe-
guards of personal liberty, and put power into the
hands of men who may act without discretion,
and abuse authority thus conferred upon them
without stint or limitation.
The gentleman may talk about holding citizens
under arrest only for two weeks. This does not
change the principle. The gentleman has no au-
thority showing when this draft will be closed, or
when the forms under which the draft is resorted
to will terminate. But it is the principle I am
talking about. Whether it be two weeks or two
years, it is wrong that any citizen, upon the mere
motion of any provost marshal, shall be subject to
imprisonment. There certainly can be no objection
upon'the part of Lhis House, certainly there can be
none upon the part of the Senate, to so amend this
bill that it will meet the approbation of those of
us upon this side of the Chamber who approve of
its spirit. We do not stand in a factious position.
The SPEAKER. The hour fora recess having
arrived, the House will take a recess, under the
order of the House, until seven o'clock.
The House accordingly took a recess until seven
i o'clock.
I EVENING SESSION.
j The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
' p. m.
| Mr.WRlGHT. Mr. Speaker, at the time the
] House took a recess I was indulging in a train of
remarks as to a strict observance of constitutional
construction in the enforcement of the laws. I
stated that the particular section of the bill to
which I take special exception is that which puts
it in the power of the provost marshal to arrest
any citizens and imprison them for an uncertain
time upon the judgment of the Provost Marshal
General alone," and without the intervention of
judge or jury.
Now, sir, if there is anything that is dear to the
people of this country, it is that feature of civil
government which our ancestors brought over
from England, and which was wrested by tho
Commons of England from the British Crown, the
right of trial by jury, and the protection of Eng-
lish subjects from arbitrary and illegal arrests.
And our ancestors in bringing it over to this coun-
try made it a part of the fundamental law of the
land. They incorporated itintotheConstitution,
and it remains a part of the Constitution of the
country this day.
Now, I said when I had the floor before, that
i I was not opposed to the spirit of this bill, but 1
I am opposed to some of its features which violate,
i in my judgment, the Constitution, and which can
- be as easil y avoided as not. What reason is there
i for enforcing a measure of legislation before the
| country, and procuring its adoption by this House,
1 that must create division among the loyal States
') of the Union? The loyal people of the North all
•j agree in regard to the vital importance of putting
i! down the rebellion, The^e is no difference of
