THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Information as lie may possess as to the present situation
ol tin: Stockbridgc ami Munsec Indian*, in Wisconsin ; tlie
ren on 101 th-eir dissatisfaction with their present reseiva-
tionj and also his views as to the propriety and expediency
or making a new ueaty with said Indians, with a view to
a change of their present location, if desired by them.
DIRECTIONS TO MILITARY GOVERNORS.
Mr. DAWES introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
House what authority or instructions, if any, have been
piven to Major General John A. Dix, m Yngmia, to Briga-
dier General George F. Shcpley, in Louisiana, and Edward
Stanley, in North Carolina, or cithci of them, concerning
the election of Representatives to this House in those States
lespectiveiy.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to modify his resolu-
tion, so as to include the military governors of
Tennessee and Arkansas—Generals Johnson and
Phelps.
Mr. DAWES. I would have no objection to
that had there come before the House any mutter
from those sources, calling for the action of the
House. 1 do not see any peculiar propriety of
calling for instructions to those governors at this
time. I prefer to have the resolution stand as I
have offered it, because there are persons from
those States now claiming the right to represent
them in this House.
The resolution was agreed to.
BUREAU OF EMANCIPATION.
Mr. ELIOT offered a bill to establish a bureau
of emancipation.
AJr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
It is that no noticc of this bill has been given.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 gave notice, of it to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, as the rules require one or more (lays'
notice of an intention to introduce a bill.
BULLION BANK IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. DELANO introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rcsol.'cd, That the Committee on the Distuct of Colum-
bia be m-tnichd to tnqmie mtothe cirfiimvt.uiccw attend-
ing file failure ot the Bullion Bank in fins city. ANo, to
jnqutie and report whether any new legislation is neee-sary
to pioreet the public agam-f ute-ponMhle hanking institu-
tions in the Distuct of Columbia.
STATE RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. LOOM1S presented the resolutions of the
Legislature ot the State of Connecticut, m favor of
a modification of the act to provide internal cv-
enuo to support the Government and pay the in-
terest on the public debt: which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and oidnred
to be printed.
AMERICAN IUOCUSTKR TO A VESSEL.
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameiican
register to a certain vessel; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PAPERS OF FOREIGN VESSELS.
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill amendatory
of an act entitled " An act authorizing the deposit
of papeis of foieign vessels with the consuls of
their respective nations," parsed Maich 3, 3817;
winch, was read a flist and second time, and rc-
feired to the Committee on Cv)inmerce.
POfcT ROUTE FKO.M NEW YORK TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. FENTON introduced the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That a select committee of five member* be
appointed to mqune into the expediency and neco^itvot'
estabii^nng a military and pos-t load from the city of \Vw
\ oik to {lie citv ot Washington, in oidei to facilitate tlie
trau^poiuuiun of the mail's, amis, noop<, and munition-? ot
war
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the opeiation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr, FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONDUCT OF THE "WAIt,
Mr. CLARIC, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was read
and adopted :
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand copies of the evi-
dence taken by the joint committee of Congiess on the
conduct ofthe war be printed for the use of the House.
CHARGE OF CORRUPTION.
Mr. CLARK, from a special committee of
investigation, submitted the following report:
The committee to whom the resolution of the House,
offered by Hon. E. P. Walton, was leferrcd, directing
an investigation of the charge made by the conespondent
of the New Yotk Tubune, that lie had leasou to believe
that "a pliable in an had been seaichcd for to move a le-
consideration of a resolution," and that some person-*
were approached ostensibly in behalf of the friends of the
resolution with offers of a pecuniary natuic,-"' beg leave
unanimously to submit the evidence in the case with the
following resolution, and ask to be dischaiged fiom the
further consideration of the subject.
Resolved, That after a lull investigation of tlie case,
we are unable to discover that any appi oaches nf a pecun-
iary nature weie made to any members of this IIous>e,
either by those interested in the pioposed measuie or
others; but they do find evidence that indnect but unsuc-
cessful efforts were made thiougb third parties to obtain
the influence of the officers of the Uou-e sufficient to found
the charg" made by theTiibune eoirespondcnt, and thcie-
Ibre cannot discover that be has been guilty of any breach
of the privilege accouled to him as a leporterin this House.
The resolution was agreed to; and the report
was laid upon the table, and, together with the
evidence, ordered to be printed.
REBEL PROPERTY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which he demanded the
previous question:
Whereas, it hap been stated that certain property hereto-
fore seized by the mihtaiy governor of the I)]>tii<it of Co-
lumbia, a«* the propei y of a icbel, ana held foi judicial dis-
position, has. been, oi i-> to be, taken fiom tlie bailee thereof
by the marshal of wud Outlet of Columbia, upon a writ
of lepjevin Hied out bv an attorney of the city of Wash-
ington, wherein the plaintiff i> John A. Campbell, now of
Richmond, and nt pie ent sceictaiy of war of the so-
called confederate Stares of Atnenca : Therefoie,
Revolted, That the Seeietaiv of Wat be dueeted to in-
form the House ot such facts touching the matter as may
ho in liw po^s^ion oi mat of the lmlitaiv j/ovei nor ot the
Di^tuet, and also bv wliat means of communication rebels
in the South are able to retain attorneys m the national
capital.
The previous question wa.s seconded and the
mainquestion oi dered; and being put, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH CABLE.
Mr. SEDGWICK submitted the following
resolution; winch was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Rewired. That the Committee on Naval Allans be in-
structed to n.qmie into the expediency of lav tug a snbina-
iine cable fiom FoiUrss Monioe to New Oilcans, touch-
ing at the to:ts and mihtaiy stations held bv the ioiees of
tlie United States, and also into the piobabie cobt theieof.
CLAIMS OK SOLDIERS.
^ Mr. F. A. CONKLING offered the following
resolution, upon which lie demanded the previous
" question:
Resolved. As !he -<ens-e of this House, that no creditois
oi the Government are «-o mentoi ioii< as tne soldiers o! the
Union, and that no moie money-hould be paid to an}-civil
officers of tlie Government until eveiy airearagedue to any
regiment m the service has been fully paid.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordtred; and being put, the reso-
lution was agreed to.
BUREAU OF STATISTIC?.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 desire to offer the resolution
winch I send to the Clerk's desk; and I ask leave
to present with it tlie memorial of the Board of
Trade of the city of Philadelphia, in favor of the
establishment of a national bureau of statistics
in the Department of the Intei for.
The SPEAKER. The rosolu tion is in order,
but the memorial must be filed under the rules.
Mi. BIDDLE. Is it in order to present any
considerations that might recommend the lesolu-
tion to the House at tlie present timcr
Th.. SPEAKER. No debate ism order at this
time. The resolution wiil be read.
The resolution was read and agreed to, as fol-
lows:
Rewired, That the Secretaiy of the Inteiiorbe requested
to report to thi* Ilou-e, it he deem it expedient, a plan lor
ih<3 e-tabh>hiaent of a bureau ot statistics m connection
with the Department of tne Interior.
COLORED SOLDIERS.
_ Mr. STEVENS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to raise additional soldieis
for the service of the Government; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until a week
from Wednesday next, and be made the special
order for that day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of that
bill.
The bill was read. The first section, after re-
citing that the term of enlistment of a large num-
ber of our soldiers will soon expire, and it is
expedient that their places shall be supplied by
soldiers whose constitutions peculiarly fit them
for a southern campaign, authorizes and requires
the President of the United States to proceed imme-
diately to raise, equip, and organize one bundled
and fifty thousand soldiers, persons of color or of
free Afiican descent, to serve for five years unless
sooner discharged by the Government; they shall
be organized as infantry, artillery, and cavalry,
as the President may direct; the private soldiers
shall each receive a bounty of five dollars when
mustered into service, and pay at the rate of ten
dollars per month and rations; half of their pay
shall be set aside for their families, where tliey
have families, and where they have no families
shall bo retained until their discharge from ser-
vice; the officers and non-commissioned officers
shall have the same pay and peiquisites as those
of similar rank in the regular Army; all regimental
officers shall be white persons; company officers
may be either white or colored as the President
may ditect; recruiting stations may be established
in either free or slave States.
The second section provides that slaves as well
as freemen may be enlisted and mustered into the
service, and such persons shall never again be
slaves, but the United States shall pay for such
of them as belong to persons who have not been
disloyal during this rebellion.
Mr. COX. I move that the bill be rejected.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. i move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Me^fis. William Allen, Baily, Diddle. Jacob 15.
Clan, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clements, Cobb. Com-
ing, Cox, Cravens, Dunlap, English, Granger, Glider, Hale,
Hall, Haulina, Hanson, Hohnan, Hoi ton, Willinm Kel-
logg, Knnpp, Law, bazeai, Learv, Mailoiy, May. Mav-
natd.Menzie^, Mori is, Noble, Nuell, Norton,"Nugeii,
l'i ndlejon. Peiry, Pnee, Itobnison, Scgar, Shioi. Hniuh,
JohnB. Steep-, VViiham G. Steele. Benjamin F. Thoma-*,
Fi.usei* Thomas-, Vibbard, Wad-vvouii, Whaley, Clulfon
A White, Wiekhfle, WoodmlT, and Yeamaxi—04.
NAYS—Me.-su*. Alduch, Allej. Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bakei. Baxter, Beaman, Buigiium, Samuel S*. Blair,
Blake, Butiinton, Campbell, Chambeiiain, Clark, Cohai.
Ficdeiick A Conkhii!!. Uo-coe Conkling. Cutb',.
Dau e*. Oueii, Dunn, Edition. IMwaid-, Ehol. Eh , Teu-
ton, Samuel C. Fe—enden, Thomas A. I). Fe-wndcn,
Fianehot, Fran k.Gooch. Guile v. Hickman, 1 loope--, Unren-
lns, Julian, Ke'ley, Fianen W. KHioiZix, Kilhnae,j. Lau
>ing, Loomix, Lovejoy, Low, McKeati, MeKtoshi. Me
Phcr-on, Mitchell, Mooihe.id,'Anton P. Motuii. JiMei S.
Mouill, Nixon, Pike, Pomcioy, Portei, Potter, Ah \arder
H.Rice, John H. Riee. Itiddle. Edwatd H. Ilollins, San-en;,
Sedgv. jck, Shauks, Shellabargei, Sheiman, Sloae, s-pfiiihi-
ing, Stevens Stratum. Train, Trimble, Tiowbruine, Nan
ilrnn. Van Yalkeiibuijrh, Walker, Wallace, Wa-hl-mn<',
^Vheeler, Albert S. White, Wiisson, Wmdom, and Wor-
ce^tei—
^5o the House refused to lay the bill on the tabic.
^ Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the mo-
tion to postpone the bill, and make it a special
order for Wednesday of next week, was agreed to.
TAXATION 01? COKE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Rcsoncd, That the Committee of Ways and Mean = he
dheeri'd to inquire into the expediency ot exempting coke
fiom taxation a mauufactuie.
AGltlCCLTUIlAL DIVISION, PATENT 0FP1CE.
Mr. CALVERT submitted the following n so-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Res<jlvc<K That the Seeretaiy of the Interior be, as-d he
i> heuby. directed to fuim-di thN fiou-'c with a tull state-
ment of the an ount ot d'-'hrit any. enntiacted by the late
agricultural division of the I'aient Office, while undei the
control of paid office, which remain dire and unpaid, giv-
