1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI.OB&
exclusive power to organize, arm, discipline, and
govern them; reserving to.the States the power,
equally exclusive, of appointing the officers, and
training according to the discipline prescribed by
Congress.
Tins bill takes away from the States the right
to appoint the officers, while itsubjecls the entire
militia of every State in the Union to be brought
into the service at the pleasure of the President,
giving him the power to appoint every officer from
second lieutenant up to major general, thus break-
ing down that barrier erected by the founders of
the Government to prevent Federal encroachment
upon the rights of the States, the very object for
which this provision, reserving to the States the
exclusive right to apoint these officers, was incor-
porated in the Constitution. A proposition was
made in the constitutional Convention to strike
this clause out of the Constitution. It was voted
down. A proposition was offered giving the Gen-
eral Government the appointment of all officers
above the rank of colonel, and that proposition
wasalsa voted down, it was claimed by the mem-
bers of that body that the militia of the States,
officered by the State authorities, would always
be a sure check against the encroachments of Fed-
eral authority upon the vested rights of the States.
Another safeguard incorporated into the Con-
stitution as a further check against Federal dom-
ination over the States, and the rights and liber-
ties of the people, may be found in that clause of
the Constitution which vests in the Representa-
tives of the people, in Congress, elected at short
intervals, every two years, the exclusive power of
voting appropriations of money for the purpose
of raising and supporting armies, ami which, out
of abundant caution, provides that they shall not
be made for a longer term than two years, thus
giving the people themselves a check upon arbi-
trary power, and against the encroachments of
military authority upon their rights and liberties.
Mr. Hamilton, Madison, and other writers
and commentators upon the Constitution, before
and after its adoption, cited these provisions, and
argued fiom them that they were sufficient guar-
antcesagainst any dangers to beapprehended from
u large standing army.
Now, sir, what does this bill do? It absorbs the
whole of the militia of every State in the Union;
by it every citizen at the will of one man is con-
verted into a soldier; as soon as the die is cast he
becomes subject to the rules and articles of war,
liable to be tried, condemned, and shot under sen-
tence of a drumhead court-martial; and under the
pains and penalties affixed to the crime of deser-
tion he is compelled, at the command u forward,
march," to leave his home, his business, and his
family. Once a fieeman,butnowasiave, obedient
to the beck and nod of some abolition master for
three years or during the war, scarcely time is
given to leave his parting blessing with his wife
and the little hostages he may have given to for-
tune; and ail for what r For the negro, sir,for the
negro; that is the answer which the tiuth compels
me to give. This is no fancy sketch. The life
and the liberty of the white man is the price at
which the negro is to be ransomed. There is but
one escape for the poor white man; if he 1ms $300
he may buy himself. When I contemplate the
scenes that have transpired within the last two
years, I am led to the conclusion that the liberties
of the people and the safety of the Government are
much more endangered from our folly and mad-
ness than from the rebels in arms against us. It
does seem to me that everything has been done
in the name of the Union that could be accom-
plished to render its restoration impossible; and
under pretense of supporting the Government and
enforcing the Constitution and laws, the Govern-
ment has been subverted, and the Constitution
trampled underfoot and violated in all of its vital
provisions; and no more dangerous and fatal blow
lias been struck against them than this bill pro-
poses to give.
This is a proposition, sir, to call out one of the j
greatest standing armies known in the history of
the woi id, in this or any other age. It is to place
in the hands of tin- Chief Magistrate of the United
States a power that will enable him to accomplish
any purpose that he may desire, so far as we at
tlie North are concerned. 1 would not give a rush
for the reserved rights of the States or the boasted
liberties of the people if this power is granted to
the United States and exercised in the mode pro-
posed by the bill now under consideration. You
give away the sovereignty of the States into the
hands of the Chief Magistrate, and make him com-
plete master of the people. The Governors of the
States, if they entertain apprehensions of danger
from encroachments of Federal power upon the
reserved rights of the States, may, under the sys-
tem defined and prescribed by the Constitution,
head the militia and lead them when called into
the service of the United States. They may stand
as a breakwater against centralized and consoli-
dated power. It is the nature, an inherent element
of power, to steal from the many to the few. I
fear me, sir, that this is a part and parcel of a grand
scheme for the overthrow of the Union and for
the purpose of building upon its ruins a new gov-
ernment based on new ideas—the idea of terri-
torial unity and consolidated power. There is no
measure that could be passed as a means looking
to such an end, and that would contribute more
to the accomplishment of such an object, and point
more directly and unmistakably to such purposes,
than the passage of such a hill as this.
Arm the Chief Magistrate with this power—and
what becomes of the State Legislatures? What
becomes of the local judicial tribunals? What
becomes of State constitutions and State laws?
Sir, I am not willing to trust the present
Chief Magistrate with these dangerous powers.
1 would not, with my attachment for our federa-
tive system of government, trust any man with
such powers. The country has been deceived by
the President; we were told by him that this
war, when it was inaugurated, was for the pur-
pose of maintaining the constitutional authoiity
of the Government; that it was waged, on our
part, in no spirit of hatred or revenge, nor for
any purpose of interfering with the established
institutions of the States, but for their restoration
to the Union, with all their rights, dignity, and
sovereignty unimpaired, as equal and honored
members of the Confederacy. These were the
declared objects of the war, by the President,
by his Cabinet, and by Congress. Under these
deceptive and delusive promises, a million men
rushed into the ranks of the Aimy. They have
been deceived, the country has been deceived,and
neither of them have any confidence in the Ad-
ministration; they will not be deceived again;
hence the necessity of this bill.
Aim a Chief Magistrate who has thus violated
all his pledges and who has shown himself to be
the willing dupe of faction with the power which
this bill proposes to give without check or re-
straint, and what may we expect? State constitu-
tions, State laws, State Legislatures, and Suite
courts, Federal Constitution, Federal laws, and
Federal courts, habeas corpus, trial by jury, free-
dom of election, freedom of sneech, and freedom
of the press,'will all go down beneath the tread of
an overwhelming standing army. State lines will
be blotted out with State institutions, and a cen-
tralized imperial despotism will wield an undivided
sway throughout the length and breadth of the
land,and all tlie institutionsofthecountry, whether
State or Federal, will exist, if they are permitted to
exist at all, by the sufferance of the Executive, and
they will soon cease to derive their tenure from any
other source.
By the provisions of this bill the President is re-
quired to appoint provost marshals in every con-
i gressional district of the United States.
MESSAGE VROM THE SENATE.
A message Was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed an act(H. R. No.290)
forthe reliefofThomas Youngand George Young,
owners of the schooner Elizabeth Mary, with-
outamendment;and ajoint resolution (H. R. No.
150) granting authority to the Independent Line of
Telegraph to locate and construct their telegraph,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill of the Senate (No.
492) to amend the laws relating to the Post Office
Department, asked for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed Mr. Collamer, Mr. Trumbull,
and Mr. Rice, the committee of conference on its
part.
Also, that the Senate insisted on its amendment
to the amendment of the House to bill of the Sea-
ate No. 407, to' fix the terms of the circuit cottffc
in the district of Wisconsin, agreed to the confer
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
thereon, and had appointed Messrs. Trumbulx/,
Doolittle, and Grimes the committee of confer-
ence on the partwf the Senate. • -
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (Nff.
545) to amend an act entitled "An act to promote
the efficiency of the Navy," approved December
23,1861, and for other purposes; in which he \hm
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. With the permission
of thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. White,] I move
that the bill of the Senate (No. 545) to amend
act to further promote the efficiency of the Navyr
be taken from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was re-
ferred accordingly.
Mr. COLFAX. The Senate have asked for a
committee of conference on the bill of the Senate
(No. 492) to amend the laws regulating the Post
Office Department. I move that the House insist
upon their amendments to that bill, and agree to
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
TheSpEAKER subsequently appointed Mr. Cot*
fax, Mr. Blake, and Mr. Odell, as such com-
mittee upon the part of the House.
C0NSC1UPT ACT—AGAIN.
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. I was going on farther
to say that this bill provides for the appointment
of a provost marshal in every congressional dis*
trict m the United States. It provides for the ap-
pointment of persons for talcing the census of
those who are subject to military duty. It pro-
vides for the appointment of draft commissioners.
Ail these officers will be appointed by the exec-
utive officer of the United States, and they*will
be violent political partisans, holding the personal
liberty and the personal security of every citizen
within the congressional districts of the United
States, as it were, in the hollow of their hands.
Those provost marshals are armed with the power
to arrest for treasonable practices. In God's name,
what does that mean? This is the most singular
definition of crime 1 have ever seen embodied into
any statutory enactment of this or any other coun-
try. What are treasonable practices? Who are
to determine what they are? Are these provost
marshals, many of tliem unskilled in the law, to
determine that question ? Why, it will have as
many definitions and as many meanings as there
are provost marshals to construc the statute. If
a man gets up and argues upon the stump against
this wicked, this corrupt, and this usurping Ad-
ministration, he will be denounced as engaged in
treasonable practices, according to the view of
these political partisans, who are made thejudges
of the loyalty of every man in this country.'
To what extremity have we come? This is a
crime that has no definition anywhere, except and
save in the shut soul of some military commander
or provost marshal; and first time a citizen,
unoffending though he may be, knows that he has
committed a wrong will be when an officer taps
him upon the shoulder and announces the fact that
he is his prisoner. The order for his arrest will
contain for the first time a written definition of his
crime. Why, sir, if the devil himself were to tax
his ingenuity he could not invent a more com-
plete device for destroying the liberty and happi-
ness of the people than this bill, as illustrated in
the light of the history of this country for the
past eighteen months.
Treasonable practices! Why, sir, in the opin*
ion of many of those gentlemen upon this floor who
assume to be the especial guardians of the loyalty
of the country, 1 have no doubt 1 would be con-
sidered as engaged in treasonable practices while
denouncing this measure and this scheme,ael do
denounce it here and now.
Oh, but it is said that these men are only to b®
arrested and detained for a short period of time,
and for a temporary purpose, which will pass
away with the occasion, and that after the draft is
all over they are to be delivered over to the judicial
tribunals of the country Delivered overt what
for ? Is there any man here who ever expccts that
anybody will ever be tried for treasonable prac-
tices ? No, sir; it is a device; it is a catch; it is^n
excuse; it is an apology, to afford some justifica-
ttair for t&9 monstrous &ttdou4r&$et>tx* provision
