1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the exercise of an important power by the State
governmentforthree fourths of a century, and this
almost without question, is no unsatisfactory evi-
dence that the power is rightfully exercised to
charter banks to isstie bank notes to circulate as
money. The Supreme Court of the United States
decided in this case that the act incorporating the
Bank of the Commonwealth of Kentucky was a
constitutional exercise of power by the State of
Kentucky; and the notes issued by the bank were
not bills of credit, within the meaning of the Con-
stitution of the United Spates, but were oidinary
bank bills, issued and circulated as currency.
It was argued in this ease that if the .Bank
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky should be
declared unconstitutional by the court, all State
banks founded on private capital would be uncon-
stitutional. Justice Story, who gave a dissenting
opinion in that case, denied this position, and de-
clared that the States may create banks as well as
other, corporations upon private capital, and, so
far as the prohibition in the Federal Constitution
is concerned, may rightfully authorize them to
issue bank bills or notes as currency. The Con-
stitution does not prohibit the emission of all bills
of credit, but only the emission of bills of credit
by (t State; and when I say by a State, I mean by
or in behalf of a State in whatever form issued.
It does not prohibit private persons, or private
partnerships, or private corporations, (stiictly so
called,) from issuing bills of credit.
In the case of Darrmgton ins. The State Bank of
Alabama, (13 Howard Reports, 12,) the Supreme
Court of the United States decided that the bills
of a banking corporation, which has corporate
property, are not bills of credit within the mean-
ing of the Constitution, although the State which
created the bank is the only stockholder, and
pledges its faith for the ultimate redemption of the
bills.
Mr. Justice Nelson decided at the last October
circuit held at Albany, that so much of the sec-
ond section of the act passed by Congress at its
last session, authorizing the issue of small postal
currency, as prohibits State banks from issuing
bank notes of a less denomination than one dol-
lar, was unconstitutional. llis decision was
placed upon the ground that any State has the
power to incorporate banks and authorize them
to issue circulating notes of any denomination
either above or below that of one dollar, and that
Congress has no power to interfere with State
authority in respect to the issue of such notes.
This power on the part of States is incident to
sovereignty, and there is no limitation in the Con-
stitution of the United States on the exercise of
such power by the States, and theiefore that Con-
gresshascxceeded itspoweis in attempting to pro-
hibit State hanks from issuing notes of a less de-
nomination than one dollar 1 am informed that
Judge Swayne gave a similar opinion at the cir-
cuit court held in Ohio during the month of Oc-
tober last.
Under all the circumstances, it does seem to me
that it is unwise for Congress, at this late day,
and after the existing banks have become so firmly
established undei State laws, to incoiporate into
the national bank bill provisions hostile to them,
and with a view to destroy their chartered privi-
leges which they hold under State authority, i
think it will be unjust to those citizens who have
in good faith invested their money in them, and
an attack on the firmest and best friends of the
Government, who have thus far furnished a large
share of the money to prosecute the war to this
time.
In these perilous times, State stocks are held
in much higher estimation in many of the States
than United States stocks. Banks will be loth to
part with State securities. They will not throw
their State bonds, which are worth a premium of
eighteen per cent., upon the market, and depress
them to raise the price of United States stocks; and
without doing this they have not the means of
purchasing Fedeial bonds. There are vast inter-
ests embraced by our present local bunks. Many
of the noi thei n Slates have made their State stocks
the basis tor the if-sue of bank notes, amounting
in the aggiegate probably to $50,000,000. The
value of these stocks depends, tn some measure,
upon the Stare laws which constitute them the
basis for bank circulation. These State stocks
are also sought after for investment by individu-
als, because they are considered perfectly stable
and safe. State stocks are notlikely to be increased
in amount in these times, while United States
bonds are liable, as long as the war lasts, to an
indefinite" expansion. It is plain that great injury
must be encountered, and large losses sustained,
if State bonds are forced on the market to make
room for United States securities. State stocks
of the northern States are very stable in price,
and not subject to the same fluctuation as United
States bonds. I believe that all attempts to coerce
the banks or the people to part with their State
stocks to make room for Federal bonds will be
mischievous in their consequences. That by so
much as the credit and strength of the national
bonds would be increased,an inverse injury would
result to the State obligations, and to all interests
and chartered rights connected with them. It is
so doubtful an experiment that I think it should
not be resorted to at this time, especially when it
is so perfectly clear that you cannot realize any
considerable amount of money by such a coercive
policy.
It must notbeunderstoodfrom anything I have
said that I am in favor of an expansion of the cir-
culation of existing banks. On the contrary, I
am opposed to it. The existing banks should be
kept under close supervision; and for all increase
in their circulation, since they suspended specie
payments, ] am entirely willing that some policy
should be adopted by the States or the General
Government to prevent them from inflating the
currency. 1 am willing that a tax of two percent,
should be ievied on all their increase of-circula-
Uon since the 1st of January, 1862. This would
be a tax on their abuse of chartered privileges, and
not a blow aimed at the total destruction of all
banks alike, good and bad. What I oppose is
an attempt on the part of Congress to destroy the
vested Lights of citizens, which they hold under
the guarantee of .State sovereignty, and which are
to be protected as sacredly as any other chartered
rights or property held under State laws. Let all
property be taxed as nearly equal as possible,
leaving no just cause for complaint from any class
of citizens.
Having shown that the proposed national bank
bill is not only unjust in some of its provisions,
but that it will not yield any considerable amount
of money to meet the appropriations for the cur-
rent and next fiscal year, the other question to be
considered is:
Can the money be obtained by loans* It
will be recollected that the amount to be provided
for, over and above the sums to be realized from
duties on mipoitsand internal revenue, exceeds
the sum of $1,100,000,000. This is a huge sum
fo be borrowed in the ensuing eighteen months.
As I have before stated, over $2,500,000 will be
required every day, Sundays included, between
this and the 1st day of July ne\*t. The receipts
from postal currency, customs, and taxes during
that time will not probably exceed the sum of
$600,000 per day, leaving £1,000,000 to be obtained
daily m some form by loan. Congress, by us
legislation at the last session, has to a consider-
able extent changed the sLandaid of value fur all
business operations within the United States.
The slumlord of value fixed by Congress is
legal tender Treasury not( s, eonvui tible at any
time into United States specie-paying bonds, bear-
ing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum,
payable half yearly in coin, based upon adequate
taxation upon the entire property of the country.
Legal tender notes constitute the national cur-
rency now established by law. All exchanges
of property, all contracts, and all loans, arc based
upon the value of legal tender notes and United
Stales dx per cent, bonds. The law of Congress
declares that these notes shall be lawful money,
and a legal tender m payment of all debts, public-
and private.
The Secretary states in his annual report that
previous to the 1st of November, 1862,
•'The had been practically demonetized and with-
drawn trom u-ic as curienry, oi as a baai*> lor ctiricnev."
* * "That on the bU«pfni>ion of specie payment",
and the substitution lor com of United States notc>, con-
vertible into per cent, specie-paying bomh.a-* the legal
staiida'il of value, cold became an article o( merchandise,
snhjeetro Hie nrdm.uj fluetnation.s of supply and demand,
and to tlie extraoidmaty fluctuation's oi mere speculation."
Gold does not circulate at all as currency, and
there is no probability that it will circulate as
money for several years to come—certainly not
during the progress of this gigantic war to put
down the rebellion. This is to be regretted, but
it cannot be avoided. The war itself is greatly
to be deplored, but it cannot be avoided. We
have the monster rebellion by the ears, like the
backwoodsman who held the ferocious wolf—
if we let go, he wilt destroy us; we must there-
fore hold on till we subdue him. No compromise
can be made. The rebels will not negotiate on
any basis except that of separation and an ac-
knowledgment of their independence. The war,
therefore, must go on. Wnile the war lasts the
magnitude of the expenses will be so great that
there is not coin enough in the country to carry
it on with gold and silver. It cannot be obtained.
We must try to mitigate, as far as we can, the
evils growing out of the necessity of making le-
gal tender notes the standard of value.
You cannot dispose of your twenty year six per
cent, bonds for gold without submitting to a loss
of over thirty cents on every dollar; in other
words, for every dollar of bonds issued you can
only get seventy cents in gold. Even if you should
be willing to submit to this sacrifice, it is not at
all probable that you could negotiate $25,000,000
of bonds for gold before you would be obliged to
submit to a sacrifice of fifty cents on every dollar
sold. Notbecause your bonds are not as good dol-
lar for dollar as goki, but because the whole amount
of gold in the country that could be had for cir-
culation docs not probably exceed $250,000,000;
not a sufficient sum to carry on the immense op-
erations of the people and the Government at this
time, even if it could all be brought out and put
into circulation—a thing wholly impracticable at
this time. No one at all acquainted with monetary
affairs believes that we can make sale of any con-
siderable amount of oursixporcent. bondsatover
fifty cents on the dollar for gold—a sacrifice too
great for this House to seriously consider, if any
other mode can be devised which is practicable.
It is believed to be practically impossible to nego-
tiate your bonds for gold without too great a sac-
rifice. If you cannot negotiate loans for gold, will
it be wise to change the independent Treasury law
so as to allow loans to be negotiated for notes of
suspended banks? There was a general suspension
of specie payments by the banks and the Govern-
ment on the 31st of December, 1861. In February
following, Congress passed the law for the issue of
legal tender notes, and authorized the Secretary
to make loans, and receive these notes in pay-
ment; but the Government has not deemed it best
to take suspended bank notes in payment for loans
or any other dues to the Government. I do not
think it wise to adopt that policy at this time. The
question then arises, can you sell bonds enough
every day and get your pay for them in legal tend-
er notes already issued ? It is perfectly apparent
to all who are acquainted with the money market
that this cannot be done. Currency has been
scarce all the time for the last eight months, and
is now very difficult to be obtained in sufficient
quantity to meet the business wants of the coun-
try. In many places through the interior of the
States, bankers and business men have been obliged
to pay as high as one quarter and one half per
cent, premium to get currency (bank bills and
greenbacks) to carry on ordinary business oper-
ations.
It is well known that all the New England ami
New York country banks redeem their bills now
at the Suffolk Bank, Boston, and the Metropoli-
tan Bank, New York, precisely as they did be-
fore the suspension of specie payments. This
system checks any tendency to over-issue, and is
ei touchstone by which to test daily the demand
for bank bills. If they are not needed for legiti-
mate business, they flow in rapidly to the redeem-
ing banks, but if they are wanted they stay out.
This test is unerring. The daily redemptions, for
months past, have not been half what they were
when the volume of bank circulation was less by
a third than it is at this time. What causes this
scarcity of currency? In the first place,as before
slated, gold and silver no longer circulate as cur-
rency within the United States. Gold is only re-
quired to settle foreign balances, pay custom duties
and interest on the public debt. It is bought and
sold for these purposes as a commodity, but it
does not circulate as money in ordinary business
operations, its place is supplied by bank bills
and legal tender hote<;. in the next place, the
large increase of business .suddenly created by
such a gigantic war as we are now prosecuting
