1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of men who wereafraid here, or anywhere, to de-
nounce and punish the rebels, and those who
would destroy the country, their aiders and abet-
tors, at all times and on every proper opportunity.
Whde I do this, sir, I interfere with the rights of
no loyal citizen. I did not speak of Democrats as
traitors to their country. There are thousands
and tens of thousands of loyal men in that party.
I could mention, with honor, men belonging to
that organization whose names will go down to
posterity, covered with imperishable renown. But
there are also within that party, unfortunately, a
great many men who lose no opportunity to de-
nounce the Administration,to hinderand delay our
military operations in the field, and to give counte-
nance and aid to the rebels and to laud their acts.
The sentiments and speeches of these men are ap-
plauded and are quoted with approbation in the
rebel papers of the South; and they do give aid and
comfort to the cause of the insurgents. Letthedoc-
trines enunciated a moment ago by the member
from Ohio [Mr. Vallandigham] be published in
the South, and what will be the effect? He tells
gentlemen on this side of the House that if we go on
clothing the Administration with power to sup-
press the rebellion, and enact such wise and salu-
tary measures as the conscript bill, we will have
revolution at the North. Revolution, for what? To
strike down the arm of the Government, to para-
lyze the Executive, and to make the rebellion a
perfect success? for that might be the result of
revolution at the North. Sir, these declarations
that we are goings to have a counter-revolution at
the North give more aid and comfort to the rebels
—whether so intended or not by the member from
Ohio—than an army with banners in the field.
They will be induced to bide their time, to strug-
gle on and fight on, hoping for that counter-revo-
lution to take place, when the country shall be
paralyzed,and the Administration stricken down.
Why not, Mr. Speaker,e^ivean honest support
to a measure like this? Why do gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber lose no opportunity
of denouncing the Administration, of finding fault
with, voting against, and denouncing evei y meas-
ure that is brought forwt\rd by loyal men for the
purpose of suppressing the rebellion? Bills for
the purpose of raising men and money, for the
purpose of punishing traitors, have one and all
met with steady and determined resistance on that
side of the Chamber, not from one member but
from many members within this Hall. The effect
of this is in some measure to weaken tiie Execu-
tive, embarrass the Government, and leave the
country at the mercy of the rebels. And yet gen-
tlemen propose nothing in the place of nccessary
mcnsuic-s which they thus oppose ! They propose
no measure in the place of the conscript bill and
all kindred measures. If certain members had
their way the Government would not receive an
additional man or dollar to aid in suppressing the
rebellion, but would be left at the mercy of that
band of desperadoes who would dishonor the flag
and destroy the liberties of the country. And yet
gentlemen tell us that this is done to save the Con-
stitution. Why, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution
was made by the people for the people. It was
made to perpetuate the liberties and government
of this nation, and we who vote arms and men
and money to suppress this rebellion know that
we are sustaining the Constitution in its original
purpose in the broadestand fullest extent. I deny
that the Republican party and those who sustain
the Administration have by any measure they have
advocated or adopted interfered with, destroyed,
or departed from the Constitution of the country
or threatened the liberties uf the people. We arc
for sustaining the honor of the old flag. We are
for the perpetuity of the Union and for maintain-
ing the Government in its full force and effect, now
and forever. But if we were to listen to the coun-
sels of gentlemen upon the other side of the Cham-
ber we would be left with no remedy, for they
have proposed none.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must beg the gentleman
from Pennsylvania not to take up all my time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 beg the gentleman 's par-
don for occupying his time so long upon this sub-
ject. But, sir, what I have said to-day and upon
previous occasions has been from the honest im-
pulses of my heart, and from a sense of duty to
my people and the country. I am for the Amer-
ican Union, and will stand by the Constitution in
its letter and spirit.
Mr. BINGHAM. The argument to which we
have listened to-night, with whatdegree of patience
we could, has been characterized by two most re-
markable assumptions. The one is, that the gen-
tleman from Ohio, whoaddressed the House, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] and those whom he is supposed
to represent, are the sole guardians of the Con-
stitution of the United States of America. And
the other is, that when he and his especial asso-
ciates will it, that great instrument will perish in
the fierce breath of revolution. In my judgment,
sir, these assumptions are unworthy of my col-
league, as they are unworthy of any man who
has grown to man's estate under the shelter of the
Constitution of the United States. The care of
that Constitution is in the hands of the people,
the whole people, who ordained it for the estab-
lishment of justice and the security 6f liberty.
That great people the gentleman no more repre-
sents than I do. When they choose basely to
surrender the sacred trust of the Constitution, it
will fall; but so long as it pleases them to stand
by it, it will be maintained.
If this be so, how comes it that the gentleman
should assume that he is sole interpreter and pro-
tector of the Constitution, and that by a breatn of
his mouth it may be destroyed ? Why, sir, it is
but a few days ago that, upon this floor, in the
very spirit of the speech which he has made to-
night, my colleague undertook to demonstrate, by
mutilating a letter of the Secretary of State, that
the Constitution of the United States d°es
low the American people to protect and maintain
by force of arms then- Government and their na-
tionality against armed treason. I see the gentle-
man feels the force of the remark that upon this
floor he attempted to demonstrate that the Con-
stitution of the United States does not authorize
the American people to suppress by arms armed
rebellion and to maintain by arms their Constitu-
tion and nationality when assailed by rebels!
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
have been, with the gentleman from Ohio, I be-
lieve,a memberof this House for six years. That
I think is the length of the gentleman's term as
well as mine.
Mr. BINGHAM. Ei ht.
Mi-. VALLANDIGHAM. Then the gentle-
man has the advantage of me two years, 1 have
spolten many times here; 1 have never referred
to him; 1 have never undertaken to catechise him;
yet I have scarcely spoken since the holidays or
since the beginning of til is session that he lias not
felt himself called upon not only to attempt to re-
ply to what I have said, but to draw me into a
wrangle upon this floor, a thing for which lie is
eminently qualified, but for which I have the most
sovereign contempt, and of which I shall take no
notice whatever.
Mr. BINGHAM. h is a matter of entire in-
difference to me whether the gentleman takes no-
tice of my statement of his own position and as-
sumption or not. The severity of the statement
made by me consists in the fact that it is true.
As the gentleman interrupted me for no purpose
of denial or explanation, lie will understand that
ho has no right to inteiruptme either to question
my motives or announce his contempt for all who
choose to dissent fiom lus arrogant assumptions.
The suggestion which the genileman now makes
is a fair illustration of the self-importance which
induced the gentleman to announce the assump-
tion of which 1 was speaking. 1 suppose, from
the tone and temper of my colleague's interrup-
tion, that he deems me guilty of the great crimen
lasa majestatis, if I dare to lisp when his majesty
rises in his place here and assumes to speak the
law of the land.
He is not clothed, sir, with any sucli power
over either my person as a citizen or my right
as a Representative. The gentleman makesavir-
tue of necessity, and alter rambling thfough half
ail houroflusspeech to show that we were break-
in "'til rough the in trench men ts of the Constitution,
that we were trampling upon the right of habeas
corints, of freedom of speech, of freedom of the
press, and of the right of trial by jury.; after de-
nouncing us in set phrases for all this, he now uses
and complains that 1 should venture to strike back,
and says that I seek to draw him into a wrangle.
YVhy, the gentleman is the last man on this foot-
stool that 1 would want to have any wrangle
with. [Laughter.] Now, that expression may
be a little ambiguous, and the gentleman may have
the benefit of it.T [Laughter.] Perhaps the gen-
tleman felt warranted in making the remark thathe
did, thinking that there was some special bright*-
ness or force in it; that the world would under-
stand, when he called attention to the fact that I
once before in my life, and 1 believe only onqe, ven-
tured to reply to a speech of his, i thereby sought
to immortalize myself by coupling my name with
so distinguished a person as himself! J f that is
the gentleman's idea, I beg him to count me ogt.
[Laughter.] But, sir, whatever false motives the
gentleman may attribute to me, I wish him to un-
derstand that I shall not sit silent here when I see
a deliberate attempt made on this floor to con*
vince this House on the one hand and the people
of this country on the other that we have no right
by law to authorize, and compel, if you please,
the employment of all the able-bodied menofthe
country to crush out armed rebellion against the
supremacy of the Government, the Constitution,
and the laws. I repeat that it will not do, at all
events for a gentleman who undertakes to demon-
strate upon this floor that the right and the power
are not in the people to make such a law or to
enforce such a lay*, to undertake to tell anybody
that he is the special guardian of the Constitution
and the Union. Go read those words that the gen-
tleman dwelt upon with such emphasis the other
day, and feel the blush of shame mount to your
cheek that any American citizen of this Republic
should utter such a sentiment.
Talk about freedom of speech, talk about the
right of trial by jury, talk about personal liberty,
talk about the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, talk about your construction of 25 Edward
IH,and then come here and proclaim to this House
that " only an imperial or despotic Government
could subjugate thoroughly disaffectad and insur-
rectionary members of the State!"
The gentleman to-night has sought to justify
this remarkable utterance. Hence his elaborate
argument to show the limitation of the provision
of the Constitution, that "treason against the
United States shall consist only in levying war
against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giv-
ing them aid and comfort."
Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to take up any
unnecessary time in the discussion of this great
and important question; but as the gentleman has
seen fit to attempt to justify his words that the
United States Government has not the consti-
tutional right to subjugate traitors and suppress
armed rebellion by force, I deem it my duty to
refer the House to the construction of the statute
of 25 Edward HI, which the gentleman sayS is
literally the same as the treason clause of tho
Constitution of the United States. Let this con-
struction of the statute of Edward go out with
the gentleman's argument, in order that the anti-
dote may go along with the poison which he at-
tempts to infuse into the public mind. The con-
struction of that statute before the Constitution
was made, and, therefore, before its provisions
were incorporated into the Constitution, was that
the words 11 adhering to the enemy ,M &c., applied
to cases only of adherence to a foreign not a do-
mestic enemy. What then? .Whoever adheres
to a domestic enemy engaged in rebellion is, ac-
cording to the legal construction of that great stat-
ute, instead of being indictable under the second
clause thereof, indictable under the first clause,
and to be held chargeable with levying war. That
is all there is of it.
The gentleman, I suppose, would have it go out
that those who send messages to the domestic en-
emy, the rebels in arms against the Government
and laws of<|he United States—that those who
encourage them, as he is reported to have done,
and I hope falsely, in a speech in the city of New-
ark, by saying that if this war for the Union con-
tinues to be waged against the rebels in arms,
" they ought to be induced to invade the northern
States"—are not to be held to answer for treason!
The gentleman would have this House and the
country understand that to encourage rebels in
arms, by speech, is not the crime of high treason
under the provision ofthe statute 25 Edward 111.
For the sake ofthe argument grant it that words
encouraging treason and inciting to treason do
not constitute the crime of tieason, does it result
that such utterances are not a crime, and m such
to be so declared and punished under the Consti-
tution ofthe United States? I know, sir, that by
a high authority it is said, "it seems clearly to
