1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Spaulding] has referred, necessarily incurred by
thisGrOvernmentinthesuppression of their wicked
and inexcusable rebellion. Why, sir, it seems to
me it is needless to reargue a proposition of that
sort, for it is as old as the common law—the
growth of centuries, the gathered wisdom of a
thousand years—that whoever wantonly commits
trespass, whereby others sustain damage or dim-
inution of property, shall be compelled to contrib-
ute of his substance, even to the uttermost far-
thing, to make that damage whole. That is the
principle of this measure, no more and no less,
it is not a matter simply of vengeance; it is not a
matter of vengeance at all; it is a matter of simple
justice; it is a demand of these wiong-dners for
indemnity to the extent of their means for the in-
jury they have wickedly done to the hurt of the
good people of the Republic.
Why, sir, according to what we have heard
suggested here to-day, all the laws of the Federal
Government for the redress of similar wrongs
ought to be abolished. When a citizen comes be-
fore your courts, undei the laws and the Consti-
tution, and makes complaint that his close lias
been broken, that his house has wantonly been
burned, and asks damages to the extent of his loss,
the court according to this logic ought to acquit
the guilty party, because it would offend him to
hold him liable for his trespass, becausc he never
would be reconciled to you if you compelled him
to contribute of his property to make good the loss,
and therefore you ought to pay the costs yourself
and go out of court. I am not of that way of think-
ing. I am for snipping the rebels of their prop-
erty to indemnify the Government against the cost
of suppressing the rebellion, which is but a wicked
trespass against life and property, and in doing
that I would harm no man who is loyal. I deny
that there is a word upon the statute-book that
justifies the conclusion that the property of the
innocent is confiscated, and 1 deny that the advo-
cates of the bill intended to support any such bill,
or favor any such injustice.
Mr. MOilRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to give way to a motion that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. With the
permission of the gentlemen from Vermont and
Pennsylvania, I desire to say a single woid more.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that to-morrow morning we
can, on a full stomach, bear this discussion bet-
ter. I adhere to my motion that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mi. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 6.)9, to piovjde ways and means foi the
support of the Government, und had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. S TEVENS. I move that the special order
on this hill in committee be continued from day
to day until disposed of.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask that my substitute, as
modified to-day, be printed.
By unanimous consent, it was so ordered.
DEFENSE OF KENTUCKY.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sentof the House to take from the Speaker's table
House bill No. 137, to authorize the raising of vol-
unteer forces for the better defense of Kentucky,
with the Senate amendments thereto, and that they
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
TtP.raiENCE OF A BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 459) to provide for the further issue of
bonds of th<> United States and of United States
notes, and for other purposes, be taken from the
Speaker's table,and refeired to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from tho'Speaker's table, read a first and second
time,and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
four o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m.,) the
Hdpse adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 13, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTINGENT FUND OF THE SENATE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present the annual report of the Secretary of the
Senate, communicating a detailed statement of the
payments from the contingent fund of the Senate
for the year ending December 1, 18G2,
Mr. CLARK. That is a long document, and
I suppose it is not necessary to read it. 1 move
that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MKMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of S. L.
Gouverneur, jr., late United States consul at Foo
Choo, China, praying to be reimbursed moneys
expended, and losses sustained, in the service of
the Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented
the petition of Elizabeth C. Willett, daughter of
Joshua Shaw, praying for an appropriation to
her of $7,000, for the use by the Government of
her father's invention of peicussion caps and locks
for small arms, and of percussion locks and wafer
primers to be applied to the firing of cannon; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY pioscnted the petition of the
Wyandott Indians, praying for a final settlement
of ali business transactions with the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of the Wyandott
Indians, praying to be indemnified for losses sus-
tained from white settlers; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask leave to present the pe-
tition of E. J. Du Pont & Company, of Wilming-
ton, Delaware, and some twelve olhergentlemen,
citizens of Philadelphia, who state that they are
manufacturers of gun powder and importers of salt-
peter and sulphur. Their petition, after stating
the reasons why they thmlc itoughtto begianted,
prays that a drawback may be allowed on the
expoitation of gunpowder equal in amount to the
duties paid upon the imported materials, to be as-
certained under such regulations as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary oftheTieasury. I think
there is a great deal of force in the reasons assigned
in the petition, and I beg to present it to the at-
tention of the Committee on Finance, although i
am perfectly aware that, as it reduces duty, it
cannot be acted upon by the Senate by original
bill, but must await the action of the Hou.se on
any amendatory proposition in reference to the
present tariff. 1 move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
It was so leferred.
ItEPOKTS yitOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was leferred the memorial of
W. C. Jewett, of Coloiado, praying that the dif-
feiences of opinion between the North and the
South on the slavery question be submitted for
arbitration to Switzerland and other Powers, re-
ported it back, with a recommendation that it be
indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print the memoual of the Emancipation League,
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the imme-
diate establishment of a bureau of emancipation,
repotted in favor of printing the usual number;
winch was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referied a resolution to print
six thousand two hundred copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, have in-
structed me to report it back, with an amendment
reducing the number to four thousand two hun-
dred, and to ask for its present consideration.
This number is deemed sufficient by the officers
of the survey.
The report was concurrcd in.
Mr. HARDING, from thft Committee on Pnb*
lie Lands, to whom was referred the bili'(S:Ni).
404) to provide for the development of the mineral
resources of the United States, and of" the jra&fio
domain, reported it with amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred a message of .the
President of cite United States, transmitting a copy
of a dispatch to the Secretary of State from Mr.
Adams, minister of the United States at London,
and a copy of a correspondence relative to certain
valuable publications presented to the Library of
Congress, reported that the books referred to had
been received in the Library of Congress, asked to
be discharged from its further Consideration, and
that the report be printed; which was agreed to..
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on thes
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R/
No. 599) relating to the validity of deeds of public
squares and lots hi the city of Washington, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred the bill (H. R.
No. 611) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the vear ending the
30th of June, 1864, and the bill (H. R. No. 617) *
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,1863,
have instiucted me to report them with amend-
ments. I give notice that 1 shall call up both bills
at as early a period as possible.
KITTKRY NAVY-YAKD.
Mr. HALE. I rise, sir, to a matter which
relates, in my judgment, to the privileges of the
body, and 1 will make a very brief statement.
Congiess at its last session appropriated $14,500
for the purchase of certain land adjacent to tha
Kittery navy-yard. The law was plain and ex-
plicit jn its terms, but it remained unexecuted
when the present session of Congress began. At
the commencement of tins session the Senate
passed a resoluti© inquiring why the law had not
been executed. In answer to that resolution, the
Secretary of the Navy sent to us a communica-
tion saying that the reasons would be found in the
report of the Chief of the Bureau of Docks and
Yards. After waiting for some time to obtain
that report from the printer, I examined it, and to
my mind it was entirely unsatisfactory. I then
addiessed a respectful letter to the Secretary so
stating, and declaring further that I thought the
law was plain and explicit, that it ought to have
been executed, and that the.reasons assigned for
the failure to execute it were frivolous and eva-
sive. That letter was submitted to the Chief of
the Bureau of Docks and Yards by the Secretary,
and this morning 1 received a letter from the Sec-
retary, inclosing a communication from the Chief
of that Buieau, in which, among other things, as
a justification for not executing the law, it is al-
leged that Congress, in making the appropria-
tion, were governed by personal instead of public
considerations. 1 look upon that, sir, as a very
gross and offensive attack upon Congress; and I
have diawn up a resolution in which the offensive
extract is embodied. I will read the resolution:
Whereas, the Secretary of the Navy, on the 12ih of J anil -
aiy instant, addro-^ed a lottet to John P. Hah;, a member
of'tlm body, inelOMng a communication hom Joseph Smith,
Ciiiei of the ]«uieau of Yaids and Docks, in refuience to
the ncirk-et to execute a law of this L'ongie s for the pur-
chase of land adjacent to the n,ivy-yard in Kittery, near
Portsmouth, which communication contained the follow-
ing: "It so, and Congrt>s thought proper to make a pur-
chase, unsolicited by tho Department, oi ptoperty, with per-
sonal instead of public consideration'-, the object could only
be attained by making the phr.i^eologv of the law so ex-
plicit an to loliove tho f)ep;utment from any responsibility
or judgment in the premises.55 And wliei eas the foregoing
statement ot the Chief of the Iiuieau of Yards and Dock*
contains a charge of coiruptiou agams-t Congie&s : There-
fore,
Raohcd, That tho Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire into the truth ol the same, what personal '
considerations governed Congie&s. in making the purchase,
and who wen: intlucneed theieby, and that they have power
to send foi petsons and papcis.
If there is no objection to its present considera-
tion, as the resolution is one of inquiry, 1 should
like to have it acted on now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its present
consideration. I am peifoctly satisfied,and I think
I may say that, unless I am very much mistaken,
I know that what was written by the Chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, when taken in con-
nection with all the circumstances, does not ad-
mit fairly of any such construction.
