1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mi\ COX. My colleague [Mr. Bingham] said
in his remarks
Mr. S. C. FE8SENDEN. I object to the gen-
tleman from Indiana yielding to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. COX. It is too late to object. I ask the
Chair to apply the same rule to me that it applied
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Camp-
bell.]
The SPEAKERprotcmpore. The Chair thinks
that the objection comes in time.
Mr. COX. I had almost got through two sen-
tences.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. COX. No, sir. 1 never appeal from your
decision.
Mr.VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, it is either
my good fortune or my bad fortune never to have
been a member of a legislative body until I took
my seat m this Congress. Consequently, I may
not be so familiar with the rules of propriety that
obtain among; members of deliberative bodies as
others who have had more experience. But i
must confess, Mr.Speaker, that, with my limited
experience, I have observed the course of tins
debate with amazement, and with some degree of
honest indignation.
This debate was opened by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Olix,] with a lecture to this side
of the House, informing us how he desired we
should discuss this question. He expected us to
observe certain rules and maxims laid down by
him for the government of our minds and of our
tongues. He informed us what we were to say,
and in what spirit we were to say it. Our de-
portment was his especial care. He gave us that
kind of warning beforehand that schoolmasters
sometimes indulge in when their pupils arc about
to be paraded on exhibition before the public.
We were desired to behave ourselves, and to pur-
sue i\ certain line of conduct marked out for us
in advance by his magisterial authority. The
air of a testy, domineering pedagogue pervaded
the style and substance of all his remarks.
Now, sir, with all the respect that 1 have for
the position which the gentleman from New York
occupies as chairman of the Military Committee,
allow me to inform him plainly to his face that I
know of nothing in his position, nothing in his
principles, nothing in his talents, nothing in his
character, that entitles him to make, or justifies
him in attempting to make for me, or tor any
member of the minority on this side of the House,
any rule of conduct on any subject whatever.
Those which he has laid down to govern this dis-
cussion will not find respectful consideration at
my hands, much less adoption.
After him comes the strap and button gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] who
howled forth his threats on thin floor like some
angry animal in pursuit of prey. Ho tella us what
will happen to us both here mid hereafter. IJe
consigns us all, benevolently and charitably, to
eternal condemnation and special damnation.
That is very kind of him. Possibly it has af-
fected somebody's neives. Doubtless it did affect
his own. I must say, however, that it did not
affect mine at all, except as a gust of harsh and
discordant sound is always more or less jarring
to my ncivous system. It passed by this side
of the House as mere wind, somewhat unpleasant
and disgusting, but entirely hatmless. I submit
that the military and malicious gentleman from
Pennsylvania has no right thus to afflict and an-
noy the persecuted minority in this Hail.
After liim, in the order of debate, on the other
side, comes that strange and eccentric gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who so often holds
this House and these galleries in listening and
wondeiing suspense and attention. In his private
intercourse he is one of tlie kindest and most ami-
able gentlemen whom I ever hud the good fortune
to meet; but on this floor a stranger would take
him to be, not merely Cato the Censor, for I be-
lieve Cato was very dignified, and certainly the
gentleman from Ohio hardly ever is, [laughter,]
but some furious actor in a piav, whose pint re-
quired him to scold and rave atevery human being
who was so unfortunate as to fall beneath his
dreadful scowl. He isstonny and terrible to those
who know him'not, but to those who know him
well gentle as summer, and ascender as the dove
who woos his mate. 1 am apologizing for his
manner to those who do not understand him. His
terrific outbreaks here against the minority may
be regarded.as a sort of pleasant episode to the
grave proceedings of this House, a little ridicu-
lous, but perfectly innocent. It is only his man-
ner that is severe, not his matter. He tells us what
will be tolerated, and what will not be tolerated,
how we shall behave, what we shall say, what
will be worthy of us, and what unworthy of us.
He starts out by telling us that the language of the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallan-
digham,] who held spell-bound this House from
the position in which I stand, with one of the
ablest arguments I ever heard, was all unworthy
of a member of this body. Who constituted him
a judge of his colleagues? Where docs he find the
authority to arraign his peers on this floor? Sir,
there is but one reply to language and conduct
like this. We reject with scorn your unasked ad-
vice; we spurn your offensive lectures; we despise
your puerile threats; we defy the malice which
actuates them; we hold you and your outrageous
insolence in sovereign and most unmitigated con-
tempt. While you keep within the rules of pro-
priety and of duty, all will be well; but whenever
you step out of them, as you have to-night, you
have my answer.
Sir, it ill becomes gentlemen who have met with
repudiation at the hands of their people; who, for
their policy and Conduct on this floor, have been
rejected by thcirown constituents,and who stand
condemned before the country, to come here and
lecture. Democratic members. In common de-
cency you ought to keep silent, as mere cumberers
of the ground whose days are numbered. Pop-
ular majoiities have been piled up against you by
thousands and tens of thousands. Loyal people
.have spoken your knell; the funeral bell has been
tolled over your political graves by patriotic hands;
the grass is giowing green on the sod which cov-
ers you. And yet you dare come here to lecture
living men ! Wo bear in our bodies political vital-
ity; you are political ghosts, specters from polit-
ical graveyards, where the people buried you last
fall, and wrote on your tombstones "no resurrec-
tion." How dare you lecture the living, who yet
stand on the shores of time, and who have some-
thing to do with earthly affairs? [Laughter.] I
invoke the spell of decency and of regard for pro-
priety, and, in the name of that spell, I exorcise
these spirits, and tell them "down, down, to
whence you came.M [Laughter.] The old man
whom Dante saw in his vision of hell, "hoary
white with eld," sitting
"■Reside the woeful tide of Achcron,"
is waiting for you below—
•Trying, woe. to you, wicked spirits! hope not
Ever to see the sky again. I come
To take you to the other tdiore acrosf,
Into eternal darkness, there to dwell
In fieiee heat and ice. And thou who there
Htaiulest, live spirits ! htand apart and leave
Tlie-^e who are dead.''
You talk about what is worthy and unworthy.
Shall I accept gibbeiing and squeaking political
ghosts, who will troop home on the 4th of March
to the vast charnel-house of repudiated politicians,
as my masters? I own but one master in this
Government—it is the sovereign people. I rep-
resent a loyal and magnificent constituency. They
know me well—
'•They are to my fault*! a little blind,
f'ut to m\ virtues very kind.*'
We live somewhat according to the Scriptures,
for we love one another. What 1 fail in works
as their Representative, they credit to good inten-
tions. To them, in grateful memory of the past,
I acknowledge my responsibility to-night. It is
their right to approve or condemn. I accept no
verdict, however, on my principles ormy conduct
at the hands of the fossil remains of a dead party,
which, when alive, was not even respectable. Be-
fore my constituents I stand ready to be judged.
They have already judged mo. They have judged
my Democratic friends, too, who sit around me.
They havojudged my Democrati^colleaguesfrom
the State of Indiana. We have passed a popular
ordeal, as you have; and while you have been
made to ferry the melancholy flood—the river Styx
—with the grim ferryman which poets write of,
unto the kingdom of perpetual night, to return to
the living laud no more in the flesh, we stand here
renewed and strengthened by the life-giving power
of popularapproval—the embodiment of the pop-
ular will.
And we return here not as we first came. When
I first entered this Hall, eighteen months ago, I
came with a small majority compared to that
which sends me to the next Congress. Look at
the smiling faces of Democratic members around
me. They have all told the increase of their ma-
jorities by thousands. Not one but what met ap-
proval at the hands of those whom he represented.
The one or two defeats over which we mourn
were accomplished by a change of districts. Ara
men who come here so indorsed to sit quietly and
allow you, whom the people utterly repudiate, to
shake your fingers in our faces, and tell us our
duties? Sir, while I do not desire, as a member
of this House, to indulge in anything but cour-
tesy in my intercourse with its members; while it
is pleasant always to me to meet my political op-
ponents with nothing but personal kindness; while
1 desire the proceedings of any legislative body
with which 1 may be connected to proceed with-
out a single jar; yet when men so far forget our
rights and their duties, so far forget the proprie-
ties of this place, so far abuse their privileges as
Representatives, as to indulge in the strain of re-
mark which we have heard to-night, I should be
wanting in self-respect if I did not rebuke it, and
resent the spirit which dictates it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us examine some of the
questions that have been befoie the House in this
debate. We have reached a grave and melan-
choly crisis in the history of this war; we have
reached a sad and momentous crisis in the history
of our country; and it becomes us standing here, at
the close of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, to look
back and indulge in some reminiscences of the
past. Let us look back to the circumstances which
surrounded the inauguration of this war. Let us
recall the principles then announced by this Ad-
ministration. Let us recall the pledges which it
gave that this war should be prosecuted solely to
sustain the Constitution, and thus preserve the
Union as it came to us from our ancestors; and
then let us look at the present. Let us behold the
working of the new abolition, corrupt system
which has been adopted for its prosecution* In
this way wc can plainly determine why it is that
this terrible crisis has been reached; why it is
that a conscription bill to force soldiers into the*
field is now engaging the attention of this body.
Sir, let gentlemen here remember, as the people
of the country well remember, the unanimity with
which that unparalleled uprising of the people
took place when this baleful and most disastrous
war first came upon us. It was then announced
that the only purpose was to preserve the Consti-
tution and to restore the Union under the Consti-
tution. That was the object, and none other,
which rallied the people by hundreds of thou-
sands. I remember well the first time I lifted my
voice in this Hall. It was just one year ago. In
that speech I rehearsed the pledged which every
department of the Government had given to the
people, and on which an army was raised for the
prosecution of this war. I read the inaugural of
the President, in which he said he had no power
nor inclination to touch the institution of slavery
in the States, and that the fugitive slave law must
be executed. I read from his message to the
extra session of Congress in July, in which he re-
iterated the statements of his inaugural on these
important questions. I rehearsed the teachings
of the Cabinet, and especially of the distinguished
Secretary of State, who had spoken voluminously
upon these and kindred subjects. They were all
to the same purpose. 1 recalled the announce-
ment of distinguished generals in the field sustain-
ing the doctrine proclaimed by the President and
the Cabinet. All announced then that this war
was to be prosecuted within, by virtue of, and for
the purpose of restoring the Constitution of the
countiy. I saw even then, however, ugly symp-
toms, clouds already gathering in the sky por-
tending that all these pledges were to be broken.
|| The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
j; had introduced his resolutions looking to the en-
j! tire overthrow of the institution of slavery in con-
11 nection with the prosecution of this war. The
ij gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of
|| the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Ste-
• i vens,] had also introduced his celebrated resolu-
|| tions. I therefore at that time read these pledges
i; of the Government against the radical tendencies
j| which I saw developing as rapidly as the Admin-
Si istration darsd. I used upon that occasion *he
