i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State; he was dignified and courteous; hiselevated
moral sense was universally acknowledged; and
the records of our parliamentary history will trans-
mit his name in conspicuous association with the
long list of leading men who impressed their views
upon the policy of the country, and will preserve
to posterity many enduring memorials of his en-
lightened service and exalted patriotism.
Mr. President, in concluding this imperfect and
hasty sketch of our late associate, it will be grati-
fying to his friends to know that no clouds over-
hung his future, but that his pathway to the grave
was brightened by the hopes of a blissful im-
mortality; and in placing upon record the assur-
ance of the complete and comprehensive religious
belief he died in, I am permitted to say that his
mind was so set upon the safety of his soul that
it allowed no contending thoughts beyond those
which the unhappy condition of the country could
not fail to bring before one so truly devoted to its
best interests, and so truly distressed at the perils
which surround it.
He often expressed the only regret he had in
death was that he could not exhibit to the asso-
ciates of his public life the new light which he
deemed not merely of vital importance to every
man, but of inestimable value to every walk in life
—not less to the statesman than to the minister
of the Gospel. "And to add greater honors to
his age than man could give, he died fearingGod."
Thus, Mr. President, lived and died a virtuous
statesman and a Christian gentleman.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate of the United States has re-
ceived with the deepest sensibility the announcement of
the death of lion. James Alfred Fearge.
Resolvedj That, as an additional mark of respect to the
memory of the dccca-scd, the members and ofliceis of the
Senate will wear the usual badge of mourning lor thirty
davrf.
'Resolved, That, as a fin ther inaik of icspert for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjouin.
Ordered, That the Secietaiy communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Kepiesentatives.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, perhaps it
might be questioned whether the custom of an-
nouncing formally the death of those Senators
who die during the recess of Congress, or while
absent from Washington, is altogether advisable
and free from objections; but while it exists no
man's memory is better entitled to its just tribute
than that of the deceased Senator from Maryland.
My acquaintance with Mr. Pearce befoie 1
became a member of this body was so slight,
and our intercourse had been so casual and tran-
sient, that, though an admirer of his public
course, even while we were members of opposing
parties, I did not fully estimate the extent of his
capacity and his value to his country.
In this body, for now neaily twelve years, I have
had better opportunities for observation, and my
admiration and confidence have grown with my
knowledge of the man.
Of an integrity beyond even a suspicion, he was
eminently a statesman, and a conservative states-
man. Highly educated, devoted to his country
and his duties, he brought to theconsideration of
public affairs an enlarged intellect, acute discrim-
ination, and profound knowledge, and, what is
far more rare, a sound judgment, unbiased by
prejudice or passion.
in debate on any subject which he discussed,
he was listened to with attention, and commanded
that confidence and weight in our deliberations to
which he was so justly entitled. Always clear
and logical in his argument, his appeals were to
our reason, not to our passions or prejudices.
Though, perhaps, not a brilliant debater, ins calm
clearness, his moderation of language, and
thorough knowledge of the subject under discus-
sion, made him a formidable opponent, and gave
him a weight and influence in the conductofpub-
lic affairs seldom exceeded.
His love of couutiy and high sense of duty
were beyond question. The courtcsy of a gen-
tleman also characterized his intercourse with his
fellow Senators m this Hall, and in social life 1 can
recall no instance in which ho uttered language
wounding or irritating to the feel ingsof those whom
he opposed in debate. In social intercourse his
intelligence, varied knowledge, and amenity made
him both an agreeable and instructive companion.
{Such is my estimate of our departed colleague.
His loss t6 his State and his country may not
at iiist, amidst the daily occurrence ©f exciting
events, be fully realized, but will be felt in the
future, and his State will find it difficult to replace
him by an equal. To his family and friends that
loss is irreparable;but leaves the melancholy con-
solation, that when so able, so good, and so up-
right a man dies, the loss is not to him, but to those
who survive. I have always fancied there was
much of truth in the saying of thp ancients, lOv
ol Ssoi (piXovaiv, arro^vricrKci veos', and though ourcol-
league did not die a young man, yet he was called
from us in the full maturity of his powers, with
the confidence of his country established by his
past services and career. Cut off thus by the in-
scrutable providence of God in the meridian of
his capacity for protection to his family and ser-
vice to his country, it may be well for us if his
death brings home to our gravest reflections the
transitory nature of human existence, and the
utter vanity of human ambition.
Mr. President, the Senate may possess in the
future^as in the past, more eloquent debaters than
my deceased friend from Maryland, but we shall
look in vain for a sounder judgment, better bal-
anced intellectual and moral qualities, or more re-
flective and enlightened statesmanship, than was
combined in James Alfred Pearce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I knew the
late Senator Pearce well. Members of the Twen-
ty-Seventh Congress in the House of Representa-
tives, and belonging to the same political party,
our relations,though not intimate, were friendly;
and Jl could not fail to recognize in him a careful
and logical thinker, an accomplished scholar, and
a most courteous and agreeable gentleman. Re-
turning to Congress after a long absence,} found
him occupying a most distinguished position in
the Senate, and filling a huge space in the public
eye. Still members of the same political party,
we met only to renew and strengthen our friendly
relations. At that precise period, however, was
pending a measure destined to sever political ties,
separate personal friends, engender and imbitter
sectional controversies, and Anally, in its conse-
quences, to afford the pretext for a long-contem-
plated effort to overthrow the Government and
destroy the Union, leading to all the horrors of
civil war, in its most dire and destructive form.
You will, of coursr, undeistand, sir, that I allude
to the repeal of the Missouri restriction. Of that
repeal, Senator Pearce, though in one sense a
supporter, was not an advocate. I feel justified
in saying that, however he might have felt com-
pelled to countenance that most disastrous meas-
ure, he lamented it«? introduction, foresaw many
of its evils, and had no sympathy either with its
authors or their purposes.
Of the time which has since elapsed, I have
only to remark, in this connection, that it placed
us, politically, wide as the poles asunder. We
were in opposite currents,and they bore us daily
further and further apait. A southern man and a
slaveholder, lie became, whether from necessity
or choice, v. participator in the consequent strug-
gle for permanent southern ascendency; and truth
compels me to admit that most of the series of
measures which marked that struggle received
his cooperation. There wrre occasions,however,
when, shaking from his limbs both sectional and
party shackles, he disdained to violate lus sense
of right in obedience to the behests of party or
section. Of such occasions instances might easily
be found, and some of them are probably within
the recollection of many Senators now present.
An event approached which was to throw into
the shade all previous epochs in the history of this
nation. The evil seed, industriously sown by de-
signing and wicked men, sprang forth at last,and
produced its deodly fruit. The pernicious doc-
trines taught by the apostles of treason, under the
names of nullification first, and secession after-
wards, culminated in open rebellion. Tholcadeis
of that rehelhon were many of them his personal,
and all of them his political fiiends. They claimed
to be acting in defense of an institution vital to
their welfaie, and m which all had a common in-
terest. They claimed, moreover, that their com-
mon rights were in danger of utter overthrow and
consequent annihilation, and called upon all ex-
posed to the common penl for aid, either in the
council orm the field. Gigantic in itspioportions,
the lebelhon was prepared with a skill, burst forth
with a fury, and was conducted with a vigor,
which, notwithstanding its colossal strength, has
shaken our national edifice to its base^ I am, how-
ever, happy in the belief that at no time did th*&
horrible crime against humanity receive either
countenance or sympathy from the Senator-of
whom I am speaking. Southern man though he
was, and closely allied to the South by family and
friendly ties, his clear and logical intellect was
never clouded or confused for a moment by the
meretricious jargon with which treason strove to
cover its deformities; nor was his heart, pained
as it undoubtedly was by the rending asunder
of so many cords, perverted from its allegiance.
Failing in health, and conscious that the destroy-
er's hand was upon him, he gave to his country
all his remaining strength. To the Government,
thoifgh not of his choice, he yielded a steady, unfal-
tering and liberal support—not timidly and grudg-'
ingly, but manfully and generously. Though dis-
approving, as a constitutional lawyer, of measures
which the Executive believed to be essential, he
did not reserve all his indignation for them, while
finding no words of rebuke for infinitely greater
sins. His courage was not of that anomalous
character which sees no terror in the comet as it
rushes athwart the sky—
"And from its horrid hair
Shakes pestilence and war,"
while it trembles at every falling star.
I have said that I was happy in the belief that
at no time since the commencement of this great
struggle was he of whom I speak untruS to his
trust. My satisfaction has its origin particularly
in the fact that, notwithstanding all difference of
opinion and diversity of action, our personal re-
lations al ways remained of the most friendly char-
acter. To daily intercourse in the Senate was
more recently added constant and frequent asso-
ciation upon two committees. It was not pos-
sible that such intercourse and association with
Senator Pearce should fail to create a high esti-
mation of his capacity as a legislator, while they
developed qualities of mind and traits of charac-
ter eminently striking and attractive. Long a
member of the Committee on Finance, and assid-
uous in the discharge of his duties, no man was
better versed in the financial history of his coun-
try, more thoroughly comprehended its resources,
or was moie familiar with its wants. Econom-
ical from principle and habit, convinced that a lav-
ish expenditure was of evil tendency in nations
as in individual affairs, and conscientious in the
discharge of public as of private trusts, he was
scrupulously careful of the public money. But
he was too broad a statesman and too well aware
of national obligations and necessities toJ)e mean
or niggardly. There was nothing local or sec-
tional in his legislation. With him the voice of
justice was potent, and he obeyed that voice as
willingly when borne upon a northern as a south-
ern breeze.
Chairman for many years of the Committee on
the Library, his associates on that committee en-
joyed a companionship with him no less pleasing
than instructive. Distinguished as a scholar in
early lifts thoroughly imbued with alove of letters
and of science, delighting'in books, he had read
much and well upon a great variety of subjects.
An accurate and painstaking lawyer, his mind
was disciplined to logical exactness. Fond of the
beautiful in all its forms, and quick to discern it,
his taste, naturally good, had been highly and
carefully cultivated. He loved poetry and paint-
ing and sculpture and music and flowers. It ia
not singular that, thus organized, he should have
felt and manifested a deep interest in whatever
tended to enlarge the boundaries of knowledge,
i and to increase the sum of human enjoyment—
: that the Library of Congress, the Smithsonian In-
j stitution, the Coast Survey, the Botanic Garden,
j oui exploringandscientificexpeditions,theadom-
i mcnt of the Capitol, all should have experienced
! his fostering care, and found in him an advocate
, and a friend.
; Thus bringing to the discharge of his duties a
. rare intelligence and a highly cultivated intellect,
| trained and disciplined in the forum, fluent and
( easy of speech, graceful in manners, and of a win-
■ ning address, speaking always directly to the
! point in debate, our late associate early attained
! and always held an enviable position among the
i most prominent members of this body. No one
; ever presumed less upon such well-earned honors.
I Affable and courteous, he was careful not to offend
.1 by word or manner. Quick to resent an affront,
