1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
following language, on whTch 1 look back with
pleasure to-night:
'* Mr. Chaiiman. 1 am amazed, utterly amazed, wlini l
contrast the present with the pa- t on this subject. Ail is
changed, at least -o lar as Congress is concerned. Pledge
upon pledge lias been made by every department of the
Government m the opening stages of this conflict. The na-
tional f.uth has been plighted at home and abroad in the
moat binding and obligatory manner, that the domestic laws
and customs of the seceded Suites were not to be violated,
that slavery was not to be abolished, that 'savages were
not to be let loose.' We heard no indignant piotests then
against this policy. 7'ongues that are now loud in its de-
nunciation were then mute. Voices that are now high in
wrath against it were then silent.
il An army, however, of six hundred thousand men now
stands banded together under the stem contiol ot military
discipline. In that, I «ippo*e, the object of conseivattve
pledges is accomplished, and the tune has arrived tor the
fulfillment of the purposes of tins win, aeeoidmg to the
views of abolitionists. They demand now that all these
pledges shall be broken. Tiiey demand that the faith ot the
Government shall be dishonored. They demand that the
present Administration shall be disgraced in the eyes ot all
the woild bv abandoning its own deliberate conjunction
of tin? Constitution—it-- own boldly and openly mat Kod hue
of policy. They demand that the Auny shall be deceived;
that the piomises by which it was laised shall be proved
false ; that the soldier shall now finht and die in the pios-
ecution oi purposes which were concealed hom him when
he enlisted, and which he abhors. They demand that the
people hhall bo betrayed and their haul-earned money taken
to support this wai, conducted on principles which they ut-
tei ly repudiate. And, above alI, they demand Hut the Con-
stitution be ruthlessly violated ; that the laws be stricken
down ; and that the old Union, such as our fathers made it,
shall never be restored. Ilatl they avowed their purposes
at the opening of tins war, and appealed to the countiy to
supportthe atro6ious doctrines which they now avow; had
they made their demands then, no pioud auny would now
line a thou.-and miles of bolder; but, lathes, as my col-
league [Mr. Dunn] has well and truthtully said on tins flooi,
our army would have been composed ot a small and de-
luded band,such as followed John Brown to Ilaiper's Feny.
Let these demands be granted now, and the appalling fact
will stand confessed that a stupendous iraud ha* been prac-
ticed on the nation, and that the Army of the United States
has been obtained by false pretenses. Let these demands
be gianted now, and no American Union will ever more
bless the eyes of men."
Mr. Speaker, one by one all these fatal demands
of extreme unconstitutional abolition ism have been
granted by this Administration. Every conserv-
ative pledge by which a mighty army was ob-
tained has"been broken; everyone. The people
who rallied under your pledges solemnly given,
and filled the ranks of your Army, have been de-
liberately deceived. They trusted you once, and
you lrave been false to them. This is the reason
why a new army cannot be raised fiom a willing
people. This is the leason why you seek to es-
tablish a despotism by this bill, in order to fill the
ranks of the Army by force. This is the reason
why Republican members themselves admit that,
loyal as arc the people of the country, you cannot
getanother volunteer. A confiding people believed
when they drew their swords that it was to uphold
the pnnciples of the Constitution; they believed
they were following the ark of the living God
through the wilderness to uphold and protect it
from the hands of idoUteis. This House told
them, the President told them, the Cabinet told
them, their leading generals told them, that when
the Army was once raised itshould be used to sus-
tain the old glory, the old flag, to give us back the
Union and the Constitution as they weic in the
beginning. But they have been cruelly betrayed,
and hence, Mr.Spcaker, to-night,this conscription
bill. Had this war been conducted for the Con-
stitution, no coercion would have had to be prac-
ticed upon the people of the North; no conscrip-
tion bill would now be needed. Il the people did
not feel, if they did not know that they have been
deceived and their confidence used for corrupt and
unlawful ends; if they did not fee! that their blood
had been taken for purposes never contemplated
by them; if they did not feel that their firs:-born
had been stricken down in battle to carry outpur-
poses which were hidden from them when they
were seduced by false promises into the ranks;
if the people were not deeply impressed with all
this, you would not now have a bill before this
House authorizing, in violation of the Constitu-
tion, the exercise of a despotic, a conscriptive, a
cocrcive power over the loyal people of the coun-
try to get another army. "You have destroyed the
public confidence, and that is the reason why you
* are now resorting to this measure.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard much hostile criti-
cism and listened to many assaults made on the
minority of this House because of the party spirit
which it is alleged wc have shown. We came
here feeble, it is true; we came surrounded by
the flames of popular frenzy, equal almost to the
flames through which the three Hebrew children
walked m the days of old. The smell of fire,
however, is not, 1 believe, on our'garments. We
have been wonderfully preserved thus far from
the malignant machinations of those who perse-
cute the faith of the fathers.
Sir, when this memoiable and mischievous
Congress first met, your watchword of falsehood
and delusion was " no party." All party spirit
was to be banished. AM party purposes were to
be abandoned. Party schemes and party princi-
ples were all to be laid aside, and perfect unity
was to prevail in the North for the preservation
of our blessed Union. No former party platforms
were to bcconsidered. A universal sacrifice was
to be made of them all for the good of the coun-
try. You quoted the words of the great Douglas
in his dying hour to support you in your enor-
mous imposition upon the people. Sir, Mr. Doug-
las in his life was ready, as he would be now if ho
were alive, to sink all party, to yield every other
consideration upon earth, for the good and for the
salvation of the country." And the Democratic
party, true to his dying admonitions on this sub-
ject, has brought forward not one party measure
in this Congress; not one. Put that in your list
of articles to be remembered in that long Siberian
j banishment to which you hasten. We have kept
the injunction of the dying chieftain. But how
has it been with you, so loud in professions and
so empty of even decent works? .With the ad-
monitions of Douglas upon your Hps, you have
trampled under foot all the principles held most
dear by him. You have insulted him in his grave.
You have mocked the memory of his whole pub-
he life. You have poured out your crocodile tears
and lifted up your spurious grief over his death
only to take shelter under his great name for the
purposes of popular deception. You are false and
o(Tensive mourners at our funeral. Stand aside
and let the friends of the great dead surround his
bier; and for fear you will again deceive the coun-
try, I will this*night tear off your masks and let
your sinister countenances and your miserable
and unholy purposes be seen in their true light.
It is a work that has been needed on this floor for
a long time, and I take some reproach to myself
that it has not been done befoie. I would feel
this reproach more, however, if J was not con-
scious that you had saved yourselves, in a groat
measure, by suppressing discussion by a cow-
ardly resort to the rule** of tins House.
Sir, when you came here crying no party, your
j firstact of legislation was to ingrafton the statute-
book the very soul and vitality of the Chicago
platform, a law to carry out a principle against
which Stephen A. Douglas warred until he died.
In hot haste you carried out the principle of inter-
vention in the Temtories. You abolished slavery
in them all. You passed a Wilmot proviso every-
where. Loudly and furiously protesting against
party measures, with one felonious grab you took
all that your party ever dared openly to contend
for. If we genily hinted that this was bad faith,
we were silenced by the clamorous cry of the
whole pack yelling after us that we were traitors.
If we ventured to suggest that you were taking
advantage of a daik hour and stormy night in the
history of our poor country to cheat the public
mind in regard to your ultimate designs^ we were
cried down instantly by mercenary threats and
venal and corrupt newspapers. You carried out
the Chicago platform, but you did not stop there.
You continued your cry of no party ! no party!
But what was the next measure? You launched
outa little further into the sea of abolitionism. One
of the pet schemes of the abolition party proper
has been for a quarter of a century the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. You seized
upon it, and brought it forward in the name of no
party! When the minority denounced it, when
the venerable and distinguished statesman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] appealed to you to
forbear, we were informed by such models of
patriotism and twnonism as the gentleman ftom
Illinois [Mr. Lchejoy] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mi*. Stevens,] that the loyalty of
the Democracy and thi  border fcjtate membei & was
sorelv questioned and narrowly suspected. You
earned it out by your well-drilled majority, and
you thereby taxed my constituents and yours,
Mr. Speaker, [Mr, Colfax in the chair,] to buy
the black chambermaids, barbers, and broken-
down boot-blacks in this city. You made them
free, it is true, but their freedom lias- been to tbeiia
a curse and not a blessing, as the daily pictured
on these streets amply testify. It was necessary,
however, I suppose, for the vigorous prosecutibn
of the war, that white men should be taxed to. pay
for black men,and to support them in idleness arret
vice. And if I raise my voice against the taxing
of my constituents for such infamous purposes,
I am told that it is no time now for any paU'y
spirit. Perhaps you are correct that it should nfct
be allowed on this side of the House. You need
an entire monopoly of it yourselves, in order to
carry out the malevolent schemes of the abolition
party.
You have left nothing undone in the whole range
of fanaticism to overwhelm the land with uni-
versal abolitionism—not merely abolitionism of
the old sort, butabolitionism of anew type, which
makes the white'man work for'the negro instead
of the negro working for the white man, accord-
ing to the obsolete ideas of our fathers. You have
gone vigorously to work, taking advantage of our
national distress, to carry outevery abolition meas-
ure ever dreamed of by the wildest and most en-
thusiastic zealots of the abolition faith. You have
taken advantage of this war to corrupt the foreign
policy of the Government, and to recognize the
only two negro Governments on the face ©f the
earth as our national equals. Not content with
your own country as a theater for vour folly, you
have gone, like so'many Captain Cooks, circuifi-
nuvigating the world, hunting for islands in tho
sea, and distant shores on winch to display your
bastard benevolence and your insane transcend-
entalism. You found Liberia, and you found
Ilayu, and you made this once proud Republic
take off its hat and exchange bows of equality
with Ethiopia. The people are taxed to send min-
isters to these dusky barbarians, in order to show
the world that negro equality is at last one of the
institutions of this country. The negroes, of
course, feel flattered by these delicate attentions,
though 1 confess they have no reason to, for I have
always held that respectable negroes were much
better in every respect than white men who rec-
ognized their civil or social equality. But the Af-
rican, in this instance at least, has taken our ad-
vances kindly, and I see by the papers that his
sable highness's envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary from Hayti to the republican court
of Abraham Lincoln has just arrived in New York,
and will soon salute the refined social circles here
with the odors of his diplomatic presence. I take
the following from the New York Herald, and as
it will be precious intelligence to the majority
here, I gladly furnish it, and trust it may give you
pleasant dreams to-night:
Personal Intelligence.— The Minister fiom Hayti—
E Romanic, Ch.ng* d'Affsurcs fiom llayti to the United
States, is still stopping at the St. Nicholas Hotel, with his
secretary of legation, I). J3runo. The minister is about
thirty two ycai.-. of age, of medium height, and exceedingly
dark and swarthy complexion. lie weais a heavy black mus-
tache and nnpeiial. llis hair is generally a little fuzzy and
woolly-looking, which is owing to the want of a careful
dres-tn«, a« alter undergoing a course of tonsorial manipu-
lation it would lie as sti.iight as that of any Saxon among
u&. The cheek bones arc rather higher than are usually
•=cen in this latitude. The prevailing expression of his face
is good- natured and friendly. Heavy black eyebrows arch
over a pair of fine, full blaclc eyes, which seem always ready
to gleam and light up with merriment. During his stay at
the St. Nicholas Hotel the habitues of that establishment
have on several occasion? had an opportunity to witness his
pioficiency at billiards. He handles, a cue with almost tho
skill of a I'helan or Kavanagh. Cigarettes he smokes in
great quantities, and astonishes the beholders by the case
and nonchalance with which he ejects the smoke from his
nostrils. In many different ways he has managed to win the
good opinion of all with whom he has come in contact, and
the opinion of Jus sociability and courtesy is very unani-
mous. The secretary of legation, 1). Ihuno, is a much
younger man. In his appealance there are several indica-
tions that the blood of the children of Ham courses through
his veuH. He is not so thoroughly proficient in the English
language as the minister, who speaks it with great correct-
ness and purity. They are expuctcd to leave for Washing-
ton in a few days.
Let them come, and that speedily. There is a
fitness in all things, and they ought to be here to
lend color to the other dark affairs of this Adminis-
tration.
But, sir, there is another measure which sails
under the no-party flag, and to which I wish to
allude. You propose to levy contributions on the
white labor of this land to pay for the negroes
not only in the District of Columbia, but in Mary-
land, in Missouri, and in all other States of the
Union where they have them to sell, and whore
