1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
the people still claim to be loyal. It is proposed
to tax the farms, and the houses, the live-stock,
the blooded horses, the cattle, the flocks, and the
herds—to tax the bone and sinew of the white la-
borer—to mortgage all the property of the coun-
try, to mortgage all the owners of it, and the un-
born children for a hundred years to come, for the
purpose of carrying out this delirious scheme of
emancipation. You say it is not much for the
Eeople to bear. No, not much! Ten millions to
laryland! Fifteen millions to Missouri! Bills
are here to that effect. And this is only the com-
mencement. It is but a trifle! The old farmer
can go to his work a little earlier and stay at it a
little later, and work a little harder; there will only
be one meal a day less, perhaps; the children will
have to do with less schooling; little luxuries and
innocent amusements wili not be afforded by the
honest poor; money must be earned and saved up
against the day*of the tax-gatherer, to buy ne-
groes with. Do not murmur, either, children of
toil, for the upstart dictators here say that would
be disloyal. Be still while the robber takes your
money, or he may take your life. Sir, will this
madness never cease ? Can you learn nothing by
experience—that schoolmaster which teaches the
most foolish? Sir, I say here now that not*one
dollar, not one cent, will the people I represent
ever pay to Missouri, to Maryland, or to any
other State, to purchase their slaves. And you
cannot make them. Please remember this. You
cannot lawfully add untold'millions to our taxes
for that purpose; and the people willrepudiate this
illegitimate item of expensive fanaticism. J say it
boldly, and I say it plainly. It ought to be under-
stood. The days of this Congress are drawing
to a close, and we may as well have a plain talk
amongst ourselves before we part. If you pro-
pose at this time, with Government credit at
sixty percent, below par; if you propose, with
$2,500,000,000 of indebtedness; if you propose,
with a distracted country, with the agricultural
pursuits depressed, and the whole land groaning
from the effects of this war; if you propose, in
full view of all these things, to tax the people, in
addition to what is necessary to sustain the Gov-
ernment, to an unlimited extent—perhaps hun-
dreds of millions—for the purpose of accomplish-
ing compensated emancipation, for the purpose of
Hooding the free States with free negroes, then
you may make up your minds for trouble. The
money will not be paid, and you cannot compel
it. You will find at last who owns and controls
this Government. The people will assert the ori-
ginal divine right of the oppressed and outraged.
They will say to you, in the language of the Con-
stitution, "we the people made this Government;
you are not our masters, but our servants; we are
your mastcis." The stream cannot get above its
source. They will rise and say, "you shall obey
um; we will not obey you; we art* the source and
fountain of power, you are not."
A strange error has crept into the public mind—
a very strange error. Men talk as if they could
force and coerce public sentiment. The very the-
ory of our Government forbids it. The theory
of our Government is that, not Abraham Lincoln,
not his Cabinet, not you men whose lingering foot-
steps are just departing fi om these places forever,
constitute this Government; hut that the people
"made it all, and constitute all its parts. They
made it, and they will uphold it in the mode which
satisfies themselves. Hut not only that; they will
make you obey the Const] tut ion in its spirit, which
is the concentrated will of the people.
Next in order, however, for the purpose of uni-
ting public sentiment and of prosecuting the war
with unity of purpose, I presume, comes the proc-
lamation of the President, of September. Ten
days before he issued it he said, himself, to the
Chicago ministers that he had not the power to
promulgate such a document, and that it would
do no good if In* did. In that he was right, for
once. But I suppose he gave way to pressuie.
Yes, pressure. He was pressed. By whom? By
Horace Greeley, that political harlot, w*ho ap-
peared in a praying attitude in behalf of twenty
million people. He gave way to pressure brought
to bear, too, by the Governor of Massachusetts.
They represented that twenty million loyal hearts
were praying for the issuing of this great deed of
emancipation, this great pioclamation of liberty
which, in the well-rounded language of the gentle-
man from Ohio, f Mr. Bingham,] rung out freedom
to the whole earth and to all the inhabitants thereof.
He gave way to the pressure, and I have no doubt
experienced relief. This was Jncksonian, very.
It showed what is known as backbone. At least
it showed quality, if not quantity. I haveanlm-
mense respect for an Executive who violates his
oath under the pressure of impertinent meddlers.
But the President was told of the moral and mil-
itary effect of such a proclamation, and I presume
he believed all he heard was true. But the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was unfortu-
nate in his musical recitation of the New England
song a few minutes ago:
We are coming. Father Abraham,
Six bundled thousand strong."
for if anybody is on the way here to swell the
broken ranks of the Army under the inspiration
of that proclamation, he is tarrying l*ong. His
arrival has not been noticed in the papers.
The Governor of Massachusetts, it is true, told
the Piesident that the highways and byways all
the way from Boston to this city would be crowd-
ed and thronged by men rushing to the prosecu-
tion of this war. They would swarm, said he,
suggesting the swarming of animals migrating
ft om one country to another. All Massachusetts
would be here, and a gentleman near me remarks
that it would have increased the decency of the
population of this city. Perhaps it would. 1
would gratefully accept any change as an exper-
iment. I think there could be nothing lost. But
why did they not come? I expected them all
here. Horace Greeley, too, said that everybody
else would come; and whoever knew a fanatical
newspaper editor to tell anything but the truth ?
I saw vanishing from my fearful gaze all pros-
pert of conscription. All were to be volunteers;
al! the country again spontaneously lighting up
lilc a prairie on fire.
But the pressure pressed. The President gave
way; the proclamation was issued; and lo! the
mountain had labored, and the mouse came forth.
Massachusetts, this hour, instead of crowding the
highway-sand byways with her sons, has her Sen-
ator in the other end" of the Capitol, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, pressing a
conscript bill through the Senate, when his own
State stands in defiance of the call made upon her
last summer. To-day her quota is not full, and
her Governor has become an itinerant recruiting
sergeant in search of negroes to fill up the regi-
ments of Massachusetts troops under the call
made last fall by the President of the United
States. This is the response of Massachusetts
to the proclamation.
And the gentleman from New York, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs of this
Uou.se, [Mr. Olin,] comes here and has to admit
his State is delinquent thirty thousand troops,
under the calls already made upon her. I do not
confine myself to exact numbers, but I state the
fact that she is delinquent.
Mr. OLIN. I believe the statement of the gen-
tleman ia in part true. New York is delinquent
in not furnishing a portion of the troops which
ought to have been sent to the field; but the gentle-
man has multiplied the deficiency by aboutthree,
I believe.
Mr. VOORIIEES. I stand corrected, then, as
to the number. Let it be ten thousand.
Mi. OLIN. And that deficiency ia principally
owing to* a deficiency of troops whicn ought to
have been sent from the city of New York, where
the Democracy of the Five Points has held un-
disputed sway. [Laughter.]
Mi. VOO till EES. Mr. Speaker, I am informed
by the concurrent voice of gentlemen sitting around
me, who know the facta, that the city of New
\ nrk has sent more than her proportion of troops
oftlu S'atc. i
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman inform the •
House from whom he derives that information ? I
Mr. VOORIIEES. I said from the concurrent |
voice of those around me. Cannot the gentleman j
see it ? [Laughter.] j
Mr. OLIN. 1 can't see it. [Renewed laugh- |
ter.l }
Mr. VOORIIEES, None so blind as those who I
won't see, and none so deaf as those who won't >
heu^i. But I will not dispute with the gentleman !
about the Five Points. He is much morefamil- !
inr, no doubt, in every respect, with the condition '
of the affairs of the people of that locality than I j
am, [laughter,] and therefore 1 will let him spauk l;
for them. 1 will d"e%r any further remarks upon
that point.
A few words further, however, upon the policy
which has actuated this Administration in its con-
duct of the war. And I am submitting these facts
here to-night to the House and to the country as
the reason why no more troops can be raised with-
out coercion, without force, without conscription.
I am showing up this abolition policy as a reason
whythc loyal enthusiasm which impelled men at
first to rush to the field, under a mistaken confi-
dence and reliance upon the good faith of this
Administration, can no longer be relied on. It
has become chilled in the breasts of the people.
And I contend that this proclamation, and these
schemes of emancipation, have worked these fa-
tal results. Their effect was long ago foretold by
the conservative men of the country. You would
not heed the warning, and the poor bleeding coun-
try is no,w to reap the fruits of your stubborn and
wicked disregard of the public will. I challenge
gentlemen upon the other side of the House once
more before the tribunal of the American people
upon these subjects.
But I am almost ashamed to challenge them in
their present crippled condition, so battered in the
last canvass. Itseemscowardly to challenge them
again to the arena of discussion in their present
deplorable plight. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mooriiead] shakes his head and says
they will beat us next tune. Ah, General! hope
tells a flattering tale, but you are too old to be de-
luded with her siren song. Lay not the unction
of fond anticipation to your soul. I feel keenly
for your wretched fate, but you have died by your
own hands, and are not entitled to even a decent
burial. No resurrection awaits you. You were
dead when the last session closed in July. The
issues which you had then made were fatal. But
when the tenfold more infamous issues of this
session are added to the heavy load of your al-
ready scarlet sins, you will be numbered not only
among the dead, but you will also take up your
"abode with the damned.
As to the fate of the Democratic party, sir, 1
have no fears. It is the party of the Constitution,
and, armed in the panoply of truth, and with eter-
nal principles as our shield, we can safely and
firmly go before the people and challenge the pop-
ular terdict. Once more I am willing to submit
these issues to the country. You started in this
war with the pledges I have spoken of. You have
broken them all. You have cried out ** no party"
in this Hall ever since the war commenced, and
in the name of " no party" you have liberated
slaves, and abolished slavery wherever you can
getat it; you have recognized negro Governments;
you have taxed white men to pay for black men;
you have taxed even the soldier in the ranks, from
his hard-earned pittance, to buy the negroes in
this District und elsewhere. You have abolition-
ized the entire policy of the Government. Do you
think you are to be sustained ? Do you think the
soldier will sustain you?
You propose to put the black man alongside of
the loyal white soldier. You propose to buy
negroes, steal negroes, fight for negroes, obtain
negroes in any way, and then humiliate and dis-
grace the white soldier by his presence and con-
tact in the ranks. A law to that effect has passed
this House, and does not pass the Senate only
because the chairman of the Military Committee
in that body states that there already exists a suffi-
cient law to accomplish the object.
You have thus outraged and insulted all classes
of citizens, but the soldier most ofall. Is it strange,
then, that no more volunteers come to the stand-
ard of war? You have betrayed the loyal heart
of the country, and that betrayal rises up in judg-
ment against you; and its offspring, the birth of
that betrayal, is this fearful, odious,and despotic
conscription bill. It is the work of your own
hands. You are its authors. You begat it by
virtue of the deception you practiced on the peo-
ple. You have created the necessity for it by
your own conduct. Not satisfied, however, with
betraying the people in all matters of policy, not
satisfied with taking their blood and treasure un-
der false pretenses, you have done more.
No conservative general can stand before the
consuming flames that emanate from the seething*
caldron, the boiling ccsspool of fanaticism which
controls this Administration. Ay, sir, you struck
down McClellan at the head of the Army. You
