1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
notes, and United States currency notes are pro-
posed, and in the aggregate of larger amount for
convenienceofoperations,as more of one and less
of another may be wanted, but all not to exceed
the sum named, except that holders of the seven
and three tenths bonds are to have the opportu-
nity to exchange for six per cent, long bonds.
Hitherto our long bonds, having a provision
which leaves it optional with the Government to
pay them in five years, have not proved so valu-
able as other setruiities of the United States hav-
ing a short time to run, at high rates of interest,
like the three year seven and three tenths bonds,
or with a lower rate of interest, and payable at ten
days' notice, like deposits, or within a year, like
certificates of indebtedness.
We therefore propose, by the bill under con-
sideration, twenty year six per cent, bonds, with
interest payable in coin semi-annually. On a long
loan, like twenty year bonds, and with the inter-
est to be paid in a medium which, bearing a pre-
mium of thirty to forty per cent., makes it equal to
eight per cent, per annum, this is a high rate, but
not more than ample to secure speedily the fund-
ingof any considerable portion of the large amount
required. This rate is tempting to the lender, and
will not be onerous to the Government, which
merely continues to receive specie for duties on
imports and to pay it out for interest as in former
days. We are inviting loans, and our terms must
be such as to secure their acceptance. Our wants
are so large that we ingulf all competition by
taking all that is offered. Uruler these circum-
stances, while the terms are liberal, they are as
good as we have any reason to expect, and it is of
the last importance that we. make room for some
part of our redundant currency and reliiu some
portion of our floating debt.
The next piomment feature of the bi!! is the
authority granted for the issue of $300,1)00,000 of
United States notes, of large or small denomina-
tions, not less than ten dollars, running three
years, and bearing a little less rate of interest than
bonds, or one and one half cents per day on each
§100, payable in coin, and which may be funded
in twenty year bonds; and these notes are to be
receivable for interna! duties and all debts and
demandsdue to the United States,except duties on
imports. It is not to bo doubted that such notes
will be sought after with avidity by capitalists as
well as by creditors <" f the Government, and will
take the place of certificates of indebtedness as
well as of deposits bcaiing interest. The interest
being payable in com, and their reception {or in-
ternal duties, will preserve their value at not less
than par; or, if even a small depreciation should
occur, it would merely offer greater inducements
fortheireonsohdauon into the twenty year bonds.
The $.300,000,000 of Tieasury notes are author-
ized to place the Treasury upon an independent
footing beyond all peradventuro. Relying upon
the opinions of the Secretary of the Treasury, as
recorded in his recent lucid report, that" the addi-
tion of so vast a volume to the existing circulation
would convert a cunency, of which," he syys,
44 the benefits ha\e thus far greatly outweighed
the inconveniences, into a posit n e calamity ami
that, therefoie, he will not, use it " unhss a elyar
public exigency shall (h-rnand it," the Committee
of Ways and M'-ane have not felt at liberty to omit
the authority asked for, at least to the extent pro-
vided for in the b !l under consideration.
The remainder of the bill is formal or of minor
importance, except the tax on bank circulation,
which I shall hereafter consider. It is proposed
to allow the issue of fractional notes m lieu ot the
postage and revenue stamps, a« d, as the amount
heietofoie auchoiized was without i est fiction, to
limit the whole so as not to exceed the sum of
$50,000,000. The engraving and pieparation of
these fractional notes in the Treasury Department
is also authouzed, and tins is perhaps a debatable
question, but it is mainly one of security ot the
Government against fraud; as when the notes are
rinted they are complete; and, whether issued
.egaliy or not, there can be no means of identifi-
cation. On the whole, it was supposed the Treas-
ury Department might be made a safer custodian
of the work than any remote employe, however
respectable.
Section fifth authorizes coin and bullion to be
received and receipts to be issued therefor, which
may then be used for various purposes, without
recounting or transportation, and thus prove a
Fe
convenience to business men as well as to the
Government.
Section eighth provides for using solvent banks
as deposit banks for internal revenue, and other
purposes connected with loans, upon their depos-
iting an equal amount of United States bonds or
notes with the'Government as security, and mod-
ifies the sub-Treasury act to this extent and no
more. For facilitating the business of the Gov-
ernment, this promises all the advantages that
could be derived from any scheme of wider range.
The last section appropriates §600,000 to carry
the act into effect. It may not prove entirely ad-
equate, but clearly some limit should be fixed;
and this sum, it was hoped, would be sufficient.
The provision for taxing bank circulation be-
yond a specified amount, classifying the banks
according to the amount of their capital, is de-
signed as a measure to repress all bank circulation
within an equal and proper standard, rather than
as a measure of revenue. It may not be accurately
adjusted as to banks of large or small capitals,
and, if not, it should be amended. If the tax had
been based on the idea of revenue alone, then it is
difficult to see why bank deposits should not be
taxed in some equivalent manner. They are both
means at the disposal of the bank, without cost,
and ordinarily about equally productive. Banks
cannot rely upon either to the full extent, and,
therefore, discount thereon only what they judge
can be safely discounted. At certain periods of
the year in both there is an ebb and flow—caused
by the movement of agricultural products mainly
—which must be foreseen and provided for, and it
always happens when they have the largest de-
posits or the largest circulation, that the calls for
discounts arc least pressing. Few banks are able
to keep their circulation out, upon an average,over
forty days, and they have to keep on hand, or at
the point of redemption, a large amount of specie,
orUnited States " lawful money," for the redemp-
tion of their bills. In Massachusetts, the law
compels them to have on hand fifteen percent, of
specie on the amount of their circulation and de-
posits. Since the suspension of specio payments
they not only do this but supply themselves, as
is the case now with all banks, with United States
notes sufficient for all practical requirements. To
suppose that banks make six percent, gain upon
their circulation or their deposits, argues consid-
erable ignorance of the subject. The average
h dividends of banks in the North and East, are less
! I than eight per cent., and rather more in some west-
!; orn States where theie is less capital, and where
:j the legal rate ib fixed at higher figures. AU their
!! souices of net profit above the interest on capital
|i do not exceed two per cent., and are often less,
i j These institutions ai e all, in some way, roundly
tax< d by the States. In one State, until recently,
. the entire State taxation was confined to banks
ij and auction sales. They are also taxed in the
ij internal revenue act three per cent, upon all divi-
!■ (lends and surplus earned. Bank note paper is
heavily taxed. Stamps upon notes discounted,
11 checks, diarts, protests, certificates of stock and
|l powers of attorney are required, and the aggregate
I ofali these stamp duties is equal to the average
i, taxation imposed by States. These burdens are
| chetji fully borne, but they infallibly diminish busi-
, ness and curtail profits. " Whether the paper put
!; into the banks or that which comes out is taxed,
J the effect is a reduction of profits. Ought they to
be made to bear both ?
It is said that they have largely increased their
circulation. J admit that some of them have—
! many have not—and the bill is shaped to repress
!' any excessive issues of this sort by fixing a scale
!| of taxation based upon the amount of capital If
| the tax were to be made equal upon all banks,
i1 then we should have this result: the small banks
!' would retiie their redundant circulation, and the
larger ones would step forward at once and fill the
' vacuum. The bill, therefore, proposes a duty
i: equal to two per cent, per annum on any excess
;■ of circulation above a ceitam percentage on their
' capital—exempting a cuculation for banks of
small capital fiom fifty up to ninety percent., and
' on banks of laige capital from twenty-five up to
fifty per cent., and taxing whatever may be issued
' beyond the amount specified. This will largely
' reduce the present circulation, and is most cer-
i tainly as radical a measure as even reformers
j should tolerate. But it is not true that all of the
! banks have increased their circulation; and those
which have, most likely were induced so to do-in
order to take Government loans. The Northern
Bank of Kentucky, and branches, June 30,1869,
had-a circulation of $1,788,736; and it-was less
December 30, 1862—when they paid $2,025 of in-
ternal duties—by §649,084. At the same time
they held $466,160 22 more of specie than at the
first-named period. In Indiana, the State.Ban-k
and its branches have largely reduced their circu-
lation, and hold more specie, and even more Uni-
ted States notes, as I am informed, than are out-
standing of their own. The whole amount of
increase on the part of all the banks is -not as-
serted to be more than $37,000,000,while the Gov-
ernment has been issuing $250,000,000. And yet
it is assumed that if there is any redundancy, it is
fairly attributable to the banks! I do not think
it necessary to argue that question. The old fable
of the wolf and the lamb is hardly too musty for
application.
The argument, sometimes loosely suggested,
that banks manufacture money,and therefore that
bank notes should be taxed three per cent., as any
other manufacture, scarcely deserves ventilation;
and it is enough to say that banks do not sell their
notes, nor can they increase their price, as man-
ufacturers may and do on their productions, but
they stipulate, with ample security, to take back
their notes at the par value, and for just the price
at which they were issued.
It seems to me enough for us at this time to
undertake the regulation of the bank Currency,
without engaging in a struggle for its utter ex-
tinction.
At the present moment our best financiers are
our best generals and soldiers in the field. \Vith
such military success as we have some claim to
hope for, even a tolerable system of finance would
not prove a failure, and without such success the
wisest system will barely suffice to carry the Gov-
ernment safely over the stormy sea of events.
The Committee of Ways and Means, after ma-
ture consideration, with almost entire unanimity,
determined to recommend the bill now before us,
and it is for the House to decide whether it is, in
their judgment, commensurate or not with the
exigencies of the country.
Some very good-natured people have suggested
the propriety of negotiating loans in Europe. I
might content myself by saying that it is imprac-
ticable, but I desire to show that it is impossible
and undesirable. Europe has no desire to make
loans for the maintenance of the United States, and
her power is just on a level with her desire. We
have more resources at our disposal than all the
Governments of Europe put together have to lend.
Mr. Chairmen, let us have the truth, bufcno ex-
aggeration of our difficulties. That praise which
j is'obtained in consequence of the greater demer-
> its of others is, perhaps, not the most valuable,
j " Use every man according to his desert, and who
j shall escape whippingapplies to nations as well
' as to individuals. But the condition of our pres-
! cut indebtedness, or our expenditure and income,
| is only bad when contrasted with our own prior
! condition; and if the same scale relatively should
j continue for some years as for the past year, it
: will only placc us in the same category with all the
S great Governments of Europe. If we are needy,
| a little " out at the elbows, "^nd in the market as
borrowers, so are they.
In France the income varied in round numbers
from $250,000,000 to $350,000,000, while the ex-
pendituie i uns fiom $300,000,000 to $4<5,000,000.
From 1851 to 1860, inclusive, the whole deficit
was within a fraction of $750,000,000, or an an-
nual average deficitof $75,000,000 for ten succes-
! sive years. Whether the nation was at peace or
j war, though it made some difference, there was
I always a large deficit. Besides this, it is not long
! since the fact was disclosed by the present em-
! peror of a floating debt of $200,000,000. _ If the
| emperor indulges the empress and his ambition, as
; he appears to be doing, in all quarters of the globe,
from China to Mexico, no French Minister of
Finance will soon find himself with a surplus. Yet
- the funded debt of France, in round numbers, is
nearly, if not quite, $2,000,000,000. Unless there
|j is something alarming in these facts, our own
ij financial condition is at least tolerable; but it might
'j be alarming if we had to look in this direction for
[I an American loan. ^ .
'| Austria is in a comparatively worse condition.
II Her Government having long been considered not
