1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
people whom I represent, false to my own con-
victions of duty, if I did not tell you plainly here
this night, not in bitterness, but in candor, that
the people are determined on this subject. The
blood of a race of freemen is up, and will not sub-
mit to this assault. The great American heart is
fired anew with the love of liberty, and the peo-
ple are arousing like the giant after liis sleep.
They have erected their heads and warn you not
to lay the weight of your finger, of your smallest
finger, on one of the great muniments of personal
freedom which adorn the history of the world. If
you do, it is at your most deadly peril.
This may be lost on some who sit before me.
It may fall on deaf ears to-night; but when you
to back to the people you will heed it. They
now exactly what the Constitution is. Never
was there a time when there was so much intelli-
gence as now. Never was there a time when the
people read so much as now. They have got all
at stake in this matter—their farms, their homes,
their liberties, and their lives, and the liberties and
lives of their children. They have examined the
whole question. They know the record by heart.
It is to them a blazing line of light. You can de-
ceive the country no more, nor can you intimidate
or coerce it into your measures. You may pass
this bill to conscript citizens from their homes
into the Army, but if it is (rue that the popular
heart is no lungei for the prosecution of this war,
do you think you can compel it to be so by force?
If the people will no longer of themselves pursue
war as a remedy for our troubles, do you think
you can make them? Are you more powerful
than they are? Does not tins Government rest
upon the consent of the governed ? Can you force
the North to conquer the South? Are you su-
preme? Sir, if the American people, deceived,
betrayed, mid outraged,are unwilling to support
the war policy of this Administration any further
unless coeiced to do so by such legislation as this
conscription bill, then let us stop lighting at once,
and try what virtue there may he in peaceful
remedies.
Mr. OLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. I want ten minutes to speak
on this bill."
Mr. McFHERSON. If the gentleman will
yield to ni ', I will make whatever motion he pro-
pose:*,
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I want this debate
to go on till three oVlock to-morrow.
Mr. OLIN. I hope to make some suggestions
to the House which will, I think, accommodate
all sides. I ask the attention of the. House for a
moment. I wish to say a word or two in refer-
ence to the provisions of this bill, not to detain
the House for five minutes, and then I propose,
in view of the exigencies of the public aflairs, we
shall fix an hour to-morrow upon which the vote
shall be taken upon this bill. I think I have given
to this House a fair opportunity to discuss the
bill. I stated in the outset that I wished a vote
to be taken upon this bill as reported and as passed
by the Senate. Ample opportunity has been given
to the distinguished gentlemen upon the otherside
of the Chamber in opposition to tins bill to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman ftom New York, who has this bill es-
pecially in lus charge, if he proposes to fix an
hour to-moi row to take the vot<  on the bill, and in
the mean time to allow the debute to go on until
that hour5 If that is the disposition of the gentle-
man and his friends on that side of the llou>e, he
can probably make an airangement which will be
agreeable to all sides of the House, if not, 1 say to
the gentleman that there are several gentlemen on
this side of the House who desire further to dis-
cuss the bill. ,
Mr. OLIN. Let me make this suggestion to
the Ilouse, that this debate shall continue to-night,
If you choose to debate it further, and to-moirow
until half past our o'clock, when the previous
question shall be called, and the debate closed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest to the gentleman
that he fix it at three o'clock, and let us have the
morning hour.
Mr. OLIN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to this controversy.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Now Yoik has the right to occupy the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. He has a right to discuss
the bill, but he has no right to go into a general
discussion like this, and I abject to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has the right to object to any specific proposition
which is made.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to make this
proposition if the gentleman from New Yx>rk 
Mr. HICKMAN. If the gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, I object to any other
gentleman interfering with him. I insist that he
must go on with his remarks or give up the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York, objection having been made,
must not yield the floor unless he yields it uncon-
ditionally.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then let the gentleman
yield unconditionally to me, and 1 will yield back
again unconditionally to him.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to any interruption.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. What right has the gen-
tleman to object to me ? *
Mr. HICKMAN. I am talking to the Speaker,
where you ought to talk.
Th'1 SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. WRIGHT. Does my colleague object to
the gentleman from New York yielding to me >
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir; I object to any in-
terruption. I want the gentleman from New York
to go on or yield the floor.
^ Mr.OLIN. I hope my friend, havingbeen once
heard upon this bill, will content himself with
letting the House take a vote upon this measure.
1 do not intend to occupy the time of the House
in any general discussion of this bill, or in any
attempt to reply to the vaiious suggestions that
have been made on the other side of the House
in opposition to the bill.
If the exigencu-.s of the public service did not
require that we should push forward with the ut-
most expedition every measure necessary to b>-
passed at this session, I should be glad to ieply
to somo suggestions that have been made, in op-
position to thn: measuie; but time will forbid it.
Lot me say 1 am gratified that after a protracted
discussion of this measure by gentlemen in oppo-
sition to the Administration, no word has been ut-
teied in opposition to the policy or necessity of :m
act embodying the substantial provisions of the
biil before this House. No argument in opposi-
tion to the bill has been ottered woithy of a mo-
ment's consideration. Gentlemen have contented
themselves m senseless or vague denunciations of
the Administration or the conductor the war. I
do not forget, however, that the bill has been op-
posed as an unconstitutional measure. This is
that oft-repeated, feeble device of still more feeble
minds, to assert that some proposed measure is
unconstitutional when their ingenuity can suggest
no other objection to the measuie. If this meas-
ure were unconstitutional, that would,in my judg-
ment, constitute a very grave objection to it. Hut
how this measure can be proved unconstitutional,
when the Consiitution itself says that Congress
shall have power to raise and support armies, is to
me an anomaly. If Congress has powei to raise
and support armies, is not the power also guen
of judging of and devi.sing the mode or manner in
which armies shall be raised' Are not the pro-
visions ot this bill a pioper, natural, and lawful
exercise of the substantive grant of power con-
tained in the Constitution3 Sir, this objection is
mere twaddle.
I will n< t attempt to go into a discussion of the
details of the bill, or to answer any of the cap-
tions objections which have been made to it. It
is a bill, by the common consent of everybody, de-
manded by the exigencies of the countiy,and no
man upon the iloor of this House has had the in-
genuity to devise a plausible objection against it.
On all hands, I lepeat, it is admitted that a meas-
ure of this character is necessary.
Now, sir, I will not stop to reply to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallax-
digiiamJ that this bill is an admission that the peo-
ple no longer desire a further prosecution of the
war. The gentleman from Ohio and all others
who indulge in this delusion will hear, by and by,
the voice of the people as significant as the voice
of God. They will learn ere long whether the
people mean to surrender up everything which
i they hold most dear, everything they prize, every-
thing which our fathers fought to maintain; they
will understand, by and by, with more signifi-
cance than we have yet heard, whether the people
intend to assent to the destruction of the Republic.
Do gentlemen think the people intend to abandon
this controversy until the supremacy of the laws
is vindicated ? Let me say again that the men
who are indulging in this delusion will ere long
awake from their dream, and they will be met here
and everywhere with that indignant denunciation
of an outraged people which will constrain them
to "call upon the mountains to cover them."
These men will learn ere long that the people, in-
stead of being indignant at the exercise of alleged
arbitrary arrests and usurpation of power, will
demand that the executive Government shall
stretch forth a sterner hand, should lead the pop-
ular impulses of the country in crushing out the
rebellion, instead of being dragged along at its
tail.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman yield a
moment?
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I will give to the gen-
tleman from New York what 1 proposed to read.
Mr. OLIN. I wish on this occasion to avoid
everything like excitement by any allusion to
party prejudice, or anything that may stir up hos-
tility or opposition to this great measure so imper-
atively demanded by the exigencies of public af-
fairs. I cannot but feel some little embarrassment,
however, when I find myself denounced by one
i gentleman [Mr. Vooriiees] for bad temper and
i bad manners, while the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
I Vall\xdigiiam] singles mc out for special com-
j mendation. I am distracted. [Laughter.] I know
; not which way to turn, whether to receive the lec-
ture or accept the compliment. These brothers—
par nobile fratrum—arc divided upon this subject.
[Laughter.]
But, sir, 1 will endeavor to avoid anything un-
j pleasant in reference to this matter, as I did when
lj the matter first came up before the House, because
I felt that a sense of public duty should sink all
party or personal feeling. I therefore refrain on
this occasion from indulging in any reflections
that I think 1 might very properly be indulged in
on some more suitable occasion in reply to the
gentlemen who have addressed the House.
What are the objections to the bill? I under-
stand that it would even command the support of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallaxdigiiam]
but for two sections that the bill contains.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I said that if it
weie not for those two sections in the bill, I would
have contented myself with a silent vote against
die bill.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman has during this
Congress contented himself with giving a vote,
more or less noisy,againstevery measure brought
fot ward by the friends of the Union and the Con-
stitution. I understand that gentleman's objec-
tions to this bill to be twofold. The gentleman
says that the measure is unconstitutional, I do
not propose to discuss that. There is the plain
provision of the Constitution which authorizes
the doing of this thing; nothing more, nothing
less. The power sought to be exercised in this
bill has had the sanction of Madison and Monroe,
i If the gentleman will take the pains to refer to the
1 letter of instructions of Secretary Monroe during
the war of 1812 in reference to t\ plan similar to
the one now before the House, he can satisfy him-
self what opinion Mr. Monroe had on the subject.
It had the sanction of Mr. Madison, one of the
frii'iers of the Constitution. It has had the sanc-
tion of every uepaitmentof the Government from
its foundation, and of every commentator upon the
Federal Constitution. That is the answer to his
objection that the bill is unconstitutional.
The gentleman thinks that the Union cannot be
preserved by force of arms. If it cannot ipe pre-
served by force of arms, it cannot be preserved in
any other way.
Another objection is made, and that is to the
fifth section. The provost marshals are author-
ized to inquire and report to the Provost Marshal
General in refeience to treasonable practices. The
ingenuity of the gentleman from Ohio alone could
have conjuied up from that provision a purpose
to revive and legalize the doctrine of constructive
treason. The section is one of the most harmless
that could be devised. What is the provost mar-
shal to do? To report to the Provost Marshal
Genera] in regard to treasonable practices. The
