298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
out regret. Lands for all that desire to dwell
thereon,and make themselves a home, have been
tendered to all with a liberality that finds no par-
allel among wealthy and civilized nations. The
creation of wealth by the labor of man, calling
into life the dead capital of the country, so that
it might contribute something to the support of
Government, was regarded of higher moment than
the possession of an unpeopled and barren terri-
tory.
The foundations of agricultural and military col-
leges have been, it is to be hoped, secured to each
and every loyal State, accessible to the sons of the
humblest citizen, whefre a sound education and a
sound patriotism will be equally inculcated.
Slavery in the Territories and the District of
Columbia**is placed among the questions of the
past, and its ghost will no more rise to vex the
nation.
Polygamy in all Territories is legislatively
blotted out, and it only remains to be seen how
long it will practically survive when the Executive
and judiciary shall exercise their proper functions.
A new State, through Cesarean surgery, has
been admitted into the Union.
The defenses of frontiers and boundaries re-
mote from rebel as?sailants are pushed on, as
though the future might have in store events des-
tined to eclipse the present ephemeral contest.
The dome of the Capitol steadily rises, in peace-
fulgrandeur, unconscious of all the martial sounds
moving around below.
The preservation of public orderand the preva-
lence of progress still adhere to the nation, even
amidst the most untoward circumstances. The
equanimity of the President is apparently undis-
turbed, and, with his usual magnanimity, it is but
apprehended, when on some foggy night, Jeffer-
son Davis, Esq., with an alias, shall have secured
a passage on board of some new Alabama, that
he will exclaim, as my Uncle Toby did to the fly:
Go, poor devil! there is room enough in the
wuild for both you and me."
These things prove not so much a recklessness
as a confidence of Union men in the atrength of
theirposilion and the stability ofthe people, when
contending for the utmost limit of nil out ancient
boundaries and ail our rights and priwleges guar-
antied by the Constitution.
But if we are to successfully conduct measures
of such varied and lasting significance, and at the
same time reduce the largest armed rebellion that
has hitherto blotted the map ofthe woild, we must
exercise the keenest vigilance that none of our re-
sources arc wasted or unwisely employed. The
whole will not be equal to a tithing of our require-
ments, if prodigality, blundering, and selfishness
rule the hour. We cannot pay two prices for !
works the most proper, or services indispensable, !
and keep the tax gatherer a welcome messenger; |
nor can we conceal the fraud from the laboiing 1
man and the soldier when we pay but a half price, i
by using a currency that will require two dollais 1
to buy one of specie. We cannot issue bonds and
receive but half of the value we promise to pay.
Great as may be our power, there is a limit which
must be heeded, if we are to avoid a painful dis-
comfiture. According to Jefferson, 4'the purse of
the people is the ienl seat of sensibility," We
cannot, in monetary affairs, nor in battle-fields,
play the game of give two and take one and expect
success, and especially not where the last half of
the game is omitted.
I know the mass of all parties in the loyal States
at heart are bravely and unblenchmgly for the
Union, and tin •y cannot long be misled. Who-
ever attempts it will signally fail. One party may
sink or another rise, but no ascendant party can
so remain unless they do battle earnestly and suc-
cessfully foi the complete restoration ofthe Union
and the complete subjugation of traitors.
The only real peril that ever could prevent a
successful issue of the present contest was and is
wranghngs and divisions among ourselves. The
intuition, as well as the common sense, of every
man should teach him to shun a rock so conspic-
uous on the chait. Can the Democratic, party put
dosvn the rebellion alone? Can the Republican
party? Or can the border States5 I speak to wise
men. Let each answer to his conscience.
In a field so extended as our forces nowoccupy,
in waters so remote, some failures and disasters
will be the fortune of war, Yesterday I read of
our loss at Galveston; it caused me some regret,
because "some one had blundered;" but I also
read how the gallant Commander Renshaw, of
the Westfield, after consulting his men, blew up
his gunboat, launching lum§elf and men issto eter-
nity at the same moment, rather than fall a prey
to rebels. If this be true, men will hereafter
travel miles to see the monument which will be
raised to those who took such a leap into immor-
tality. While men of this breed come forth to
represent our cause—and I believe we have many
such—I will never, i)ever despair ofthe Republic!
If my voice could, as it cannot, be at all poten-
tial in this House, or out of it, I should earnestly
beg every man, forgetful of self and of party, to
stand up more courageously now than ever for the
Republic. At this moment we are stronger in all
the material of war than at any prior stage of the
rebellion,whilethenlBuei)ceof the autocrat of the
confederates consists mainly of hate and activity;
and we have but to show an unconquerable will,
such as shines forth in the heroic Rosecrans, to
secure a memorable triumph—a peace that will
make posterity rise and bless us forever.
During the delivery of the above speech, a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by M r.Hicke y,
its Chief Clerk, (the committee rising informally
for that purpose,) communicating to the House
the resolutions of the Senate in relation to the
death of Hon. James A. Pearce, late a Senator
of the United States from the State of Maryland.
At the close of Mr. Morrill's speech", Mr.
WARD obtained the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. STEVENS, who said: I desne to move
that the committee rise, as due respect for the an-
nouncement we have heard requires that we should
do no more business to-day. Whileup, however,
I wish to say that I intend to ask the House some
time to-morrow to come to a vote upon this ques-
tion. I now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had ,according to older, had the Union gen-
ei ally under eon si delation, and particularly House
bill No. 659, to provide ways and means for the
support ofthe Government, and had come to no
eonriuMon thereon.
Mi. McIO'lGHT. I desire to offer a small
amendment to thatbill,and 1 ask that it be printed.
T'lere being no objection, it was so ordered.
DEATH OF HON. JAMES A. PEAUCIj.
Mr. CRIiSFIJELD. I desire to call up the mes-
sage from the Senate, now upon the Speaker's
table.
The message from the Senate was taken up and
read, as follows:
In vSi.nate or tiif T'vitep Sta-ii-s,
Jrtri'iaiy I IK 1^6.?.
Resolved, That thf Senate of thr* United States ha> re-
ceived u'iih the deepest «rn>i!nJitv the .innouneement ot
tin- death </ fIon .foirs Am-rfd I'tarit.
Repaired, That. a- an additional mrtik of respect to the
memory of the decreed, the member and olheers. of the
iSen.itewillwe.il the lu-ual badge ot mounting tor thuty
days.
Ilcsolrcd. That, as a Anther mat k of respect tor the mem
orv ofthe deceased, the Semite do now adjourn.
Oidvred, That the Sectctarv communicate these resolu-
tion-! to ihe Mouse of Representative*
Attest: J. W. FORNEY.
By W. IIicki:y, Chic/ Clerk.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Mr. Speaker, the message
which has just been read at your desk is the official
notice to tins House of an event which was known
to each of us, and is mourned by the whole coun-
try.
James Alfred Pearce, late a Senator in Con-
gress ii om tlu: State of Maiyland, after a long and
painful illness, died at his residence in Chester-
town, Kent county, Maryland, on Saturday, the
20r 11 day of December last.
He was born at the city of Alexandria, on the
14th of December, 1805, and, at the period of his
death, had just entered upon his fifty-eighth year,
lie was descended, on the paternal side, from one
of the oldest and most respectable families in Ma-
ryland. His parents resided in Kent county, in
that State, but at the time of his birth they hap-
pened to be at the residence of his maternal grand-
father, the late Dr. Dick, of Alexandria. His
mother died when he was quite young; and his
early education was directed by careful teachers
ofthe city of his birth, under the superintendence
in his grandfather. He early gave evidence ofthe
strong and quick talents which made his after life
so distinguished.
While he was yet very young, he was removed
to the College of New Jersey, and when he had
scarcely completed his sixteenth year, he gradu-
ated at that distinguished seat of learning with the
first honors of his class. Among his classmates
were the late George R. Richardson, attorney gen-
eral of Maryland, in his day one of the brightest
ornaments of the Maryland bar; Albert B. Dod,
afterwards a distinguished professor of the same
college; Hugo Mearns, of Pennsylvania, distin-
guished for Ins scholarship;and Edward D. Mans-
field, subsequently professor of law in the Cin-
cinnati College. To hold even an equal rank in
such fellowship would have been a great honor,
but to take precedenceoverthem,athis early age,
clearly foreshadowed his subsequent distinction.
At that period he distinguished himself not simply
for scholarship, but he then gave evidence of the
possession of the parliamentary abilities which
made his senatorial life so successful. He was a
member ofthe Cliosophic Society, and, as junior
orator, he won the first honors over all competi-
tion. In 1822 he took the degree of Master of
Arts: and at a later period of his life, that vener-
able-institution, in recognition of his talents and
publicserviccs, honored itself and him by confer-
ring on him the degree of Doctor of Laws.
He studied law in the city of Baltimore, with
the late Judge Glenn, and was admitted to the bar
in 1824. Shortly after his admission, he com-
menced the practice of his profession in Cam-
bridge, Maryland. After remaining in Cambridge
about a year he removed to Louisiana, where he
remained two or three years engaged in planting.
From Louisiana he came to the seat of his family
in Kent county, Maryland, and in that county he
resided to the close of his life. On his return to
Kent, he resumed the practice of law. He very
soon reached the front rank of his profession. His
mind, quick, analytical, and discriminating, was
admiiably fitted for the successful pursuit of the
law. By careful study he had mastered the great
pimciples of the science and made them hisown,
and his ready elocution,enriched and adorned by
his ripe scholarship,and his immense and varied
stores of literature, made him a most powerful
and fascinating advocate. If he had confined him-
self to the pursuit of the law, it is not, I think, too
much, nor any disparagement to others, to say
that the Maryland bar, at no period of its history,
could have pointed to a more profound jurist or
a more successful advocate than he would have
been. But his fellow-citizens, with appreciative
judgment of his capacity for parliamentary duties
and of personal character, did not permit him
long to pursue the quiet walks of his profession,
but early called him into the public service.
In 1831, without any agency of his own, and
contrary to his own expectations, he was sent to
the Legislature of Maryland. The confidence
thus early bestowed was never withdrawn, but,
with one single exception, was continued through
all the mutations of party down to his death. In
1835, he became a member of this House; and,
with the exception of a single term—when he was
defeated by a small majority by the Hon. Philip
Francis Thomas, afterwards Governor of the
State, and at a later period Secretary of the Treas-
ury—he was reelected from term to term till 1843.
In 1843 he was transferred to the other House,
where he continued, by four successive elections,
till his death. This long and uninterrupted period
of public service is the most honorable and con-
clusive proof of his great talents and purity of
character; and it is the more honorable and con-
clusive when it is remembered—as all who knew
him know—that he never, throughout his long
career, took pains to conciliate the support of
any one. He despised the usual arts of elec-
tioneering, and when his own election was the
subject of consideration he was austere and re-
served, even to his friends, to a degree which some-
times provoked complaint. I venture to affirm
that at no period, directly or indirectly, did he
ever speak one word, or do any act, with a view
to propitiate any voter to his support; and from
a long personal acquaintance with his character,
I can say that his delicate sense of propriety would
not have permitted him,to accept office,except in
obedience to the unsought requisition of his fel-
low-citizens that his time and talents should be
devoted to the public service.
