THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wah-
pakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and
'for the disposition of their lands in Minnesota
and Dakota, was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. LATHAM. I inquire if thisbiil is going
to give rise to any discussion ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Not at all. It has been
discussed in the Senate before.
The bill was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill ill
be read at length.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the reading can be dis-
pensed with, perhaps it would be better, as it is
piecisely what we passed before.
Mr. GRIMES. No; let it be read. Let us see
what jt is.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct the
President to assign to and set apart for the Sisse-
ton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wall pa-
ls oota bands of Sioux Indians a tract of unoccupied
land outside of the limits of any State, sufficient
in extent to enable him to assign to each member
of those bands who is willing to adopt the pur-
suit of agriculture, eighty acres of good agricul-
tural land. The several tracts of land within the
1 enervation of these Indians are to be surveyed,
under the direction of the Commissioner of the
Geneial Land Office, into legal subdivisions to
conform to the surveys of other public lands. The
Secretary of the Interior is to cause each legal
subdivision to be appraised by discreet persons to
h i appointed by him for thatpui pose; and, in each
instance where there are improvements upon any
legal subdivision, the improvements are to be sep-
arately appraised. No portion of these lands is
to be subject to preemption,settlement, entry, or
locution under any act of Congress, unless the
party preempting, settling upon, or locating shall
pay the full appraised value, including the value
of the improvements.
After the survey of the reservation, it is to be
on>m to preemption, entry, and settlement in the
same manner us other public lands; but before any
person shall be entitled to enter any portion of the
lands, by preemption or otherwise, previous to
their exposure to sale to the highest bidder at pub-
lic wutery, he is to become an actual bona fide set-
tler, and to conform to all the regulations now pro-
vided by law in cases of preemption, and to pay
within the term of one year from the date of his
settlement the full appraised value of the land and
the improvements thereon to the land officers of the
district where the lands are situated. The por-
tion of the reservation which may not. thus* be set-
tled upon may be sold at public auction, as other
public lands are sold, after which they are to be
.subject to sale at puvate entry, as other public
I.hmJs of the United States, but no poition is to be
told lor a sum less than th"ir appraised value be-
fore rhe 1st of January, 18G5, nor for less than
$1 25 per acre. The money arising from the sale
i.j to be invested by the Secretary of the Interior
for the benefit of the Indians in their new homes
in the establishing them in agricultural pursuits.
The Secretary may locate any meritorious nuli-
\ii!uai Indian, who exerted himself to save the
lives of the whiten in the late massacie, upon the
{n11dh on which the impiovementsare situated,as-
signing the <mme to him to the extent of eighty
to be held by such tenure as is or may be
provided by law, but not more than eighty acres
s!;;-il be awarded to any one Indian. The money
to be annually appropriated for the benefit of
these Indians is to be expended in such manner as
wjil, in the judgment of the Secretai y of the Inte-
rior, best advance them in agricultural and me-
chanical pursuits and enable them to sustain them-
s' 1 v< h without the aid of th > Govei nmerit; but no
pm tion of the appropriations^ to be paid in money
to fi'e Indians, in the expenditure the Secretary
may make reasonable discrimination in favor of
the chiefs who shall be found faithful to the Gov-
ernment of the United States and efficient in main*
tn.ning its authority arid the peace of the Indians.
Tbe.se Indians are to be subject to the laws of the
United States, and to the criminal laws of the State
or Territory in which they m?y happen to reside,
also to such rules una regulations for their
^f.'u'nment as the Secretary of the interior may
p.\'-.oribe; but they are to be incapable of making
ai v valid civil contract with any person other
iha\ o native member of their iriiW, without ih-
consent of the President. The Secretary of the
Interior is also to make reasonable provision for
their education, according to their capacity and
the means at his command.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BOUNTY TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petitions of sundry
volunteers discharged from the Army within two
years from the date of their enlistment by reason
of disability, and asking for bounty, have had the
same under consideration, and have directed me
to make a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
5G4) to amend an act entitled An act to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforc-
ing the laws and protecting public property,"
approved July 2)2, 1361.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. HOWE. The committee are unanimous
in refeience to this bill. It amends the law of
1861; and if it is to be passed this session, it ought
to go to the House of Representatives very soon.
If there is no objection, I ask for its immediate
consideration.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that every non-commis-
sioned officer, private, or other person who has
been or shall hereafter be discharged from the
Army of the United States within two years ftom i
the date of his enlistment, by reason of wounds
received in battle, shall be entitled to receive the
same bounty as is granted, or may be granted, to
the same class of persons who are discharged
after a service of two years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GILBERT K. THORNTON,
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate to give me, this
morning, about ten minutes time to dispose of two
or three little private elaims which will lead to no
debate, and which will save the time of the Sen-
ate if 1 may dispose of them by consent at once.
They are bills which have passed the House of
Representatives, and it is necessary that there
should be the action of the Senate in order to dis-
pose of them. I move to take up House joint
resolution No. 140.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is nowabont ten days
that 1 have been conceding gentlemen the floor
instead of urging the question 
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to say to the Senator
that I shall be thiough before he finishes 1ns
speech.
Mr. MCDOUGALL. I do notpropose to make
a speech, but I undei stood yesterday that I slum Id
have the pi ivilegc of In inging up, this morning, a
measure which 1 think important. It has not come
from the I louseof Representatives, but has to go
to the I louse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire .
The motion was a^ieed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 140) authorizing the Navy De-
partment to allow7 to Paymaster Gilbert E. Thorn-
ton £ 4,500 in settlement of his accounts for money
sto'.-o from him without (auk or negligence on his
par!, was considered as in ('mnmit'ee </f the Whole.
It propose-? to authorize tlie Secretary of the
Navy to allow to Paymaster Gilbert IS. Thornton
m the settlement of his accounts the sum of$4,500,
beiiu; the amount stolen from his safe on board
thestoreship Brandy wine during his absence upon
official business, anil without his neglect or fault.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, oidered to a third reading,
read the third time, ami passed.
HANNIBAL GRAHAM.
Mr. OLAR,K. I move to take up House bill
No. 536, for the relief of Hannibal Giaham.
The motion was agreed to; and the b: 11 was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
; vides for the payment to Hannibal Graham of
j $1,248 in fail for extra services about the Capitol
j between the years 1843 and 1£56.
! The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
i a third reading, read the third nsv, ami pa^d.
BUS AN DICKSON.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up House bill
No. 435, for the relief of Susan Dickson, widow
of John Dickson, deceased.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
recites that by an act of Congress passed Febru-
ary 23,1859, the sum of$25,000 was appropriated
for the benefit of the captors, in the war of 1812,
of the British brig Caledonia; and that John Dick-
son, late of Erie, Pennsylvania, deceased, was
one of the captors, and his name was, by mis-
take, entered on the list of the captors, now in
the Navy Department, as Wiiliam Dickson, and
he left a widow, Nancy Dickson, who still sur-
vives; and it is therefore proposed that the proper
disbursing officer be directed to pay to Nancy
Dickson the portion or share of $25,000 which
was due to John Dickson, deceased, and now
stands credited to the name of William Dickson
on the records of the Navy Department.
The Committee on Claims proposed an amend-
ment to the bill, to strike out " Nancy," and in-
sert 11 Susan," where the name "Nancy Dick-
son" occurred.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
SOSCOL EANCII.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 537. It is a bill of a private nature, that
will give rise to no discussion; if it does I shall
withdrawn. I have been trying for several days
to get it up before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
537) to grant the right of preemption to certain
purchasers on the " Soseol Ranch," in the State
of California, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shall cause the lines of the public sur-
veys to be extended over the tract of country
known as the '* Soscol Ranch," in California, the
claim to which by Don Mariana Guadalupe Val-
lejo has been adjudged invalid by the Supreme
Court of the United States, and to have approved
plats thereof duly returned to the proper district
land office. The actual cost of the survey and
platting is first to be paid into the surveying fund
by settlers, according to the requirements of the
tenth section of the act of Congress, approved
30th of May, 1862, "to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in the Uni-
ted States." After the return of the approved
plats to the district office, individuals, bona fide
purchasers fiom Vallejoor his assigns, may enter,
according to the lines of the public surveys, at
$1 25 per acre, the laud so purchased, to the ex-
tent to which it had been reduced to possession at
the time of the adjudication of the Supreme Court,
joint entries being admissible by coterminous pro-
prietors.to such an extent as will enable them to
adjust their respective boundaries. Municipal
claims within the limits of the " Soscol Ranch"
may be entered under the terms, limitations, and
conditions of the town-site act of May 23, 1844.
All claims within the purview of the act are to
be presented to the register and receiver within
twelve months after the return of the surveys to
the district land office, accompanied by proof of
bona fide purchase under Vallejo, of settlement,
and the extent to which the tiacts claimed had
been reduced into possession at the time of the
! adjudication; and theieupon each case is to bead-
j judged by the register and receiver under such in-
structions as shall be given by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, to whom the proof
and adjudication shall be returned by the local
land office; and no adjudication is to be final until
confirmed by the Commissioner. Any claim not
1 brought before the register and receiver within
; twelve months is to be barred, and the landscov-
1 ered thereby, with any other trans within the
i limits of the'" Soscol Ranch," the titles to which
j are not established under the act, shall be dealt
j with as other public land*; bat no entry is to be
1 made of lands reservedand occupied for military,
I naval, or other public uses, or which may bedes-
! ignated for such purposes by the President, nor
'1 shall any claim under the act extend to mineral
il lands.
