1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bili was reported to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from California whether this is one
of the cases about which I showed him a tele-
graphic dispatch from California.
Mr. LATHAM. No, sir; I do not so under-
stand it, nor does either of my colleagues.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It lias no reference to
those ?
Mr. LATHAM. If it 1ms, we are not aware'
of it.
Mr. HARLAN. The whole question is this:
a certain Mcxican claimant supposed be had a
title to these lands, and he sold them to individ-
uals who ha\e gone on, occupied, and improved
the lands. The Supreme Court has decided re-
cently that the claimant had not a good title. This
bill provides that the settlers may go to the land
office and enter their land at 25 per acre. >
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third '
reading, was read the third time, And passed. |
PRINTING OF XIIE CUIUtKN'OY BILL. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the res- !
ointton repoited yesterday from the Committee ;
on Printing. ;
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- j
ceeded to consider the following resolution: !
Resolved. Tli.u there be printed for the u-^c of the Senate '
ten thousand extra copies of the act entitled An act to I
hiovidf' fm -t national currency secured by a pledge of the
United Mates stock.-, and to piovide lor the circulation ami ,
icdcmption fheu-o'','5 with ptupor maiguial notes.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been suggested to -
me that five thousand conies wtil be sufficient. I
think it will only be needed by a certain class of j
individuals. I move to amend it. ["Oh, no."] :
Other Senators say ten thousand copies are needed. ;
I withdraw the amendment. j
The resolution was agreed to. j
CAK'OMNK X. RENSIIAW. j
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to take up a couple of
bills repoited from the Committee on Pensions.
They aie very short, and i think will not lead to
discussion, and will take but two or three minutes
of time. One of them is a Senate bill, and must
go to the House of Repiesentatives in order to
receive action. The other is a House bill,and I
think only needs to be read to secure the commend-
ation of every one. I move to take up the lull
(S. No. 534) for the relief of Caroline T. Renshaw.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time,and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, it proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Caroline T.
Renshaw, sister of the late Commander William
B. Renshaw, of the United States Navy, upon lite
pension ioil at the rare of thii ty dollars per month
from the 1st day of January, 1863, to continue
during her life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, lead the third time, and parsed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move to reconsider the
vote just taken on the passage of the bill foi the
relief of Caroline T. Renshaw.
The motion to ^consider was agreed
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I can state in one word what
the principle of the hill is. Mia« Renshaw, the
petitioner, is the sister of Commander Wi ilium Ij,
Kenshaw, who was in command of the United
Slates gunboat Westfield near the harbor of Gal-
veston, and was killed on board of that vessel by
blowing her up to save her fiom falling into the
hands of the rebels ni the month ofJanuaiy last.
Commander Renshaw left no wife, never having
been married, but left two sisters. Those sisters
were dependent on him for their support and
maintenance; the three being children of th^ late
Commodore Renshaw, of the United Slates Navy,
who died some years since. One of these sisters
is affected by an incurable disease, and has been
helpless, confined mostly to her bed, for twelve
vents, and is hopelessly diseased, so that she will
be entirely dependent the icsidue of her life, she
now being about fifty years of age. Undti the
laws she is not provided for as the bister of Com-
mander Renshaw. The law provides, however,
r.hitJLwhere an oificer is killed m the service, leav-
ing no wife or children or mother who is depend-
ent in on him, it' he leaves sisters undu' sixteen
years of age who are dependent upon him, they
shall have the pension provided by law for officers
of his grade up to sixteen years of age; recogniz-
ing clearly, it seems to me,the principle that dur-
ing the period of dependence the Government will
make provision for the support of the person who
has thus in consequence of the death of a relative
failed to receive the support on which he or she
previously relied. That seems to be the prin-
ciple. The committee could not distinguish be-
tween a case of helplessness and dependence by
disease and a case of dependence by youth, and
ii thought that this case came within the equity of
jl the law, and that this unfortunate sister of Com-
:j mander Renshaw, who died so gallantly in the
service, should be entitled to receive the amount
!, provided by law for officers of hit* grade, which
ji wouid have gone to his widow had he left one,
i| or to his children if he had left children, or to his
mother if he had left a mother dependent on him,
or to his sister up to the penod of sixteen years
of age. it vaiies, of couise, from the law, as far
as that is concerned; but it is upon the principle,
which the committee thought a sound principle,
that helplessness by disease was equivalent to de-
pendence on account of youth. That is the ground
upon which the bill stands.
I ought to say that two sisters petitioned; the
other appears to be in ordinary good health, and
therefore the committee make no provision for her,
but repoi t the bill in favor of the unfortunate dis-
eased sister.
Air. FESSENDEN. Does the bill give the
same as it would to a wife?
Mr. FOSTER. The same.
Mr. FESdENDEN. It is for the Senate to de-
cide.
The bill was passed.
HERMAN TCKRCK.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move to take up House
bill No. 699, fur the relief of Lieutenant Herman
Tuerck. !!(> is a man who had both his eyes
shot out.
The mofion was agreed to; and the bill (II. R.
No 099; fm the relief of Lieutenant Herman
Tuep'k was considered as m Committee of the
Whole. It piowder* for placing the name of Her-
man Tn-nv.k, lately serving m the military service of
the United States as second lieutenant m company
E of the twelfth regiment of Missouri volunteers,
on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
twenty-five doliais perTVionth, coinmenemgon the
8th day of March, lBG5}, and to continue during
his natural life. This pension is to be m hcu of
all other pensions to which Lieutenant Tuerck
may be entitled under exisinig laws; ard if he
has heretofore received any money from the Gov-
ernment as a pension, under existing laws, it is
to be deducted from the moneys to be received by
him under the act.
Mi. FESSENDEN. If there is any report in
that case i should like to have it lead.
Mr. FOSTER. There is a repoi t; but perhnps I
can state in a few words, a little shorter than by the
report, the facts of the case. Lieutenant Tuerck
was a lieutenant of company E of the tweift h regi-
mcntof Missouri volunteers. lleisa young man
of twenty-two or twenty-three years ot aire. At
the battle of pea Ridge he had both eyes shot out
by a bullet, and is totally blind, incurably blind
for life. The pension provided by law would he
fifteen dollais per month. The bill proposes to
grant twenty-live dollars. We thought it was not
too much considering the terrible visitation that
has corrie upon this man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator if there is not a system of pensions, a
grade of pensions established according to the dif-
ferent degiees ot disability.
Mr. FOSTER. There is, and I stated that for
total disability of a second lieutenant it was fifteen
dollars a month; but we considered this a case
even beyond what is ordinarily understood by
ji total disability. If a man has a leg or an aim
;| shot off, he is considered as within the law of total
'] disability, and receives, if a second lieutenant,
|i fifteen dollars a month, This young man is to-
tally depi ived of sight fore vei ; \n< eye-balls were
I1 both shot out; and we considered that twenty-live
i dollais a month, the amount provided by the bill
; from the House of Representatives, was not too
J much. That is the ground on which it stands.
I Mr. FES^ENDEN. All I have to say is that
if the Committee on Pensions have put tHemsejyca
afloataccordingto thedifference of cases, the (life',
ent degrees of injury done to men, we shalbJin^
ourselves in a vtry short time, with the imhiemie
operations that are carried on, in very grealdiffi-
culty. I have no doubt that this is a very meri-
torious case. No doubt that twenty-five tloUa^s a
month is little enough for Uie man to liy^ opin;
but I ask the Committee on Pensions to coh^li^r
and the Senate to consider where we are to stdp
if wc go on making exceptions according to the
fancy of Senators with regard to individual cases.
It pains me to be obliged to make the slightest
objection to any pension that is proposed to mer-
itorious persons who may have received wounds.
I would very gladly, if I could, consent to almost
any thing thatcouhl be done for their benefit. But,
sir, we have established a regular system accord-
ing to grades, and to begin by the recommenda-
tion of the committee to make exceptions to il on
account of the peculiarity of cases will, in m_f
judgment, if it is sanctioned by Congress, lead to
n gieat expenditure of money, to inextricable-dif-
ficulties, for every Senator and Representative
who has a constituent whose case he thinks to bo
peculiarly meritorious will wish to make that
case an exception in the different grades. In my
judgment we shall be throwing ourselves afloat
on a boundless sea of experiment in our pension
system, instead of confining it,as has been found
safe, prudent, necessary heretofore, to the system
itself as we have adopted it. I cannot vole for the
bill for that reason, although the case is a hard
one.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not think that the Com-
mittee on Pensions arc disposed for slight (TauSeg
to increase the pensions provided by law for those
who have been wounded in the service. I do be-
lieve that a case of this kind is exceptional, and
that everybody will regard it as such. While the
law provides a given pension for total disability,
a case so terrible as this is exceptional; and I con-
fess that 1 shall be prepared, for one, to report in
favor of an additional pension for every man, pri-
vate or officer, over and above the pension for
total disability, if he has met with this terrible I oak
of both eyes in battle. There will be but few of
such cases. Ordinarily a wound of that descrip-
tion is fatal; the individual is killed at once. I
have heard of two other cases. 1 have seen but
two altogether. One was a private (not a second
lieutenant) who,at Autietam, had both eyes shot
out. That case and this are the only two I have
seen. I have heard of one more. I believe we
shall have but very few cases of that description;
and I confess I am prepared, for one, when we
have cases of that sort to give something above
the little pittance provided for total disability by
the general law.
Mr. TflUMBULL. I am not very much given
to voting for pensions, as those with whom 1 have
served in the Senate here know. I have genei-
ally opposed these special cases, not because I did
not think they were deserving, but because of the
danger that has been indicated by the Senator
from Maine; but I think you will find very few
such cases as this. It is not like a man losing his
arm
Mr. FESSENDEN. Or both his arms?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Or both his arms. There
is no comparison. Heie is a young man with
both his eyes shot out. What can he do ? If he
had forty arms he had better lose them Jill. What
would a man not give up rather than his eyes ? X
think you will find very few such cases, and if
you can find two, as the Senator from Connecticut
says, or twenty such cases, I am willing to pay
them a little more. I do not believe theie will be
many of them, and i know no greater possible
deprivation than for a man to lose his sight and to
be totally blind.
Mr. FESyENDEN. I have no disposition to
oppose this bill any further than my duty abso-
lutely compels me to do; and I do not suppose
fiom my experience in tho Senate that it is of any
use to oppose anything that addresses itselfto the
Senate as a hard case. The argument, however,
fails to convince me. Yon might pay this man
$1,000 a year, and it would be no sort of remuner-
ation. You cannot pay a peison so as to matte
up to him such a loss, it is one of those terrible
misfortunes that no money in any way can make
good.
But the question is, after all, whether there is
