300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
roe the following letter, which, without bis con-
sent or knowledge, and perhaps contrary to his
wish, I take the liberty of-reading^ to the House:
Chestertown, December 21, 3862.
My dear Sir: My father's painful hie was ended yes-
terday, at two o'clock, in perfect tranquillity of mind and
body," and I have not a shadow of doubt that he is enjoying
the eternal happiness which is the &uie reward of such faith
and repentance as his. What his sufferings were no one
will ever know, but 1 believe no human being ever endured
more intcu&eoi prolonged buffering. 1 am sure no one ever
hoie them wctli jeadiei: acquiescence to God's will, or
sweeter cheerfulness to those aiound him. He had ac-
quired a frame of mind so wholly set on heaven, that the
only thoughts which ever put aside religion were those that
the unhappy condition of the country forced upon him. if,
as f presume, your friendly connection with him consti-
tutes you the pi ope r person to notify the House ot Repre-
sentatives of his death. I think I only carry out Ins wishes
in asking you to state distinctly the clear, decided icligious
opinion he held, and the anxiety he expressed so often that
liis former a**ocKiie  in public life might know ilie cer-
tainty with which lie fruited in his belief. If he had lived,
it would have been ins effort to make practical exhibition
of this ; and now that ho has gone, 1 think it my duty to
make tins request of \ou. The day before his death, he
chaiged me to fend to j^ou the lemembiance of ln^ death-
bed. He said, Tell hfm F loved mm," and was going on
fin t her, but his emotion silenced hun. It is a dreadful loss
to 1o?-p a hither, and, most of all, such as mine was to me.
For the fitst time in my life, I find my grief,coritraiy to my
nature, longing for expiession to those who shaie it with
me. But I am writing now to discbarge n duty, and have
already accomplished it.
I remain, my dear sir, very tiuly yours
J. A. PEARCE, Jr.
Hon. J. W- Crisfigld, Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. Speaker, the scene has closed! James Al-
fred Pearce has been gatheu-d to hisfatheis;
liis spirit has gone to meet the responsibilities and
the rewards of eternity; ins life and character only
remain, just objects of admiration and emulation
to American youth!
u We have lost him ; he is gone;
We know him now; all namnv jealousies
Arc silent; and we see hun a-> he moved,
How modest, kindly, all-accomplished, wise,
Willi what sublime icpiession ol himself,
And in what limits, and how tendeilv ;
Not swaying t>> thi-< faction ot to lh.it;
Not making hi  high plaee the lawless perch
Of winged ambition1-, noi a vantrure-giound
For plca>ure; but tlnoiurh ail this tract of years
Wearing the wiiifo flovvei ol a blameless life,
Beloie a thousand peonug littlcue^es
Who dares fori:>hadow foi an onlv ■son
A lovelier life, a more unstained than hi<t ?*'
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved^ That the limine of "Representatives of the Uni
ted State.- has ifceived with the deepest sensibility intel-
ligence of the death ol Ja.hi-.s Ai.rRin I'eaiu k, late a Sen-
ator in rongies- liom the Stale ol .Maiyland
Resolved, That the membeis and officer- of tins House,
as a piopcr maik ol re.-pcrt loi the personal eh.iraeiei and
long and valuable public sei viee^ ot Hon A. J'tarck,
will go into mourning by weaiing crape on the leit aim tor
the period ol thiiiv dajs.
Resolved. That, a* a lui thoi niai k of inspect lor llie mem-
ory of the decea^od, tins ilou^e do now adjouin.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Air. Speaker, I lise to
do little else than to second the Resolutions offered
by my friend from Maryland. I knew Mr. Pearce
well. For many years 1 enjoyed the honorand
pleasuie of an acquaintance with him more inti-
mate, perhaps, than did a majoiny of those who
were associated with him in public life. Noth-
ing1 of all that has been said by my friend from
Maryland surpasses the actual beauty of his char-
acter. I served with him longm the Senate; and
during that full term of servi'-e, embracing periods
of high political agitation and in eat party excite-
ment, no one ever heard Mr. Pearce say a word
or saw him do an act in that body that was not
suitable to a gentleman and a Senator. No rule
of decorum towards any member of the body was
ever violated by him. To be a gentleman and to
be honoiable was a part and pared of his nature.
They seemed to be less the acquirement of ?iny
morol education which he had leceived than pare
of his natural endowments. \ never heard him,
by any inadvertence, I never heard him, in any
moment of excitement m conversation, utter a
sentiment that was not in itself delicate and pure.
There was nothing vulgar, there was nothing rude'
about him. His modesty was conspicuous in the
midst of the many virtues that adorned him. He
was not more careful of the rights and feelings
of others than he demanded from others perfect
respect towards himself. He had no idea that
was more clear and distinct that] that of the high-
est personal honor and the keenest sensibility to
I anything like insult, and no one was more prompt
j to resent any indignity. And yet, sir, although
I possessed of all these high qualities, Mr". Pearce
was a man who made no ostentatious display. I
never knew one who was freer from the quality
of egotism. He conccaled his high qualities and
virtues as the mine conceals its treasures. There
was no display of them. It was only when oc-
casion required it that his powers were put forth;
and such was his diffidence, his marked and char-
acteristic diffidence, that he passed through this
House and passed even through the Senate with
but $n imperfect knowledge on the part of those
bodies of the extent of his virtues or of his intel-
lectual qualities.
Mr. Speaker, I ought not to add a word to what
has been said by my friend from Maryland. I
shall but mar the just and beautiful picture which
he has drawn of the character and life of his
friend. I know no more educated, polished, and
" refined legislator than he was. There was, sir,
a daily beauty in his life, and his death has cor-
responded with it. May the grass grow green
upon his grave and the rose and the laurel flour-
ish thete together, while his country shall long
remember him with pride and affection.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, when Mr.
Pearce entered this House, twenty-seven years
a°;o, he was a young and ardent member of the
Whig party, then preparing for its first great vic-
tory, whose bright promises were soon dashed
by the disgraceful defection of a Virginian, who,
then treacherous to his party and lately treacher-
ous to his nation, has gone down to his grave m
ignominy and contempt. From that period to the
day of his death, Mr. Pearce continued, with the
exception of one congressional term, a member
of the national Legislature—and was an observer
and participant m the political movements of
those momentous years. During all that time,
he was an attentive and laborious member,always
maintaining a high position, and enlarging the
sphere of ins influence. He was conspicuous in
what must be considered a great historic period—•
one ftuitful of vast consequences, not only to us,
but to millions elsewhere, not only to the cause
of free government on this continent, but to all
forms of government on all continents; and he
bore an important, if not a controlling part in the
achievements of that quarter of acentury in which
the nation appeared to be making the surest and
quickest progress towards supremacy and immor-
tality. A few facts will best illustrate this point.
When Mr. Pkarce entered Congress, the peo-
ple were divided solely upon questions of internal
administration—the expediency of a protective
tariff, a sub-Tieasury, and the dtstiibution of the
proceeds of the sates of the public lands; the
great Northwest had scarcely entered upon its
amazing career; the Sabine bounded us on the
southwest; the Oregon boundary and the north-
eastern were unsettled; our immense Indian pos-
sessions were unorganized, and neither the nation
nor foreign Powers had realized the extent of our
resources, the reach of our capabilities, or the
magic and marvelous influence we were destined
to exert upon fheworld. During his term of ser-
vice many perplexing foreign differences were
adjusted, and Aineiican diplomacy made for itself
an honorable place, in the persons of Webster
and Matey and Seward; t#e State of Texas was
annexed, the Mexican war fought, an empire
added to our domain, and our golden sister from
the Pacific welcomed by the nation; seven other
Stales were encircled by the Union, which
stretched from ocean to ocean; the whole of our
territorial possessions was covered by organiza-
tions upon the principles of which, after long
controversy, the Congress were unanimously
agreed; the tariff policy was variously modified,
and a uniform land policy adopted; the Pacific
railroad was inaugurated, and the slavery con-
troversy of 1850 was compromised, and then so
sadly reopened in 1^54 by the enactment of the
Kansas-Nebraska law, with all the gloomy cata-
logue of wrongs and evil of which it was the pro-
lific mother. At the close of his career he found
this vast empire torn by internal dissensions, the
American Union shattered, its power weakened,
its mission eclipsed, its beauty obscured, its in-
stitutions threatened, and its life in danger. To
all of us this great grief has come with crushing
weight. Our deceased friend felt it with peculiar
acuteness; for had he not helped to consolidate
this empire, enlarge the Union, increase its power,
ennoble its mission, refine its beauty, protect its
institution^, and guard its life? As Rachel wept
for her children, he would not be comforted. The
troubles of the country preyed upon him, and his
days were shortened.
Few of us have had so varied experience. Upon
all questions he hasaciearand open record. Upon
that it is not for me to pass. It is, however, proper
to say that I believe Mr. Pearce met the great
responsibilities of his position with a purity of
purpose rarely if ever exceeded in our history.
In his personal character Mr. Pearce was singu-
larly admirable. He wasa well educated,highly
cultivatedgentleman. A statesman, he wasapatron
of the finoarts. As chairman for twenty years of
the Joint Committee on the Library of Congress,
he gave that valuable institution a guardianship as
faithful and careful as it was enlightened; and as
a regent of the Smithsonian Institution from its
date of organization, and a member of its execu-
tive committee, he nobly identified himself with
that great educating and civilizing agent which
will make the name of Smithson enduring as one
of the benefactors of mankind. Mr. Pearce was
all his life a student, unobtrusive in demeanor,
but of strong convictions and decided opinions,
which he always had the manliness to avow in
the presence of friend or foe. He was a gentleman
of the most delicate sensibility, as all realized who
observed his bearing during the pendency of his
last reelection to the Senate. He was a laborious,
faithful, and useful man, whose counsels, fidelity,
and information will be missed in the committee
room, the Senate Chamber, and the halls of science.
Mr. Speaker, called to serve with him in two
fields of labor, and thrown somewhat intimately
with him, my conceptions of his character—
formed after years of observation—were con-
firmed; and I never ceasod to admire him for the
thoroughness with which he performed every
duty, the high motives which conti oiled his con-
duct, and the clearness he brought to the consid-
eration of subjects of common interest. On many
points we differed; but I believe it will be many
years before theie will be found in the American
Congress a purer, more enlightened, and useful
member than the late James Alfred Pearce, of
Maryland.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, I have only been
apprised since I came into this Hall that these
sad ceremonies of respect to our distinguished
colleague were appointed for to-day. I wish,sir,
to offer my tribute of respect to his memory. He
honored me with his friendship for many years,
and in the last months of his life freely imparted
to me his views upon the vital questions which
now, unhappily, divide our country. I am au-
thorized to speak his thoughts here upon those
questions: and I wish, if the unpremeditated
thoughts suggested by the occasion or awakened
by the touching and eloquent tributes of the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who have pronounced them,
may go in place of more studied eulogy, to offer
them just as they spring from my heart. I wish
to speak of the respect in which he was held by
those who, in the divisions of political sentiment,
as represented in party organization, and who,
having opposed him throughout the greater por-
tion of his life, at length discovering that he was
a public man who followed " principles and not
men," honored him with the highest testimonies
of thea^con fid once, and committed to him the rep-
resentation of the sovereignty of their State. For
the Democratic party of the State of Maryland. I
bear here testimony for them; and for those of all
parties who believed with him that the Constitu-
tion of this land was made foi war as well as for
peace; nay, sir, who believe that its strongestand
most priceless sanctions were designed as bul-
warks against the tendencies of arbitrary power
supported by mihtaiy authority,and haveahigher
obligation in war than in peace. For those in our
State who, while acknowledging all the delegated
powers of the Federal Government, yet retain an
equal reverence and respect for the reserved rights
of the States, I wish to speak in testimony of
their respect for his distinguished public life—a
life which illustrated, m a long public service, all
those virtues which can adorn a high and pure-
