802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
110 prophet's eye to discern, in this awful strug-
gle, one of the world's great convulsions, by which
the generations of men are purged and purified
for a renewed and better career. In the roar and
shriek of battle and the wild wail of woe which
filled all the land, he could detect no rythmic voices
chanting the great hymn of human progress and
hope. The convulsions were the premonitory
throes of dissolution, and the voices the cries of
universal despair. Through no vista came a ray
of hope, and nowhere beckoned a hand to safety.
But night interminable, without stars or hope of
dawn, draped the earth as with its funenfl pall.
He had seen his native Virginia desecrated and
despoiled,discrowned, and given over to a most
living desolation. He had seen the old friends
and companions of his life and manhood come in
the fierce array of battle, and invade the soil ftf
his Maryland, and leave their red footprints burnt
into its soil, so thatforgetfulness may neverefface
them, and leaving wounds so deep as to defy the
surgeryoftime itself. So he turned him from all
outward things to that inner life and light, and
died with their halo on his brow and their hope
in his heart, leaving his memory to his children,
his history to his country, and the lesson of his
life to those who may profit by it.
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
soon after my arrival here at the beginning of my
service, it was my fortune to have quarters at the
same house and table with Senator Pearce, and
from that moment our social relations were of the
most kindly character, and, perhaps, he might
have allowed me to say intimate.
Senator Pearce, possessing a commanding in-
tellect, possessed, also, great aptitude for acquire-
ment m many directions, embracing science, lit-
erature, and agriculture, as well as' politics and
constitutional law; and there were happily blended
in him the habits of a scholar and a man of affairs.
I have mot with few men who appeared to me to
be better furnished with the qualifications which
adorn and make useful a statesman, a legislator,
or a man.
In social intercourse he wasconspicuous for his
affluence of information, anecdote, and ready wit.
The table was always a season of enjoy ment, and
he participated in current topics of conversation
with as much zest as he engaged in graver debate.
His language was ever chosen witli much elegance
and precision, and his manners were always gen-
tlemanly. He adhered to friends, regardless of
party boundaries, with a tenacity th.it never fal-
tered. As a citizen of Maryland, when others
wavered, he stood firmly for the Union and the
Constitution.
But, Mr. Speaker, I merely rose to say that, in
the death of the distinguished Senator, I felt that
I had lost a valued friend.
The question was taken on the resolutions, and
they were agreed to; and theieupon (at thiee
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IX SENATE.
Wednesday, January 14,18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, Dr. SrNDERLAND.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting a note addressed
to the Secretary of State by the minister resi-
dentof theHanscatic Republics, accredited t,i this
Government, concermnsjan international agricul-
tural exhibition, to be hi Id next summer,"in the j
'city of Hamburg; which was referred to the I
Committee on Foreign Relations. I
Hie ViCk PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 1
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, rec- 1
ommendmg nn appropriation to be placed at the
disposal of his Depaitinent for the benefit of the !
Indians in Utah, and other Indians with whom i
we have no treaties, and the appointment of two !
special agents, one for the Chippewas of the North ;
arulone forthe Upper MissouiilndianK.atid other
tribes, forthe purpose of allaying the general dis- 1
content and disposition to violence represented to '
exist among them. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. It occurs to the ;
Chair that these subjects appropriately belong to i
two committees. If there be no objection, so ;
much of the letter as relates to intercourse and
special agencies will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs; and so much of the same
as relates to the appropriations asked for will be
referred to the Committee on Finance; and the
communication and accompanying papers will be
printed if there be no objection.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the credentials of
Hon. Tiiomas H. Hicks, appointed by the Gov-
ernor of Maryland a Senator from that State to
fill, until the next meeting of the Legislature, the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. James
A. Pearce. The credentials were read; the oath
prescribed bylaw was administered to Mr. Hicks,
and he took his scat in the Senate. i
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. [
Mr. BROWNING presented the memorial of j
the Executive Board of the Illinois State Agricul- I
tural Society, praying for the issue of coupon !
bonds, having thirty yeais to run, of $100, $500,
$1,000,and $5,000each, havingan interestof three
per cent., and to be offered in market, and if not
taken at par, then to authorize and direct the issue
of legal tender Treasury notes, without interest,
made legally equal to coin in all domestic trans-
actions; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
COURT or CLAIMS REPORTS.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom were referred reports of the Court of Claims
] adverse to the claim ofR. A. Clements, adtninis-
; trator of James N. Mullicon; the claim of Stephen
Johnston and others; the claim of David D. Mit-
| clieiI;- the claim of Thomas Hicks, cxccutor of
Isaac Hicks; and the claim of Alexander D. An-
derson, a dm mistiator of John Anderson, have di-
rected me to report resolutions confiiming the ad-
verse decisions of the court, and I ask that they
be considered and disposed of at once.
By unanimous consent, the following joint
resolutions were severally read three times, and
passed:
A joint resolution (S. No. 118) to confirm the
j adverse decision of the Court of Claims til the case
of R. A. Clements, administrator of James N.
Mullicon;
A joint resolution (S. No. 119) to confirm the
ad veise decision of the Court of Claims m the case
of Stephen Johnston and others;
A joint resolution (S. No. 130) to confiim the
advei se decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of David Mitchell;
A joint resolution (S. No. 121) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
: of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks; and
| A joint resolution (S. No. l;>2) to confirm the
| adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
] of Alexundei D. Anderson, administrator of John
Anderson.
«KPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee on theJu- '
diciary, tu whom was referred the bill (£1. II. i
No. 634) giving aid to the State of Missouri tor '
the pu rpose of seem m<j tho abolishment of slavery j
111 said State, have instructed me to report it with j
an amendment. The wmnj committee, to whom j
was referred the bill (S. No. 434) granting the aid i
of the United States to the State of Missouri to ;
emancipate the slaves m said State, instruct me j
I to report it back with a recommendation that it !
: be indefinitely postponed, the House bill upon i
[ the same subject superseding the necessity of this l|
i bill. si
| The bill (S. No. 434) was indefinitely post- !j
j poned. jl
J Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the '{
I Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, \':
1 to whom was lefcired tho bill (S. No. 46*3) to |
. authorize the consolidation of regiments and com- l!
i panses, reported it without amendment. ■'
, He also, from th^ same committee, reported a 'i
bill (S. No. 403) to authorize the appointment of
three auditors anu a solicitor for the quartermas- I
ter's department, and to increase the clerical force
of the Quartermaster Genet al's office; which was ,!
read and passed to a second reading. j!
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil- h
itary Atlairs and the Militia, to whom was re- !
feired the bill (S. No. 415) to promote the effi- jl
i ciency of the subsistence department, reported it j
i with an amendment, !;
Mr. SAULSBTJRY, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. £22) for the relief of the
heirs of Almond D. Fisk, deceased, reported it
with an amendment, and submitted a report,
i which was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM .THE HOUSE.
A message from tho House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 133) to
provide for the immediate payment of the Army
and Navy of the United States, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following en rolled bill and joint resolutions; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 587) to provide for the im-
prisonment of persons convicted of crime by the
1 criminal court of the District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 126) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Thomas B. King;
A joint resolution (!i. 11. No. 127) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of Arthur Edwards and others;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 128) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
case of George Yates:
| A joint resolution (H. R. No. 129) to confirm
i the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
; case of Joshua Eddy's heirs; and
j A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) to confirm
! the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the
j case of J. W. Knaggs, administrator of Whit-
more Knaggs.
COMMUNICATION WITH TIIE REBEL STATES.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimouscon-
; sent, and agreed to:
| Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
! be instructed to inquiic whether vessel and other mean*
j of transposition under the eontiol of the War Depaitment
: have been u*ed to convey disloyal women oi other disloyal
! personsfrom piace.s under the control of theiebels to places
I within the Union line-*, ami Horn places m the loval States
: and districts to places within tho rebei lines ; and if«o, what
, ve.sseN arid other means of transportation have been thus
j u^ed,imdei whose immediate supeivii-ion, and at what cost
! to tho Government; and paitieulaily whether the steamers
i Now York and Motmnora, (or either of them.) have been
! thus used ; ami, if no, what law or public necessity required
; it; wh;u number of such persons weie thus transported ; the
: co-t ofeach ti ip ; unde i whose immediate command and tui-
1 pcivision ; whatamountof pioperty,money,(whethei gold,
, silvei,or pnpei,) and effect* weie transported on the prisons
j and a& the property of <aid ih^ioyai prisons; and whether
pci-ons of Attican descent, eithoi as slaves or free, were
| thus transpoi ted to and within tho icbel lines at the request
I oiVud disloyal women ; n mi, if so, what   umbei were thua
! convejcd. and under what order, pretence, claim, oi au-
1 thonty ol law such pe^ons of All ican descent were thus
i conveved to places within the lehel line--. AUo, whether
; any legislation is net essary to con ret such practices; with
leave to report by hill oi otheiwise
SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to take up tho
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs m relation to the Sioux nation of
Indians.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, an
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. No. 109) in relation
to the Sioux nation of Indians. The joint resolu-
tion, as originally introduced by Mr. Rice, was
as follows:
Whereas the Sioux or Dakota nation of Indians have,
by their iriurdeious attacks for \eais upon the citizens of
the United States, forieittd all rl.iim to the right of occu-
pancy of the extensive irgmns heretoioie left m their pos-
sesion, and to annuities due, or to become due, under
existing treaties: Thuefore,
Be it resolved Ly the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States oj America m Congress assembled, That
the 1'iosident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authouzf d lodrrlturail land-*,rights of occupancy, and an-
nuities heretofore accorded to said Indians foifcited to the
United States.
Sec. Jlnd be it farther resolved, That the President
he, and h<4 i-s heieby, authouzed to select, fai Horn the set-
tlements of the white-, such ttact or tracts of land as may
he lequired for agricultural puipo«es, and to remove said
Indian^ tiieteto, and to cau^e Mich mealies to he taken
as will enable the said Indians to live us agricultuu^ts ; and
he is further authorized to furnish said Indian^ with teach-
ers, provisions, clothing, tools, &e., trom time to time, as
their necessities may requue.
Sec. 3. Jliul be ti fx#the* retolced, That the sum of
