1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lives, I believe, to organize a Bureau of Immigra-
tion to facilitate the immigration to this country
from Europe, ami it is proposed to appropriate
§3,000,000 tor that purpose. Now, 1 ask Senators
if it is not a better and more practical scheme to
discourage embarking in this thing as a Govern-
ment, and allow a company, whiclnnust have the
character and creditor this company, to engage in
this work, when they will do it without taxing the
Government a dime. I have, therefore, moved
this amendment, providing that this company may
be allowed to enlist laborers by a voluntary or-
ganization, with penalties being stipulated in the
written or printed articles of enlistment, and to
advance thereupon the cost of the transportation
of the laborers to the line of the road. These arti-
cles of enlistment, with the forfeitures and penal-
ties therein stipulated, are fust to be approved and
sanctioned as reasonable and just by the President
and Attorne yG eneral of the United States. Of
course I would not advocate any system that
would make slaves of those Europeans who come
to this country. I would have eve^article submit-
ted 'to the Presidentand Attorney General, and m
view of their enlightened patriotism it should be
pronounced equitable and just, and under such a
stipulation as that I would invite the laborers to
this road.
I have said thatby having this money deposited
in the money markets of the world, where we can
get the benefit of the exchange, which is almost
equal to the investment of the Government, and
then opening the labor markets of Europe to get
the laborers, it will facilitate the constiaction" of
this road. I commend this view of the subject to
those who desire to see our western countiy set-
tled, to those who want to see a line of free States
to the Pacific on the route of this road, to those
who believe that a man js an American that has an
American heart in hisbosom without regard to the
accident of his birth or his education. You and I
may have been bom in this country, hut we could
not help it. There is no great merit in having been
born here. That man is as truly an American who
looks out upon our institutions, though he looks
across the ocean, and longs to identify himself
with us in our gieat struggle to develop civil lib-
erty on this continent. If he longs to come here,
if he has a heart in sympathy with us, even though
his hands may be tied by poverty and proscrip-
tion at home, if he comes to this country intelli-
gently under those circumstances, he is an Ameri-
can; he is the man to settle our broad prairies, to
open our mineral resources, to develop us to the
world.
I will not argue this question at any length. I
have simply stated the reason why I wish the
amendment adopted, and why I think there is more
in the amendment than in the eight t>eeuous pio-
posed by the committee. If I was to build this
road, if I was to have the charge of its consti no-
tion, I would prefer this amendment to all the other
sections contained in tlip bill, saving and except-
ing perhaps the one which the Senator from Iowa
has suggested is necessjry. Ifthis company can
get money in Europe and the benefit, of the ex-
change, and go and be secured in going to the labor
markets of Europe for the labor, it will do very
much for the construction of the road. L 't me
say to Senators that no parties will go to Europe
unless they can be secured to some extent in the
labor that they may bring to this country. The
Senators from California know that men who were
taken to that State from the old States deserted
their vessels, I know merchants in Boston who
sent their vessels to California, and as soon as
they got there the sailors deserted. They had
heard large stories about the gold m the mountains,
and enough seamen could not be retained on the ]
vessf!s*to get them out, of port. Takt; half the
laboring class of Europe, which we should like I
to get, and put them down m these gold regions, I
and they would not work a week. With thy vis- I
j.on& of gold before them, they would not work j
long enough for the company to p;<y the expense \
of getting them there, unless there was some con- ;
tract, some organization, that could be enforced. •
It will be in vain to undertake to build a road of j
this character outside of civilization, outside of :
law, outside of courts, without an organization, j
without a military organization if you please, that I
shall maintain otder, keep the peace,and facilitate |
the operations of this company. I therefore most I
cordially recommend this amendment to the Sen-
ate, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr, McDOUGALL. This amendment was
suggested to me some days since, and I did not
approve the policy of the movement at the time;
not because I was not convinced that the amend-
ment would be a wise one, but only for the
reason that I thought it would be impossible to
get sufficient concurrence of opinion to secure its
adoption, and therefore I did not urge it. It is
a novel piece of legislation, and because of its
novelty I thought it would meet with opposition.
A very-important aid it would be to this enter-
prise, and in my judgment it is altogether con-
sistent with every principle of ourorganic law and
our national policy and is within our legitimate
power.
Probably therejs nothing in the war policy of
this Government more demanded for Government
maintenance, the maintenance of our perfect ond
exact integrity, than this line of communication.
The Government would be justified in building
the road at us own entire expense, from the banks
of the Mississippi to the bay of San Francisco.
It is, indeed, I will say more, the high duty of the
Government to do so if it cannot be done other-
wise through individual enterprise.
Now, in regard to the importance of this mat-
ter, I am told by a gentleman, who I think is a gen-
tleman of high intelligence, and who I know is a
man of great enterprise, that in building the ex-
tension of the Erie railroad into the West, aiming
at communication with Cincinnati and St. Louis,
an enterprise employing labor from Europe, two
hundred miles of railroad on the six feet gauge, I
may say, as tSie gauge question has been up, were
built in two hundred and twenty days. They
had to bring their labor from Europe, and I am
told that only about thirty-three and one third per
cent, of the workmen remained after they had been
paid the expense of transportation from the shoies
of Germany and other parts of Europe to the
places where their labor was to be employed.
In carrying out this great enterprise—a neces-
sat y enterprise, that should be accomplished with
the grealestexpedition, with proper legard to pub-
lic economy—all the forces that belong to (he Gov-
ernment should bo engaged. One is authority—
authority to command labor on this road. That
ts the thing desiied by this amendment—the au-
thority to command labor. All people who know
anything about public works know that there are
two things, the authority of a man himself and
the authoiity the law gives him. No man can be
a large contractor to build any section of a canal
or a railroad unless he is a man of authority him-
self; he commands a small department. Give a
man authoiity anu law together, and then he can
bi ing them into use as a general should bring an
army into action. We need that. We need this
road. It is very essential; as essential as anyen-
terpuse that is involved between Fredericksburg
and Richmond, and as essential to the Republic
and its integrity. As a mere question of consti-
tutional right, by the very same rule by which we
have the nght to furnish money to build the road
we have (he right to organize it in the most effect-
ive manner. My judgment is that this would be
a most excellent amendment if it could bo carried
into execution. The only mason why I hesitated*
to give my approbation to it m the first, instance,
when presented to me by a man who understood
the business in which lie was engaged, was, I
thought I could not secure tin; requisite concur- j
renee of opinion. ;
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, it might be j
very convenient to the company to have the power j
to coerce the fulfillment of a contract of labor on 1
the part of theii employes. It might be as con- j
venient for you or me, as individuals, to have that ;
power; and yet, it stems to me, it is m direct eon- j
tlsot with the puneipies on winch free society is I
organ iz« d. Whui I employ on individual to per- '
form labo,- for me, I lely on hi* honor ami his in- j
terestto fulfill that engagement The reverse of I
tins is slavery. !
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let in.; suggest to the
Senator from Iowa nv hethcr that 1.3 not one reason ■
why we m-e we^k r
Mr. HARLAN. I know that is an argument ;
often advanced in favor of shivery: it is convcn- ■
lent. When the eapitalistowns the laborer he can j
coerce the laborer; he can compel him to fulfill 1
the supposed obligation to pay for his food, shel-
ter, clothing, and medicine; butin free society we
rely the voluntary fulfillment of this wigags*
ment. The poor man's only safety when .he shall
have been outreached by the enlightened and the
wealthy is to run away from his employer; and
I shall not take from the laborer on this railroad
that security. If the company shall fail to rpake
it the interest of the men they employ to remain,
I am willing they should run away: and th$y
ought to do so.
The very facts that have been submitted by the
Senator from Kansas emphasize this-reason,as it
seems to me. He proposes to send to Europe for
laborers, or suggests that the contractors on this
railroad may be under the necessity of doing so,
where labor is very cheap, and where it will be
very easy to deceive the laborer as to the relative
value of labor and money in this country. Once
here, he proposes to use physical force to compel
the fulfillment of the contract. Why, sir, we have
abolished long since in the new States imprison-
ment for debt. If you cannot imprison a man to
compel him to pay a debt he owes in money, I
will not imprison a man to compcl him to pay a
debt that he owes in labor. Let the contractors
on this road rely on the honor and the interest of
the men they employ. If the rofd cannot be built
on this principle, let it remain unbuilt to the end
of time.
This road is not the gigantic enterprise, how-
ever, that the Senator from Kansas suggests. It
is but three thousand miles in length, including
all its branches. There are more miles of railroad
now in the State of Illinois than will be necessary
to complete this entire work. During the ten years
between 1850 and 1860 the people of the United
States have built twenty-two thousand miles of
rmlroad. This enterprise requires the construc-
tion of but three thousand, less than one seventh
of the amount that has been built in the United
States during the past decade. Let the companies
commence at the ends of the road, on the Pacific
coast and the Missouri river, and resort to the
usual means for securing labor, and they can con-
sti uct the road without difficulty, in my judgment;
but if they fail to do so 1 will not establish or en-
able them to establish a system of slavery forthe
purpose of executing their engagements. What
is it but peon slavery to compel a man to fulfill a
contract in labor? Is not that the system of slavery
in Now Mexico, or which the Senator himself has
complained so long and so eloquently—that the
capitalist, the man of influence, the man of intel-
ligence will cheat the poor ignorant man into an
agieement to labor for a certain number of cents
a day, and then compel him to work from year
to year, with power to compel him to labor during
his natural life, in order to discharge these obli-
gations ? The only guaiantee that the Senator
suggests is that those rulcsshall be established with
the approval of the President and the Attorney
General. Sir, I will not confer on the President
or the Attorney General, or on both combined,
the power to establish any kind of slavery in this
country.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, it has been often
stated that we are fast drifting into a despotism.
That may be so; but I did notexpect to see a bill
introduced into this Congress inaugurating by law
the first step to such an end. This bill provides
that the military shall be called upon for the en-
forcement of civil contracts, and that, too, in a
country over every foot of which ihe civil laws
extend, it strikes me as ihe most monstrous
proposition I ever heard of. I hope it will not
receive a vote in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 desire to say a little more
about this " monstrous proposition," which it is
said is going to reduce white men to slavery. If
there is anything so monstrous about it, I should
like to have Senators ventilate it.
In the first place, I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the remarks submitted by the
Senator from Iowa, who says the construction of
this load is no vety great undertaking, because
tin- people of this country have built some twenty-
two thousand miles of railroad during the last ten
>ears; and the building of this load is no very
great undertaking after all. Looked at from one
standpoint it may not be; but from another, it is
a very gieat enterprise. ! know the people of this
country have been considering it for a quarter of
