1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
a century, and not until within the last year or i
two have they been prepared to take hold of it 1
with anything like the energy that promised sue- |
cess. But let me remind the Senator that there |
never was built one mile of road under the cir- I
cumstances under which it is proposed to build .
this road. Will the Senator tell me there has
been a mile of railroad built in a Territory where j
there was no law or government that has any prac- {
tical effect? The Senator from Minnesota says j
Jaw is extended over every foot of this Territory. 1
What kind of a law is extended there?
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will not con-
sider it an interruption, I will say there are bills
pending in the Senate for the establishment of i
State governments for Nebraska, Colorado, and :
Nevada. They will measure the whole distance
between the Missouri river and California with
the exception of Utah Territory. Those bills
have been reported from the standing committee
of the Senate on Territories. That committee
must have made a terrible mistake, or else the
Senator errs greatly in supposing there is no gov-
ernment in the Territories through which this road
is to be built.
Mr. POMEROY. It must be perfectly evident
to the Senator that a proposition to establish a.
State govemmeift is not establishing one now, to-
day. Those arc only prospective propositions,
looking to the establishment of State governments
some time in the future, when those Territories
shall have a population of one hundred and twenty
thousand.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to make a single
observation on that point. There are at least one
thousand miles where there is no possibility of
government unless you are governed by Indians.
Mr. POAIERO Y. There are not courts enough
to average one in a hundred miles on this road
after you get beyond our State line, the one hun-
dred and second meridian of longitude.
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Kansas what he proposes to do with these
laborers who shall be enlisted and brought here,
if after they have been brought into the country
and earned to the State of Kansas, if you please,
they should refuse to comply with the contract?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is the specific perform-
ance of a contract for labor. That is what is meant.
Mr, COWAN. Then I wish to know further,
whether there is any provision to compel a spe-
cific performance of that contract?
Mr. POMEROY. Contracts of this character
will be eufotwd in the courts where there, arc
courts, When we get into a district of countty
where there me no comts, we piopose to have
these contracts enforced by the authority that ex-
ists there; military authority, if you please. Why,
sir, this whole country to-day is under martial
law. There is not a foot, of it that is not under
the military authority; my own State, the State
of Minnesota 
Mr. RKJE No, sir; and it never will be.
Mr. POMEROY. Our whole western country
is under martial law. Our forts aio used for that
j HI! (MlhO.
Because we have a com ton the lino of ihisroad
foreveryonc or two hundred miles, Senators seem
to think thai i«< the only tribunal that should he
established. When weproposo in addition (o es-
tablish State governments there some time in the
future, when t he population of the Territories shall
reach one bundled and twenty thousand, that is
supposed to no establishing comts and govern-
ments all along the line of this road. Now I sub-
mit, wiihour intending to atgue this question at
any length, that when that htate of things exists,
there will be no necessity for any military enforce-
ment of tliis contract, and it will not l>e asked for.
Bat the President of the United States, or the com-
mander-in-chief of the Aimy, has already sent a
military ftnee on the line of this road. The over-
land iitjif runs on the line of this roau, and it is
protected all th" way by the forces of the United
States. There are no eouits, no marshals, no
judges, and no law there; ond when the Scik.tor
from Iowa tells :ne that the people of this country
have built twenty-three thousand miles of road,
and contrasts that with the budding of eighteen
hundted miles of road outside of any State, he
does not submit a case at all parallel to this.
The taking of laborers on the line of this road
will be not only a benefit to the road and the coun-
try j by insuring its early completion, but it will be
a benefit to the laborer himself. Let me tell the
Senator from Iowa I have no more sympathy with
the kind of servitude that he speaks of than he
has, and I would not permit it; but I would take
on to the public lands any number of laborers, and
allow them to work for me long enough to pay the
expenses of their transportation there, and then I
would open to them free homes on the public do-
main. In that way we can facilitate the settlement
of the public domain. In that way you can get this
line to the Pacific built and settled upon. These
people who arebroughtherefromthe StatesofEu-
rope make as good a basis of settlement as those
coming from New England itself. I have found
thataGerman oraDutchman setthngon our west-
ern prairies made a farm quicker than a Yankee.
He could live on less; he worked more; and he
seemed to prosper moie. When I seea settlement
of Germans planted down on our prairies m the
West, it is the strongest possible assurance to my
mind that that settlement will grow up and flourish.
They make the best basis of settlement that we
have, i should like to plant them all the way on
the line of this road. I would not require them
to labor for this company any longer than they
agreed to do unless they chose to do so. That
agreement is to be submitted to the President of
the United States and the Attorney General, and,
in the language of my amendment, is to be pro-
nounced by them just and equitable.
Mr. COWAN. The Senator will allow me to
ask him whether he thinks it would be a good
thing to flog these fellows and inflict penalties
upon them if they do notchooseto work such time
as the overseer may demand fiomthem; whether
that would be good and wholesome discipline ten-
th em ?
Mr. POMEROY. There are diffeient systems
of discipline. I would never adopt that system.
1 do not know but in the Senator's State they may
have that discipline; but it has never been adopted
in my State.
Mr. COWAN. As I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas, he proposes to
submit to the President to make such lules and
regulations for the infliction of such penalties and
the imposition of such forfeitures as will keep
these enlisted laborers in order when they come
Mr. POMEROY. I think the President of the
United States and the Attorney General will pro-
vide just such a system as will be adapted to the
necessities of these people and secure the build-
ing of the road. I have every confidence that they
will make the contract equitable and just.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas yield to the Senator from Min-
nesota >
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield to anybody,
Mr. WILKINSON. Tin: Senator has been
describing pleasant German neighborhoods and
farms. Suppose some of these people who are
enlisted should become fascinated with the rural
life of the Germans in Kansas, and should wish
to go themselves to farming under the homestead
bill, and should go oil': whatdoes the Senator pro-
pose to do with them under his amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. As soon as they had worked
out the specific time they had agreed to woik I
would encouuge their going and making farms.
This proposition, however, does not look to the
settlement o{ my own State. It only relates to the
central company where they work'outside of my
Slate, and does not apply to Kansas at all.
Mr WILKINSON. If the Senator will pei-
mit me, I will put this question: suppose this
gigantic company induce men in Europe to enlist
for ten ytais, and after working one year they
would like to mako a farm, and suppose they
should go on farms, what would be the conse-
quence ?
Air. POMEROY. i will reply to the Senator,
they can introduce nothing in the contract that
the President of the United States and the Attor-
ney Geneial does not putmto the iustiument; and
if the Senator thinks they will put in the instru-
ment anything improper or oppressive, he reflects
on them rather than upon the amendment itself.
Air. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to sug-
gest to my colleague to so amend his amendment
as that this military force cannot pursue these la-
borers into our State. We have not lately given
up a fugitive, and I do not believe we shall be
disposed to give up fugitives from the Central
Pacific railroad. [Laughter.] There is another
suggestion I desire to make to my colleague, as to
whether his amendment goes far enough. Ought
he not to authorize the Union Pacific Railroad
Company to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in
these., cases ? [Laughter.]
Air. POAIEROY. I know very well that what
my colleague says in regard to our people not giv-
ing up fugitives is measurably true; but I know at
the same time that my colleague has influenced
United States soldiers to chase white men off an
Indian reserve which was granted for the benefit
of a certain railroad company. If they will allow
the military force at Fort Leavenworth to chase
white men awl our own citizens off from the re-
serve for the benefit of a railroad company, I think
it is not going very far to allow a military force
of this character in reference to the laborers em-
ployed on the Central Pacific railroad.
Air. WILKINSON and Air. LANE, of Kan-
sas, rose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This debate
is proceeding irregularly and disorderly. The
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] is entitled
to the floor. Docs he now yield it to the Senator
from Minnesota ?
Air. POMEROY. If I can preserve order I
will yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The floor be-
longs to the Senator, and it is under his control,
and he can yield it or not at his own pleasure.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield it.
Air. WILKINSON. I merely wish to ask my
friend from Kansas whether it is his construction
of this amendment that the fugitive slave law
would apply to any of these laborers if they
should run away. [Laughter.]
M r. POM EROY. 1 do not think it would apply.
Mr. President. I am serious in advocating this
amendment, and I do not wish to have my atten-
tion diverted fiom what I think is just and equi-
table in the amendment by anything irrelevant,
that does not relate to it, whether in regard to the
fugitive slave law or the giving up of fugitives
from my own State. Let me say that in this
amendment lies the success of this Central Railroad
Company. If you undeitake to build a railroad
there speedily and quickly it cannot be done with-
out some organization of this kind. I know very
well that in the process of years, as society be-
comes settled, after States aie inaugurated there,
after we have laws and courts in every district,
that a laihoad can be built and can progicss meas-
urably, and drag its slow length along, and the
next generation may, perhaps, have a road to the
Pacific. But, sir, I am a man of this generation;
I am living to-day; I do not expect to live always;
I want to see this road built in my lifetime. I
have notany children that I expect to ride over it,
and 1 want to see it built at the earliest practica-
ble period.
I do not believe the Senators from California
will resist this amendment for the sake of pro-
tracting and delaying the building of this road to
the Pacific; but I say, unless some amendment of
this character can be adopted by which we can
enter the labor maikets of the woild where labor
is cheap and plenty, and they can be brought on
to the line of this road and be allowed to labor
there for a limited period, until, at least, the ex-
penses of tiansportation shall have been paid,
there is no immediate piospect that the road will
be built. I am in earnest for the early comple-
tion of this road. All this talk about slavery and
coercion and monstrous propositions is utterly
misapplied to-a proposition that looks to a speedy
construction of the road; that looks to the early
settlement of our territory; that looks to the oc-
cupancy of our public lands by the \ery class of
citizens whom we desire to have settled upon
them. This amendment to invite the labor of the
world to this country is in harmony with the en-
tire Amencan system. It will facilitate the con-
i struction of this road, and is the only sure guar-
antee that any company can have that they can
build the road. The Secretary of State has writ-
ten and sent dispatches abroad to facilitate immi-
gration from the Old World to this,* Why should
we begin now, for the first time in the history of
