304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 14,
amendments which are proposed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. No bill which has been be-
fore that committee has received more careful
consideration than this. When we come to the
question of amending the bill, it will be seen that
there are a number of amendments proposed by
the committee. I am quite willing first to take
the sense of the Senate on this motion, and if it is
thought best to postpone the bill indefinitely, then
1 trust that a separate proposition will be intro-
duced to abolish the court as at present organized;
and I should vote for that proposition if ,we can-
not amend the law. My judgment, however, is
in favor of amending the law, I believe this court
is useful. I believe it will save to the Government
millions of dollars. I think the cross-examination
which witnesses are there subjected to; the power
which is given by this bill to put the party on
oath whenever the solicitor for the Government
shall think proper to do so, to question him as to
the character of his claim, leaving it optional with
the solicitor whether to do this or not, the power
to call witnesses, and the investigation that the
cases will go tlnough before a competent ti ibunal
of this character, will be much better calculated
to protect the Government than it is possible it
could be protected by the cursory and hasty ex-
amination which is given by a committee of either
House of Congress.
1 have no more to say in regard to it; but I wish
that both sides of the Senate Chamber would turn
their attention to the bill. It does not affect the
politics of the country, but it is one in which we
are all alike interested, and I hope it may receive
the consideration of each Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember very well,
sir, the time when the bill was passed establish-
ing the Court of Claims—I was a member of the
Senate then—and the considerations which in-
duced its passage. I do not agree with the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire that the
object was to providcplacesforpohucians, orany-
body else. The reason why it was passed was,
that it was found that Congress was embarrassed
by the great number of claims presented to it, and
embanassed iuither by the fact that Congress
was obliged to investigate those claims upon ex
parte evidence, and consequently a great deal of
fraud upon the Treasury was perpetrated. The
difficulty that stood in the way before, was the
disinclination of Congress to part with its power
over claims against the Government. At last, after
much deliberation, this court was established upon
the principle that, in a certain class of eases,
(which included everything that could be consid-
ered or designated as legal and equitable claims
against the Government,) Congress might estab-
lish a tribunal, and give to that ti ibunal jut isdlo-
tion to investigate the claims thoi oughly; tolnar
evidence on both sides in the way that courts
usually hear testimony; to collect testimony from
different places, wherever it might be, in order to
ascertain the propriety of allowing the claim or
rejecting it, and upon that make a repoit to Con-
gress; and when that report was made to Con-
gress, so far as their examination went, their re-
port upon the facts was final; that is to say, it
established the facts, and gave their views of the
law.
By this one great evil was done away with m
the great majority of cases; and that was that we
were no longer compelled to decide enses upon c.v
parte testimony. We were relieved of that diffi-
culty, while at the same time we did not expose
the Government to the other evil of submitting to
any tribunal except Congress itself the ultimate
decision with regard to takmg money out of the
Tieasury of the United States. These were the
objects; or rather, the fust was the object, and
the last was the evil to be guarded against.
Now, sir, how has it woiked in practice ? A
court lias been established .and ithasheaid a very
great variety of claims, and has reported to Con-
gress upon those claims, some of them adversely,
many of them favorably. The leports come to
Congress, and they then go into th^ hands of the
Committees on Claims, and the Committees on
Claims being made up of men perfectly competent
to decide upon questions of law as well as of fact,
they revise the decisions. It is ordinarily the case
that if the decision is adverse, it is agreed to, not al-
ways, and perhaps it is not always proper that it
should be agreed to. Inthecases, however, which
are favorably reported,and wheie the claim n gainst
the Government is considered to be established,
the matter is examined by the committee of the
House from which the original claim was sent, if
it went from either branch of Congress, and the
report of the committee is made upon that, and
it is always made within a reasonable time. That
the reports have not always been taken up and
acted upon as speedily as they should be, is our
fault and the fault of the other branch of Congress;
it is not the fault of the Court of Claims; it is not
because the Court of Claims has failed to do its
duty; but it is because,in myjudgment, Congress
has failed to do its duty with regaid to these claims,
and has not acted upon them as speedily as jus-
tice required.
Now, sir, for one I think the court is large
enough. While I do not agree with my friend
from New Hampshire that it was originally the
object to provide for friends, I fear that this bill,
brought in here to enlarge the jurisdiction, and to
enlatge the number of judges and officers of the
court, may be exposed to that result. I do not
say that it has that object, but as a consequence
that may follow. What is proposed by the bill?
It is, in fact, to give away our whole jurisdiction
over the claims against the Government, to put
it in the hands of a court established by ourselves,
at ji period when we know that claims must accu-
mulate upon us by and by. To be sure, that
may be an argument in its favor; but we know
that claims will come which will be of great mag-
nitude,and will mvolvemostimportant principles,
of which we are as competent to judge as any
court, I trust; that is to say, men can be found
here who aie as competent to judge as any court
that we should be likely to establish. It pro-
poses to give away the whole jurisdiction and
power of Congress over claims against the Gov-
ernment, and lay the United States Treasury at
the feet of a court outside.
The principle was insisted upon and agreed to
unanimously, or nearly so, if I remember rightly,
when the court was established, tlaat Congress
could m no event part with the power which it
held over claims against the Government in that
particular, and could in no event put the Treas-
niy of the United States into the hands of a court
or any tribunal whate\ ei, cxcept those who were
tiie proper guaidians of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The morning hour having ex-
pired, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up
I foi consideration the unfinished business, which
) is Senate bill No. 3*24.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be per-
: milled to get a vote upon this question. Let the
• othf-r bill, which I believe is the bankrupt bill, be
1 passed over informally for a few minutes. 1 do
' not think there is to be a protiacted discussion on
; this bill. It is understood by the Senate, and we
[ may be able very soon to get a vote that will bo
j decisive ps to what \v* may do.
! Mr. CLARK. I hope the special order will
I be laid aside informally.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
| consent the bankrupt bill may be laid aside in-
: formally, and the discussioncontinuedonthisbill.
s The Senator from Maine will proceed.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I was remarking that
| that principle seemed to be conceded by cvery-
• body when the court was established; but in the
i couts*  of time we have begun to lose sight of it.
, The Court of Claims itself naturally desires more
; power. It considers itself not so important atri-
j buna! as it would like to be. It would like to
i have a largo jurisdiction. Many claimants, too,
! would unquestionably like to be relieved of the de-
lays which follow from the fact that their claims are
sent back to Congress for final adjudication, and
for the passage of a law authorizing the taking of
money out of the Tieasury. I am sorry for them;
but still, m my opinion, it is a power that the le-
gislative department of the Government ought not
to part with. It ought to keep its hand on the
Treasury, and not put it m the power of a court
or anybody else to draw upon it, according to
their judgment, however good that judgment may
be.
This principle was conceded when the court was
established, it is as important now; and we have
only lost sight of it because the Court of Claims
has come to be something of a power; and many
gentlemen see no reason why it should not be
made something more than it is now; and the
claimants ate a still greater power, as my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggests. I 'think it
would be exceedinglyjdangerous. I am not in
favor of abolishing the court. I do not think the
alternative is presented which is suggested by the
honorable Senator from Illinois. I think the court
has relieved Congress of vast labor, and it has
done great good, and is still doing great good, by
investigating claims in the proper way, and ena-
bling us to have both sides of the question to pass
upon; and one case sometimes involves a whole
class of claims, reaching to a very considerable
amount. I would, therefore, retain the court.
Whether it is as efficient as it ought to be, I do
not know. That depends upon the character of
the judges, what sort of men they are. But cer-
tainly their efficiency in regard to claims compares
very favorably with the efficiency of Congress in
passing upon them afterward; though it should be
remembered that we have other duties to perform.
But what 1 object to, and strenuously, and call
the attention of Congress to, is this: m my judg-
ment it would be utterly unsafe for us to part
with the power of finally adjudicating upon claims
against this Govei nment;and I never will consent,
unless 1 change my opinions very much, to any
bill which proposes, as this bill does, to allow a
court to decide a claim and draw its warrant upon
the Treasury to pay the amount. I see that this
bill contains provisions to which I can never
assent; and this leading provision, which runs
through it, is so exceedingly dangerous, in my
judgment, that I am ready to dispose of the bill
now, and I shall therefore vote for the proposition '
of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thete is a little misappre-
hension on the part of the Senator from Maine as
to the bill. As the committee have reported it, it
does not enlarge the jurisdiction of the court in
any respect; on the contrary, it limits it some-
what.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It enlarges it by giving
finality to the judgments of the court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not authorize the
court to draw any warrant upon the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Substantially so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The provision is that the
judgments are to be paid out of any general ap-
propriation which Congress may make for the
purpose of paying them. Congress will still make
the appropriation for the purpose of paying them
as it does now; but the bill goes on the suppo-
sition that insiead of taking up each case and
making a specific appropnation.to pay $10,000 to
A 13, and then in another bill an appropriation
of $i0,000 to C D, we shall have a general appro-
priation to pay the judgments rendered by the
Court of Claims, and those judgments will be paid
out of that geneial appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not go into the par-
ticular mode; I only spoke of the result. If the
judgments are final; or if we are to make general
l appropriations just as we do under all other stand-
I ing laws, it is precisely the same thing. We do
| not inquire into the thing itself; we simply ask
how much is the amount needed to satisfy the
judgment of the court, and there is the end of it.
That does not allow an investigation of the claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Still, the Treasury would
not be laid open to outsiders, as the Senator sug-
gests. It is not proposed to bring a specific bill
into Congress for each claim; but still Congress
will make appropriations to pay the claims or not,
as it pleases. The Treasury will still be under
the control of Congress. There is great weight
in what the Senator from Maine has said as to
allowing the judgments to have even that much
force. I have felt it. I am not specially wedded
to the bill; but on the whole, I came to the con-
clusion that it would be better to amend the law
in this respect. There will doubtless be a very
largely increased number of claims growing out
of the larger transactions of the Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman have
the goodness to state what is the jurisdiction of
the court?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The jurisdiction extends
to all cases arising out of contract with the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it only to cases arising out
of contract?
Mr. TRUMBULL. As we propose to amend
the bill, the jurisdiction of the court isconfined to
cases arising out of contract with the Government.
