1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
from Iowa, living in a new country, where these
enterprises hove been going on, must remember
that the most mischievous thing that has inter-
fered with the building of roads through the coun-
try everywhere has been that A, B, and C, own-
ing land, went to work to get the highest price for
it, and they compelled the payment of the price;
they being individuals having special interests as
against general interests. The general interests
always suffer in that kind of controversy. The
question as the bill stands is, what damage is this
to the proprietor of the land ? What loss is it to
him ?
Mr. HARLAN. I fear I have not made my-
self understood. I will illustrate. I will suppose
that this company find it necessary, for the pur-
pose of constructing turn-outs and stations and
necessary buildings for the road, to take live acres
of a ten-acre tract of land belonging to any indi-
vidual. The company may be able to prove by
competent witnesses that the construction of the
road will double the value of the remaining five
acres; and hence, when they come to assess the
damages the individual has suffered, on this prin-
ciple they will give him nothing or one cent. They
say, " to be sure, we have taken five acres of your
land; but the remaining five acres will sell for
double the price." The response of the owner
is, " I do not want to sell; it is worth no more to
me for the purposes for which I procured the land
now than it was before. I do not ask the com-
pany, to pay me more than the land would have
been worth if the road had not been built; hut I
do not wish to be compelled by the Government
to give half my land to the company." That
would be the result of leaving the bill as the text
now stands—to compel the party to give half his
property to the company, and receive no remu-
neration whatever. It mightbe worth more m the
market if the individual desired to sell, but he
might not wish to sell. For the purposes for which
he originally purchased, it may be woi ih no more
tu hnn than it was befoie. It seems to me that the
just rule is to compel the company to pay for the
property they lake the price the property would
have commanded had they not built the road, and
leave the adventitious value of the remaining land
as it would have been had they not taken the land.
JVJr- SHERMAN. This clause, as it stands in
the bill, is manifestly unjust, and has been de-
nounced by our courts in Ohio as unconstitutional;
but, whether it would be so as against an act of
Confess, I do uotgiveany opinion. Hy tiie uums
of this section, as if stands, the only person who
could lie injuied by this road would be the man
through who?** land it ran; because, :iccoidmi( to
the trims of (his bill, if one half the land was
taken, and the other half was estunnt* d to be of
equal value when the load was buih, then 'hey
would take the damage and offset the estimated
benefit against the damage; and he would rt reive
nothing at ail for his damages, piovdcd, in the
opinion of two or three eoimnisxionei s, gloried
by the mode pointed out here, the balance of the
land is worth as much as the whole of the land
before the road was built. The only man, there-
out e, who would receive no benefit tiom the road
would be the man whose land would be taken.
Eveiy other pioprietor would receive the inci-
dental benefit fiom the construction of the road;
whiie he whose land was taken for the construc-
tion of the road would rec-ive no benefit whMevei;
he would have to pay for it. Tne true rule, as
(settled by the courts in Ohio and the i ule founded
in justice and equity, is this: m estimating the
benefits, they should only consider t hose that are
local to the place. For instance, if a town site
should be selected, or aquattj.r section of land
through which a lailroad nin&, tf the Ivnfiils ate
local they should be a set-oft' agmnst the damages;
but if the benefit is only a par' of the •><•>)<. nij ben-
i ht, v. lurh the i oad confers on all alike, it °hould
hoc be estimated at alt or (K ducted from the dam-
ages. The 1the lefoie, laid down by this bill
13 vi i y uuju.-t, and, in my opinion, would be ? -t
aside by tin couitci. Under no circurnht.u&es
would a m:ui whose land was tak< n be beievmid
under LhnJ rule by the constiuction of this ro.uk
he would have t'/nay the whole of u over to the
railroad company*, but his neighbors around him
would be benefited by the construction of the road.
Mr. COWAN. 1 think this clause, as it :«p-
poaus in the bih'.J.s exceptionable and obnoxious
to Up- objection made by the Senator from Ohio.
I should be very glad to have it so amended as to
allow only particular advantages to be set off, and
not general advantages. The general advantages
are the property of all men who pay their taxes
in the support of the Government; they do not
belong to any corporation whatever; but a par-
ticular advantage, as in the case of an island,
where a company makes a bridge to and from it,
and thereby confers a very great particular value
on the remainder of the land, or where they drain
a marsh, or something of that kind, it is proper
that the advantages should be taken into account.
The best and the simplest rule which can be laid
down in all these cases is to require the company
to pay the owner the actual value of the land
taken, having respect to the place from which it
is taken, the quantity,and so on. Let them deal
as between man and man precisely, except as
to these particular advantages of which I have
spoken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
amendment in section three, line one, by insert-
ing after the word " company" the words " and
the companies authorized to construct any of the
branches of the Pacific railroad and telegraph;"
and in the next line to strike out the word " is,"
and insert the words " they are;" so that it will
read:
That faid company and the companies authorized to cou-
nt rue t any of the branch*".- oi the Pacific railtoad and tolrj.
graph bo, and they are hereby, authorized and empowered
to enter upon, &c.
I desire to state to the Senate that in Kansas we
have two separate railroad companies authorized
to construct the branches by the bill of the last
session, and this meiejy extends the piovisions
of this bill to those two companies who are now
en^a^ed in constructing the road.
The u mend men t to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In line six of
the same seel ion the woid " its" should be changed
to the \vortl " the," to make it conform to the
amendment just adopted. That verbal amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. RICE. In the third section of the amend-
ment, in the sixty-third, sixty-fourth,and sixty-
fifth lines, I move to strike out the following words:
And the titTe of the company to the lands taken by vir-
tue ol lln*> act shall not he affect* it nor imputrtd by reason
of any failure b> any guauhan to discharge inliy hi* trust.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will not press that amendment. It is
essential to a railroad enterprise that it has title
in the land acquired. A guardian acts under the
iau, and his acts should be rested upon by the
company undertaking to build the road. They
should have the right to act upon what he was
authorized to do under the law. Tie might be a
fraudulent guardian; he might defraud the heirs.
In railroad laws of thin kind this provision has
j| been considered a piudent one for many years;
,j that is, that the company might ho able to assume
|| that a guatdian was lawfully authorized. Other-
jj wise, of comse, they would have no authority,
ii and they might act and the company would rest
jj on their authority. It is a question of law, which
;; has been fully considered, and it is thought to be
[; a careful provision in all the laws providing for
ii the condemnation of propelty for railroad pur-
j[ po>es.
ji The amendment to the amendment w as rejected.
|] Mr. RICK. I have unouiprainendmcnt in the
J, same section, to smke out. all after the word
I; " forth," m the seventieth line, to the end of the
ij section, in the following woids:
i! And tn co*c u niall he nccf s-'uy lor the company to en-
!] fei upon lands- winch are unoccupied, and ot which there
j, is no .ipp.uenr ownei or eiantuu.!, it mav proceed to tal:e
ii auJ iipf the s(ini'' f< ) tie* jxup'H- oi s.ud railroad, and
| j may institute pioc'edings in manner described, tot the put-
!! pom; of a-eeiiamms.' tin- value oi. and ot aeqimt-it? a mle
<■ in tin: sum-, and may determine rite kind of nonet- to be
! I ed on Mien owo'T or fi-nn and may in its discretion
!i iipp< ni! an or guardian to repn^cut such owner or
^ ow-ncih ine.SM-of tin or their incapacity or non-appeatancc.
[\ Hut in on^c m  claimant fhail appear within thiee jeara
/ ft * an the tune o! the opening of s-aui road aciov^ any land.
' s ail claim to d.nt.'c against s«-ul eompanv shall be barred.
This clause eives powerto the company to pre-
" scribe the manner of giving the notice and the
j! power of appointing the guardiai.; which, I think,
,( is too great,a latitude over the propei ty of the cit-
izens of the United States to put in the hands of
any corporation.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps this amendment
might be necessary in a State where the land
was valuable, and where population was thickly
settled. This company, however, are to build
over the public lands of the United States. There
may be some rights accruing along on the line of
the road, near some of the forts or some of the
settlements, but they are very rare. If the com-
pany should be obliged to stop in their operations
and not enter upon land, because they had to send
to the States, or to Europe to look up some heirs,
or to send to some country to have a guardian
appointed, it would be doing "great injustice and
materially retard the operations of the company.
I think the company should be allowed to enter
upon any of these lands, and be held to the
damages that may be assessed afterwards, if they
cannot find the owner; and where the paities are
minors or incompetent and without guardians,
they shall require guardians to be appointed,and
shall pay the assessed damages in that way. I
do not desire anything to be retained here that will
retard the construction of the road.
Mr. RICE. From the arguments used, it would
appear that this Pacific railroad is superior to the
Constitution of the United States, and the laws of
the United States, and to private rights. I do not
so deem it. I say it makes no difference in regard
to the laws passed respecting this road whether
there are thousands of people upon the line of
the road or but one person. Here it gives to the
company the night to determine the kind of notice,
and the right to appoint an agent or guardian; and
then there is the latter clause of the section:
But in ca.sc no claimant shall appear within three years
from the tune of the opening of ^aid road across any land,
all claim to damages agauij-t aaul company shall by barred.
There might be a minor; there might be a per-
son traveling in Europe owning that land; and
you cut him oil' entirely by the provisions of this
bid.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is certainly right,
if he construes the language of the law correctly.
The word " it" was evidently intended by the
draughtsman to refer to the courts, and not to the
company. 1 appeal to the Senator from Califor-
nia if that was not the intention. The section
now reads in the seventieth line:
And in ca<=e it shall be necessary for the company to en-
ter upon lands which are unoccupied, and of which there
w no apparent owner or claimant, it may prooped to take
and u-c the &aine for the puiposes of said railroad.
I inquire if the Senator from California did not
intend by the word " it" that the court may in-
stitute pioceedings?
Mr. McDOUGALL. That was the design of
the bill.
Mr. RICE. It does not say so; it says the
company.
Mr. HARLAN. I submit, then, to the Senator
from Minnesota that it would be better to amend
the text than to strike it out. To strike it out en-
tirely may make embarrassment, I think.
Mr. RICE. I do not understand the modifica-
tion the Senator proposes.
Mr. COWAN. I think the bill is perhaps right
as it is. If there is no one m possession, it seems
to imply that they may go on and take possession,
and when the owner comes they pay. In the
meanwhile the court appoint what would be else-
where called a guardian ad litem to represent the
absent owner.
i Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I will suggest
that the Senator fiom Minnesota will accomplish
his object, perhaps, more certainly by striking out
the limitation of the act '•within three years,"
and inserting " tlnee years after the disability is
removed."
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will per-
mit me to make a suggestion, I think if he will
msoit the words " a guardian ad litem" instead
of "the person claiming," it will make it definite.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota to insert after the word " and"
tn the seventy-sixth line 
The PRESIDENT prote.mpore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota to strike out certain woids.
Mr. HARLAN. Will it be in order to amend
the text before the words are stricken out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is an
amendment to an amendment.
