1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
no intercourse with them on the subject. I have
given my authonty.
Mr. LATHAM. I can state to the Senator that
two of my colleagues in the House of Represent-
atives have expressed great anxiety that this sec-
tion should be adopted. As to the third one, I
have never spoken to him about it, because I did
not regard it as a matter provoking any discus-
sion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest tlmt P'ot>ably
the Senator from Iowa refers to Mr. JPonre, the
secretary of the commission.
Mr. HARLAN. I stated that 1 referred to the
secretary of the board of commissioners appointed
under the original act.
Mr.McDOUGALL. ThatisMr.Poore. I want
to understand whether 1 am certain of the right
person. He wa^ the secretary elected at Chicago.
J think if he said that, he has not been informed,
and has heard something said that made him fear
it. He has not been informed. 1 understand that
the California delegation is a unit, and the Pacific
coast a unit. It is not a matter of question. It
is my duty to know, and 1 profess to be informed.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to make a single ob-
servation to the persons who have this bill in
charge particularly. Last year we passed a bill
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph hue from the Missonw river to the Pacific
coast. I took very considerable interest in that
bill, and examined its provisions as well as I
could. Representing a section of country so re-
mote, of course! hail nothing but a general inter-
est; but 1 sympathized very largely with the en-
terprise, and 1 gave it a very cheerful support. I
think that that bill was liberal, very liberal, even
munificent. I think the friends of that measuie
ought to be content with it. jVow, sir, if any
additional legislation is necessary to peifect that
measure I am free to grant it; but I am not will-
ing to grant to the corpoiation any additional priv-
ileges." [ do not think they ought to ask any larger
munificence from the United States; nor do 1 think
they ought to hamper it or embarrass it by tack-
ing on to it other branches. I did give to this
Denver branch some consideration at the last ses-
sion 
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is not putting on a
branch in this pnrticularamendment. It is merely :
continuing the road to San Francisco. It is not
a branch; it is pait of the original road.
Mr. MORRILL. My attention now is called
particularly to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa, which was an amendment to
the sixth section, and which obviates to somc^ex-
tent the objection which I should think was fun-
damental to that section if it were not made. That
sixth section, if I understand it, does [ii-ovide
in case the main line is not made through Den-
ver City, for a branch from some point of inter-
section with the main lineto DenverCity, and it
provides that the same provisions which are made
as to the general line shall apply to this branch.
I am opposed to that. I do not believe the com-
pany are in a condition to ask, and if they were I
do not believe the United States are in a condition
to grant, additional lands and additional bonds to
that Denver branch. It weakens, and in my judg-
ment endangers, the enterprise; and if the friends
of the bill intend to press it through, they had bet-
ter abandon all extraordinary schemes of build-
ing it, by an army, or of building all the possible
branches that anybody can suppose may be want-
ed, and press the main line straight forward. But
for the amendment of the Senator from Iowa I
should have moved to strike out the sixth section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. The pending
motion is to stuke out the seventh section.
Mr. MORRILL* I understand that the mo-
tion is to si like out the seventh section. My
remaiks are not precisely applicable to the ques-
tion under consideration, but they are applicable
to the remarks winch were addressed to the Sen-
ator from Iowa by the Senator from California.
I hope that the Senators who have ehaige of this
bill will content themselves with asking the Sen-
ate for such provisions as will enable them to
perfect the bill which we passed last year, and
that they will not ask this Congress to give any
additional privileges or bounties. ^
Mr. HARLAN. Being informed by both Sen-
ators from California that I probably am in error
as to the information that I have relied on m re-
lation to the opposition this section might meet
within the other House fiom tlieir colleagues,
deeming them bettei authority than myself, I ask
leave to withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
has power to withdraw his amendment, and it is
withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I now desire to offer the last
amendment which I have to propose, and I sub-
mit it in order to provide forany contingency that
may arise in reference to the supply of iron. I
-want to provide that if the company use all the
iron that can be furnished by our own manufac-
turers, they may after that go to the markets of
the world for it. I move this amendment as an
additional section:
Sec. — . Jim! be it furthn enactal, That the company
afoiesaid shall publicly arlveitise for the mils and other iron
required 1'or the consti uelion ot ^aiil load. placing specimens
of the kind of mils receuvil on exhibition at mime specified
public place m Hie cine? of IJosum, New York. Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, J'ltt-bmit, Cincinnati, Chicago, and St.
Louis ipspeelivclv, *taun  Ibe tinier .it winch, and quan-
tities in which, tliey ate required to iie delivered, the stipu-
lated pi lee to be paid iiilawiul money ol the United States
so fa«t as the lion shall be leipuieil by and dohvcied undei
the terms of the cmiti.ict, winch Khali be nwaitM in every
ease to the lowest balder, who shall Rive fair and reason-
able seeuutv foi the laitlii'ul ami prompt fulfillment of liis
contract; anil in c;w Ihe enlnc amount m) offered to be con-
tracted and laid down at some ..pceilied point 011 tile Mn-
soini i ivei, not lujhei than Omaha, at puces not exceeding!
tixty dollais pel ion, i-hall not Mittiee loi the conMruction of
the "road so tVt :i- mm be aeluallv lequired, then The com-
prmv may adveili-e fin and leeeiA'e piopo^al- 10 turnl-h
whatevei imn maybe deiiciciit as aioicsaid of other than
Ameiican ptodncnon. auvthinti in the aet to winch this is
amendatory to the contiaiy notwithstanding.
Atthis stage 1 will not discuss this amendment.
I want a vote tm it. Itsimply provides that if the
American manufac.ttiieis fail to produce iron as
fast ns this company want it at sixty dolla-s a ton,
which is ten dollars higher than the price now,
they may go to the markets of the world for it. I
ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN, i hope this amendment will
not piev.ul. I I hink H ought not to pass. In the
condition of the monetary affaiis of the country,
raihoad iion may soon be up to sixty dollars a
ton, and then the effect of this amendment is to
nullify the provision in llie original bill, which
requires the iion to be Ameiican railroad iron;
and it might be hough! abroad for forty dollars
a ton, antfyetbe I'ai ileaiertbnii non at sixty dol-
lars here. ' I think the old provision ought to re-
main.
The question being, taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yean 11, nays 25; ns follows:
VCAH— Me.-sr-. Coibimci, Davis, Howard, King, La-
tham, MeDougall, Pomcioy, Sherman, Trumbull, Wall,
ami Wilkinson—11.
NAV^—Me^is. Anthony. Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon. Fe^onden. Font, Foster, Maiding, Uailan,
Hani>, Ut'iulrn-on, Hick*, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansa-, Morrill. Powell, iSauMnny, Sumner, Ten Eyek,
Wiiley. Wilson of Massachusetts, and WiUoii ot' Mif -
souti—'2.j.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT;,ro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee, as amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. 1 move, to amend
the amendment by adding as a new section:
Jim! he. it fmther cuarteJ. That the Hannibal anil St. Jo-
ccnli ltaiho.ul Company-hall be allowed the term of six
ai'inth-. limn the pn—we of tins aet. to accept the provis-
ion- ol'tlie act to which tins act i- amendatoiy.
The am end men t to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DA VJS. I offei an amendment as an ad-
ditional section:
,1n<l le i' i.nfhr, ninttrd. That on each e.-lltnate of the
amount of wink done en -aid road, thcie shall be retained
m the hand-"I lie- eonip.niv t«enty per cent, of the con-
tra. t pi ice bv< aeh and cveiy i untraet to peiforin work upon
the -iieee—ive estimates ol the work done and performed,
until Mich wnik -ball be completed, when it shall be paid
to till jier-.on- entllb d lo tbe -alio;.
I think tluUthr motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont should not hav-i pievmletl. 1 am exceeding
anxious that this roiul should be constructed; and
unless the company can set'the full hewiitof the
subscription which"'he Government has concluded
to make towards it, I do not believe the woik can
ever be completed. If the company were allowed
to veceivc from the Government the full amount
of Government subscription, and were then re-
quired to retain from the contractors twenty per
cent, of the amount of the work they had per-
formed, on each and every estimate, it seems to
me that it would unite the two ideaa of retaining
a security to thatamountforthe completion of the
*vork and still giving the company the full benefit
of the whole capital, as well that subscribed by
the Government as by individuals.
While 1 am up I will make one further remark-
[ think that the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas ought to have prevailed. It seems to roe
that the question is, will Congress consent that
this road shall be completed, with the privilege to
the company to buy their iron abioad at sixty
dollars per ton, or shall the road fait? Unless that
facility is given to the company I do not believe
there is the least hope for the completion of the
work. Indeed, 1 believe that both the facilities,
both the aids I have indicated, will have to be
afforded to the company before there will be a
rational hope of the construction of the road.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think that probably the
idea advanced by the Senator from Kentucky may
be answered by an amendment which I ask him
to accept as a substitute for his own. I send it
to the desk and ask to have it read, and I call the
attention of the Senator from Vermont to it.
The Secretary read the amendment intended to
be proposed by Mr. McDougall, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted. That I hat portion of section
seventeen ol the original actio wlneli ilns is amendatory,
winch pi ovules foi the retention within the Treasury of the
United States until ihe completion of ihe entiie road, of
certain percentages of the bonds of the United States as is
therein in said section seventeen set i'ohIi, shall be s-o al-
tered and amended that said percentages shall he retained
onlv upon that portion of enure toad and branches between
the Missouri river and the east toot ol the Itoeky mount-
am5, as al>o between the city of San Franeiv-eo and the
niM foot of the Siena Nevada mountain- That tor all
that portion oS the load between the east foot oi the Rocky
mountains and tiie west loot of the Sn-na Nevada mount-
ains no percentage whatever shall he letaincd within the
Treastn v ot the United States; bnttheeniiie amount of the
appropuation,as set forth in the original aet, shailbe paid
ovui as fust as the companj or companies engaged in build-
ing the road between the ea^t tool ol the Kooky mountains
and west foot of Sieii a Nevada mountain.- shall become en-
titled to the same by ica^ou ol' the completion of the sec-
tions a* cet forth in oiisinnl aet • Pvoi ided, hou-cver. That
whenever two hundred miles of said road, at eitheror both
sides thcM-ol, between Ibe points la*t above recited, shall
be ml I y completed in oonfoi only with ihe oiigiual act and
the-e amendments, there shall then be paid ovei to the com-
pany or companies lioni whom it \va- ictained one fifth of
the peieentage so tot annul, and so on in like manncfljjgf each
two hundred miles «o completed between the points last
above rented shall be paid ovei on< fiilh ot Hie stained
poicentage, until the whole amount ol percentage letamed
>ha!l be tully paid nv<-r to the company oi companies enti-
tled tosamc.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. TI1011 I move tlmamend-
mcntwliich has just been read. 1 drew this amend-
ment with great care, to meet, as tar as it was pos-
sible for me to meet, the view of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment is long
and somewhat complicated, and I suggest to the
gentleman to have it printed.
Mi. McDOUGALL. I will state it to the Sen-
ator so that he will understand it in a moment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand it myself, I
tlunk, but it is too complicated to considerit now.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 will state it in a moment.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal to the chairman ot
the committee to withdraw his amendment. It is
very important that one or two sections of this bill
should become a law. If it be found impossible
hereafter for the company to pioceed, and Con-
gress shall discover that they are proceeding in
good faith, it will be then not difficult to procure
the legislation that the Senator seelis, but it is
perfectly manifest, it seems to me, that 
Mr. McDOUGALL. i have not yielded the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California is entuled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I le^ret that! am thought
so ignorant as not to uudt island something about
this measure, and I rt giet that it in thought by die
Senator from Iowa that he should give me advice
about matters that 1 should haveunderstood better
ihan himself if 1 had discharged my proper duties.
I am asked by the Senator from Iowa to withdraw
' my amendment. It is notarepmt fromacom-
■ mittee. I present it formyself. After having been
; convinced of the soundness of the proposition of
| the Senator from Veimont at the last session, I
I tried to embrace in this proposition the entire ob-
i ject suggested by the reserved percentage,
j When you arrive at the foot hills of the Rocky
I mountains, going wesLward, or the foot hills of
