1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
the Sierra Nevada, coming eastward, you meet
with those three great problems and difficult things
that have to be overcome to accomplish the con*
strucnon of the road. We can get over our val-
ley country, and our prairie country, up to the
mountain country. Then is required all the force
the Government can exert in aid of private enter-
prise, and this amendment provides for that aid
only from the eastern slope of the Rocky mountains
between that and the western slope of the Sierra
Nevada; and in that is involved the question that
has been disputed here, whether it was a practi-
cable thing to unite the two sides of the continent
by railroad, these two mountain ranges, and inter-
mediate desert. There all the aid thatthe Govern-
ment can give should be used, and all this reser-
vation is not to be paid out until the toad is finally
completed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and th<> Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 24,1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. T. Duryea, of New Yoik.
f he Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act(S. No. 451) to prevent correspondence
with rebels;
A joint resolution (S. No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Perry E. Broo-
ch us his salary as judge of the supreme court of
the United States for the Ten itory of New Mexico;
An act (>3. No. 514) for the relief of Elizabeth M.
Baxter, widow of tin; late Robert Baxter, second
lieutenant of the tenth regiment Minnesota volun-
teers;
Ajfcpct (S. No. 473) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prevent members of Congress and officers
of the Government of the United States from tak-
ing consideration for procuring contracts, office,
or place from the United States, and for other pur-
poses;" and
An net (S. No. 535) for the relief of Emma L.
Fuller.
CONSCRIPTION" ACT.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness to be the consideration of the conscription
act, on which tlie previous question was called.
Mi. MALLOR.Y. Ia.sk the unanimous eon-
seni of the House to report a bill from the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, which will give rise
to no debate.
Objection was made.
Mr. VA LLA NDIGIIAM. What has become
of the motion made last night that there be a call
of the ilouse 5
The SPEAKER. It fell with the adjournment.
Mi. VALLANDIG1IAM. I move that thete
be ncall of tin; House, and on that motion demand
the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mi*. ANOONA. I ask to be excused from
voting on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertum
that motion. If the motion that then1 be a call of
the Jiousi* is caused by the want of a quorum,
and motions to excuse members were received, a
quorum never could be procured.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nuys 84; as follows:
Y*C William Alku. Ancona, Biddle, Calvert.
C'uiiun \. i 'ov, Ci <n*eji-. Debt phi me. (Jtanker, (i: ni<*i\ flail,
llaidmu- Jloiton. Johnson. Kenyan, Law, La/.e;n, .\Jal-
Jo'\. Men/.ie-, AoUe, Noiiou. j\'w<jen, I'etiub'ion,
IV.rv. I'oitM, i'rj'M . llobnwm. H.'lmi. Smith, Jo|j>s l'.
Sh'< h\ William G Meeb*. Sn'e-j, '-YuiefsThonia^, Yalhn-
diSham, \ooihui-, W.uLweith. Wan!, Whales, Wiek-
iUs.\ W'ooih liii", and Yeaman—
V \Y>--Me->-r-.. Ahhieii, A^hh-j, Babbitt. ISaker, Ilea
leah. Ilii.-.'iiam, Samuel S ttlau, I'jake, William ft-
UnManon. Chenibeihiin. Clement-1, Coliax, Fjedeu<k A.
Con.\k!i.r. Un-eoe Conkhns, C'>vod'\ (.'i-tald. Call-'!,
Dan-. Del.mo, Diven. Dunn. Edirei ton. Edu aid--, E'lot,
Eh\ f'-jiloji, Thmna* A 1). Fcwnden. Fi-h'-r, Finnohot,
Ffank. <>ooch, Goodwin, G'irlev, Halm, Hale, Ifairison,
Rieknrnt, fi "l"h'n* Frtmei* VV
William Kellog*, Killinger. Lansing, Lehman, Loomi?,
Low, McJndoe. McKean, MePher-.on, Maynartl, Moor-
head, Justin S.' Mori ill. Nixon, Patton, Pike, Potneroy,
Alexander il. Rice, John II Rice, Riddle, Edward II Rol-
lins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sliellabarger,
Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmu. Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Tumble, Turn-bridge, Van Wyck, Yen^e, Walker, Wal-
ton, Wa-liburne, Webstei, Wheelei, Wilson, Windom,
and Worcester—84.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Mr. OLIN. I am about to make a motion ta
the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order at
this time, as the previous question is pending.
Mr. OLIN. Then I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and move a^ain to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Mi itary Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can that motion be with-
drawn after the action of the House upon it ?
The SPEAKER. What action has theie been?
Mr. HOLMAN. There has been a motion for
a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is not action upon the
previous question. A member has a right to
withdraw any motion before action upon it.
Mr. OLIN. I make the motion with a view
to ask that the debate on this bill shall, by com-
mon consent, be continued on this bill until three
o'clock to-day.
Mr.VALLANDfGHAM. Say half past three,
and that will leave an hour for voting.
Mr. OLIN. 1 have been given to understand
that that hour would be generally acquiesced in,
and I hope it will meet the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I simply desire to say tlnat,
for one, unless this bill is to he opened for amend-
ment, 1 object to any arrangement.
Mr. OLlN. Weil, we will see if wo cannot
get alon?, notwithstanding your objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, oflllinois. 1 wish to make
a suggestion.
Mr. OLIN. Weil, what is n?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My suggestion
to the I louse is that we have tlie morning hour
commence now, and that we occupy that hour
with the business allotted to it; that this bill be
then opened for debate until four o'clock, or any
other time gentlemen desire. My object is that
an opportunity may bo afforded for discussing this
bill, and that at tlie same time we may go on with
that poition of legislation which isejmnenlly ne-
cessary to he attended to during the morning hour.
Mr. OLIN. 1 would accept that suggestion if
it had not generally been agreed that the comse I
suggest should he adopted. But I think now if I
should offei a proposition thnt all mankind .should
be buved, soni-' fventl"man would get up and pro-
test against it, thinking there wat  a bi tier way.
[Liuightei.] Now, 1 think my proposition ought
to meet the approbation of tlie House; hut, to
obviate a I! objections upon the other side of the
House, I will sav half past three o'clock.
Mr. S. 0. FEiSSENDEN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. OLLN. 11 ere is anothet proposition. Won't
you keep qun't?
Mr. K. C. KESSENDEN. I do not choose to
keep quirt.
Mr. OLIN. Then 1 give my consent to your
going on.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. ! wish to say that
it is well understood upon this floor that there
an* a number of gentlemen who with to say some-
thing upon this bill.
Mr. OLIN. That is no news to me.
Mr. t>. C. EESSLNDEN. Probably not. And
T suggest to the <>em!emnn that he incorporate
into !iin proposition thi t the speeches be limited
toiiftf en or even to ten minutes each, if they cannot
have a longer period. For one, I am not disposed
to consent to an arrangement which shall give any
two or three members an houreach upon this bill,
wiuie otheis who have not snoken shall be de-
piived of ail opportunity to do so.
The SPEAKER. is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from New York?
Mr. HOLMAN." I object.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. 1 would have no objec-
tion to any ai i\ n«remeut which would satisfy gen-
tlemen upon eitmr side of the House. My object
is to say to tiie gentleman from New York that I
think Lis cnui.se is not exactly the one which I
would be v. i!lii).{? to consent to so far as 1 am con-
cerned. H< movcN to recommit the bill, in order
to prevent any possibility of offering amend merits.
When he proposes to give me liberty of speech, he
denies me a much greater liberty, which 
Mi. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
His that this discussion is not germane to the
proposition before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yorkyieided to the gentleman from Kentucky by-
general consent.
Mr. HICKMAN. The proposition before the
House is a motion to recommit this bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That opens the whole sub-
ject to discussion.
Mr. HICKMAN. But it does not open it to a
proposition for an arrangement for taking a vote
at a particular time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what proposition the gentleman from Kentucky
was about to make. The Chair would sustain
the gentleman's general point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am very sorry that my
friend over the way has not got straight since the
otherday when he was filibustering here a while.
My object in rising was to object to any arrange-
ment which would exclude the possibility of offer-
ing amendments to the bill. I desire to offer some
very important amendments, and to have a vote
upon them by the House. I do not want to dis-
cuss the bill. It has been discussed enough al-
ready. If the motion to commit is intended to
prevent a vote upon any amendments which may
be offered, 1 shall not consent to it.
Mr. OLIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I move to sus-
pend the rules of the House, in order that I may-
introduce a resolution to close debate upon thia
| bill at half past three o'clock to-day.
I Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
| upon that motion.
| Mr. HICKMAN. I call for tellers upon the
! yeas and nays.
1 Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. OuN and
! IIolman* were appointed.
| The House divided; and the tellers reported—
' ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
j So the yeas and nays were ordered, one fifth of
I those present voting in favor thereof.
| The question was taken; and it was decided in
j the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 36; as follows:
I YEAS—Mew* Alley, Ashley, Rabb.tt. fkiker, Baxter,
neamdn, I'mghiini, J.icub B. J>lnn, SaiiiiX'l Bi.tn, Blake,
i CalveiI, , Cbafnheiliiiti. (jl.uk, Colr,i\, l'mk'iiek A.
! Cotikiuig. Ko-roe Conking. Coiode, (-'i afield, Cmlei, Drt-
1 vi-*. D.iwes, Delano, Diw'n. Dunn, Ed eiroi), Edwaids,
Eliot, Ely, Fentoii. Tlioinri* A. 1) I'V?"-uid'M'. riand'Te!,
Fisher, Fiunelioi. Frank,Goocli, Goodwin, Granger, Gur-
Icv, Halm, Hale, IJamt-ou. Hooper, riutchins, Julian. Kei-
lo\, Tiaix e VV Ki'ilojjg, Kithiurei, L.niMiiy, Leary, Lt'h~
man, Lnorni-. Loveiov. Low, Mefndoe, Mitchell, Moor-
head. AtiMin P.Moiull,JuMin S. Moirill, Ni\oti.Noe}|,Ohn,
Paunn, Tike, Poincioy, i'ottei, i'ottei, Alexander II, liice,
Join) II Itice, Ituidle. Edwaid II. I'ollin?, rfaryent, .Segar,
SliHiabai^i i, Shcjnian, ^ine!. Sloan, Spaillding, John B.
 te<-le, fcieven^, lienjauiin F. Thomas, Francis Tliomas,
Trimble, Tiowlnidjrc, Van Wvek, Veiiee, Walker, Wall,
Walton, Washbnnie, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wilson,
Wmdom, and WoicMer—95-
NAYvS—Me^j>. William Allen, Ancona, Clements,
Conway, Corning, Cov, Ciaven^, DcJaplaine, Grul< r. Hall,
Harilmi!, lliekman, IIolman, Johnson, William Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Law, La/.'-ar. Mallory, Mav, Noble. iNugen,
Ferrv. Pi lee. Koliin-on,William G. Steele. ?iiles-,Voorliees«,
Wad^wnnh, Ward. Web^rei, Whaloy, Chilton A White,
Wood, WoudiulV.and Veaman—56.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. OLIN. I now offer the following resolu-
tion, and upon it I demand the previous question:
Rrsnh eJ, That all debate on Senate bii! No. oil be closed
at hall' pa:? l I hire, p in,, tin-, daj. and the House then pro-
ceed to a vote upon the bill.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move a call of the House;
and upon thnt I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. 3 move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to adjourn is not in order, as, under an
older of the House, the House has determined
that it will continue in session until half past four
o'clock.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I move that when
jj the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
|j Thursday next; and on that motion I demand the
j; yeas and nays.
fi The yeas and nays were ordered.
