THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1863.
New Seiues JSTo. 79.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 15, nays 122; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Diddle, Clements, Hall, John-
son, Kerrigan, May, Norton, Piieo, Robinson, Stilus, Fran-
cis Thomas, Voorhees, Chilton A. White, and Wickliffe
—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, William Allen, Alley, Ashley,
Babbitt, Baily, Baker, Baxter, 13<\inian, Bingham, Jacob
B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buf-
finton, Calvert, Campbell, Ca^ey, Chamberlain, Claik. Col-
fax, Frederick A. Uoiikltng, Itoscou Conkling, Corning,
Covode,Cox, Oiavens,Cris-tiekl, Crittenden, Cutler,Davis,
Dawes, Delaplame, Diven, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fe^&enden. Thomas A. D.
Fessenden, Fisher, Flanders, Fianchot, Frank. Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Gnder, Gurley, Halm, II.light, Hale,
Harrison, Hickman, Holman, Huiehlns Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Killmger, Lansing,
Law, Leary, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mcludoe,
McKean, McKmght, MePherson, Maynard, IMenzies,
Mitchell, Muoihead, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon,Noble, Noell,
Odell, Olin, Patton, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Ponieroy, Por-
ter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Pviee, Riddle, Edward U
Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sargent, Sheffield, Shetlahaigei,
Sherman, Sloan, Smith, Spauldmg, John B Steele, Wilham
G. Steele, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tumble, Tjow-
bndge, Van Wvck, Venee, Walker, Wall, Wallace. Wal-
ton, Web&tei, VVheelei, Whaley, Albeit S. White, Wilson,
Windom, Worcester, and Yeaman—122.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. OLIN. if the House will listen to me, 1
desire to make a proposition.
Messrs. HICKMAN and KELLOGG, of Illi-
nois, objected.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden, Harding, Holman,
Johnson, Keuigan, Knapp,' Law, May, Menzies, Nugen,
Perry, Robiu-ou, Bale-, Francis Thomas, Wadbworih,
Ward. Wicklifie, Wood, and Yeaman—25.
NAYS—Mew-*. Alley, Ashley, Babbnt, Baker, Baxter,
Beamau, Bingham, Jacob 13. Uhur, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Bufliutou, Calvert, Campbell, Casej, Chamberlain, ("lark,
Clement-, Colfax, Fredrick A'.Conkluig, Ko?.coe Conkling,
Covod-;, Crisfijld, Cutlet, Davis, Dawes, Dclaplame, Di-
ven. Dunn, Edgerton, Edwaid->, Eliot, Ely, English, Fen-
ton, Samuel C IV^enden, Thomas A. I). Fessenden, Fill-
er, Flanders, Franchor, Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger,
Gurley, Ilahu, flaiijhi, Hale, ilariisun, Hickman, Hooper,
Hiitchins, Julian, Kelley, Fianeis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, KilUncer, Lan-nis, Leary, Lehman, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, McKean, WcKmghr, Muchell, Moorhead,
JiHtin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Odell, Olm, Patton, Tim-
othy (J. Phelps, Pike, Pometow Alexander H. Rice, John
II. ltice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sar-
gent. Sedgwick, Hegar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabargei,
She#man, Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas Tumble, Trowbridge. Van
Wyck, Verree, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Webster,
Wheeler, Albert S. Wlute, Windom, and Worcester—JOG.
So the House refused to order a call.
During the roll-call,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, stated that
Mr. Train was detained from the House by in-
disposition.
The result of the vote was announcedas above
recorded.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to ordei a call; and on
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's motion is not in order,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I move that
there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That was the last question
voted on,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is true;but
I suggest to the Chair that if the vote cannot be
reconsidered, it must be upon the principle that the
motion can be immediately renewed.
The SPEAKER. Other business must inter-
vene.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move then that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Thursday; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 22, nays 92, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Cox, Hall, Harding, Holman, Johnson, Kerrigan,
Law, May, Norton, Price, Robinson, James S. Rollins,
Stiles, Fianeis Thomas, Voorhees, Wads worth, Chilton A.
White, Wiekllfte, and Wood—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Baily, Baxter, Beaman,
Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Wilham
G Blown, Buffinton, Calvert, Campbell, Casov, Chamber-
Iain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Crtsfjeld, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delaplaine, Diven,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, English, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes-
senden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Flanders., Fran-
chot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gurley, Hahn, Hale, Harri-
son, Hickman, Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, William Kellogg,
Killinser, Lansimi, Leary.Lehman, Loomi*, Low, Mcln-
doe, McKean, Mcknight, MePiierson, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Nixon, Noble, Nugeti, Patton, Perry, Timothy G Phelps,
Pike, Ponieroy, Poiter, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabauier, Sherman, Smith, Spauld
Ing, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas., Van Wyck, V«m*c,
Walker, Wallace, Welwter, Wheeler, Albeit S. Wlute,
Wilson, and Woourufl"—92.
So tL motion was disagreed to.
Mr. OLIN. In consequence of the course of
some gentlemen upon this side of the House, f
wish to withdraw the demand for the previous
qestion, and let this debate go on.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 object to any
remarks from the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand wliut the gentleman withdiaws. He has
offered a resolution.
Mr. OLIN. I withdraw the resolution in the
first place, and I next withdraw the demand for
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not pending on the bill.
Mr. OLIN. I called it last evening, and the
reason why I withdraw it 
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly thinks
that reasons for withdrawing itare in order. The
debate must be confined to the bill under consid-
eration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Pending a motion to lay the resolution on the
table can the gentleman withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. No vote has been taken on
the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. The resolution was submit-
ted , and a motion was made to lay it upon the table.
The SPEAKER. A proposition may be with-
drawn at any time before a vote is taken on it.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution and bills of the House
of the following titles:
A joint resolution (No. 340) authorizing the
Navy Department to allow to Paymaster Gilbert
E. Thoi nton $4,500 m settlement of his accounts
for money stolen from him without fault or neg-
lect on his part;
An act (No. 536) for the relief of Hannibal
Graham; and
An act (No. 699) for the relief of Lieutenant
Herman Tuerck, severally without amendment;
and
An act (No. 135) for the relief of Susan Dick-
son, widow of John Dickson, deceased; and
An act (No. 362) to provide for the discharge
of State prisoners and others, and to authorize
the judges of the United States courts to take bail
or recognizances to secure the ti it* 1 of the same,
severally with amendments; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted on their amendments, disagreed toby
the House, to the naval appropriation bill, agreed
to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Grimes, Mr. Clark, and Mr.
Davis the managei s of said conference on the part
of the Senate.
CONSCRIPT ACT,
Mr. MALLORY. I know, Mr. Speaker, that
at this stage of this discussion a speech addtessed
to the bill under consideration will not be favor-
ably received by the House, It is my intention,
however, to ask its indulgence to a few consider-
ations in connection with ihis. subject, merely for
the purpose of justifying my vote against its pas-
sage. It is useless to enter into any elaborate
argument upon the bill itself. The discussion
which took place on it yesterday evening, extend-
ing as it did to almost every feature, leaves but
very little more to be said against it, and from the
commencement there was very little to be said in
its favor.
I will go as far as any man in support of this
Administration in carrying on a war conducted
under the Constitution of the United States, and
in accordance with the powers confened by that
Constitution upon the Government, for the legiti-
mate object of the suppression of the rebellion
now existing against the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States. 1 yield to no man in my anxiety for
the reduction of that rebellion. I yield to no man
in regarding that rebellion as causeless; asaimed
at the destruction of this Government; asa rebel-
lion the suppression of which should be desired
by every loyal citizen upon this floor or elsewhere;
and in the suppression of which every man is
bound to aid to the extent of his power within the
limits of the Constitution. But, sir, I want the
war carried on for the great object which this Ad-
ministration set out to accomplish, the^reduction
of that rebellion, i want the war carried on, not
for subjugation and conquest, not to wrest from
any State of this Union any right to which it is
entitled under the Constitution, not for abolition;
but for the purpose of restoring the Union, for.
the purpose of reestablishing the authority and
laws of the United Slates in every State now in
rebellion, with the distinct understanding that
when these objects are accomplished this war
shall cease.
Sir, this bill is not, in my humble judgment, a
measure of the kind which I have suggested. I
do not think its provisions in accordance with the
Constitution of the United States; nordo I think
that those who, like the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] regard the Constitution as
obsolete, can sustain its provisions on the ground
of policy, or by that plea of " military necessity"
which by him and some others has been substituted
for the Constitution, and to which they look for
grants of power to the Executive and to Congress
instead oftothatsacied instrumcntitself;andnere,
sir, permit me to enter my solemn protest against
this new doctrine of military necessity by which
it has been sought to subvert the Constitution
andanogate to the Geneial Government absolute
power. All history teaches that it is the plea of
tyrants, by which the liberty of the people has
been stricken down and crushed out, and it must
never be permitted to obtain a footing here. t
The leading feature of the bill under consider-
ation is the authority conferred on the President
to call out, organize, and use the entire militia
force of the United States without the interven-
tion of the State authorities. NoWy.sir, I have
never been an ultra State-rights man; I have al-
ways deemed the Constitution, laws, and treaties
of the United Slates the supreme law of the land,
and the authority of the Federal Government,
within the constitutional limits of its powers,
paramount to State authority; but there are, cer-
tainly, cleaily defined State rights—denied, by the
Constitution of the United States to the Federal
Government, or expiesxly reserved by it to the
States—and among these rights is that of organ-
izing and officering the militia of the several States,
when called into the service of the United States:
"To piovidc for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
militia, and 1'or govermng^ueh partot them as may be em-
ployed in the^rvice ot the United States, reserving to the
States, respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the
authority ol training the militia according to the discipline
presctibed by Congress."
It has always been the practice of the Federal
Government heretofore, in callingout the militia
force in time of war, either as volunteers or as
drafted men, to call on each State for its quota, and
to recognize the right of the State authorities to
organize and officer their respective forces. I am
not willing to see that right ignored or that prac-
tice changed now. ... .
Sir, this provision of the bill is, m my judg-
ment, a long stride towards changing the whole
79
