1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m.
surrender the jurisdiction that belongs to us as a
poi tion of the Government, in framing laws grani-
relief. I submit that it would be wisdom to
withdraw these questions from mere committees,
fork is only in committees that they are now die-
cussed, and give jurisdiction of them to a well
organized court, and why? To relieve ourselves
from a whole body of persons who come around
here and disturb legislation. Now, you drive
away all honest, fair-minded men, who have just
claims, who will not be lobby men, or hire lobby
agents to get their claims through. 1 fa man comes
here now with n claim of any consideration, ho
has to employ counsel, to do what ? Argue it be-
fore the Committee on Claims? jNo; but to col-
lect votes in the House of Representatives and in
the Senate. Not long since a case came under
my observation where a gentleman had a claim
of sonn1 $80,000, which was one that should have
been settled ptoperly in the Departments without
appealing to legislation, but upon a technical ex-
ception on the pai t ofthr Attorney General the* De-
partments declined acting. About the moiitsof
the claim, in my judgment, there was no question.
I had charge of it before the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It was referred to me as a sub-commit-
tee. I said to him, "sir, I will present the matter
before the Naval Committee, and I believe they
will agree with me that the claim is a just one."
"No," said he, *4 would rather lose the claim
than hang around the city of Washington tabby-
ing for the measure foi two, four, or six years,
disturbing members." I say it is one of the most
mischievous things tlmre is about the Capitol at
Washington, about the two Halls of Confess,
that persons eome here for everything from §500
to $50,000, $100,000 or $^00,000. These things
disturb our legitimate business m making laws for
the land.
I see no reason why the judgment of the Court
of Claims should not be final. If there is fraud,
on the fraud being detected tl\e case will be sub-
ject to revision in the same couit upon the assign-
ment of fraud. Fraud being alleged at any time
before the party has received the money, upon a
bill filed on the part of the Government by com-
petent counsel, an injunction would run to stay
the money; and a decree could be had against the
party for the recovery of the money, even after it
had been paid, i do not see, and never have seen
the justice of denying a remedy in favor of an
individual against the Government that is afforded
to an individual against another individual. I
have had occasion to think about this a groat deal,
for I have represented the Government for a num-
ber of years, and have had charge of these very
questions, and have been disturbed by them very
much. 1 have always thought it a great outrage
and wrono, that parties having honest and just
claims should not have the opportunity of prose-
cuting i hem fairly; and when they had got a reme-
dy by fair testimony and proof in open court, have
their redress.
But it is said now this is an unfortunate time;
large claims aie likely to arise. Grant itto be true;
but if you have a court of this kind, that will hold
the Government to its responsibility, there will
not be the same laxity in administration. Instead
of being a provision that will charge the Govt rn-
ment, it will hold officers to a stricter responsi-
bility in all departments. If the Government lu«s
to peiform the contracts which it makes, those
who make them will be held to a stricter responsi-
bility.
1 should like to ask any Senator who is op-
posed to this mensuto where, but from the doe-
trine thatthe kmg(and therctoie the Government)
could do no wron^, tins rule came? It is not part
of our Constitution, and was not considered when
the Constitution was drawn, it came as an inci-
dent of argument from other Governments^ I
should like to have some Senator prov e to me why
the Government should bt protected, when indt
viduals ai'1 held subject to suit in court*. 1 ear,
understand no good reason tor it. Then i should
like to have some -Seiuuor fdmw me how com-
mittees of the two Houses of Congress will prove
better and more careful judges of the rights of
both parties than courts organized for that very
purpose. The business of all courts is the ad-
ministration of justice. But the manner m which
business is transacted here is a denial of justice to
citizens. It is regarded as a very shiewd, smart
thing on the part uf many men m Congress to say
"no!> to every private bill. There are gentle-
men whom 1 have known in Congress whothought
U was an only duty to vote no,'5 and those \cry
persons were generally assigned to the Committee
on Claims,
1 was m favor of the first bill establishing this
couit; I voted for it in the House of Representa-
tives. I have been in favor of the same notions I
am advancing now ever since, and I was even long
before. 1 do not believe that any good, sound, just
reason can be advanced against the proposition.
The gentleman from New Hampshire may talk
about the Gibbon of a future o«:e, who is to write
the history of our downfall. That may be very
good reasoning on a subject of this kind; but it
does not so strike me. Why is not the measure
right? Wherein is it wrong ? That is the ques-
tion. Why should not the Govei nmeri the respons-
ible in fact to its honest creditois, without the
creditors being compelled to come here and spend
their substance in endeavoring to get their rights '
Who is there on this floor who has not known of
men coming here year after year, and women,
too, borrowing means from their friends to appear
here in Washington, exhausting all they had, and
then by delays not being able to return again, and
their papers lost, and their rights denied ? Is that
the proj er office of a Government? I say, no. I
should like to see the bill sustained its it came from
the Hous<- of Representatives, and not only give
the remedy in cases of contract, but in all cases
in lnw or equity where the Gov< mment is prop-
erly bound: and j believe no £ood, sound reason
can be advanced against it. I affirm particularly
that ir i* wnhin the range of administration, and
that it will lead to economy instead of over ex~
peudiiuie.
Mr. ''OWAN. T hope, sir, that this amend-
ment will not pieva'L I think it would be an
absurdity to create a c>urt fur the invrstigation
of the viaim of a suitor, and yet deny the proper
effect and \aiiditv to the judgment of the rotirt.
1 think, loo, thai when the future historian of the
country, if it shall ever fall to ins lot to tell of
the decline and fall of this great Republic, shall
stand upon a broken arch of this Capitol, and
suivey us rums, he may perhaps mark, as (me
of the jeasons of us decadence, the fact that m
the Thnty-Seventh Congress it cieated courts,
allowed appeals to the supreme tribunal of the
nation m favor of its suitor5*, and yet, after they
had obtained a judgment; forbade them to have
an v fruits from tnat judgment; put the suitor pre-
cisely wheie he was when he started; and after
all (hat had been done, then he was to be turned
back to this body in order to obtain that which
he had a right to obtain, or which it is to be pro-
sum* d he had a right to obtain, because we can-
not sit here and provide for every possible con-
tingency. We cannot refuse to provide in this
case beeausc it may be the subject of fraud, he-
cause it may be abused. All our courtaare liable
to that difficulty; and if citizens, in their mutual
dealings with one another, have to put up with
it, I do not know why the Government should
not take its share. I have no feai s on that score.
If a claimant makes good Ins (.hum through the
Court of Claims, after he has been propci ly heard,
and an appeal being allowed to the Supreme
Court, a final judgment is there tendered for him,
the chances are a hundred to one that he is en-
titled toil; and I think, being entitled, he should
be paid. I hope, therefore, the amendment will
not be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YE Cl.uk, Do'iiittK Fos^enden, Grimes
flak, Harding, Ilailan. He we, Kin?, Lane of lath ton. Lane
c>i k'ut-a^-. Lttiiath, Momli. Pomoroy, Rid*. Wi'knwm,
V  j I met, W)!f<m of Ma^aeiiusoits, Wilson of i.arni
Weight—
>.AY.^—Anthorn, Arnold, Orowmn':, Collamer,
Crm an, Davn Oi \nn Ft "id. Foot, I ot>}er. 5Iam-\ II'Muior-
llick-. Uuwu d, Powell, Sumner, Ten
Trumbull, and V. UU-y .y 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being
equally dividid, the Chair votes in the negative;
and the amendment ts rejected.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The question hnvingbeen
taken on the general proposition whether these
judgments shall be final, I now renew my prop-
osition, declaring that they shall not be final above
§2,000 against the Government. 1 offer* it as a
proviso at the end of the eighth section, i« this
form:
Jlnd provided further, That no judgment rendered by Mid
court iigauistthe United States Mmll be valid and binding,
m law or m equity, until the f-aine shall have been-passea
upon by Congress, and a specific appropriation made there-
for.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That seems to me so man-
ifestly incongruous and improper thatl think it
cannot receive the sanction of the Senate. It is
proposed that we shall pay a claim of $2,000,
make the judgment of the court in that case final,
and reject ifs judgment where the claim ia for
$4,000, restingprecisely upon the same testimony.
For instance, the Court of Claims might render
a judgment in favor of A for $2,000, and upon the
same testimony render a judgment in favor of B
for $4,000. The judgment in favor of A is valid;
but the judgment in favor of B is declared to be
invalid and of no force until Congress reinvesti-
gates it. The objection presented by the Senator
1'iom Iowa seems to me to be conclusive that we
ought not to legislate in this way.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. Piesident, we ought
either to give some effect to the judgments of this
court or abolish it—one or the other. As it now
is constituted, and as its judgments are now
regarded, it is a mere mockery of justice; it is
an invitation to parties to come and litigate their
chums at great trouble and expense, and after they
have gone through with their investigation and
obtamed (heir judgment, it is of no manner of
avail to them unless Congress makes an appropri-
ation; and a member of the Committee on Claims
has informed us this morning that lie thinks there
is not one case in ten, where, the judgments are
against the Government, in which the appropria-
tion is made; whereas 1 believe in every case where
Hhero ia an adverse decision to the individual and
in favor of the Government, we affirm that de-
cision .
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no; that is not so.
Mr. BitO WNING. i know wedoafdrm many
of them, i speak without information upon that
subject, only so far as the bills appear before us.
Mr. CLA1U£. The Senator will allow me to
state that theie are many eases coming before
the Committee on Claims whete the judgment of
the court has been adverse because, perhaps, the
court had not jurisdiction, and yet there has been
snong equity in the case. Many claims of that
kind iuue been allowed.
Mr. BROWNING. I speak of cases where
the court has jurisdiction. Now, the opposition
to this bill proceeds upon an assumption that the
judgments rendered by the court are to be erro-
neous, cither from the ignorance of the tribunal
or its corruption—one or the other, i think we
ought not to make euch an assumption. If the
Government owes a debt, if it is justly indebted
to any one of its citizens, it ought lo pay that debt.
There can be no question about that. There is
no more reason why the Government should bo
protected from the payment of us just debt to its
citizen, than there is why the citizen should be
exempted from the payment of his just (h ut to
the Government. Then the only question is how
shall it be ascertained whether or not an indebt-
edness exists. Our purpose, I apprehend, is to
provide the best mode of ascertaining that, in a
way that will be just and satisfactory. Thequis-
tion then arises whether we are more likely to at-
tain the ends of justice by having claims poured
in upon Congress by thousands and tens of thou-
sands, whore they can receive no fair investiga-
tion, or whether we are more likely to attain the
ends of justice by constituting a judicial y tribu-
nal undet the foims of law to make the investiga-
tion between the Government, whose servant it
is, on the one hand, and the citizen of the Govern-
ment on the oilier hand. Is the presumption that
we shall best attain the ends of justice before
such a tribunal or before this body: Why, sir,
1 think there cut: be no doubt upon thatquestion,
that the chances are immensely greaterfor1 cach-
ing just conclusions by the court than by Con-
gress; and every possible guaiantec is thrown
around the proceeding that human ingenuity can
give to protect the Government ugamst wiong.
The Government selects its own judges. They
investigate. If the Government is not satisfied
with tiie conclusions at which they arrive, or the
judgment or decree which they may render* it has
