312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the right ofappeal to its highest judicial tribunal—
the Supreme Court; and if, when the judgment be
affirmed there, a presumption does not arise a
thousand-fold stronger in favor of the justice of
the judgment than there would be by the passage
of a bill through this House, I am mistaken in my
conclusion. I think, sir, a much stronger pre-
sumption does arise.
There ia one other consideration; and with the
suggestion of that, I will not longer detain the
kody. Let us give this effect to the judgments,
and how do we imperil the interests of the coun-
try? Not at all. We do not relinquish control
over them. Upon the very first indication of cor-
ruptions and frauds by which the Government
will be likely to suffer, we have it in our power
to abolish the tribunal entirely. We may wipe
it out of existence; we may lepeal the law cre-
ating it; or we may repeal the law giving effect
to its judgments. When practice under it, when
experience shall have demonstrated that it is un-
safe to intrust the adjudication and settlement of
such claims with the court, we can modify the
law, and take from them the effect we now give;
and we can do that on the first indication of dan-
ger to the interests of the Government arising
from these judgments.
1 think, sir, there can be no doubt that the Gov-
ernment and the individual will be better pro-
tected; and I do not recognize the force of the ar-
gument suggested by a Senator that there will be
a multitude of claims coming upon us from quar-
termasters, and commissaries, and contiactors
with the Government, connected with the Army,
for adjudication before this court,and allowance
by it. If they are just, if the Government owes
them, they ought to be adjudicated, allowed, and
paid. If it does not owe them, if they are not
just, the presumption is so strong as to be almost
irresistible, that upon investigation they will be
rejected, and judgment pionouuced in favor of
the Government, to stand fotever as a protection
to the Government against a renewal of the
claims. 1 can see no possible injury to result
from the adoption of this bill. I can see many
inconveniences, many injuries, to result from its
rejection.
Mr,,DOOLITTLE. The question is asked,
why shall this court be allowed to render final
judgment on sums not exceeding $2,000, when
on all sums above that amount we reserve the
right to appeal to Congress; for the provision is,
that if the judgment of the court is against the
United States for any sum above §2,000, U is not
to be valid and binding against the United States
without first being examined by Congress and a
specific appropriation made theiefor. That is the
substance of my amendment which is now pend-
ing. In reply to tins question, let me put another.
Let me ask my honorable friend fi om I llinois, why
should the circuit coui t of the United States ren-
der final judgment without any appeal to the Su-
premo Court in cases whcie the sum m contro-
versy is less than $2,000, but where the sum ex-
ceeds $2,000 their judg menu may be appealed
from to the Supreme Court? Ia there anything
wrong or incongruous in our making a distinction
between small claims and large claims? Not at
all, sir. A small claim presented to this body and
contested here costs more than the whole claim
to examine it. The expense of Congress for a
whole day may be more than the claim. These
small claims can be examined by the court, passed
upon, decided; and we can allow them, perhups,
With safety to the Treasury of the United States,
to be final against the Government; but it is dif-
ferent as«to the laige claims that are to bo pressed
against the Government. We are but just enter-
ing upon a system of things when claims, com-
pared with which we have hud nothing heretofore
in the history of this Government, are to be
pressed. Must we, as the Congress of the United
States, letgo our guardianship over theTreasury?
We hold its purse strings, and we ought to pass
upon the justice and the merits of the appropria-
tions that we make, and know the reason why
we make them. 11 is a discretion which we cannot
transfer constitutionally to any other body, or any
other tribunal. It is a discretion which the Con-
stitution puts upon us; and we must exercise that
discretion, and determine whether or not the ap-
propriation is just. Therefore I say that as the
sense of the Senate has been taken, and they have
decided that these judgments shall be regarded as
final against the Government, I desire to put a lim-
itation upon that, and to say that the judgment
may be final up to the sum of $2,000, but that
above $2,000 there shall be an appeal to the rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States,
and the representatives of the States, before the
appropriation of the money shall be made to go
out of the Treasury. 1 hope this amendment
will prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Chandler, Clark, Doohttle, Fessenden,
Hale, Harlan, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kan-
sas, JPorneioy, Sheunan,Wilson ofMaj>&acl)U&etts, Wilson
of Mit-souri, and Wnght—15.
NAYS—Messn. Anthony, Arnold. Browning, CoJlamer,
Cowan. David, Dixon, Field, Foot, Foster, Harding, Harris,
Henderson, Hick*, Hovvaid, McDoucall, Powell, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Willey—02.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the thir-
teenth section by striking out the proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The woids pro-
posed to be stricken out will be rend.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Provided, however, That in order to authoiize the said
couit to lender a judgment in favor of any claimant, if a
citizen of the United States, it shall be set torth m the peti-
tion, and be made to appeal on the tnal, that the claimant
has at all times home irue allegiance to the Government of
the United States, and whether a citizen or not, that he
has not in any way voluntarily aided, abetted, or given en-
couragement to rebellion against the said Government.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think that a bill of
this kind is a proper place in which to put a dis-
ability. I have understood that there are perhaps
seven laws passed—four or five certainly—im-
posing disabilities, all worded differently, and nil
somewhat diffeient. If we have disabilities at all,
in my judgment they should be in a general law.
This disability is, however, such a one as, in my
judgment, should not pass. It not only requires
the person to set forth the facts in the petition
which he swears to, but requires him to make
them appear on the trial. I submit to the Senate
if it is possible for any man to make it appear on
the trial that he has not aided, abetted, or g-iven
encouragement to the rebellion. It throws the
onus upon him. His affidavit will not do; but,
under the rules of evidence, he will be required to
call witnesses to prove the facts. What Senator
here could swear that his brother Senator has not
aided, abetted, or given encouragement to this re-
bellion? He may believe he has not done it, but
it is impossible that he can swear it; for he does
not know the facts. Men may secretly and covertly
do this thing. If you have a disability, all that
you should do would be to allow the Government
to plead the fact, and make it good upon trial by
proof that the party had been guilty of these prac-
tiee^. I therefore hope that the proviso will be
stricken out, and let us have disabilities in a gen-
em! law, if there are to he any.
Mr. BROWNING. I wish to surest to the
Senator horn Kentucky a modification of his
amendment. I
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Illinois will 1
permit me to say that if my mouon to strike out 1
the whole proviso does not prevail, I shall then
offer a substitute for it.
Mr. BROWNING. I propose to amend the
proviso by striking out in the twelfth line the
words, "and be made to appear on the trial."
That would leave the proviso to read thus:
That m^oider to authorize the said coin t to render a judg-
ment in favoi of any claimant. if a citizen of the United
Mates, it fclull be setfoith in the petition that the claimant
has at all tunes hoi ne true allegiance to the Govei mncnt of
the United States, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment is
in order.
Mr. BROWNING. I move it, then, as an
amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order to
perfect the clause before the question is taken on
striking it our.
Mr. DROWNING. The proviso as it stands, I
think, does impose on a claimant an impossibility.
It requires him to prove, before he can establish
his claim , arid to prove by evidence extraneous to
his own, outside of the icooid, that he has at all
times, covering the entire period of his life, wher-
ever he may have been, and under whatever cir-
cumstances, borne true allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States. It would at least em-
barrass his case with the doubts and scruples of
persons who might be a little sensitive upon that
subject, as to whether his proof, however strong,
however ample, however minutely it traced him
through the whole course of his existence, might
not still allow a doubt to exist whether or not it
was satisfactory and sufficient. He verifies his
petition by his oath , and he is to set forth in his
petition the fact of hisaliegiance. That certainly
ought to create a prima facie presumption and case
in his favor. An issue may be taken upon that.
It is a material averment in his petition. The
solicitor of the United States may controvert it,
and when controverted he may bring the affirma-
tive proof if he can; but if a case is made against
him, it devolves upon him to overturn it. But to
require him, in the first place, to make out a nega-
tive case, not only by his own oath but by ex-
traneous evidence, I think is imposing on the citi-
zen in a case of this kind more than ought to be
required of him.
Mr. CLA.RK. Is the petition to be under oath?
Mr. BROWNING. The petition, I under-
stand, is to be under oath. If it is not, it can be
so provided.
Mr. POWELL. The first line of the thirteenth
section requires it to be under oath.
Mr. BROWNING. Then 1 think that when
the clainuinthas made his solemn oath or affirma-
tion to the fact of his allegiance and fidelity to the
Government, that ought to be regarded as a prima
facie case to entitle him to go into an investigation
of his claim, without calling upon him to prove a
I negative that it would be impossible to prove. I
trust the Senator from Kentucky will be satisfied
with the modification of the amendment which I
have proposed. It seems to me it would be fair
and proper.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Illinois to amend his pioposed amendment,
by providingat the close of the proviso for a trav-
erse of the allegations as they would then stand.
Air. BROWNING. Certainly that can be of-
fered. It would come more properly as another
amendment to the section. I have no sort of ob-
jection to it, but 1 assumed that it was not neces-
sary, for tin* averment being required to beinserted
m the petition and venfied by affidavit, appears
to me to be a material one, and would therefore
he subject to traverse without any special pro-
vision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There might, perhaps, be
some doubt about that; and therefore I hope a
provision will be inserted such as is suggested by
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois that these words be added at the close of
the proviso:
Winch allegations may be traversed by the Government,
and if on the tnal such ips-uo shall he decided against tbo
claimant, no judgment shall be icndcied in his favor.
Mr. BROWNING. I have no objection to
that; I accept it cheerfully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois accept it as part of his amendment ?
Mr. BROWNING. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion, then, is to strike out the words which have
been indicated, and to add to the proviso the words
which have just been read.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
rec-uis upon the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, Jo strike out the proviso as amended.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw that motion, and
now move to strike out the proviso, and in lieu of
it to insert the following:
Provided, That the United Slates may plead in har of the
action of any claimant, if a citizen of the Hinted States,
that he does, not bear true allegiance to the Government of"
the United States, or that the claimant is an alien enemy.
This amendment, I think, will make the pro-
viso much better. It would place the emus on the
Government. It authorizes the Government to
plead these facts in bar. There is a reason why
I have worded it just as I have, requiring the al-
legation to be that he does not bear ti ue allegiance.
I know a class of persons who have been in the
confederate army, who have left it, who have
sworn allegiance to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and are now in arms in the Federal
service. I do not think it would be proper to cut
out that class of persons from bringing suits in
this court. This proviso, as it now stands, would
prevent thos® persons from bringing suits in the
