1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
intentions persistently repeated, they have arrayed against
us our own fellow-citizens, bound to us by the triple ties
of consanguinity, geographical position, and commercial
interest.
"Let no man among us be base enough to forget this, or
fool enough totrustan oligarchy of traitons tc^theii friends,
to civil liberty, and human freedom. Volunrary exilesfrom
home and friends, for the defense and safety of all, we long
for the time when gentle peace shall again spread her wings
over otir land ; but we know no such blessing is possible
while the unjust and arbitrary power of the rebel leaders
confronts and threatens us. Crafty as the fox, cruel as the
tiger, they cried {no coercion,' while preparing to strike us.
Bully-like, they proposed to fight us, because they said they
could whip five to one ; and now, when driven back, they
whine out, < no invasion,' and promise us of the West per-
mission to navigate the Mississippi, if we will be 1 good
boys,' and do as they bid us.
"Whenever they have the power, they drive before them
into their ranks the southern people, and they would also
drive us. Trust them not. Were they able they would in-
vade and destroy us without mercy. Absolutely assured of
these things, / am amazed that any one could think of lyeace
on any terms ^ He u>ko entertains the sentiment is Jit only
to be a slave; he who utters it at this time is, moreover, a
traitor to his country, who deserves the scorn and contempt of
all honorable tnc?u"
Mr. DUNN. That is the plain, direct language
of the hero of Murfreesboro'. He too is a Dem-
ocrat. i have presented these sentiments of Dem-
ocrats to this House as an evidence that all who
bear that name are not alike. I stand here to-day
to defend the Democrats in the Army against the
injustice being done them by some of those who
represent them in the State and national coun-
cils.
I think it is proper in this connection, and by
way of contrast, to call the attention of the House
to a speech made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] before what was repre-
sented as a very large convention of the Democ-
racy of Indiana, held at Indianapolis the 30th of
July last. 1 have in my hand a copy of the speech,
published with the official proceedings of that con-
vention. I send to the Clerk to be read an ex-
tract in regard to the action of the Jlcpubhcan
party in Congress.
The Cleric read, as follows:
"ThH paityhas already proclaimed the confiscation of
the entire estate of Mx different elates of citizens, and
when you come to look info the matter you will find that
within those six classes is embraced everv grown man and
woman in the eleven States. The bill lately passed by Con-
gress authoiizcs the President to take their property and
confiscate it, to the last dollar. Now, when you have taken
all the man's property and confiscated it and turned his
family out of doors, who will then keep house? Who is
then to enjoy the good things that abound there ? The negro.
Will you support such a war as that ? No, never! You
arc for a war to restore the Union and the Constitution, but
you will never yield your .suppott to Mich infamous meas-
ures as these."
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, in that extract the
gentleman represents that the effect of the confis-
cation act is to turn the white families out of their
homos that the negroes may go in and enjoy the
good things that abound there. A few days since
the gentleman took occasion, on this floor, to ex-
press his contempt for me. I have only to regret
that he manifests no more regard for the truth
than he has expressed for me. After misrepre-
senting that act and the object of the war, he ap-
peals to the people to know if they will support
such a war, and then answers the question him-
self by exclaiming, " no, never." These words
were uttered, too, af a time when the authorities
of Indiana were using every exertion to raise vol-
unteers to reinforce our brave men in the field.
Might we not well suspect that the purpose of the
speech was to discourage volunteering?
The Cleik will plea.se read anotherextractfrom
the same speech.
The Clerk then read, as follows:
il How many of these negroes aic now clothed and fed by
the money which you voted to Jeed voursons and Mothers
arid neighbors in the armv? Not ie.^ tuan thirty thousand.
I reeollt et ^e< ins? one eomp.uiv <,f thr^e creatures that had
been captured by Major General McDowell, eon-i^ting
mainly of old women with babies m their arms. While
MeClellan was in need ot an at my to •sustain lus right wing,
McDowell was eatchtng negioos away up on the Rappahan-
nock. That is what has thrown us back in this war a whole
year. It ls that that has compelled the Government to call j
for three hundn-d thousand additional volunteers to retrieve
the tailing fortunes of our arms. I hope that if the Presi- ■
dent wants that arm> for the purpose o( sustaining the Con- ,
stituuou and the Union, iie will get it.- (
Mr. DUNN. This same Democrat from Ken- j
tucky informs the Democracy of Indiana that the i
reason why the Ai my suffered defeat on the Pen-
insula was because Genoial McDowell was en- j
gaged with his forces in catching negroes on the
Rappahannock atthe time that General MeClellan
needed reinforcements. He tells them it was that
that has compelled the Government to call for an
additional force of three hundred thousand men,
and expresses the hope that i/— mark you—that
if the President wants them for the preservation
of the Constitution and the Union, he hopes he
will get them. What is the insinuation or inti-
mation that he throws out by the use of that word
" if?" It is that he does not believe the President
wants volunteers for any such purpose,and there-
fore he should not have them.
You observe the charge that not less than thirty
thousand negroes were then clothed and fed by
the money which had been voted for the use of
the soldiers. What truth was there in that state-
ment? In answer to a resolution which I intro-
duced into this House, the Secretary of theTrcas-
ury has made a report, in which he says:
"I embrace, with pleasure, this opportunity of rectifying
false impressions, industriously propagated, that the collec-
tion of cotton, and the care of plantations and laborers on
the sea ibiands of South Carolina, has been attended with
great costto the Government. So far from the truth is this
statement, that there is now in the hands of the Assistant
Treasurer at New York a half million of dollars baved
through these operations."
But, sir, how are we to disabuse the public mind
of the prejudice created and so widely dissemin-
ated by the speech of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky? Thousands of good men have been de-
ceived and misled by such misrepresentations,
and gone into those traitorous organizations, the
Knights of the Golden Circle. The truth cannot
enter the lodges of that order, for armed sentinels
stand at the door to challenge and reject it. Was
not that speech calculated to discourage enlist-
ments in our Army? Was it not like the gentle-
man's speeches on this floor, calculated to " en-
courage the South,and nerve the arm that strikes
the blow which is aimed at the heart's blood of
our brothers and kindred?" Sir, it would be
better for the gentleman to follow his instincts,
his sympathies, and his blood, and go at once
into the congress of the rebels, than to remain
here distracting the councils of the nation,and by
his " unjustifiable opposition to the Administra-
tion, giving aid and comfort to the enemy."
Now, sir, I want to come to the discussion of
this bill. What is it? What is the terrible bug-
aboo which gentlemen have been denouncing so
bitterly for so many hours? It is a bill for the en-
rollment and organization of our national forces.
This bill passed the Senate without opposition, I
might almost say, as the yeas and nays were not
called on its passage. It is strange that those pro-
visions which are denounced by gentlemen here
as inimical to liberty, should have escaped the acu-
men of their friends m the Senate. The provision
of the bill upon winch the fiercest attack is made,
js that which requires the district provost marshal
to report all " treasonable practices " to the Pro-
vost Marshal General. Well, sir, so far as I am
concerned, I have not the slightest objection to
that provision being struck out. It is only a mode
provided by which the Government may be in-
formed as to treasonable practices that may exist
or occur in any part of the country. There arc
other ways by which the Government may obtain
such information. It is my duty, as it is the duty
of every loyal citizen, toinform the proper authori-
ties of all treasonable acts or practices that may
come to our knowledge, for the purpose of having
the offenders arrested and brought to punishment.
Rut gentlemen seem to give themselves intense
concern about what is the meaning of the expres-
sion " treasonable practices." Just reverse the
order of the expression, and make it " practices
of treason," and by the aid of the Constitution you
have a plain definition. That is the whole of it;
and yet this provision appears to have given gen-
tlemen on the other side as much alarm as if a
bomb-shell had fallen in their midst. Why should
they be so uneasy about it? ' The Sciiptures say
"the wicked flee when no man pursueth, but the
righteous are bold as a lion." [Laughter.] The
latter part of that quotation was not intended for j
all the gentlemen on the other side. [Laughter.]
One fact, Mr. Speaker, must have attracted the
attention of this House, and that is, that while
some gentlemen can spend hours and days here in
denouncing our Government for what they charge
to be improper arrests, and the imprisonment of
the arrested patties m our forts, or, as the stand-
ard designation on the other side is, (( military
bastiles," they utter rio words of indignant rebuke
of the treatment Union men atid our prisoners of
war have been subjected to in the southern States;
no complaints of the loathsome prisons, " mili-
tary bastiles," to which our brothers, our sons,
and our friends have been committed, or of the
privations, the indignities, and the outrages to
which they have been subjected. If some blatant
demagogue in Ohio, or elsewhere, is arrested and
imprisoned for a few weeks, u without whisky
or a Bible," [laughter,] these gentlemen are thrown
into a paroxysm of indignation They speak with
set teeth and clenched lists, and threaten bloody
retribution. Let your vengeance first fall on the
bloody traitors to your country, and after that is
accomplished, there will be time to redress those
grievances of comparative insignificance. I know,
sir, improper arrests have been made, and I know
also that many an innocent man has been exe-
cuted on the gallows, under all the protections of
the law properly administered. Here, day after
day, the attempt is'being made to impress the
public mind with the belief that it is the purpose
of the Administration to oppress the people and
deprive them of their liberty. Why, gentlemen,
many of you are yourselves spared monuments
of executive clemency. Look abroad at the des-
olation this war has brought. Listen to the wail
that comes up from the bereaved brothers and
sisters, fathers and mothers, widows and orphans
who have been brought to grief by this unpro-
voked and murderous rebellion, and waste not
your sympathy on those u who, by an unjustifi-
able opposition to the Administration, are giving
aid and comfort to the enemy." Must we, while
our soldiers are laboring in the trenches, exposed
in their camps,languishing in hospitals,and dying
on the field of battle, give our time and attention
to the petty sufferings of petty demagogues?
Sir, it is truly stated in the address which has
been read at the Clerk's table, that if the rebels of
the South are leaning on the northern Democracy
for support." Strike that prop from under them
and the rebellion tumbles to the ground. Whence
came this rebellion? It sprung from the pestifer-
ous womb of the Democratic party in the days
of its degeneracy; it was nursed at its breast,
strengthened by its hand, and is now supported
by its power. History will so record it. This
generation, with its passions and prejudices, is
passing away. The generations that come after
us will judge calmly and justly of the rise, prog-
ress, and results of this rebellion. They will
trace its origin to the control the South acquired
and exercised over the Democratic organization.
The South ruled that organization with despotic
power. The rebels would not have dared to en-
ter upon this hazardous experiment if they had
not received assurances of sympathy and support
from leading northern Democrats. The bombard-
ment and capture of Fort Sumter aroused the na-
tional pride and patriotism, and was followed by
the grandest uprising of a free people the world
ever saw. This outburst of patriotic enthusiasm
for a time silenced all opposition to " coercion."
But as the war was protracted,and the success of
our arms did not satisfy public expectation, and
the sacrifices of men and money did not appear to
be compensated by adequate results, the people be-
came restless and discontented. Taking advantage
of this state of popular feeling, the Democratic
party entered upon the important political cam-
paign of last year. They generally professed to
favor the prosecution of the war; yet all the se-
cession sympathizers in the North flocked to their
standard. These sympathizers knew their own and
went unto them. The Democrats were successful
beyond their expectations, and in the elation of
their triumph soon made manifest what were their
real purposes. These have been made plain by
the unpatriotic course of the majorities in the Le-
gislatures of Indiana, Illinois, and New Jersey.
The people are again aroused, and understand
what to do with men who, at a time like this, give
aid and comfort to the enemy by their peace res-
olutions and resolves in favor of an armistice with
the foe. These, with other circumstances, have
rendered nccessary " vigorous legislation "for the
enrollment of the national forces.
Now, a word in reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] on the employment of
negroes in the Army. It seems, indeed, that no
gentleman on that side can make a speech on any
subjcct without having something to say about the
negro. I call the attention of the gentleman to an
extract frofti a letter I lately received from an officer
