316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•January 14,
desire to know it. The gentleman is silent upon
that subject.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. Will you allow me
time to finish my speech?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is an unreasonable
request.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Then I have said
all I desire to say to the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I supposed the gentleman
had. I have this to say m reply to the gentle-
man, that I doubt very much whether the gentle-
man is authorized to speak for these rebels to that
extent. To whatever extent he may be their
mouthpicce, 1 venture to doubt his authority to
say for them that if we lay down ourai ms and sur-
render tu them, and allow thorn to proclaim their
independence and their triumph over us and over
our common Government, they will then consent
to come back and be governed by the Constitu-
tion and the laws. I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman may say many things by their authonty,
but that is one thing I do not think he is allowed
to say by his master Jefferson Davis yet.
Now, sir, I wish to follow a little further the
suggestion which the gentleman saw fit to make
here of the origin of this war and how it was
brought about. The policy which has brought
about this contest is very different from the early
policy of the Government to which the gentleman
refers. He says that if the old status of slavery
under the Constitution were restored, all would be
well. I beg leave to say that it is because the
gentleman and his party broke up the old policy
of the Government touching slavery, that this re-
bellion became possible in the land. Suppose the
gentleman and his party had not gone off of late
years in the conspiracy with these very rebels to
extend slavery and give it empire for the sake of
securing a present party triumph, but had stoutly
stood by the old policy, the ancient landmarks of
the Republic, does anybody suppose that this re-
bellion would this day have shaken the Union and
filled the hearts of all good men with direful ap-
prehensions for the success of this last expeiiment
of representative government ? Not at all. Who
ever heard in the beginning of the Government of
the United States going out on a crusade for the
conquest of territory for the very purpose of ex-
tending the aiea of slavery and upholding it by
Federal arms? We all know that in the begin-
ning slavery existed in the original thirteen States,
with theexception ofMassachusetts,and weknow
as well that under the beneficent workings of our
institutions, operated upon by the free spirit of
our free Constitution, which Washington himself
declared was '* perfectly free m its principles," one
half of those States, without violence to a human
being or a human habitation, abolished the sys-
tem. When everything was tending directly to
the same end in all the other States, a new light
arose m the Republic, after the fathers had de-
parted, and wlnm tiie Calhouns and the Haynes
and Me Duffies found their places in the national
councils. It was under the lead of that distin-
guished man, whom the gentleman himself cited
upon this floor this morning, Mr. Calhoun, that
the Government was thrown into a conflict with
a foreign Powr r for the very purpose of acquiring
a tcrntoiy, equal m extent to the tenitory of the
empire of Fiance, for the support of the institu-
tion of slavery.
I refer you to Mr. Calhoun's letter, as Secre-
tary ot State, to our iep reson tative in Pi an re, (Mr.
King,) wherein he says that the annexation of
Texas to the Union as a slave State is essential to
the maintenance and perpetuity of the institution of
slavery. What followed? These gentlemen from
the North, who tell us now to restore slavery to its
ancient status under the Constitution, and all will
be well with the Republic, immediately fell in with
the suggestion, and all over the North, upon the
banners of this Democracy, who chum to be the
guard inns of rh e Union and the Constitution to-day,
blazed the words, "Polk. Dallas, and Texas."
That is not all. A fter they had succeeded m hunt-
ing to his grave by their slanders and their calum-
nies the great commoner of Kentucky, the man
who had a heart large enough and patriotic enough
to embrace the whole Union and ail its interests;
the man who had a vision clear enough and strong
enough to penetrate the'futuie, and with the pie-
sciV-nce of a prophet to foretell what would come
of this proposed acquisition of foreign territory—
national dishonor; when he was hunted down,and
your champion, upon the sole basis of the annexa-
tion of Texas, was elevated over him to the Presi-
dency, what followed ? Where, then, was your
love for the Constitution and the time-honored
policy of the Government ? Texas, a foreign State,
by your party, not mine, was admitted into the
Union with a perpetual slave constitution by con-
tract. Everybody knows that a contract of that
sort made with a foreign State could ottfy be right-
fully made, if at all, under the Constitution, by the
treaty-making power, and therefore only with the
assent of two thuds of the Senate, it is a fact in
history that the attempt was made so to annex
Texad, and that it failed. The two thirds of the
Senate refused to assentto if. What then' Why,
the party represented by these defenders of " the
Constitution as it is and the Union as it was,"
laid the foundation of this very revolt to-day by
bieakmg through the restrictions of the Constitu-
tion, by trampling their oaths under their feet, by
introducing, m the service of this institution of
slavery, which was the great pillar of Democracy
at that day, their famous joint resolution, and by
passing it through the Senate by a meager ma-
jority of one, in defiance of their oaths and the
Constitution.
To-day, sir, the words of Mr. Clay sound like
a prophet's word, " Do this, and you will involve
yourcountryin national dishonorand war." You
did do it, and the results predicted followed as
effect follows cause. The fust result of this new
slave policy was a foreign war with Mexico; the
last is this civil war at home over the division of
the spoils of tins conquest. You had no sooner
got Texas into the Union, and effected the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Mexico, by which
you hadaequued a huge potiion of her territory,
than immediately there arose m these Halls a
wild conflict about the government of the newac-
quisitions. Away upon the coast of the Pacific
the young State of California organized a free con-
stitution and asked for admission into the Union.
These men of the South who are now engaged in
this conspiracy declared that she should not come
in with her free constitution. Why? Because it
would multiply the representatives of free labor
in this and the other end of the Capitol. You
remember the ultimatum of that doughty knight
of Georgia, now in arms against the Republic,
(Mr. Toombs,) that that State must be divided
by the thirty-sixth parallel, or they would divide
theUnion. It was notaccomplished. The State
was finally admitted, but admitted upon a com-
promise as to the residue of the territory, and
which compromise was immediately, in 1850,
made the pretext for organizing this rebellion. The
very terms were then agieed upon by which the
lebelhon should be initiated.
I ask gentlemen to lead the letters that passed
at that time between the then Governor of Mis-
sissippi and the then Governor of South Carolina,
and see what was then substantially agreed upon
between them, when they talk about maintaining
the Union and the Constitution by restoring sla-
vety to its status. What was it? It was agreed
by these hisrh contracting parties that South Car-
olina should lead off m the act of secession at the
proper time; and when she had done that, declared
herself independent of the authority of the Fed-
euil Government, declared the Constitution and
laws of the United States void and of no effect
within the limits of her territory, then, said these
gentlemen, the Fedeial Government will attempt
to4'coerce" her to "submission." That is whence
gentlemen borrow this word " coercion," about
which we have heard so much to-day. It was in
the original conspiracy in 1850 that the word was
fust used m American politics with any signifi-
cance. The Federal Government would attempt
to coerce South Carolina into submission, and
then, said they, her sister southern States—and
especially the cotton States—would rally to her
standard and protect the sovereignty of seceding
South Carolina against " unconstitutional Federal
coercion." That plot, sir, w,.,s carried out. It
was agreed in 1850 that South Carolina should
take the initiative whenever the proper time ar-
rived. The contest of ] 852 came, and a President
was elected who was not m this conspiracy, who
was not willing to lend his influence to its accom-
plishment, and, therefore, it was agreed thnt the
proper time had not an ived. The contest of 1856
came, and an old man was elected whose intellect
wag shattered by the approaches of age, who,
whether intending the destruction of his country
or not, brought into his Cabinet council men that
were in that conspiracy, and who were ready to use
their position and offices in aid of its accomplish-
ment.
In that Cabinet council sat one of those men
who is stained all over to-day with the blood of
our countrymen—Howell Cobb, of Georgia, the
Secretary of the Treasury. In thatCcibinetcoun-
cil also sat, as Secretary of War, another (Mr.
Floyd) who, in like manner, has been engaged
in this work of assassination on all your stricken
fields of battle. In that Cabinet council also was
that other man from the North, who, I lmve good
reason to believe, though I do not know the fact,
did lend the influence of his position to the con-
spiracy. I refer to that gentleman from Connec-
ticut, whose name is not often heard these days
on the lips of patriots, cither here or elsewhere,
who, for the time being, acted as Secretary of the
Navy, and who in his personal appearance an-
swers well to Byron's description of one of hia
heroes:
" He was a Turk, the color of mahogany."
I mean the man who sent ships to foreign seas
that they might not be here to defend the Gov-
ernment against this great treason. I mean the
man who permitted navy-yards to be taken by
these rebels, and who made no honest endeavor
to resist them. And theie was that other gentle-
man of the Interior Department, who is also now
engaged in this rebellion. I am not here to say that
he wantonly and purposely allowed that Depart-
ments be rifled,asit was ufled, plundered", of the
Indian securities; but unfortunately it was done
under his administration of the Department. And
with such a role as was thus played in the capi-
tal of the nation by that Democratic Cabinetcoun-
cil, this gentleman who helped to put them there
has the effronteiy to come here and arraign men
for making war on these innocent, unoffending
rebels. According to his logic we should have sat
silent, and allowed those gentlemen to plunder the
people of the money in their Treasury on the one
hand, and to rob them of the means of self-defense
and self-preservation on the other. The suggestion
of the gentleman is in perfect keeping with the
conduct of that Cabinet. Disband your Army,
he says. Leave the field to these rebels. Allow
them to proclaim themselves to all the world inde-
pendent of your authority. Allow the Union to
be dissevered, and thereupon go to workand set-
tle the difficulty, in the language of the gentleman's
resolution, by "a final treaty of peace." That
would be a spectacle for gods and men to look
on with wonder—the Government of the United
States engaged in a final treaty of peace with
Robert Toombs and Jefferson Davis, and John B.
Floyd and John Letcher of Virginia, and John
Siidell and James Mason, with the gentleman from
Ohio chief in their counsel.
But the gentleman, not content with simply
making this suggestion, comes here to-day to dis-
credit the Government in the face of the world,
and says, with an air of triumph, " how can you
carry on the war? Can it continue? Can you
borrow more money? Can you obtain any more
revenue by taxation And he undertakes to
answei for all the loyal people of this gieatcmm-
try, "no." I ask him again for his authonty.
1 deny the correctness of his conclusion. I would
despair of the Republic if I thought that the mil-
lions who people all this broad fftnd of ours, from
the rock-bound coast of New England to the
golden gates of the Pacific, were like the gentle-
man from Ohio, ready to lay their hands upon
their mouths,and their mouths in the dust, crying
before these armed rebels and thieves, " unclean,
unclean, unclean." The people, sir, occupy no
such position, thank God, and I trust they never
will; because I believe that the spirit of the Puri-
tans, at which the gentleman affects to sneer to-
day, runs through their veins. "Ah," says my
colleague, "you can borrow no more money; you
can raise no more revenue by taxation." I take
it that, in this instance, the wish of my colleague
is father to the thought. He would, if he could,
have those who hold the purse-smngs in this
land withhold from the Government the means
of support. I have the light to infer, from his
woi ds, that he would, if he could, induce the loyal
people of the land to withhold the payment of
taxes in support of their own Government. And
