1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
yet he is for the Union as it was and for the Con-
stitution as it is I
The gentleman refers to Washington, whose
bones, he says, are disturbed by this unconstitu-
tional war for the Union. Has the gentleman,
when he talks thus—suggesting; to the people a
disregard of law, a withholding of taxes, a refusal
to support then* Government—forgotten those
grand words of Washington, which ought to be*
written to-day over the lintels of every door in
the Innd: " the Constitution which at any time
exists is sacredly obligatory on all until changed
by the act of the whole people?" I thinkthatad-
monition of Washington a sufficient response to
the suggestions of the gentleman to the good peo-
ple of this land to pay no more taxes, not to sub-
mit to their own laws, to allow the Union to he
dismembered, and the heritage, which God him-
self has declared should bo the common heritage
of one people, to be divided. And for what pur-
pose } Why, that it may be united again. I sup-
pose the gentleman's philosophy is, that the best
way to preserve a man's life is to kill him, in the
first place, merely for the purpose of showing his
skill in restoring him to life a^ain. He would de-
stroy the Union to-day by disbanding the Army;
he would destroy the Union to-day by destroy-
ing the public confidence in the Government; ho
would destroy it by withholding from the Govern-
ment the revenues necessary to carry on the war.
And after that is done, he would restore it by
Rome strange machinery, by some curious power
of enchantment which he possesses. I warn the
gentleman to lay no such flattering unction to his
soul. He who would pntoutthe iightuow burn-
ing on your altars had better be careful, before he
does that work, to inquire what earthly power
shall that light relume.
My colleague would consent that the pillars of
the temple of our liberties should be shaken down,
in the vain belief that he has the power to rear
them again in all their just and beautiful propor-
tions. I trust in God that my colleague's day-
dream is not to be realized. I feel the conviction
that those who reaied the proportions of tins
beautiful fabric of American empire were mighty
men, whom God taught to build for glory and for
beauty. They were men who are not seen m every
generation, or in every century. They were men
of that large discoui^c that looks bcfoie and aft^r.
They were men fitted of God to accomplish the
great work of laying the foundations of a great and
free commonwealth.
In this hour of peril my colleague tells us to
follow the example of Moses. I am quite satisfied
with the tribute which he paid to htrn. 1 Le said he
was one of the greatest statesmen thatever lived.
I think it most likely, lie wants us to follow
the example of Moses; but what he meant by the
suggestion I am not sure that I fully Comprehend.
Mr. LOVEJOY. To lead the slaves out of the
house of bondage.
Mr. BINGt-IAM. He informed us—and it was
the only example of Moses, so far as I could dis-
cover from the speech that he was pleased to refer
to specifically—that Moses, when he wanted to do
justice to his people, when he wanted to restore
the authority of good government, took care to
leave the land of Egypt, and lead them out of that
country. Does the gentleman mean by thatsug-
festion that we ought to follow the lead of some
loses—himself for example—get up and leave
this goodly heritage of ours to be occupied exclu-
sively by these rebels in arms, who have sworn
that they will not have this Government of the
people to rule over them? I cannot infer any-
thing else. 1 do not see what other conclusion
any man can arrive at fiom what the gentleman
said. And if that be what he means, then 1 have
this to say to him: that the right of expatuation
is a rightsecured undei the Constitution and laws
of the "United States to all its citizens; and if it
be according- to his mind to gather up hw bundle
tinder his arm, and to go into distant parts in order
to accommodate these rebels, he has a perfect right
to exercise his privilege. 13ut 1 beg leave to sug-
gest that those of us who think otherwise shall
be permitted to stand by the old Hag, and to re-
main on our native heatn undisturbed, so long as
it shall please God to let us live. If he meant any-
thing eise than this bright suggestion, I would
like to know what he did mean? My friend on
my left suggests that he meant to lead the people
out of their bondage into the land of their liberty.
[Laughter.] If he meant that, it was not fair in
him not to disclose'fully and unequivocally his
meaning, so that the country might have the ben-
efit of it.
The gentleman alluclcd to Moses a's a great
statesman and law-giver. J agree with my col-
league m that; but I insist that if that be his con-
viction in this hour of national peril, he ought to
follow the example of Moses. I hope the gentle-
man will not repudiate the law of his great law-
giver—and he is also my great law-giver and model
statesman. If we have any respect for Moses's
law, in my belief the first act to be done by the
nation should be to proclaim to these rebels, in the
words uttered by this gieat law-giver, which he
received from the Almighty himself in the midst
of the darkness and earthquake of the mountain:
"Thou shalt not steal." [Laughter.] They are
attempting to steal your country and mine; they
are attempting to steal your property and mine;
they are attempting to steal your heritage and
mine; they are attempting to steal the heritage of
your children and mine.
I have no doubt you, sir, [Mr. Crittenden,]
will agree with me, whether my collcagucdoes or
not, that every rood of South Carolina is as much
a part of your native land and mine as any rood
of Kentucky or Ohio. Yet these rebels in arms are
attemptingtosteal it. i here brand them as thieves
who rob us of any part of our national heritage.
Let them who do not forfeit their right by crime
enjoy that heritage in peace, m common with the
rest of us. I ask my colleague whether he will
consent that they shall steal any portion of this
common territory of our country or not? The
theory which he has advanced in his remarks of
to-day would consent to the theft.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I will consent that
my colleague may volunteer to prevent it, if he
wishes
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague really
consent that I mav volunteer? [Laughter.]
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Yes, sir. My col-
league and myself will be in the same category,
at leisure after the 4th of March, and perhaps we
may volunteer together.
Mr.HINGlIAM. I take courage from that,for
the inference to be drawn, both from the spoken
arguments of my colleague and his official conduct
in this House, is that he would permit nobody to
volunteer. [Applause in the gallery.]
Air. YALLANDIGHAM. Let me say to my
colleague 
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield the floor.
The gentleman would disband your Army, with-
hold all supplies, and pei mil me alone to volunteer
against all these rebels in arms. That is magna-
nimity. Talk about volunteering, sneeringly,
when you, who have sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, stand by and see it
torn and ventin tatters, and deny the right to main-
tain it by arms. When violent hands are laid
upon the old llag of the Union, stained, as it is, all
over with the blood of its defenders, shed by their
assassins and murderers, yon deny the right to
uphold it, and refuse to vote supplies to your cit-
izen soldiery, who peril ail things earthly for the
maji sty of the law and in defense of their own
institutions. You talk about volunteering! [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
The SPEAKER,. The Chair will order the
galleries cleared if this disturbance is persisted m.
Mr. GINGHAM. One other remark upon this
subject of volunteering. My colleague volunteers
to speak for the great and free Northwest, the
olfspiing of that New England which he has de-
nounced here to-day. Where did the founders of
those free Commonwealths of the North west learn
how so wisely and justly to mold the institu-
tions of Slates? in that denounced New England,
among the hills of which they were cradled.
They carried thegreatlesxon ofwisdom with them,
those children of the Piigtim fathers, who fol-
lowed the petting sun as he walked in his Maker's
stops of fire. The first act of those pioneers of [
western civilization was to rccnact in the h^ht of j
New England's example, as the primal law of .
their free Commonwealths, thaf all men should be !
free, and that no man within their limits should I
be wrongfully robbed either of his liberty or of i
the products of lusown toil. And now, in the pres- |
ence of the Representatives of these free Common- !
wealths of the West, my colleague volunteers to
speak for them all, and tells us and tells this coun- i
try and the world that in the event5 of the triumph of
these rebels and the dismemberment of the Unioi>|
all of which he predicts and attempts to secure by
refusing to vote supplies of either men or mofie^ ,
in the cause of the Union, and by declaring &nd
advising that your Army be disbanded, the free
Northwest will bind herself to that body of -sin.
and death—the rebel South. The gentleman ar-
gues and declares that in the event of disunion,
the free States of the Northwest, forgetful of all
that is brilliant in their past history, will volut*- *
tarily, for the sake only of filthy lucer, bind them-
selves to those southern traitors against civil and
religious liberty in this and all lands.
I want to know, again, by what authority he
says that? I stand here to tell him that he slan-
ders the free West. He says interest will do it.
Pray why? He says that all the grain of that
mighty region must find its outlet through the
Mississippi into the Gulf of Mexico, and that in-
terest will therefore bind the Northwest to the
southern rebel States. Is the free Northwest to
cast in her destiny, in the event of disunion, with
assassins and murderers for the sake of gain?
God forbid ! Her people to-day give the lie to the
prophecy, and prove that it is false. How many
bushels of her grain have found their market
through the channels of the lower Mississippi,
pray, since this rebellion began ? Not one. How
many pounds of her beef and pork have found
their way to market through the channel of the
lower Mississippi river since this rebellion began ?
Not one. Yet, according to the logic of the gen-
tleman, the great North west is so craven, so deeply
imbued with the mercenary spirit of Judas, that
she would sell herself out to the retails of Lou-
isiana and Mississippi for the sake of a market
for her products. Let the conduct of the North-
west answer the slander. If she had sought her
gain simply, if she had looked only to profitable
returns for the products of her fields, to the pros-
perity of her gieat industrial interests alone, ac-
cording to the logic of the gentleman, she would
long ago have struck hands with the rebels, in-
stead of sending out, as she has sent out, half a
million of the bravest and noblest of her sons,
who have, in this war, upheld your banner with
a strong arm upon every field of conflict west of
the Alleghanies, and in the East as well. If she
had looked only to her pecuniary interest, would
she thus profusely have cast the jewelsof her life,
the coinage of her hemt, into your treasury?
Why, sir, the gentleman is deluding himself
with a wild dream. He seems to fancy that his
project foi disunion, to which I before referred,
will be acceptable to the West. I suppose that
he believesit, 1 wondered before what possessed
my colleague that he should introduce such a prop-
osition. Wenow havea clue toit. First he asks,
by amending the Constitution, so as to legalize
rebellion in the South,and enable the rebel States
in arms by agreement only among themselves to
secede each fi om the U nion, and then, by a ppealing
to the cupidity and the avarice of the free West,
he hopes to induce them to fall into the southern
rebel section by an act of constitutional secession,
effected only by the consent of" the section of the
West." Out, sir, upon all such incipient treason.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. WRIGHT obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say a few words
more.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will yield to the gentleman
if it is not taken out of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be al-
lowed to proceed if there be no objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. How much'time does the
gentleman-want?
Mr. BINGHAM. About fifteen minutes—the
same extension of time that was allowed to my
colleague.
Thete was no objection, and the extension of
time was granted accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, sir, one word more,
and then I believe I have done with my reply to
the remarkable speech of my colleague. He said
that you cannot maintain this Union, oi the author-
ity of this Government, by force of arms*, that you
must do it by compromise; and lie vuideitakes to
make tins good by reference to some carefully
considered references to history. There is one
fact in the history of the world which ho has over-
looked, and that is this greett fact, that there is not
