318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-January 14,
a sinHe well authenticated instance upon record
of a great Government, assailed by internal dis-
sensions and armed rebellion, that submitted and
surrendered to the rebellion and survived—not
one. Yet the gentleman would have us, in the
light of that great fact and warning of history, to
lay down our arms, disband our armies, submit
to the rebellion for the time being, and undertake
to settle this great controversy afterward in favor
of republican institutions by compromise ! If that
could be thus accomplished, and the integiity of
the Constitution maintained,! am not free to say
that f would wholly disregard the gentleman's
suggestion; but, sir, I ask any man to point me
to a single instance of well authenticated history
where a Government, assailed by armed rebellion,
submitted to the rebels in arms, and survived it.
No Government can survive a base surrender of
its own authority to armed rebels. The rebels in
that event become the Government.
Mr. Speaker, 1 know the effect of such an ap-
peal to the people of the country. 1 know that
the good people of this land, who have given the
fust-born of their homes for the defense of tho
Union and the Constitution and the suppression
of the rebellion, love their noble sons and cherish
them as they do the apple of their eye. I know
that after their day's work is done, in the quiet
twilight of the evening they mourn over their
absence and the broken circle of their homes.
Hence it is that I would answer the suggestion of
my colleague, lest it may have some weight with
the fathers and the mothers of the land in induc-
ing them to call back their sons from tins holy
war, and then by peimit the Union and the Con-
stitution tafcfall and be forever lost to human vis-
ion. 1 beg them to remember that though by dis-
banding your Army they may for the moment
make whole again thegolden circle of their homes,
they may thereby lose to themselves and their
children a country. I ask them to remember
that beautiful utterance, than which none more
beautiful ever fell from humjn hps, of one of the
dying fathers of the Republic, " I commit my
spuit to (jffkI and niy daughter to my country.5'
How could he, how could any man, die m peace
leaving his child without a country and a Gov-
ernment to shelter and protect u when he was
gone >
No, sir,there is something more important to be
considered here to-day than the question whether
this life or that life, even though it be the noblest
and the most promising m the land, shall survive
thw war, and that question is, shall the Republic
live immortal among the nations, and cover with
the cCiiiK of its pmteotiou your childien and in me,
and all the childnn of this hind, when we oui-
selves shall In- no 111010 upon tin-earth? Yes, .sir,
tin1 gwatcjuesuon of to-day is, shall the Republic
live5 An v sac: ifhv of blood, any present Iohs to
us of "this intellectual being," is not too great
to bo math-, if thereby we may maintain intact
that Constitution which our fathers gau- us
The eonilh ts of the Oid World heve taught us
other lessons than those to which the gentleman
referred. If war has its sacrifices it oiso has its
tnumphsand its compensations. But a few yeai.->
ago all Lairopo shook beneath the conflict of arms
between Russia and France and KngUnd, to de-
teimine the question whether a weak and feeble
 Srnte should be nbso'-bed by that gieat Power of
the North. J2y that conflict of amis there was a
terrible sacrifice of life. Was that a!1 ? Not at ail.
It presented among other things—and I may be
pardoned for mentioning it here—one of i.ie mi!>-
Innestand most beautitui manifestations of wo-
rn m m the day of peril and of calamity ; nd sac-
nth e, of mi iTeinig and of death, that the woi 1.1 has
e\ <t St <■>!) .since Mary watch'd her sinh-ss child m
the mun^er. Go follow Florence Is*'igiitimcaic as
she walked beneath the ftowmug walls of oa«-
Topoi, by her gentle charitn s soothing tin- suffi i-
oig, and I)j" her divine words cheering the dying,
Hius'fat'o$£ to ail by lu r beautiful life and ht.r he-
roic saculice Hie xigiiili'Mnee uf thai new revela-
tion, " the pure in heait shall see Guu."
Anu vet, sir, in that day the question was asked
by the men on 'Change in Enghnd, what have
we gameil by the w.u r If they bod asked, what
has not England alone but the whole world gained
by the win } they might have be jn answered this,
jit !<-a*:: the Crescent is as given phiee to the Cross;
the Koran to the New Testament in the streets ot
Constantinople. For an answer to the question,
what has England gained by the war ? one of her
most gifted sons said:
" As-k their witness to whom the war ha* chanced the
aspect of the earth find the imagery of heaven, whose hopes
it has cut off like a spider's Web, who^e treasure it has
placed, in a moment, under the seals of clay—those who
can never more seethe pun iwo nor watch tho climbing
lightgild the eastern clouds, without thinking what graves
it has gilded, fir&t, far down behind the daik eaith-lme—
who never more shall seethe cnocn* bloom in spring with-
out thinking what dust it is that feed* the wild flowers of
Bnluklava. Ask their witness, and see if they will not re-
ply that it is well with them and with theirs; that they
would have it no otherwise, would not, if they misrht, re-
ceive hack their gifts of love and life, nor tike again the
purple of their blood out of the cross on the breastplate of
England."
May like answer be given when this war is
ended.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I would not
have participated in the discussion of my resolu-
tions to-day, my health is so feeble, but fearing
that I will not have another opportunity of pre-
senting my views and opinions which I have at-
tempted partially to embody in the pending prop-
ositions, I feel constrained to claim the consider-
ation of the House at this time. I cannot agree,
sir, with some of the views just advanced by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] al-
though as to most of his aigument I have no hes-
itation in saying I agree with him. I differ with
him m respect to the continuance of this war.
1 am, Mr. Speaker, a peace man,but I am not
a peace man if that peace is to be established upon
the dismembered fragments of a broken and de-
stroyed (Jnion. 1 am a peace man, if peace can
bo obtained with rebels who are striking at the
vitals of the Republic, upon terms that shall be
alike honorable to the patriotism and courage of
the North. While I am a peace man, I am no
coward, and while I may desire peace I shrink
from no responsibility. I would even put myself,
as a Representative from the North, in a position
of absolute humiliation if peace could be the re-
sult of it; I will even let myself down and kiss the
swoid in the hands of that arch traitor in Rich-
mond, dripping with the blood of my own loins,
if I could obtain peace upon honorable terms to
my conntiy.
Cut as my resolutions say, while the rebellion
stands in a menacing attitude, and while their
guns are directed upon your very capital itself,
nnd while they themselves say they will make no
terms with us, I am not a peace man, because,
under those circumstances 1 could not be a peace
man and preserve my own honor, and my own
country.
Tiie gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandig-
ham] said he would have the war stopped, and
that he was opposed to it. What does the gentle-
man from Ohio anticipate by the cessation, upon
our part, of hostilities? Does he suppose that
terms can be obtained from these men who are in
rebellion, if the North says we will grant anaim-
istiee5 Why, sir, there can be nothing which
could be more cheering or more satisfactory to
these men who lend and conduct this rebellion,
than to have the North say that this war shall
stop where it is, and let them have that republic
which they have been striving for dui ing the last
two years. Had the doctrine of the gentleman
from Ohio prevailed one year ago, the members
of this House of Representatives would not luive
been in session here to-day. Had the let-alone
policy which he proclaimed here in opposition
to the war been the maiked policy of the coun-
try withm the last year, we should not now have
the beggarly privilege of occupying seats in the
| American Congress to-day,but, instead, we would
| lun e had the chief traitor, and Ins cohorts and co-
adjutors,occupying this Hall instead uf ourselves.
Vvc of the North did not bring this war and
desolation upon the country. We had no hand in
it. Whr n my honorable friend from Kentucky
on my right [Mr. Ciuttfa'dl.y] presented his res-
olutions last July a year ago and we adopted them,
we d> clared, with but two dissenting voices, that
this was a war for the restoration of the Govern-
ment,and we meant to fight it out—it may become
a war of ext^i minauon before it is ended—that it
was immediately forced upon us by the seceding;
States. We of the North were not the first who
made an appeal to arms for tho disposition and set-
tlementof civil and private rights. Rebellion it was
thot first fired its guns into the American /lac; re-
bellion it was that first drove those States from the
American Union and inaugurated the reign of ter-
ror; rebellion it was that raised the standard of
opposition, and sent her piratical ships upon the
seas to plunder our commerce. And were we to
fold our arms at these gross outrages, and sit down
crying " peace," il let the war stop?" Had not
we had manliness enough to raise our voices
against it, and our arms to protect ourselves and
our children, and had we pursued this kind of
peace policy a year ago, I again repeat, we should
not have the beggarly privilege of occupying seats
in the Capitol of the nation.
And now that the war has been protracted for
the period of two years, are we to be met again
by the same argument—that we must lay down
our arms ? No, while God gives us the power to
maintain our position, while we have the force
and the vigor, let us fight like men, because it has
gotto come to the question of extermination. The
day of such a peace has passed by, and passed by
forever. These great wrongs which have been
perpetrated upon the part of the rebellious States,
we can hardly realize; we can hardly contem-
plate. They have been the direct and immediate
cause of the sacrifice of three hundred thousand
of the loyal youth of the country. Their bones,
if they could all be collected together in one grand
mass, would form a mausoleum greater than the
pyramids of Egypt. There is not an inch of soil
between the Chesapeake and the Rocky mount-
ains which has not been saturated with the blood
of our brethren and children. They have demor-
alized our people, almost destroyed our national
character, and now say, in the language of Solo-
mon, " bi ing the sword, and the child shall be di-
vided;" and some here say, " so be it." There
is one here that never will say it—never, wlnle
God permits him to breathe, will he say it.
Do the rebels sue for peace ? No. Let me road
you an extract or two to show what these people
are say i ng and doing. On the 26th of last Decem-
ber Jefferson Davis delivered a speech at Jackson,
before the Legislature of Mississippi, in which ho
says, among other things, " from the Northwest
we look for the first gleam of peace." What kind
of a peace does Jefferson Davis contemplate from
the Northwest? God grant it may not be a peace
estahhshinga line of defense and offense between
the East and the middle States. I have heard that
suggested, but it is too monstrous to believe.
1 have too good an opinion of the virtue and
intelligence and patriotism of the people of the
Northwest to entertain, for a moment, the idea
that they would join hands with the miserable
men engaged in their country's ruin, for any com-
promise or auangement by which the Union is to
be dismembered. I discard it as a vile imputa-
tion.
After a complimentary allusion to Mississippi
and her soldiers, Davis spoke of his love for the
old Union. Now mark what this renegade and
rebel Nays of you Representatives, as reported in
the Jackson Mississjppian:
'• He alluded to it, however, as n mattei of regret that tlie
best affections ot In* heartshonid have been bestowed upon
an object bo unwojthy—that he should have loved so long
a Guveinment which was iotten to ns very cmo IU> hau
predicted how the begumine a fieice war. though it had as-
sumed more gigantic proportions than he had calculated
upon. lie had pr< dicud wai, not because ouj right to se-
cede was not an undoubted one,anil eie.niy defined in the
spirit of that dcehuation which rests the "light to govern
upon the con-cut of the governed; but the wickedness of
the Xorth would entail war upon the country. The present
war. waged against the rights of a ftee people, was unjust,
and the fuiit of the evii passions of the North. In the
progies« of the war the-e evil passion* have been brouyht
our and developed ; ?nd sr> far fiom leuniting with such a
people—a people whose ancestor* Cromwell had gathered
iioin the hog- and fens of 11 eland and Scotland-—the Pres-
ident was. emphatic in his de< I.nation that under no cir
cumstauces would he con&eui to reunion/'
Here you have the head of this bogus confed-
eracy laying out the line of policy. With those
men from the boss and funs of Ireland and Scot-
land, iui never would consent to reunion. But he
casts his eye overthe greatNortluvest and enter-
tains the hope that there he shall first see the sun
of his righteousness arise. The men from the
district I have the honor to represent in the Con-
gress of the United Slates, who have migrated
from the bogs and fens of li eland and Scotland,
are as much superior m loyalty and patriotism to
that man Jeff Davis, as the religion of Christ
is above the religion of Satan; and ten thousand
times sooner would I trust the defense offree prin-
ciples and. human liberty to the hands of those
