1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men from the fens and bogs of Ireland and Scot-
land than to Jefferson Davis and his treasonable
associates. Ho will entertain no terms of reunion,
and yet the gentleman from Ohio says thevwnr
must be stopped, that we must have peace, and
that we must reunite.
Reunite with whom ? Reunite with Davis and
his coadjutors, who say they never will consent
to it? Let me go a step further with regard to
this southern feeling. 1 hold in my hand resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature of North Cato-
Itna. I will not read the whole, of them. When
the Legislature of North Carolina assembled on
the 2d of December, 1862, these resolutions,
among others, weie unanimously adopted:
i! Retail ed, That the confederate Statec have the means
and the will to MiMani and pei peuiaie tiie Government they
have e.-t<il>!i.-he<l, sunt to that em! North Catohna i-i determ-
ined to eonmbutc all of her power and ie^onic<^.
'• Jicohed.Th.il the r-epatafnm between the i-onfederat^
States ,uul the TTnited States is fin.il, and that the people
of ,\Toi th Caioluu will nevei consent toieinuon at any time
oi upon any term.-."
That is the unanimous declaration of the Le-
gislature of North Carolina, that at no time and
upon no terms will they reunite with us. L,et
me refer you, in the same connection, to a. letter
wiitten on the 8th of December, 186*2, by John
Letcher, Governor of the State of Virginia. It
seems that he had been charged with coriesnoml-
ence with Fernando Wood, of the city of New
York.Mt was asset tod that Fernando Wood had
been making advances to John Letcher, the Gov-
ernor of Viigmia, for the purpose of peace and a
reconstruction of the Union. That charge was
made against Governoi Letcher, and he came out
v/ith a letter denying it. I will read only a part
of his lettei:
Jt cannot ho that the prop]" of th«- oonfedei at'*
cm ajjam entet r«t;n a Sect ma of atTecUoa ami le^javt ioi
the Uoveinnunit ,->! the United States. We nave, fheteone,
set) u sited nom them ; and now iet it he uiulei-.tot i th.o the
f-epai.uioa and ouirht to he final and i>n voe.jhn- ; that
V'^niia • will tuidei no cucnm-tance.-. enteit.iin an\ piop-
o-ifion fioni any qnait.-i whieii may have tat in object a
lectoianon or r.-. on^tiaction ot the late Timm, on any
tcnis oi condition-; whatever.1 ^
That is the sentiment of Virginia, expressed
through her Governor. I have also read to vou
a quotation fiom # speech of Jefferson Davis,
piesidentof the southern confederacy. ! have
^iven you thejoint resolutions of the Legislative
of North Carolina, which passed unanimously,
in which they*say that they will have nothing to
d<  with us, and that on no terms will ihey teeon-
struct the Government; and yet we have gentle-
men talking p'-are all over 'his land ' Peace'
Peace upon what terms5
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 will answer the
gentleman, as I would hove done if I had been al-
lowed to conclude what I desired to say. What
lies produced and indicated the great reaction in
noi thern and western sentiment? TJie ballot-box.
The ballot-box is a weapon hi the hands of men
in the South yet. as potent and just as secure; and
through the ng -ney of that halfot-box, aftersome
time,when passion imv eooled and reason resumed
its sway, I expect to see n return of Union senti-
ment indicated, and whosoever in the so-called
confederate government or m the State govern-
ments stands m the way will be superseded by
other men, just as those who would have vvaee'd
this war upon a particular line of policy have been
superseded tlnough the ballot-box m the North
and West.
Mr. "\VRIGHT. I cannot conceive by what
principle of reasoning the gentleman can satisfy
himself that such a result could possibly, under
anv circumstances, be pttamed.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. History and human
nature.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Pennsyi-
vnnia will allow me to ask the gentleman fiorn
Ohio, in connection with his remark that he ex-
pects that at some future day the ballot-box will
work a revM'jtion m the South, whether he pro-
poses that we shall lay down our arms now pnd
wait for that revolution?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not propose
to lay down any aims at all. 1 snid that long since.
The laying down of arms must be a matter of
common consent. Hut I would, if I had the power,
reduce both armies down to a fair and reasonable
peace establishment just as speedily as puhMole.
[Laughter on the Republican side of the House.]
The people of the Northwest and South can bring
about reunion through the instrumentality of the
II :
ballot-box, the freeman's weapon. You said it
could only be done by fighting. You have tried
that for twenty months, and let history answer
with what results.
Mr. DAWES again sought the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir, I cannot yield any
further. What the gentleman from Ohio has just
uttered surprises me more than anything he said
while he occupied the floor previously. The idea
of laying down our arms and permitting the time
of our drafted and enlisted men to expire, and a
sufficient period to elapse to leave us without an
army, is, in my opinion, a most monstrous prop-
osition. Nor do 1 believe that jf we were even to
send a committee from this House, or a joint
committee of the two Houses, to wait upon" Jeff
Davis, such a committee would even be received
and entertained by him. I understand that the
Legislature of New Jersey has been making an
attempt of this kind, and that their agents were
not even reeetved by the officials in the city of
Richmond. I have seen such a statement in the
newspapers, and give it for what it is worth.
Mr. PbJRRY. There is notone word of truth
in the asset t ion the gentleman has made.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very glad to hear that
it is not true, for I have a better opinion of that
State, being half a Jerseyman myself.
Mr. TERRY. Perhaps North Carolina could
do precisely what members upon this floor have
done. On the 2:3d of July last they passed a res-
olution, and what have they done since? Perhaps
North Carolina will do the same.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very glad to hear the
member from New Jersey repudiate the idea that
any peace committee has been appointed in that
State and sent South for the purpose of entertain-
ing terms for a restoration of the Government.
They have sustained their character as patriotic
men. There is no man, 1 will venture to say, I
do not care what may be his complexion in poli-
tics—he may be as black as he pleases upon the
^extreme radical side, or he may be as deeply im-
bued with secession sympathies as any man you
can iind upon the Democratic side—there is no
man who does not desire peace; not peace upon
dishonorable terms, not peace that would destroy
our great Government, not peace that would lay
us in an humble attitude at the feet of traitors;
but peace that shall ma'ke liberty live, pence that
shall establish the eternal pnnciples handed down
to us by our father, the peace of Washington,
the peace of Lafayette, whose images decoiate the
walls of this House: a peace upon piinciples that
will not defame the character of these men, is that
[ would see established in this country; not peace
upon the principles that emanate from the hot-
beds of treason in the South or secession in the
North, f Suppressed applause.] That ts the kind
of peace that i want to see f^tabhsln d. Neither
do i want to see any efforts made that shall at-
tempt to thwart or endanger the success of this
principle.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vallandig-
iiam] has alluded to the result of the late elections
as though that established a peace policy. 1 as-
sure the gentleman, if he entei tains that idea, that
never was nionnl man moie mistaken on <. arth.
The gieat change in public, opinion as evidenced
m these elections results, in my opinion, from a
want of confidence in the manner in which the
war has been conducted, and the blunders of the
Administration. The people of this country have
not abandoned the idea of sa\mg their country, but
they have adopted the idea ofclmngi ng their rulers.
There has been no victory, so far as 1 understand
it, m the State of Pennsylvania, that has been
achieved upon a principle hostile to the mainte-
nance of the Government by a vigorous prosecution
of the war. I learn by all the speeches made by
Mr. Seymour, of New York, both before and since
his election, that he speaks unqualifiedly in favor
of a vigorous prosecution of the war. I do not
believe that any man could maintain a political
position m Pennsylvania for a day who would
declare himself m favor of pence on any terms,
whether with the Governmentbroken, or with the
Government supreme. No, sir; the change of
principles as evinced by the late elections has been
caused by the unfortunate lb«lure in the conduct
of the war; because never was a war so bung- :
hngly managed, from the time of Alexander the
Great down to the time of the great Napoleon.
As to who id to blame, it is no part of the pur-
pose of resolutions to decline. I do not stand
here for crimination or recrimination. Perhaps
the evil was in the removal of McClellan; perhaps
the Administration may have been wrong irt a
thousand other things. But because there hare
been blunders committed in the management of
the war, are we to stand up and publicly abandon
our country and liberty? Great God ! is it to be
supposed that because a campaign has not come
up to the public expectation, we are therefore to
lay down our arms, and sue for peace at the foot
of treason and traitors? Not at ail,Mr. Speaker.
Does it follow, even, that because Abraham Lin-
coln, thePresidentof theUnited States, has issued
a proclamation emancipati ng slaves, therefore we,
as the Democratic party, are to abandon our coun-
try, ate to go in for peace, and allow the Republic
to be rent asunder? Not at all, sir. We must
have time to change all of these matters. The
fact that certain men have triumphed at the re-
cent elections, from their silence and a refusal
to make their views public, furnishes no ground
for believing that the people favor the abandon-
ment of the war and of its great feature, thepres-
ervation and salvation of the country. Politicians
who indulgein this idea will soon find themselves
at fault; a storm is ahead. • Gentlemen who en-
tertain the idea that the recent elections are the
result of a peace policy will find out, if the Army
has to be disbanded, and if the Government is to
be cut in two, what their responsibility will be to
the people of the country; because, as God lives,
there shall be a day of reckoning. The man who
is on the side of his country and on the side of
liberty now, his name and reputation shall live
forever; and that man who says, ".down with
your arms, and let the enemy prosper and take
possession of your capital," shall have a reputa-
tion and memory as infamous and damnable as
that of the Cowboys of the Revolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I say "Amen" to
that.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman from Ohio
says "Amen." God bless me 1 he ought to have
a strait-jacket on him. [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man loan me the one he has been wearing for the
last twenty months?
Mr. WRIGHT. If the gentleman gets on the
jacket I have been wearing, he will have a better
Democratic jacket than he was ever wtapped up
in during bus whole life; and I am of the opinion
he will feel so comfortable that he will wonder in
amazement that he was ever without one like it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Perhaps the gen-
tleman will have the kindness to loan it to me a
little while.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is a reckoning in store
for men on both sides of this question. There is
a record made up of the men who sustain their
country in the hour of its trial. I grant you that
| the Cowboys of the Revolution might have been
|{ very respectable people if King George had but
j j succeeded in maintaining his government over the
jj colonies, but as he did not happen to be success-
ji ful the name of Cowboys and Tories has become
• ' somewhat disreputable. Let their memory be a
!' warning to those m*- n now who in the dark hour
[' of peril and danger lend their sympathies to their
r country's foe. Let them profit by history,
jj So your peace men, when thisgreat Government
j] is restored, as it shall be; you who cry " peace,"
j and stay at home in the enjoyment of ease and
!j luxury, while the sons and brothers of loyal men
] are doing battle manfully in the field and for the
j great cause of human liberty, shall hear a sound
; lungni theireats from the voices of indignant men
; as terrible as that rung in the ears of the Cowboys
I and Tones of the American Revolution. They
! need not think that by their crying peace" our
j Army is to be disbanded, our country destioyed.
j Our Army went into the field for the express pur-
! pose of the preservation of the Union. I differ
' from the Executive of the nation, and I have al-
| ways differed from the ultra men of this House
I who want to make this a war of negro emanci-
; pation, instead uf a war for the restoration of the
, Union. Here was the giand eiior—here arose
1 half our troubles. The Army went into the field
; foi the purpose of restoring the Government. Its
| numbets have reached to ovwr eight hundred thou-
, sand men, luiger than any ai my which ancientor
| modern times have seen. Tnut Army is still in
the field, and its desuny is to preserve the Umou
