THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14.
and protect the ffag; and it has the povyer and the
courage to do so, and will do so. [Applause on the
floor and m the galleries.] I do not care how many
men there may be singing peace anthems, or cry-
ing out at the North that blunders have been com-
mitted in the management and conduct of the war.
The fact that there have been blunders does not
furnish to loyal men any reason why they should
turn their backs upon the country and stretch out
their arms to embrace its enemies. We must get
along with these blunders the best way we canT
We must appeal to the ultra Republicans to let the
negro alone, and to stand by the Constitution and
the Union. Then you will have such a united
power at the North as, when brought to bear and
concentrated against this rebellio'n, will putan end
to it forever.
Mr. Speaker, when I cast my eyes around the
galleries of this House, when I enter a. church on
the Sabbath day, or look around me in the hotel,
how glaringly do I see the evidences of mourning
there. It strikes home to my heart that there is
some great pestilence stalking through the land.
Perhaps out of every ten families at the North
there are not three of them that have not upon the
domestic hearth stone the bloody footprints of
those infamous men who areattempting to destroy
the Government. Their marks are everywhere.
There is not a graveyard from this Capitol to
Maine that does not show its monuments of sor-
row and woe; not a village that has not evidences
of mourning all over it. And yet these damna-
ble outlaws, who have attempted to stab and de-
stroy liberty, have their friends and sympathizers
at the North. They are not "my brothers," in
the cant phrase of northern sympathizers. They
are rebels. It is only loyal men who are my
brothers. [Applause.] Yes, sir, with ali the
great wrongs that they have committed, with the
sufferings that they have heaped upon the nation,
with those red-handed crimes whose enormity
must make even humanity blush, these men have
their friends, aiders, and abettor* scattered ail
over the North, and are held up as public mar-
tyrs. And we ate asked to disband our Anny
for their relief and benefit. On what principle ?
On the principle that if you only leave them alone
six months they will change their policy and
come back again into the Union. Leave them
alone! Was there ever yet a criminal who did
not want to be let alone ?
" No man e'er felt the halter draw,
With good opinion of the law."5
Why, sir,these men's necks ache for the halter.
And yet we are told that they are innocent men; that
they have been pemeeuted. Oh1 to slay our cit-
izens is entirely excusable. They ai e openly en-
couraged to decimate the North, murder our peo-
ple, ravage our seas, destroy the best Go\ ernment
that ever God or man devised. And with these
men we are to make peace upon such terms as
they may prescribe. 1 will make terms with them,
but they must be such teims as shall not destioy
my manhood and my hbeity,and, abo\e all, shall
not destroy my country. None other have they
a right to demand, and none other will the loyal
men of the land ever concede to them. To do so
would be to commit a crime as great as that
charged on the enemy of the Union.
Talk about making terms with these men. You
can make no terms with them that will not come
within one or the other of these alternatives, and
the men who cry " peace" know it. Gieat God !
js not this country, with all the institutions of
civil liberty which our fathers planted upon this
continent, worthy of eveiy effort that men can put
forth to save it? If twenty million men cannot
defend these institutions against eight million
rebels, if they must yield, it must be set down
not to their weakness, but to the degeneiacv of
the age; and it is time for us to repent 111 sorrow
over our depravity and our cowardice. Sir, 1 tell
you we have the men, we have the mon<sy, and
we have the loyalty and courage to accomplish
thatend, in spite of any cry of " peace" that may
come up to us.
When "peace" men ask, can you l^old con-
quered States in subpxgaUon ? 1 say I do not care
how you hold them. 1 do not care what you do
with them m the emergencies of war. They are
in lebeliion now, and the only thing for us to de-
cide for the present is, whether we shall conquer
them or permit them to conquer us. One or the
other event is inevitable. When a thief is caught
in the act of taking your property, and you arrest
him, do you stop to listen to his inquiry, and de-
bate the question what you are going to do with
him? You hurry him off to the magistrate, and
leave him for the officers of justice to dispose of.
It is not at this time a debatable question what
you are going to do with these men. They are in
rebellion; and, as all rebels ought to be, they must
be put down. We can put them down, notwith-
standing all the blunders that have been committed
since the commencement of the war, and notwith-
standing the obstacles we have to encounter. I
know the people of the country arc discouraged
with taxation; they are discouraged by sending
armies into the field to be slaughtered by the care-
less manner in which our campaigns have been
conducted. I know all these things; but 1 have
my eye upon a single object, which is the polar
star of my destiny—the flag of my country and
the gorgeous temple of American liberty; and
when I cannot see and behold them any longer,
may God Almighty blot out its light forever.
No, Mr. Speaker,you cannot preserve or restore
peace by yielding to men who are fighting to tear
down this great temple of liberty. The spirit that
animates such conduct cannot be appeased. There
can be no peace but in their submission. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [M^Vallandigiiam] this morn-
ing talked of a dividing line between the two
sections, and undertook to speak for the great
i Northwest as to the course she would pursue. The
i gentleman could see in the East a dividing line be-
j tween the North and the South in the Potomac,
[ or the Susquehanna: but for the West he saw no
j such line of demarcation, no line of separation
: between the head waters of the Mississippi and
; the Gulf. What was passing, pray, in the gen-
i tleman's brain ? Why can he diseovera natural
boundary between the middle States and the South
and Northwest, and no line of boundary between
the South and Northwest?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let me say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that I advocated no
! such line. On the contrary, 1 sought expiessly
to show that it could not be established.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will tell the gentleman pre-
cisely what infeience could, in my judgment, only
be legitimately drawn from what he did say.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 cannot answer
for the gentleman's inferences. I expressly argued
against any such line; and I beg, if the gentle-
man refers to what I said, he will not misiepre-
scnt me.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a light to draw my own
inferences; and it may tie that the gentleman can-
not show that they are very far wrong after all.
j At all events, the gentleman did say that it wa.s
1 impossible to mark out any houndaiy that shall
I se\er the Mississippi liver m ns course to the
Gulf. Now, whetlmrit bo the destiny of the gteat
. Northwest to unite its destinies with the States of
; the lower Mississippi, time alone will deteunme.
j I should not be sm prised to find that there are
j men residing m the Not thwest wlmseopinionsaie
j in sympathy with those of the South engaged in
I this lebeliion. But in the gentleman's plan for
j the joining of the Northwest with the southern
j Slates in rebellion, he leaves New England, New
j York, and Pennsylvania out.
| Mr. V ALL AN DIGH AM. No, I want them
all to go together.
Mr." WRIGHT. Well, I can tell the gentle-
man he will not get Pennsylvania into any such
scheme as that.
fl Mr. yALLANDfG HAM. I suppose the gen-
1 tleman goes for reunion, does he not?
j Mr. WRIGHT. I go upon the principle of the
, restoration of all the materials that formed this
j Union, without leaving out one State or one Ter-
j Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I ask thegentleman
ji to permit me to say that, in spite of lepeatedcor-
! rections, the gentleman bases his argument, ail the
|' way through, upon the assumption of a position on
!t my part against the whole tenor of my speech.
|' I am for the reunion of all these States, and a
j; hundred more that may be carved out of the lim-
\'t its of this Union. 1 beg the gentleman not again
| to misrepresent me upon that point.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 have no disposition to mis-
represent the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. Speaker-, my policy, as I said a moment
ago, when I was interrupted, is the restoration of
ail the States and Territories, organized and un-
organized, that once were united under our na-
tional flag. I desire to see them all one people,
one Government, one Union, wuh one destiny
and one liberty pervading the whole. That is the
kind of reconstruction I want. I desire to sec no
peace on any other terms. I want no armistice.
Let mc suppose a case. Suppose there is such a
peace declared as the gentleman from Ohio would
ask, or such a peace as those who, two years ago,
were supporting Breckinridge for the Presiden-
cy 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
surely does not mean to indicate that 1 supported
Breckinridge.
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly not. The gentle-
man supported Douglas, as I supported him. I
did not allude to the gentleman.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
seemed to address the remark to me.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, I will look some other
way. I say, suppose a peace is established ? Sup-
pose you declare an armistice for thirty or forty
days? If so, you need never talk about getting
together your armies again. And what would be
the next step? The next step, inevitably, would
be to establish a boundary. How? Where? A
boundary line between the bogus confederacy of
the South and the loyal States of the North. What
line? Have you considered where that line shall
be? Would you make the Potomac the line, and
throw all of Virginia, Maryland, Kentucky, and
Tennessee into the hands of the corrupt leaders
of a bastard government? Would you pass over
the Capitol, and abandon this place, sacred as it has
been made by the assembling within its walls of
the best men who ever drew the breath of life, from
Washington and his compeers down'' Would
you make the Chesapeake bay and the Susque-
hanna the line? If you grant a pea< e or declare
an armistice, depend upon it the establishment of
a line will be the next step in the progiamme.
Then would arise that great question, whether
the Northwest would consent to unite her desti-
nies with Pennsylvania, New York, and New
England.
New England has been made the subject of re-
pioach. She has her Faneuil J-Iall, which, in the
days of the Revolution, responded to the House
of Burgesses. She has Bunker Hill and Lexing-
ton, and her history is united with all the glorious
deeds of the past. Because some>of her people
may have acted under fanatical impulses, we are
not thcrefoie to displace her fiom the chart of
American States.
Then arises the question, supposing that the
Ohio was established as the line, how long would
youi peace last? About as long as the peace of
Amiens, or the peace of Tilsit, and more fatal in
its consequences than the peace which followed
the dismemberment and dcstiuction of Poland.
I prophesy, sir, that if you establish a bound-
ary line between the North and the South, be-
tween free labor and slave labor, it will not be pre-
served for six months. It is shiiuking from our
lesponsibihty, and postponing to our posterity
that which we should meet and dispose of our-
selves. Let us meet this great question now. If
tluee hundred thousand lives of our best young
men have been sacrificed, let us sacrifice three
hundred thousand more if necessary, and putan
end to rebellion forever. [Applause.] It is bet-
ter to make that saciificenow, ten thousand times
over, than to make a dishonorable treaty with reb-
els. As much as I love peace, as much as I covet
it, as much as I would like to see it, how can I,
or any reasonable man, ask or consent to it at the
price of the destruction ofthe Government? Then
so long as peace is dishonorable I say fight, fight
like men, for the restoration of the Government,
and for that alone; fight for the Constitution and
Union; fight for the old flag; fight for human lib-
erty; and with skillful leaders on the part of our
Government to conduct our armies, I have no
doubt that we will prosecute this war to a suc-
cessful close.
This talk about peacc is a delusive hope now.
It is said that a desire for peace controlled the re-
cent elections in Pennsylvania and New York.
There is no foundation for that belief. Take the
New York Herald during the campaign. 1 regard
that as the paper which has umfm rnly taken a
sound position. It has at all times urged a vig-
orous prosecution of the war for the restoration
of the Government, and the Government alone.
