322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
steamers that have like machinery; for instance,
the Juniata, the Housatonic, and the Pensacola.
If the Senator insists on the passage of the res-
olution now, I have no objection; but I think it
had better lie over, so that we may amend it by
including these others.
Mr. BROWNING. I will not insist upon it
now; but I wish to state in a few words why I
offer the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to Us consideration; the resolution
is-before the Senate.
Mr. BROWNING. I was induced to present
the resolution by the perusal of a pamphlet which
I have before me, published by Mr. Edward M.
Dickerson, of New York. I do not know Mr.
Dickerson; I have never seen him; but I have made
inquires respecting him, and am informed that he
is a man of high character and of fine scientific at-
tainments. The style of the pamphlet certainly
indicates a man of intellect. In this paper he
charges that the vessel designated in the resolu-
tion is constructed upon a plan which violates all
the laws of nature, which is inherently defective,
and must necessarily break down without any
accident in a very short time after the machinery
is put in operation. He also charges that all the
new war steamers constructed, and now in pro-
cess of construction, are upon the same plan, and
that if permitted to progress in that way, it will in-
volve the loss of £100,000,000 to the United States
lie charges, in fact, that they are wholly woith-
less, and that it is impossible that machinery con-
structed on the plan of the machinery of these
vessels can be of any value, or can operate with-
out very speedily gome; to rum and destruction.
Now, sir, whether this he true or not, I do not
know. If it is true, we ought to interpose and
arrest further progress in the construction of ves-
sels on this plan. If Mr. Dickeison be a man of
the character that he has been repiesented to me
to be, his statement is calculated to do immense
damage to the Bureau of Consti notion in (he esti-
mation of the pubhc; and it is duo to the Secre-
tary of the Navy that an opportunity should be
afforded to Sum to place this mat'er light before
the country if Mr. Dickerson is nicorrcct in his
statements. On the other hand, if he is correct in
his statements, then the duty is imperative upon
us to mteipose and arrest further progress in this
system of construction. Without pretending to
know whether the statements are true or not, I
have thought it proper to bring the subject before
the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I do not at all wonder at the
inquiry, nor that there should be a very general
dissatisfaction at the results that have been ac-
complished. I do not stand here to defend any
living man; I ha\e but one object m my heart,
and that is the salvation of my country. How-
ever, injustice to the Engineer-in-Chiefwho has
had the"superintendenceof these engines, \ w.ah
to repeat to the Senate a statement which he has
made to me. He says that three or four steam
engines, made on precisely the model and diaw-
ings that these were made on for the Ossipee and
Juniata, worked admirably, and that there was
no fault found with them. In regard to this par-
ticular engine of the Ossipee, he said to me that
they were in want of places where engines of this
kind could bo built; then* was agreatdemand for
them; lie represented to the Secretary of the Navy
that the men who proposed to bund it could not
do so, that they had neither the experience nOr
the skill reqoncd, nor anything exoopt ean'tal; I
believe they were not deficient in that; and he im-
ported to theSecietary of tlm Navy t bat they wov
entirely incompetent to the work. Thereupon the
Secretaiy of the Navy appointed a board of en-
gineers to go and examine and see whether the
reportof the Engineer-in-Chiefwas conecf The
board of engineers thus appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy reported that the paiues wt re
incompetent to do thewoik,nnd that !? wou;u lie
unwise to gi\e them the job of building tins en-
gine. Aff.r that, egamsi the teportof the En-
gmeer-in-Chn f and against the repon of a ixuvu
of engineers that were appointed to make the
examination, the Seeretarv contracted with these
constructors to builu the machinery, and it has
resulted as has been stated.
That is the statement which the Engineer-in-
Chief makes to me, and which, I think, ought to
go out to fl Q country with the remarks which
have been made to the Senate by the Senator from
Illinois. I have, of course, no objection to the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was not in the Cham-
1 the same models, on the'same plans, and under
the same specifications for the Ossipee and the
| Housatonic have turned outto be failures. Whose
fault was it? Was it the fault of the Navy De
ber when the Senator from Illinois presented his j partment? Was it the fault of the chief ot engi-
resolution. This is a question which has beet) !, neenng ? Evidently the difficulty was in the con-
before the Naval Committee, and has been made jj tractors, for either furnishing bad materials for
' " | woiking, or else in the manner or workmanship,
i Now^ how are we going to obviate that? The
| Secretary of the Navy, I am authorized to say,
|j has already instituted a board of engineers, com-
lj posed of engineers attached to the Navy, and
jj some of the most skillful engineers in the country
'i outside of the Navy, to examine all these plans
the subject of moie or less investigation. It is
afFnmed by men of skill that these failures aie
owing to the incompetency of the officers at the
head of these two bureaus, and their want of abil-
ity to so construct vessels on these plans as to
secure success. It is a matter of great import-
ance. We arc about organizing a Navy with an
t * CI A v •'J V 4 5^'-* . 1 ^ ^ ^ ' J ,, 1V4< «i. | ^ , , _
effort almost unparalleled in the world. I sug- ![ and specifications, and to examine the vessels
eest, therefore, to the Senator from Illinois and | themselves, and see where the difficulty rests.
?_ .1- -1 • ' ~r  \T.,„n! AT. , Thp Rpnntor from California nronoses that the
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, the propiiety of the committee inquiring
into these matters," with authority on their part to
send for poisons and papers.
Mr. BROWNING. This resolution is ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Navy only.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I know that; but I de-
The Senator from California proposes that the
Committee on Naval Affairs undertake to pursue
this investigation, and that they have power to
send for persons and papeis. It occurs to me that
we had better leave it with that board of engi-
neers, composed of men attached to the Navy and
civil engineers; because, I confess, that when ex-
sire to make the su^estion now. The chairman perts appeared before me and testified, I should
"J • • • - - ■ I'- be incapable of forming a correct judgment upon
that particular specialty. Other gentlemen on that
i; committee may have more experience and judg-
j; nient; they may be better informed on the subject
i' than I am. After we had got the testimony I
ii should not know what to do with it; but those
men who die familiar with the subject, who have
ij made the science of engineering the study of their
I; lives, would be perfectly competent to judge upon
ji it. It seems to me that that is the proper way of
'■ considering the subject. Tt is not leaving the
whole matter in the control of the engineers of
ij the Navy, and letting that class decide whether
these engines are of the right description or not;
.| but it is bringing to its consideration the best
■ ability and learning that can be found in that
'! specialty outside of the Navy. Still, sir, if the
;j Senator from Illinois desires that the resolution
■■ should be adopted in its piesent form, I nm con-
jj tent that it should; but I will say to him and to the
| Senate that the whole subject has been referred
ji by the Secretary of the Navy to a special board
i'i of engineers, some of whom are attached to the
j! Navy, and some are not.
ji Mr. DROWNING. I think we ought to be in-
[! formed on the subject.
1 j Mr. GRIMES. When the report of that board
!' shall be made we shall he informed; but what re-
|, port can the Secietary of the Navy give to us now?
,! How can he tell whose fault it is?
<1 Mr. CLARK. lie dues not know himself.
|| Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator from New
Hampshire says, he does not know himself, and
he has appointed a special board for the specific
purpose of ascei taming and informing himself.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 do not ask whose fault
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, you do.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GRIMES subsenuenMy said: I move to re-
consider the vote by winch the resolution offered
!>v the Senator Aom Illinois this morning was
adopted. I wiiI state that I simply desire to amend
it so as to include the Pensacola with the other
v^sf.'ls, and then pass it.
The motion to reconsider was adopted; and the
question recurred on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. Now I move to amend the res-
olution, by inserting " and Pensacola," after tb8
word *' Ossi.iee,"
Mr. BROWNING. I think the insertion of
the name of another vessel there would perhaps
be inconsistent with the subsequent provisions of
the r'-soiution. The Senetor from Iowa perhaps
would attain his object bettor by proposing a sep-
arate amend ment to it providing for the inquiry he
desires.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, sir, I move to add to the
resolution:
Aim] Ui.it tli'1 fVcietiuy of the Xavy be aNo directed to
n'jjOsf to 11;< iiat«' a>- to the condition of the United States
w.ir i oinaeoin, and oinbiaeing information upon
all the p'Mn'y above mentioned.
The i>mcndmeiit was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
of the Committee on Naval Affairs is aware that
a proposition was made to have an investigation
of these things before the committee, and it was
set for Monday next, but there is no authority on
the part of the committee to send for persons or
papers, which makes the matter embarrassing.
Mr. BROWNING. You can make that mo-
tion wh'Ti we have disposed of this resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well; I will make
the proposition at some other time.
Mr. BROWNING. I want it distinctly under-
stood that in oif'Ting rhi =; resolution I express no
opinion myself in regaid to this matter, because
I am totally i noiant of it. Nor am 1 assailing
the Chief of tie' Bureau of Const uiction, the Chief
Engineer, the Secretary of the Navy, or any other
person, it is a subject that requires our attention.
I offer the resolution to afford die Secretary of the
Nav y an oppoi limit y to vindicate himself and his
Department, if the fault is not changeable there,
and to set tins matter right before the country;
for if it stand before the country upon the pam-
phlet of Mr. Dickerson and the statements of Mr.
Dickerson, immense injury must result to the
Government from it, and still greater if his state-
ments are true. If they are not true, and go un-
contradicted, they do us infinite injury. If they
are true, and these things are not examined into
and airested, they do us still greater injury. It is
with no hostility to any person, but wnh a desire
to give the Secret.u y of tin-Nav y an oppoitunify
of presenting the math r in the fullest possible man-
ner that he can, and lot that go before the Com-
mittee on Naval Aflairs, who have this subject
befoie thorn for investigation.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection, sir, to the
adoption of this resolution as submitted by the
Senator from Illinois, I am willing to vote for it;
but I think he will not accomplish thcnbjoct which
he seeks. A certain gentlem m—I think the Sen-
ator mentions Ins name as Dh-kcrson—has made
representations m regard to tSiC engines in the ves-
sels of war built recently or being bin It by the
United States Government. I think all declara-
tions coming from any quarter, and especially
from that particular quarter, should he taken with
some grains ofallowance. I hate been informed
—I state tins on report; I do not know how true
it is—that Mr. Dickerson had some interest in the
engine that was put in tlm Ponsacon during the
administration of Mr. Buchanan, and winch, be-
• | foie .she was complex d, cost this Government
(j four or live hundred thousand do-hns; ! hat he ts
t; interested in e.knsd of cut-off which the Engineer-
;| m-Chief of the Navy does not regard as of any
Ji part'cnhir vain*, and hence U may he that some
ofthe suggestions contained b> that namphietmay
hnv" sprung from interested motives
, But i desire to say m connection with this sub-
' jcetji'f rt: jtion to tiwse engines—and 1 have it
.[ 11 n!:i the hi^he^t authontv m tie* iNavv D* part-
! mem—that the engines bunt for the Adirondack,
| ch.- iv-arsar^, the Ossipee, arid the Housafome
v."iv built upon oreciseiy the same models and
it plans. Tho«3c that were Ouilt foi the A.dsiondai"k
and Kearsnrgc were probobiy the b-stover built
for the Government; at any rate, tljej?- piopelled
their vessels at greater speed than any Government
ii vessel had ever been propelled at before—fourteen
ji knots an hour—whilst engines built tipyn exactly
KITTKIIY N A VY-YAJiD.
Mr. HALE. 1 submitted a resolution the day
before yesterday, which, on an objection from
the Senator from Mnine, was laid over. I desire
