1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
who cannot be presumed to have any particular
sympathy with them. Now, 1 ask you to amend
this bill so that when men are taken from their
homes they may at least have the privilege of
electing their company officers, some men from
their own neighborhood, who will look after their
interestand see that they are notswindled by pay-
master, or by those sutlers who follow the Army
as vultures follow the carrion.
That is not all. Men thus taken from their
homes will be placed on board ship at New York
or Boston and sent South, either to be organized
into new regiments or to fill up old ones; perhaps
required to unite with the negro soldiers, made
to report themselves to negro officers, as has been
done m Louisiana and elsewhere in the South.
This is un objection which I have not seen no-
ticed to this abominable bill by its advocates or
opponents in debate. I should like to hear and
know something about these marshals. I should
like to hear a reason, from any friend of the bill,
why it is that these provost marshals, appointed
for the purpose of aiding and assisting the com-
missioners in enrolling the militia prescribed by
this bill, should be charged with the important
duty of acting as spies, as informers upon the
men with whom they may be associated. It is
nothing more nor less than to establish a most
infamous system of espionage throughout the
country.
I have had something to do with these men
called provost marshals. I never felt but once
like shedding the blood of my fellow-man, and
that was last summer, when I was laboring to pro-
mote what I honestly believed the best means of
restoring the Union. A miserable wretch of a
* provost marshal sent a file of soldiers to arrest the
only child I have living with me. She was ac-
cused of being disloyal—and for what? Because
she would notallow this degiaded animal the hos-
pitalities of my house, although she gladly ex-
tended them to every other United States officer
in that region.
I have a thorough aversion for these provost
marshals. 1 foi bear to say more about the arrests
that have been made, almost in every loyal State.
They have made them in my State. Men were
arrested there for no other reason than that they
were freemen, and because they chose to express
opinions against the policy of the party in powei,
against the principles of the confiscation bill and
the emancipation of the slaves as proposed, either
by the power of the Army, by pioclamation, or
purchase by (he United States.
I come now to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunn',1 1 suppose he is in his seat. This
is the second lime he has alluded to the speech I
made at Indianapolis. That speech seems " to
stick in his craw." To satisfy the gentleman, I
will quote a laige part of it.
I made that speech as I make all of my speeches,
without preparation, and so met ime« without much
consistency. I never saw it until after it was pub-
lished. Theie weie three or four men there who
are called stenographers. One eame there from
a Cincinnati paper—I forget the name of it. It
stinks of abolition.
A Mkmbi:r. The Gazette.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The repot r, I know, sir, did
me great injustice. Some scoundrel who was theie
telegraphed to Louisville,'4 Wickliite is sp<-ak-
jrig,and he i-; ^aying thus and so." The editor of
the Louisville Jam mil published a short article:
" If Wickmffe thus spoke, he is as good a rebel
as there is south of the line." 1 have a tolerably
correct report in the Democrat. If it were not
boring the House too much I would like to read
it, so that it might be preserved in the Globe. It
must have been a good speech and a strong speech,
because the gentleman from Indiana believes it
defeated his < lection to Congicss. [Laughter.]
It may benefit the country by showing how a man
may lose his seat in Congress by abandoning a
conservative position and misrepresenting an hon-
est constituency.
An allusion was made to an expression m that
speech about the eOect of the confiscation bill.
It is true I spoke of that bill m terms of strong
condemnation, as I have every where, and I voted
against it, unlike the gentleman from Indiana;
bespoke againstand denounced it in this House,
as I will show, but was afterwards constrained to
vote for it with all its enormities. I said that the
confiscation bill as it passed divided the citizens
of the southern States into six classes—I may have
been mistaken as to the number of classes—the
chairman of the committee will correct me if 1 am
wrong; that in these classes were included every
man and woman in the southern States. I am re-
ported to have said old women and children; that
is a false statement of the stenographer. He re-
ports me as saying old women and children, but
that is a lie. I did say it included all the men and
women. I say so now. In afl these six different
classes the bill does include them in some shape
or other, and their whole estate, real and personal,
is confiscated.
I then asked what would be the effects of such
sweeping piovisions upon defenseless non-com-
batants. The bill deprives a man of all the prop-
erty he has; it does not reave him even a bed to
sleep upon. You take his land, his estate, his
money, everything is liable to be seized by the
Army, and so far as you have attempted to exe-
cute the law by the Army you have literally car-
nod it out. You have stripped plantations at the
South ofeverything valuable by yourconfiscation
bill enforced by the Army. I said that by a war
of this kind, by the enforcement of such a policy,
there could be no union and no peace. I alluded
in that speech to the purposes for which the war
was to be prosecuted as announced in Congress
and everywhere at the commencement. It was
to defend the capital and the Union, it was to
defend the Constitution and maintain the Govern-
ment. I said it had been declared by the Piesi-
dent, by the Secretary of Stale, by his foreign
ministers, by our generals in the field, and by a
unanimous vole in Congress, that the war was
nolto be prosecuted m any spirit of revenge, with
any desire to subjugate the people of the South,
nor with any desire to deprive them of any n^ht
which they had undei the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Staler; that it wa.-i prosecuted simply to main-
tain the authoi ity of the Government, the Consti-
tution and the laws, and that when that wasdone
the war should cease. Every man on this side
of the House voted for a resolution announcing
that purpose, and every man upon the other side
of the llouse except two or three, who absquat-
ulated" because they did not wish to vote for it.
That resolution went before the country, and on
it you appealed to the pati totism of the people; on
it when you called for an army of five hundred
thousand soldieis the people responded by send-
ing you six hundred and ninety thousand in less
than three months. They responded for what?
To save this country, to save this Union, to save
that Constitution which guarantied to every citi-
zen ail Ins rights wherever he might be within the
limits of this broad land.
I asked the people of Indiana—and I never ad-
dressed a crowd of more respectable or truth-
loving citizens, if I could judge by their counte-
nances, than upon that occasion—I propounded
this question to them: " when you sent your sons
and your biothers to this war did you send them
there for the purpose of putting down a rebellious
power in aims, or did you send them thereto
captuie and set free the negroes of this country?"
The answer of very nearly i wen ty t housand voices
was no, not to capture negroes." I asked them,
"aie you in favor of being taxed in order to free
the negroes in Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri,
Virginia, orelsevvheK'?''' They responded, " no."
The gentleman liom Indiana [Mr. Dunn] knows
that ir was by that \ote of his for that confisca-
tion bill and for the freedom of the. negro that his
people lost confidence m him and sent a Demo-
crat to the next Congress in his place. Now, sir,
1 have not done the gentleman injustice; and as he
has done me the honor to have read a part of my
speech, I will reciprocate by asking the Clerk to
rend one or two pauigraphs from a speech of the
gentleman deliveied in this House at the lastses-
sion of Congress. If what I said in that speech
aided in any degree to defeat that gentleman I
ihank God that I made it; I think I have thereby
done the country some service,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why, Mr. Speaker, I
have not occupied half my hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The gentleman occupied seven min-
utes before the recess, and has now had the entire
remaining portion of his hour.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. All I did before the re-
cess was to exonerate General McDowell from a
charge I had made against him. However, I ask
the House to allow the extract I have sent to the
Clerk's desk to be read, and I will be satisfied.
There being no objection, the Clerk read,as fol-
lows:
" Mr. Donn. T was very glad, indeed, to hear the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from New York. This matter ot the
confiscation ofthe property of the rebels and as to the course
to be pursued towards Htates in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment is the most difficult one that we have before Con-
gress, and upon the decision which Congress makes upon
that subject may depend the great question whether or not
this Government shall be restored to us former state of peace
and prosperity. I confess, sir, that I have been greatly
grieved at the haste which has been manifested by the
Hou^e to dispose of a matter of such inportance ; and 1 con-
gratulate the llouse and the country that vvc have just now
laid on the table a bill which would have disgraced the civ-
ilization of the age."
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will read another part
of the gentleman's speech; it is touching. If 1
were in his place and voted for the bill, I would
pray that the remarks made might be obliterated
or the book destroyed:
u It is a Draconian law, and the President Is ordered to
execute it. It matters not how ignorant the soldier in arms
against his Government may be, nor under what delusions
and prejudice!- he may have become involved in the insur-
rection. It matters not that he may have volunteered to perve
in the rebel army to avoid being impressed by the 'shoul-
der tappers* acting under the authouty of a military des-
potism; in his absence, without hii knowledge, with no
opportunity to lay down his ai m-. to escape the penalties of
the law, all Ins pioperty is to be seized, and his wife and
his children, his tather and Ins mother, all who may be de-
pendent upon him or his pioperty toi MibMbtence, are to be
turned out into the world paupers. All his pioperty is to
be seized and sold. Not only—if he ha^ them—his houses
and lands, his'cotton and hit- tob.ieco, bus wheat and his
corn, his sugar and his riee, his cattle, his -swine, his beasts
and implements ot husbandry, but his household furniture,
and the very bed on which his wife and children sleep.
This bill would take from the laniilv of the soldier the cow
that gave them milk, the meal liom their tray. and the meat
from their barrel. It would seize and sell the bed on which
dependent trembling age ie*e> itself, and the covering that
keeps warm the infant sleeping in it  eradle The widow
dependent on a rebel son, the otphan sifter dependent on
a rebel brother, tin' aged and the jonng. the Mck, the halt,
the lame, the lunatic, the imbecile, all aires, sexe^, and con-
ditions, are to be involved in this common ium. It would
strip the rebel- and their families of all their property, de-
prive them ot food, and tin u them out naked into tlie woiid,
a nation of panpeis; and we piotess to be a Christian na-
tion, and ours claims to be a parental Government, and this
is our grand scheme of pacification."
I leave William McKef. Dunn who made this
speech to settle with the William McKee Dunn
who afterwards voted for tlie bill lie denounced.
Mr. DUNN. No, sir, it was not the confisca-
tion bill I voted for at all. It was in reference to
^confiscation hill which had already been defeated
in the House, as the speech itself will show.
I wish further to say in reference to the extract
from the speech made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in Indiana, which I had lead, that it was
from the official report of the proceedings of that
convention as circulated all over the State under
the authority ofthe Democratic committee, so that
if any injustice was done him by it, it was done
by the gentleman's own friends.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I do not complain ofany
injustice.
WKST YIIUtINIA "DISTRICT COUKT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, by unanimous eon-
sent introduced a hill in reference to the district
court of the United States for the western district
of Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
CO N SC 111 PTIO N LL—A GAIN'.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not risen for the pur-
pose of making a political speech. I cannot very
well answer the arguments of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,} for I did not hear
tliein; and I never condescend to reply to vulgarity,
which I understand was liberally accorded to me
by the gentleman from Kentucky, for I hold that
what no gentleman would utter no gentleman
should ever answer.
But, sir, before proceeding with the few remarks
which I propose to make in regard to the bill, I
will submit a proposition to the House in refer-
ence to the final disposition of it, and I ask gen-
tlemen to keep in good humor so that we may con-
sider it. Ipiopose—and 1 shall not myself occupy
! more than half an hour—that nine o'clock this
I cveningthe debate shall cease, that theie shall then
■ be an opportunity afforded for half an hour to offer
