1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendments to the bill and have them voted on
without debate, and that the vote shall then be
taken on the bill without further delay or dilatory
motion. If that proposition shall be agreed to, I
shall be very glad to know that there is a prospect
that we may at some definite time reach the con-
clusion of our consideration of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 do not think we can agree
to reach a final vote upon the bill as early as that.
Mr. STEVENS. What hour, then, will the
gentleman name?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not name any partic-
ular time. I will say, however, that if the bill is
left open for free amendment, I have no doubt
that so far as this side of the House is concerned,
a vote may be reached at a very early hour. I
think there will be no disposition to make a fac-
tious opposition to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman thinks the
time named for offering amendments is not suffi-
cient, I am willing to enlarge it to an hour, with
the understanding that the vote shall be taken
then upon the bill without further delay.
Mr. VOORHEES. I simply wish to say that
1 do not think that half an hour is long enough
time for the purpose of amending a bill so objec-
tionable as this is, and consequently, unless it is
opened for general amendments, which may be
offered in good faith, no more time being con-
sumed than may be necessary to consider them,
I shall object to any other arrangement.
Mr.STEVENS. Will thegcntleman state how
long a time he desires'1
Mr. VOORHEES. I cannot say how long.
Mr. STEVENS. I would say an hour.
Mr. VOORHEES. I can only say this: I pre-
sume that every member standing here as a mem-
ber of Congress, representing a constituency, has
in his own mind a duty to perform; and I am for
standing by him in the performance of that duty
under the rules of this House, and leave the mat-
ter to the gentlemen themselves to determine how
long it will take.
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry that we cannot
get to some amicable arrangement as to a vote,
for 1 would do almost anything to accommodate
gentlemen.
Mr. COX. 1 think that the gentleman from
Pennsylvaniamightas well go on with his speech,
and allow the debate to go on. We shall only
offer such amendments as are proper to this bill,
and in good faith. It may take longer than an
hour to offer these amendments, and it may take
less than an hour. The gentleman will allow
members to decide that. We do not desire to
make any factious opposition in that regard.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have an amendment
which I should like to have the yeas and navs
upon.
Mr. STEVENS. According to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Indiana, and being very
anxious to come to a vote upon this bill at an early
moment, I propose that at nine o'clock, or, if gen-
tlemen prefer it, at half past nine o'clock, all de-
bate upon this bill be closed, and that then it shall
be open to amendment without debate, and when
the amendments have ail been disposed of a vote
shall be taken on the bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I wish to say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that I have
not troubled this House during this session with
any remarks at all. I desire to speak about ten
minutes upon this bill, and I suppose as this mat-
ter stands now, if debate is cut off in half an hour
I shall not be allowed even ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. The time proposed is an
hour and a half hence.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentleman ten
minutes of my time, if there is no objection.
Mr. VOOliliEES. Do I understand that the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania is entitled to an
hour of that tune ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is upon the
floor, and can occupy an hour.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I object to that ar-
rangement, because I know there are several gen-
tlemen who desire to speak, and who are as much
entitled to an hour as anybody else. Hence, 1
shall object to the debate being closed at half past
nine o'clock, because if the gentleman now upon
the floor occupies an hour, sufficient time will not
be allowed to this side of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
so as to provide thatat nine and a half o'clock all
debate be closed, that then the bill be open to
amendment without debate, and that in one hour
a vote shall be taken without further motion.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to lay that motion on the
table.
Mr. VOORHEES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The SPEAKER, A motion to lay upon the
table is not in order upon a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. STEVENS. In order that there may be
no excuse made, I will modify my proposition so
as to extend the time to ten o'clock.
Mr. WADS WORTH. If the gentleman, as a
matter of grace from his hands, extends the time
to us until the crack of doom, as a matter ofgrace,
we refuse to accept it. *
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. STEVENS, Then I renew my motion to
suspend the rules so as to provide that at ten o'clock
all debate shall be closed; that then amendments
may be made for one hour, without debate, and
when disposed of, that a vote shall be taken upon
the bill without further motion.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. By general consent the gen-
tleman can be heard.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Then 1 withdraw the motion
for the purpose of hearing the gentleman.
Mr. MALLORY. I was about to remark only
that 1 do not think my colleague, nor any gentle-
man here, is disposed to make any factious ob-
jection to such a proceeding in^his House as shall
come to a conclusion upon this subject in a reason-
able time. But we have this objection to action
upon this bill now: my colleague who sits by me
[Mr. Crittenden] is feeble, but very anxious to
speak upon this bill in the morning. He cannot
be here during a night session, and therefore we
arc anxious that some early time hp- fixed to-mor-
row morning, when the vote shall be taken upon
this bill. If that arrangement shall be made so as
to suit my colleague, 1 shall have no objection,
and I do not think my friends around me will.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will concur in the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky; I propose
that all debate upon this bill shall be closed atone
o'clock to-morrow, that then for one hour it be
opened to amendment without debate, and then
that a vote be taken without further debate.
Mr. VALLAND1GH AM and others. That is
fair.
do not think there will be
Mr. MALLORY.
any objection.
Mr. "HICKMAN.
tion of that kind.
Mr. STEVENS.
I object to every proposi-
Then I move to suspend the
rules so as to provide thaTat one o'clock to-mor-
row all debate shall cease, and that for one hour
amendments without debate may be offered, and
at the end of that hour a vote shall be taken upon
the bill without further debate.
The question was put; the rules were suspended,
and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have now a few remarks
to make upon the bill. This bill is objected to for
vaiious reasons. One of them is that it is uncon-
stitutional, inasmuch as the militia of the nation
ate to be officered by the Governors of the States.
Sir, it is enough to say that this bill provides for-
no calling nut of the militia. This bill establishes
what is called a national force. Now the militia
of a State are under the regulation of the author-
ities of that State, and they have a right to say
how they shall be disciplined, and how they shall
be armed, and when they are called as militia into
the service of the United States they shall be offi-
cered by the Governors of the States.
This, therefore, being in no sense of the word
a rmhtia force, but a national force, as declared
by this bill, none of the provisions of the Consti-
tution refei red to should stand in its way, because
the provision of the Constitution is thatCongress
shall raise armies. This is a mode of raising ar-
mies. The provision for calling out the militia
for certain purposes is an entirely distinct and
separate provision of power. I have said now all
I desire upon that point.
Now, sir, i say that this bill, in its main fea-
tures, is a beneficent, a benevolent bill. At pres-
ent we know that there are no exemptions when
men are called into the service, except those that
refer to the ability of the party to serve. , That
operates very harshly upon many *nen, who
obliged to leave at their homeswidowed mothers
and aged fathers who are dependent on them for
support. They are drafted and they are obliged
to go, leaving their relatives in this condition. AU
these cases are provided for by this bill, and I h$ve
seen enough in the late draft in Pennsylvania to*
know that its provisions will afford great relief to.*
a large class of persons. This bill exempts from
military duty the only son of a widow dependent
upon him for support. That is a beneficent pro-
vision which does not now exist in the law. This
bill also provides that the only son of aged and
infirm parents who are dependent upon his labor
for their support shall be exempt—a most benev-
olent provision. It also provides that where there
are two or more sons of such parents, and they
are drafted, the father or, if he be dead, the mo-
ther may elect which of the sons shall be exempt.
It exempts also the brother of a family of child-
ren under twelve years of age and who are de-
pendent upon him for support. This embraces
a very large number of very worthy people, while
there is no law now in existence that affords them
relief. If this bill had no other beneficent features
in it than this, that would be enough to commend
it to my favorable consideration and I should vote
for it. I will not enumerate the other beneficent
provisions of the bill. I leave that to others.
There are two amendments which I desire to
have made in this bill, and which I shall offer
under the privilege which has been granted for
amendments, in case no other gentleman offers
them. The bill provides that a person drafted
may be exempt from service either by furnishing
a substitute or by paying a sum of money not ex-
ceeding $300. Now, I think it very necessary that
the amount to be paid shall be fixed by law. I
know that in my district at the last draft men
who, from conscientious scruples, could not and
would not go, who would rather become martyrs
than serve, were so imposed upon by substitute
brokers that some of them were compelled to pay
as high as $1,500 for substitutes. 1 am informed
that some of these substitute brokers in my own
and adjacent counties cleared as high as $10,000
each by trafficking in this business of hiring sub-
stitutes for their neighbors. It is wrong that men
who are entitled to exemption at all should be sub-
jected to these impositions and these extortions.
1 do not know whether the sum fixed upon ia high
enough or not. I suppose it is, but it is very im-
portant that some limitation should be fixed.
But there is a portion of this provision which
I do not and cunnotasseru to. By this law,every
man, whether lie has any conscientious scruples,
or not, who chooses to raise $300, and pay it into
the Treasury, may refuse to serve his country.
1 do not recognize the propriety of conferring such
a right. There are in all countries exemptions for
conscience sak<*, and it is right that there should
be. In my own county a very large number of
our best citizens, our most loyal men, are consci-
entiously opposed to bearing arms. They are
willing to pay their taxes. They would be will-
ing to pay this amount to procure substitutes, but
1 do not believe that they should be forced to vio-
late their conscientious and religious scruples
which have existed from their birth, and which
have descended to them from posterity; and I give
notice that when the proper time comes I will
offer the following amendment as a proviso to
section thirteen:
7'rovWcrf, That no person, unless lie provide a substitute,
shall be exempt fiom service, except as hereinbefore ex-
empted, who will not declare on oath or affirmation that he
is eon-ciciitiously scrupulous aqatnf-tbeai iugarms, and that
such ia and has been hit. deci.ued religion for more than
 years, before such draft.
1 will exempt nobody, so far as I am concerned, ,
from serving his country, excepting those who are
religiously opposed to that mode of doing it. The
rich man who has no conscientious scruples, in my
judgment, has no more right when he is drafted
to lefuse to go and fight the enemies of his country
than the poor man who cannot raise $300 to pay
for exemption. As the bill now stands it amounts
to that. There are patriotic gentlemen very much
m favor of supporting this war, but very much
opposed to giving any means to aid it, who will
take advantage of this provision, and call this a
rich man's bill, made for him only who can raise
his $300, and against him who cannot raise that
sum. I think Fhave seen in certain quarters—I
