324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
honorable Senator from Connecticut to insert at
the head ofhis amendmentthe words " contingent
expenses of the Senate;" otherwise it will come
under the head of contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
go worded, but was not so read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not so understand it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senator from Connecticut who has moved this
amendment to explain it. I do not understand its
purport or object.
Mr. DIXON. The second item of the amend-
ment—the one relating to clerks of committees,
&c.—is rendered necessary by the fact that the
appropriation made last year was insufficient. It
was made much less than that for former years,
by mistake. In the year 1860 the appropriation
was §36,000; in the year 18fi3only f15,000. This
appropriation brings it up to a little over $25,000,
which is about the average. With regard to the
other item, it is in very great part occasioned by
the necessity for extraordinary repairs created by
the use of the Capitol by soldiers during last sum-
mer. The Sergeant-at-Arms was put to very great
expense to prepare this Hall and the surrounding
portion of the Capitol for the use of the Senate.
A large portion of the item comes from that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 understand that the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island, chairman of
the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Anthony,] de-
sires to offer an amendment which is not quite
ready, and if other matters have been disposed of
and there are no further amendments to be offered,
I am perfectly willing to let the bill lie over until
he can have it prepared.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in order
for the Senator to move his amertdment in the
Senate.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Then let the bill be taken
into the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish some further explana-
tion of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Connecticut. 1 do not understand it. I
shouldlike to know how much itraises the amount
appropriated for this specific purpose from what
it has been heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the other
amendments will be regaided as concurred in,
except this. The question is on concurring in
this.
Mr. DIXON. For clerks of committees, d-c.,
I have already stated that it does not increase the
appropnation above the average of expense for
the last five years.
Mr. C4RIMES. I desire to ask the Senator this
question: does it not provide for paving sony
clerks that have not been allowed to committees
during jirecedmg Congresses ?
Mr. DIXON. I think it does not. The Senator
will see that as the appropriation for 1863 was
only $16,000, and that tor 1861 was $2J,000, and
that for 1860 was §36,000, for the same identical
expenses, there is a deficiency of ^10,000 for this
year. By making this appropnation we shall
bring up the appropriation for tho year ISGDfiom
$16,000 to about $2()\00U, which iw $10,000 less
than the sum expended in l^GO, when the Senator
was himself a member of the Senate. There, is,
as I understand it, no additional expense and no
extra expense for extra clerks or extra messen-
gers under this appropriation.
With regard to the other item, the Senator
knows very well that this building was used a? p
hospital during almost tho whole of la&t summer,
and it would be difficult Tor the Senator if he was
not here at the time to conceive the chan°*e which
has taken place m this very Senate Chamber since
last August. The expense of preparing this loom
for the Senate waw very great. As f have said
already, a very large proportion of this appropri-
ation is requ'-s ed to meet expenditures incurred by
th? Sergeant-at-Arms, which were rendered neces-
sary for thru purpose. Some portion of it I will
also state is for what I think ought not to have
been charged to the contingent fund—permanent
repairs of the building; butstdl the bills are brought
in, and we ran do no less than nay them. I think
that the permanent repairs to thia buildingshould
not be charged on the contingent fund; the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings ought to have control
of that portion of the expenditure; but the expend-
iture has been made; the Sergeant-at-Arms has
expended a sum which ought to be reimbursed to
him; other bills are pending, are due; we are
called upon for their payment; they must be paid.
Whether or not the expenditure was properly in-
curred, it is not for me now to say. I think a
large portion of it should have come from another
quarter, and not have been charged to the contin-
gent fund; but 1 believe they were necessary
expenses.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nov/, I am willing that
the bill be laid over until to-morrow. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
Military Academy appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (IT. It.
No. Gil) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, ]864, was considered, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to reduce the appropriation " for forage
of artillery and cavalry horses" from $8,640 to
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
Foi wanning apparatus for academic and other build-
$^830.
The amendment was agreed to.
The jiext amendment was in the clause, " for
enlargement of chapel and replacing roofs of aca-
demic buildings, ^10,000;'5 to strikeout" enlarge-
ment of chapel and," to strike out " ten" and in-
sert " four,5'and to add to the clause this proviso:
Piovulcd, That the walls ot'said buildings rue, in the opin-
ion of tin; oiipcjiutendentjStiongenougli to bear the weight
ot a Male loof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout the fol-
lowing clause:
For liffimr in "-oath wliaif, building boat-house thereon,
and impiovmg appioaehes tlieieto, .<£4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WADE. 1 have so often expressed my
opposition to bills of this character, and to the
policy of appropriating money for the establish-
ment and suppoi t of this institution, that 1 do not
propose to take up time now to argue against it.
I know the institution has been of no use to the
cointry; so far from it, sir, I believe,and I have
so expressed myself before, that if there had been
no W"sf Point Military Academy, there would
have been no rebellion. That was the hotbed in
which rebellion was hatched, and from thence em-
anated your principal traitors and conspirators.
Nearly half of the men that have been educated
in that institution for military purposes, to assist
the Government in times of trouble and of war,
have deserted you, and arc now exerting the skill
which they acquired there to carry on warforihe
subversion of this Government. It needs no ar-
gument to show that when the fruits of any insti-
tution are like those of this, there is something
fundamentally wj-ong about it. Every man knows
it is perfectly anomalous in chamctcr; it is not in
harmony with the liberal and republican principles
of our Government; it creates in itself a kind of
monopoly, a military aristocracy; and our Army
is to-day laboring under obstructions which have
their oiigin there. Courts-martial and courts of
inquiry, which have been sitting for some weeks
past, havp developed dangerous and injurious
pet'y jealousies that arise from it; and it is time
that an end were put to it. In my judgment, sir,
there is no more necessity for an institution like
this, in which the Government^ducntes men for
war, than there is forinstitutionssupported by the
Government to educate men to make harness, or
wagons, or other things that are requisite for ar-
tillery and cavalry. If there were no such gov-
ernmental institution, men who havean inclination
and a genius for the art of war would undoubt-
edly turn their attention to it; and their laudable
ambition would lead them to becomc masters of
the science, if science it be. But how is it now?
Men get into the institution by mendicant solicit-
ation, that they may be educated and broughtup
at the cost of the Republic; and their natural quali-
fications, the turn of their minds for the object de-
signed, are not taken into account; the position is
only sought that they may " sponge" an educa-
tion out of the Government. Experience has de-
monstrated that the greater number of them are of
no use whatever to the Government; so far from
it, they are really obstructions in the way of others,
to the deterioration of the great Army now in the
field. Take away this monopoly, remove the evil
which arises from the precedence given to the men
educated there, and undoubtedly military genius
will be found to spring up out of the ranks that
will excel all that has ever emanated from that
close corporation, and that has cost so much.
But, sir, when I rose I said that it was not my
purpose to argue the question again; I merely
rose to call for the yeas and nays on the passage
of this bill, as I desire once more to record my
vote, if I do it alone, against this appropriation.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree with
the Senator from Ohio that there are some evils
connected with West Point, but I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken in regard to its influence upon
the loyalty of its graduates. In 1861, when the
rebellion broke out, we had eight hundred and
twenty West Point officers in the Army of the
United States. Since that time one hundred and
ninety-seven have resigned on account of the re-
bellion; nineteen of those weie from the loyal
States, and several of them are in the rebel army.
One hundred and seventy-eight of these disloyal
officers that resigned were from the slaveholding
States. About two hundred out of eight hundred
and twenty resigned, leaving about six hundred
and twenty in the Army who have remained loyal
to the flag of the country. About one fourth have
resigned, because they were disloyal to the coun-
try. One hundred and thirty-three officers from
the slaveholding States where the rebellion exists,
or States where there was some considerable por-
tion of disloyal men, have lemained loyal and true
to the country; fifty-two of those officers now serv-
ing or who have served during the rebellion are
from the seceded States, and have remained true
to the country. I think this fact goes to show that
the men educated at West Point have been quite
as loyal as the men of the country generally, no
more, no less. &
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would ask the Senator
a question: whether it is not a fact that a larger
proportion of persons who went into the Army
and took commissions from the seceding States,
who were not educated at West Point, have not
resigned and become traitors, than of those edu-
cated at West Point?
Mr. HARRIS. Nearly all of them.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Thatiscer-
tainly so. Nearly all the men who were appointed
to the service from civil life, from the disloyal
portion of the country, have left the service.
Now, sir, I make this statement simply to show
that West Point is not a nursery of treason; that
the men educated at West Point have been as true
to the country as men educated i« other institu-
tions, and for other walks of life. Many of them
have followed the fortunes of their portion of the
country; many have been dragged out of the Army
by the political leaders in their section of the
country.
There are evils connected with the school. I
think there is an exclusiveness about it, a sort of
an assumption of superiority among its graduates
m the Army that is sometimes very ollensive. I
think we have seen it m this war, that there has
been an assumption, an assumed superiority on
the part of some of the persons educated at West
Point over persons entering the Army or the vol-
unteer service from civil life, that is very offens-
ive, for it cannot be supposed that the graduates
of an institution like West Point, where the cadets
are selected as they are selected, can embody all
the brains or all the talent of the country. It is a
fact, patent to the whole country, that the officers
m the service educated at West Point, although
they have a larger experience than men from civil
life, and understand the petty details connected
with the Army, have evinced no marked superi-
ority over many men taken from civil life who are
serving the country.
