1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
need not name them—indications that gentlemen
are keeping quiet upon this point now, and that
when the bill is passed 'they will charge this sin
upon the heads of the Republican party. But in-
dependent of the question of policy, to my mind,
justice requires that the amendment which I have
suggested shall be made, and hence it is that at
the proper time I shall offer this amendment.
There is another amendment which I desire to
see made; and that is, to strike out the following
proviso to the thirty-seventh section:
Provided, That the grade of supernumerary second lieu-
tenant and two teamsters for each company, and one chief
farrier and blacksmith for each regiment, as allowed by
said section of that act, be, and they are hereby, abolished.
I have no objection to the law being so mod-
ified as to abolish the grade of second lieutenant
in all future organizations of the Army, but, to
my mind, it would be great injustice to abolish it
and castall the men now in the Army in that grade
out of the service. The second lieutenants have
generally been the men who have raised compa-
nies. I know they have done so in my district,
and I suppose they have in others. They have
been at considerable costforequipments and have
spent a great portion of their time under the reg-
ulations of the law as they then existed. I can-
not consent now to throw them out of the service
by a provision of this kind. I will not object to
the section if it can be modified so as to affect only
companies hereafter organized, but unless that is
done I shall be obliged to move to strike out the
whole section.
Now, sir, a word or two as to the necessity of
this bill. We have been asked over and over
again what is the necessity for it and what has
caused that "necessity. Well, sir, I think I could
give some reasons for its necessity. I do notthink
that you can at this moment obtain volunteers to
fill up your Army. The clamor of this House,
and the clamor of the Democratic party out of the
House have so frightened a timid Senate that it
has not dared to pass the bill which tins House
sent to it, which would have supplied the deficiency
and given us half a million of recruits. We must,
therefore, do without that bill, and the passage of
this bill is now the only remedy that I see for the
evil. There are reasons why we cannot procure
volunteers. Had we been united in wishing hon-
estly to put down this rebellion, had the Whigs,
the Republicans, and the Democrats of the free
States acted with an honest instead of a pretended
desire to crush this rebellion, and united in urging
on the people the necessity, propriety, and duty
of sustaining the Government, there would have
been no more necessity for this bill now than there
was when the first call was made.
But, sir,it is a fact not to be disputed, that for
the last six or nine months a whole party, a strong
party, has deliberately entered into a combination
to discourage, to prevent, and as far as in it lay,
to prohibit the volunteering of the people of the
country as soldiers in our Army. Members of
that party have gone from house to house, from
town to town, and from city to city, urging their
brethren not to enlist in the armies of the nation,
and giving them all sorts of reasons for that ad-
vice. One of these reasons is that it was an abo-
lition war; that it was " a war for the nigger,"
as the slang phrase is. But the most evident mo-
tive, and the real motive of these men was, that
by getting Democrats to stay at home, and help
them to carry the elections, they could acquire the
ascendency and obtain control of the Government.
Hence it is that where this advice has been fol-
lowed we have been exultantly told that the peo-
ple have spoken and condemned this war. Sir,
the people spoke, such of them as were at home;
and the Democratic party being all at home, few
of them being in the armies of the country, they
spoke. But had the soldiers who are now lying
on the cold field been at the polls at the late elec-
tion, I hesitate not to say that a large majority
of the members of the next House of Represent-
atives would have been Republican, as this House
is. There ean be no doubt of the fact.
But, sir, the soldiers were not allowed to vote,
except in the elections of one or two States, wheie
the result that I have hinted at took place. Of
course, the Democrats being at home, and those
who would have voted with the Republican party
being in the Army, the Democratic party suc-
ceeded, in my county we had a canvass of the
number from cacli party in the Army. From Lan-
caster county alone there was, according to au-
thentic returns,dmajorityofforty-two hundred and
eighty republicans over Democrats in the Army.
Perhaps the disproportion might not have been so
large in some other districts, but it was very large
in all the adjoining districts. That is one of the
reasons why gentlemen now tell us so exultantly
that the people have spoken. Yes, sir; dema-
gogues and those who followed theiradvice spoke.
The soldiers who were in the face of the enemy
had their mouths closed. They have not spoken.
I do not say that there are not many loyal Dem-
ocrats in the Army. I know that there are. I
know that there are very many, but nothing in
comparison with the number that would have been
in the Army had they been left to themselves.
Now, sir, I do not intend, a^ I said before, to
make a very long speech. Objection is made to
this bill on account of the provision with regard
to the provost marshals reporting " treasonable
practices." The deputy marshal here referred to
arrests nobody. There is no provision in the bill
by which they are to do anything more than keep
an eye on the traitors and report them to the
proper authorities. Gentlemen on the other side
do not like that kind of machinery. They do not
like to have the traitors watched and reported to
the proper authorities, not because they have any
sympathy with them, but because they think it
criminal to watch innocent men who do nothing
but try to save the country and prevent the de-
struction of its liberties, and to have them re-
ported. I think, sir, that I shall move, if nobody
else does, to strike out the phrase " treasonable
practices," so that the bill may not be quite so
stringent as it is ift>w.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to show how it is that men
are dissuaded from enlisting, i will read an extract
or two from the speech of a most respectable and
leading member of the Democratic party, which
was made recently in the State of New Jersey:
'• I will tell lain, as the profound conviction of my judg-
ment, that whatever may have been possible in the begin-
ning, the day has gone by when a war foi the restoration
of the Union can, by any possibility, be successful."
A little further on, he says:
" Shall the Democratic party be induced, for one moment,
to strike hands with those who desire to change the pur-
poses of the Administration, and bring it back again to a
war for the Union, when the whole people united cannot
accomplish anything before the 4th of March, 1865 i Will
the war continue dming that time ? [< Never, never,' from
all parts of the room.] Will you send out your sons again
to the battle field? [Overwhelming cries, 'no, never!']
Shall they be con*cripted to carry on this war for two years
more, and for the negro ? No, never!']"
Are gentlemen at a loss to know why it is that
thcpcopleof thisnation will not volunteer to serve
the country in the Army when such leading men,
the very head and front of a great party, are giv-
ing such advice and calling forth such responses?
Again, he says:
" Shall we do this with the vain, futile, absurd, and most
unfounded hope that alter the 4th of March, 1865, after tour
years of such war as God Almighty never permitted to
scourge any land, >ou will go back again to a war for the
Union? [' No, no.'] ft has been proclaimed that it never
was their [the rebels'] purpose to invade the northern
States. It !•- very true that if tlu.s war is- kept up, battles
fought, no relenting spirit, no prospect of peace, no sound
of peace to reach their ears, they ought to be induced to
make that invasion."
And yet, Mr. Speaker, these leaders are loyal
men, all loyal men, advising Democrats not to
strike for the Union, and declaring that the res-
toration of the Union is impossible.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me a word at this
point?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gen-
tleman will give me an opportunity to correct a
very gross misreport contained in that part of the
speech which he has just read.
Mr. STEVENS. I will, certainly, for it is a
very grave charge.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is a very grave
charge. I concur with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in that. It is a sentiment to which I cer-
tainly never gave utterance. I corrected it the
next day by a card in the New York Tribune. 1
do not know whether the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has seen it. I would have preferred that
he had lead the card instead of the erroneous re-
port.
What I did say was, that if the confederates
attempt to invade us we will wiite for them pre-
cisely the history they have been writing for us
during the last two years; that we will then be
able to give them two or three Bull Run's north to
adorn their history in return for what they have
given to tfs. I said further, in the same connec-
tion, that if the war went on indefinitely, with no
prospect of peace, no sound of concord, no prop-
osition or prospect of settlement in the future,
they might possibly attempt to invade the north-
ern or western States; but it never entered my
mind, I never conceived for a moment of such a
thing as to give utterance to the sentiment that
" they ought to be induced" to invade the North.
I am sure that they themselves regard the inva-
sion of their soil by our armies as the strongest
justification of their resistance.
I have said that the moment any man from the
confederate States in hostile array sets his foot
upon the soil of Ohio, as, in fact, was threatened
last fall, that I was ready; and I have so declared
at home last summer, in a public assembly, the
only " war meeting" I ever addressed; it was a
meeting for defense at the time Cincinnati was
menaced. Sir, I would meet them, as I would
any other invaders, with the sword in one hand
and a torch in the other.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not take this report from
the New York Tribune. If 1 had,l might have
supposed that, as they are not entirely the friends
of the gentleman from Ohio, there might be some
mistake. I took the report I have read here, and
thatismyjustification,from the New York World,
which has gone on to praise the speech.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is a mis-
take.
Mr. STEVENS. Here it is, with the words
New York World, at the head of the paper.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to correct him. That is only
what the reporter says.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield further. I state
as my justification that I read it from the New
York World, because I see that paper has very
highly eulogized the gentleman from Ohio, and
has everywhere referred to his speech in the most
laudatory style. This paragraph, as reported, I
find in the World just as I have quoted it.
Mr. WOOD sought the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I cannot yield any
further in reference to this matter.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to state that the New
York World does not speak the sentimentsof the
New York Democracy.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I trust the gentle-
man will yield to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I decline to yield.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, sir, the gen-
tleman is utterly mistaken. He must not quote
the New York World as a paper friendly to me.
It has repeatedly assailed or misrepresented me,
even since it was " bought up," press, fixtures,
editor, and all. I denounce it as an abolition pa-
per in disguise—a craft sailing under false colors,
and warn the Democracy of the Northwest against
it. I have borne its attacks long enough. [Cries
of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, it is entirely imma-
terial. 1 will strike that count out. The other I
have read is at least first-cousin to it. In every
respect there is so little difference, the consan-
guinity is so striking, that I cannot see the import-
ance of quibbling about that particular sentence.
Sir, the whole of it if spoken anywhere else than
under this Government would come very near to
" treasonable practices," and therefore I intend
to strike out that expression; [laughter;] for the
partition between treason and treasonable prac-
tices, and between treasonable practices and the
sentiments of that speech, is so very thin that any
deputy provost marshal not learned in the law,
not skilled in these nice distinctions, would be
very likely to do great injustice by reporting the
gentleman. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I have a word more to say. We have
| been told upon this floor—and I am very sorry for
it—that one of the causes of our being unsuccess-
ful in this war was that General McCiellan was
dismissed from the Army, and that the true way
to success in the future was to restore him. I did
not wish to be obliged to say anything about that
gentleman; but he has allowed himself' to be made
; tlu basis of Democratic opposition to this Admin-
