1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
All this assumption, all this exclusiveness, all
this arrogance, that has been commented upon by
the Senator from Ohio, I suppose, meets the ap-
probation of no considerable portion of the coun-
try; but, after all, it is to some extent inherent in
an institution organized as this institution is.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, I certainly
differ very materially from the views of the Sen-
ator from Ohio in relation to the utility of this
institution. He has put a new phase upon the
evils which are said to have resulted from it, and
he has attributed to it the cause of the rebellion.
I have heard it stated on this floor, and at the
other end of the Capitol, over and over again,
that slavery was the cause of the rebellion. It
seems now that the Senator, in order to accom-
plish his purpose, to make an attack upon this
institution, proposes to saddle the cause of the
rebellion on a mere institution intended to educate
young men, to make them serviceable for the in-
terests of the countiy. Sir, I suppose southern
men who were in the Army, and had graduated
at West Point, were actuated by the same feelings
and the same sentiments as southern men in other
walks of life. The argument which the Senator
from Ohio presents against the institution is an
argument against the Senate of the United States;
it is an argument against the House of Represent-
atives. We know that treason was incubated and
hatched among these very seats that we now oc-
cupy; here they took the initiative, and we know
that they were not all graduates of West Point.
We know that people in all the various walks of
life adhered to the section of the country from
which they came, and it was no more general, and
treason was no more widespread in the Army
than it was in any other class of people; and so
far from the rule applying strictly to West Point,
as has been very correctly stated by the Senator
from Massachusetts, at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maine, there were more appointees in
the Army from civil life who resigned and went
into the rebellion, in proportion, than there were
of West Point graduates.
I think the Senator from Ohio underrates the
ability of this institution, and I think lie under-
rates the services which have been rendered by the
gallant soldiers who have been graduated there.
It has been said that General Scott believed, or
stated, that the Mexican war was cut short per-
haps ten years in its career by the valuable services
which were rendered by the graduates of West
Point. I know, sir, in mo<t walks of life there is
an opposition to what the Senator has called a
monopoly. I am in favor of throwing open all the
professions, as far as possible, to the competition
of every man in the country; but a military edu-
cation, andaknowledge of the sciences connected
with it, in order to render men useful in the scien-
tific corps, are a practical and absolute necessity.
They have existed in all ages and in all countries.
Men do not acquire military talents and military
education as they catch the measles or the small-
pox, nor do they get it by inspiration. We road
that in ancient times they had very great improve-
ments on our present system of war, in some re-
spects; but those were derived from inspiration.
For instance, Moses is represented to have been
a very great commissary and quartermaster; he
had fresh manna every morning and no transpor-
tation. [Laughter.] There was a very apparent
advantage over our present system of conducting
war. They also used ranis' horns for blowing
down walls, and seated their enemies off by the
sound. But that soit of inspiration is not had by
soldiers of the present day. Wats arc not con-
ducted in the same way; and the inspiration which
the Senator from Ohio suggests is possessed by a
great many enterprising young men, is not to be
found now; and therefore we have resorted to the
means of education. While 1 am no particular
friend of West Point, I have been brought in con-
tact very much with the officets who have gtadu-
ated tlieie; I have known something of their use-
fulness; and whatever may be said of those who
have been guilty of treason and withdrawing from
the Government and lending their talents, their in-
fluence, and ability, and that knowledge which
was acquired at the expense of the Government,
to the prosecution of this rebellion—for these men
I have no defense, I have nothing but execration—
those who have lemained loyal and who have de-
voted their talents and abilities to the piosecution
of this war against the rebels, are entitled to the
highest meed of praise, and I certainly think that i
the sweeping censure of the Senator from Ohio is
unjust and undeserved.
Why, sir, look at some of these men: I will
merely refer to a few names of men graduated at
West Point who have sacrificed their lives in de-
fense of their country. I presume that their his-
tory, at least, is secure. I may name Greble,
Winthrop, Lyon, Stevens, Mitchell, Mansfield,
and Reno, as a few of those who have not proved
themselves traitors. Sir, we may say of them:
"How sleep the brave, wlio sink to rest
By all their country'o wishes bless'd !
When Spring, with dewy finger colli,
Returns to deck their hallow'd mold,
She thcie shall diess a sweeter sod
Than Faney's feet have ever trod.
" By fairy hands their knell is lungs
By forms unseen their dirge is sung;
Theie Honor comes, a pilgrim giay,
To bless the turf that wiaps their clay j
And Freedom shall a while repaii,
To dwell a weeping liermit there.
Mr. WADE. It requires considerable poetry
to make this go. [Laughter.] I am not very
much acquainted with the tactics of Moses nor
with the inspiration that ancient warriors had, but
1 feel that this institution has had no particular
inspiration at all from any sourcc. if J oshua had
the art of blowing down walls with rams' horns,
he did much better than the West Pointers are
able to do at the pie&cnt time. With all their im-
provements upon ancient inspiration, I have heard
of but very few walls that have been battered, down
by them.
I do not rise, sir, for the purpose of proclaim-
ing to the world that there have not been merito-
rious officers in the Army who hav<£ graduated at
this institution. I know that there nave been a
great many, whom I honor as highly as the Sen-
atororanybodyclse; because when a man proves
himself to be a patuot and a soldier, 1 am not the
person to stand here or anywhc^ else to criticise
the place from which he came. Against all the
disadvantages of this close corporation, there have
been men educated at this institution who have
done great honor to the country; and they w ould
have done greater still if they had not been tram-
meled by its education; and there would have
been a hundred of them where there are ten now.
The education of this institution is calculated to
make nothing hut engineers. I have no doubt it
is a vciy good school for engineering; but to make
a commander to take charge of your Army in the
field, it has not one single qualification; nor do its
pupils learn anythingof that kind there,and they
have no oftener shown talent in that direction than
have those who enteied the Army from outside of
the institution, and not as often. They make
good engineers and good drill sergeants, if they
have been attentive to their studies; butas a gen-
eral rule they are not fitted for higher occupations.
Prom the habits and principles derived from this
institution, they put on airs; and the country ad-
judges them capable of everything, and they ad-
judge themselves as still more than capable of
everything.
I do not disagree very much with the Senator
from Massachusetts, the head of your Military
Commute'1, who says that this is a close corpora-
tion, and that the graduates from this institution
take upon themselves airs of superiority tluithave
become exceedingly invidious. What is your little
knot here? How much can they do towards car-
rying on the great war in which you are engaged ?
Your old Army, with these men atits head, never
was more numerous than some fourteen or fifteen
thousand men; and now, with eight hundred thou-
sand men in the field, how far does this close aris-
tocracy go except it is to tend to create rivahies
and heart-burnings here? And that very invidious
distinction, winch the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts says they make between themselves and
other men educated outside of this institution, is
most detrimental to the progress of your armies.
He admits it, he feels it. So does every man who
is observant of the course of our Army. What
have your court-martials here disclosed except
the petty jealousies that have arisen^ inside the
circle of the graduates of this institution, utterly
detrimental to the public service?
The Senator from Massachusetts says that no
more of these men have proved themselves trai-
tors than of men outside of the institution. Sir,
I can hardly understand how he makes that ap-
pear. I know but very few northern nxenwh.o
have proved themselves arrant traitors. ' He tel]$
rac—1 did not know it before—that so*p6
or sixteen graduates of this institution fro
northern States, who were educated at the
of the public Treasury, who were takea by t&9
hand in their youth by the Government, gtyefi t%
best education that it could bestow upon thrift,
and warned to uphold the flag of the country
against all opposition, have "yet turned recreant
and proved themselves traitors to the country*
Can you find that proportion of any northern com-
munity, outside of the graduates of this institu-
tion, that have become arrant traitors to
country?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very much more.
Mr. WADE. Who are they, and where have
they come from ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so with nine out of
ten of the noitheru men who have settled in the
South. The officers to whom the Senator alludes
were men who had gone South, married, and ac-
quired property there, and who chose to st$y
there. Now, there are men who went South from
his own State, certainly it is so with men who
went from my State, from all portions of New
England, and from other States in the Union, and
i settled in the South as merchants and in other o'c- "
j cupations, who are hand in glove with the le,ad-
| ers of the rebellion, and arc the worst men there.
| Mr. WADE. I do not dispute that. That is
! a very general statement, however, and it does
! not do much towards the arithmetic of settling
this matter by numbers. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts spoke of numbers. I have no do.ufyt
that men have gone from the North to the SQUth
and turned traitors there; but when the Senator
tells me that some fifteen or sixteen northern men
who were graduates of this institution, turned rec-
reant to the Government that had brought them
up; were ungrateful to the hand that had fed them;
ungrateful to the flag which they had sworn to
support, I say it is an evidence of recklessness,
of perjury, of ingratitude, that is unparalleled in
the history of the world. You cannot find it in
any other institution; you cannot find it in the
populations outside of this institution. The Sen-
ator's mode of estimating is to me exceedingly
unsatisfactory. I wish the rule he has adopted
was a good rule, to estimate the number who are
treacherous to their flag in the way that he has
estimated; and how is that? He takes it for
granted that every man who has not resigned Ilia
place in the Army is a loyal man. I wish to God
it were so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not take that for
granted.
Mr. WADE. The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs made that the rule for calcu-
lating the number that were true to the country,
by giving the number that remained in the Army.
Sir, this institution would be infinitely more harm-
less than it is now if that were a good test. 1 fear
that you have hundreds in your Army to-day,
who are wearing your uniform, eating the bread
of the Government, and standing under its flag,
that are treacherous and rotten at heart, and are
doing us infinitely more mischief than any num-
ber of them who have turned traitors and resigned
their commissions. The figures presented are no
test even as to numbers.
Mr. GRIMES. On the same principle, you
should abolish the Treasury Department because
, traitors have been employed in it.
;i Mr. WADE. No, sir; you must not abolish
ji the Treasury Department if you arc going to keep
!! these leeches. They live on the Treasury; they
i; have their being in it.
|| Mr. President, I agree with the Senator from
;! Massachusetts that there are some things con-
j! nected with an institution of this kind that vould
I be useful to the Government were they not infi-
I: nitely counterbalanced by the evils that he him-
;! self suggests. He agrees with me that it isanonia-
jl lous, out of harmony with all the other institutions
! of our G o vernment, creating a kind of aristocracy,
! leading men to put on airs and to look down upon
theit fellows in the Army who were not educated
there, creating rivalries and heart-burnings that
'' aie totally incompatible with the public service,
j! These evils stand admitted here. How are they
i! counterbalanced?
i' The Senator from Oregon supposes that if this
i! institution were abolished wc should go back to
