1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
istration and this war, and I therefore feel justi-
fied in one or two remarks in reference to him.
in my judgment, one of the great causes of our
want of succcss in th« war was that he and
other strong Bieclunridge Democrats, without
any heart or disposition in this war or desire to
'crush the rebellion, have been at the head of our
armies. I will mention two or three things which,
instead of restoring him to the command of the
Army, ought, in my judgment, to restore him to
a position perhaps as exalted in locality, but a
much less comfortable place. [Laughter.]
GeneralMcClellan,and 1 speak from the record,
went to Yorktown at the head of the army of the
Potomac. Early after he arrived there, when but
few of the enemy had made their appearance, he
was peremptorily ordered by the President of the
United States to attack the enemy and break
through their lines. He paid not the least regard
whatever to that order, and evinced no disposition
to move again. When he was ordered to return
from the peninsula to relieve General Pope, who
was in great danger, having gone to create a
diversion for the relief of General McClellan's
army, he remained for eleven days idle before he
started, and then moved at such a snail's space,
and after he arrived at Alexandria sent forward
his troops under the command of one of his pet
generals in such a way, that theynever reached the
battle-ground until too late to save our arms from
disaster. The general employed by him on this
occasion, after full investigation and trial by a
court-martial, has been summarily dismissed from
the Army as being the cause of that defeat.
General McClellan was at that time relieved of
his command, but such was the clamor amongthe
Democracy that the President—honest man, a
brave man too, but willing to yield everything for
conciliation—reinstated him and ordered him to
pursue the enemy, who were then invading Mary-
land. He started after them with an army of one
hundred and twenty thousand men before him,and
marched that army at the rapid rate of six miles
a day until they stopped and he came up with
them. [Laughter.] He then fought the battle of
Antielam. It was a quasi victory, but notwith-
standing that, while the enemy were in sight of the
vtver and while he was within cannon-shot of the
enemy ho suffered ^hem all to cross the river,
which was done by them deliberately and success-
fully to the last man and the last ambulance, and
never attacked them. That, however, may have
been want of judgment; but shortly after he has
ordered by the Commander-in-Chief of our armies
to march over after he had got his army recruited
and attack them in the valley of Virginia. For
three weeks he never moved a soldier, and then
crossed over at another point, putting the South
Mountain between him and the enemy. Now, sir,
these facts in respect to his disobedience of orders
which I have mentioned are upon the records as
they are officially published.
But he began that description of conduct very
early. When he first came to the command of the
army of the Potomac the venerable Lieutenant
General was then in command as his superior
officer. He disobeyed the orders of the Lieutenant
General to an extent which so grieved him as to
contribute, I understand, very materially to drive
him from the service. I ask that the letter of Gen-
eral Scott may be read.
Mr. M ALLORY. What letter is that ?
Mr. STEVENS. It is a letter on file in the
War Department.
Mr. COX. How does the gentleman get it?
Mr. STEVENS. It was furnished to the
Senate.
Mr. COX. Is it the original?
Air. STEVENS. No, it is a copy.
The Clerk read, as follows:
heanqt* 4rter8 of the army,
Washington, October 4, 1861.
Sir: You art1,1 believe, aware that I hailed the arrival
here of Majoi Gencial Meridian as an event of happy con-
sequence to the country and the Aimy. Indeed, if I did
not call for him. I he.utily approved of the suggestion, and
gave him the most coidial reception and Mippurt.
He, however, had lmidly entered upon his duties when,
encouraged to eommumeate dsrecth with the President and
certain membeis ot tin- Cabinet, lie in a few days torcjut j
That lie h.id any intei in« diate commander, and has now lone 1
prided Imnsei! mtieatin? me with umfoim negleet. running '
into di-ohi'dieneo of oideiv. ;
Of the smaller mattms, neglect*, though in them'tIves }
grave military offense*, ( need not speak, in the lace of the i
following: " „ .
To suppress an irre$ulauty, more conspicuous in JVjajor !
Genera! McClellan than in any other officer, I published
the following:
Headquarters of the Army,
Washington, September 16,1861.
General Order? No. 17.]
There aie ii regularities in the correspondence of the
Army winch need prompt correction. It is highly import-
ant that junior officers on duty be not permitted to corre
ppond with the General-in-Chief, or other commander, on
curient official business, except through intermediate com-
manders ; and the same rule applies to eoirespondence with
the President direct, or with him through the Secretary of
War, unless it be by the special invitation or request of the
President.
By command of Lieutenant General Scott.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
•Assistant Adjutant General.
With this order fresh in his memory, Major General
McCMIan addresses two important communications to the
Secretary of War, on respectively the 19th and QOth of the
same month, over my head, and how many since to the
Secretary, and even to the President direct, X have not in-
quired, but many X have no doubt; besides datiy oral com-
munications with the same high functionaries, all without
my knowledge.
Second. To correct another class of gross neglects?, I, on
the s.tmu day, caused to be addressed to Major General
McClellan the following order:
Headquarters of the Army,
Washington, September 16, 1861.
To Major General McClellan, United States Jinny,
commanding the Department of the Potomac:
The commanding general of the army of "the Potomac
will cause the positions, state, and number of the troops
under him to be reported at once to general headquarters,
b> divisions, brigades, and independent legiments or de-
tachments; which general report will be followed by re-
ports of new troops as they airive, with the dispositions
made of them, together with all the material changes which
may take place in the said army.
iiy command of Lieutenant General Scott.
E. I). TOWNSEND,
•Assistant Adjutant General.
Eighteen days have now elapsed, and not the slightest re-
spect has been shown to either of those orders by Major
General McClellan. Perhaps he will say, in respeettothe
lattei, "It has been difficult foi him to procuie exact re-
turns of divisions brigades, &e " No doubt. But why not'
have given me proximate returns, such as he so eagerly
furnished the President and certain Secretaries?
lias, then, a senior no corrective powei over a junior
officer in case of such persistent negiectand disobedience ?
The remedy of arrest and trial befoie a court-martial would
probably hoon cuie the evil. But it has been feared that a
conflict of authority near the head of the Army would be
highly encouraging to the enemies and depressing to the
friends ot the Union. Hence my long forbearance and con-
tinuing (though but nominally) on duty, t sdiall try to hold
out till the airival of Major General Ilalleck, when, as his
presence will give me incieased confidence m the safety uf
the Union, and being, as I <un, unable to ride m the saddle
or to walk. I y reason of dropsy in my feet and legs and
paralyse.in the small of the back, I shall definitively retire
fiom the Army.
[ have the honor to remain, with high respect, your most
obedient servant, WfNFIELD SCOTT.
Hon. S. Cameron, Secrctaiy of War.
Mr. STEVENS, t now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Steele.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Let me
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Was that letter written after General Scott had
recommended General McClellan to command the
Army?
Mr. STEVENS. It is dated the 4th of Octo-
ber, 1861.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
nothing but a sense of duty, 1 may say an op-
pressive sense of duty, could induce me to ask
the attention of the House for a single moment at
this time. I suggested that I had not before dur-
ing this entire session detained the House by any
remarks. I might have stated that no member on
this side of the Hall from the great State of New
York has done so either. That State, sir, which
has sent to the field two hundred and twenty-three
thousand soldiers, is perhaps as much interested
in this momentous questian as any other State,
to say the least of it. Of course I do not under-
take to speak here for the State of New York. I
do not arrogate to myself any such authority as
that. 1 claim to be a Representative of one of the
districts of that great State, and so far as I have
th$ right to speak for that constituency I desire
to be heard on this bill, which I believe to be of
greater importance than any which has been before
us since I have occupied a seat upon this floor.
Sir, there are many features of this bill to which
1 take no exception; and amendments have been
suggested which, if adopted, would, in a great
measure, obviate the objections I have to the bill,
and having been proposed and discussed by others
I will not take up the tune of the House to enlarge
upon them now.
I object to this bill, sir, as one of a series of
measures which centralize power in the fed-
eral Government. I am one of those men who
have always belonged to that political organiza-
tion called the Democratic partjr; that party, sif,
which has a history, and was known, recognized,
and respected all over the vast extent of this
mighty Republic. Itknew " noNorth, noSouth,
no East, no West," but had a philanthropy and
a patriotism broad and generous enough to reach
every locality and every citizen. It opened its
arras wide for the reception of all those who chose
to seek this " asylum of the oppressed," and is
identified with all the best and proudest days of
the Republic. And when wicked and designing
men conceived the nefarious purpose of dividing
and destroying the Government of their fathers,
these double traitors found it necessary, before
making the attempt, to betray and strike down
that grand old party. And now the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] calls us rebel
sympathizers and traitors, and thinks, or as-
sumes to think, that we are ready to " kiss the
hand that smites us." But you cannot make men
traitors by calling them so; purposes, words,acts
make traitors as well as loyal men; and those
whoseloyalty lias been sealed in blood upon every
battle-field of this war, and attested by every pul-
sation of honest hearts, can withstand all assaults,
and especially such as are prompted by the im-
bittered malice of impotent hate. Do gentlemen
see the Democratic clans gathering for the over-
throw and political annihilation of the devotees of
an impracticable, theoretic, one-idea philanthropy
which seeks to take advantage of the country s
distresses to urge the accomplishment of mad
schemcs, to the imminent peril of the national ex-
istence ? If so, may God in mercy grant that their
anticipations in that regard may be realized, and
thus not only our country saved, but themselves
also spared the terrible awakening that must en-
sue if allowed to pursue their insane folly to the
end, when they would find, too late, that they
had utterly ruined their country, as well as them-
selves, realizing only in exchange " the baseless
fabric of a vision."
I have always belonged to that class of poli-
ticians who believe the General Gevernment is a
Government of delegated and restricted powers,
and who are opposed to the doctrine of a latitu-
dinarian construction of the Constitution. I have
seen a series of measures introduced, and forced
through the House, which tend^o obliterate State
lines, and centralize power in the executive depart-
ment of the national Government. First comes
the measure in regard to taxation, internal rev-
enue, &c. I tried to have it provided that New
York should be allowed to raise and collect her
share of the money required by virtue of that law
through the agency of the State government. It
could be done, I urged, by our own officers, with
much less difficulty and at one half of the expense.
Under that law, as adopted, Federal officers are
appointed by the Executive and scattered all over
the State of New York and other States for the
purpose of assessing and collecting these taxes.
I might refer, in this connection, to the confis-
cation bills and other kindred measures which
infringe upon the rights of some of the States, and
thus point to the idea of Federal supremacy. But
it is my intention now to speak of the three leading
general measures, which apply alike to all the
States, and which seem very nearly allied to each
other. By a bill we passed here the other day,
taken in connection w^thso much of anotheras nat-
urally forms a part of it, the whole currency of the
country is to be placed in the hands of the Execu-
tive Departments. The entire financial system of
the country is to be changed. The local banks are
to be taxed out of existence, and in their stead is
to be substituted a mammoth institution, with its
thousands of tributaries scattered over the whole
country, all under the control of the executive
department of the General Government and its
subordinates.
Then comes this immense scheme of unlimited
conscription. Why,gentlemen, will you have a
shadow of State rights left? Will there be any-
thing which a State or the people will be able, in-
dependently, to do without the permission of the
Government at Washington ? Was it ever con-
templated that this should become a mighty, con-
solidated Government of unlimited power, and
that ail the rights of*all the States should be utterly
ignored ?
1 do not propo e to follow out this argument,
