THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"THE"OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
If
cv
e« -
Thiuty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
and drilled liy the State governments;anil it looks
a little Strang'? that it should be thought neces-
sary just now to take all this authority away from
the States, when they have furnished all the men
■whohave been wanted heretofore, anil when there
is no reason to suppose that they would not do it
in the futuie. 1 do not know but gentlemen are
troubled about the recent elections, and think that
the people are opposed to their views upon cer-
tain questions. Well, suppose that is so. The
people are nevertheless in favor of sustaining the
Government of their country. They are in favor
of putting down this infernal rebellion, and re-
storing the Union which was given to us by our
fathers; and I trust that we may in some way—
i must say I do not exactly see how it is to be
done just now—1 trust that we may in some way
or other, through the mercy of Almighty God,
be enabled to restore the Union in its entirety. 1
have often said, in about as strong language as 1
was able to use, how much I felt attached to it;
and I am ready to say now and here, that 1 have
no desire or wish to live beyond the hour when
this glorious Union must be divided and broken
up. I would rather a thousand times go down to
death upon the bloody field fighting for the Union,
than to survive its dismemberment. I now yield
the residue of my time to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. S. C. Fessendbn.]
Mr. COX claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
there be no objection, the gentleman from No
York can yield the residue of his time to the
tleman from Maine.
Mr. COX. I will not object to that arrange-
ment, but 1 would inquire how long the gentleman
from Maine proposes to speak?
Mr. S. C. PE3SENDEN. Not long.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
must speak wiihin the time ot the gettliertutn from
New York.
Mr. COX. How much time has the gentleman
from New York left?
The SPEAKERprofempore. Twenty-five min-
utes.
Mr. COX. I understood that the gentleman
from New York was speaking in the time of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania occupied his entire hour, and
the gentleman from New York was then recog-
nized. The gentleman from New York hasspoken
for twenty-five minutes, is there any objection
to his yielding his time to the gentleman from
Maine?
Mr. COX. I do not wish tq interpose any
objection.
No objection was made.
Mr.S.C.FESSENDEN. Mr.Speaker,I thank
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Steele] for
yielding the floor to me, for I have something to
say, and should like to say it, upon this bill. It
has been said upon the floor of this House that
no more important measure has been brought be-
fore Congress at its present session than that in-
volved in this bill.
Mr. Speaker, the East has not been heard from
with respect to this measure; and as we have heard
from New York and from other States of this
Union, something should be said with regard to
the manner in which this bill will be received,
should it be enacted by Congress, in New Eng-
land.
Before proceeding with my remarks, however,
I wish to make a single statement in regard to
what was said by the honorable member from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman',] with respect to the clergy
of this country. I did not distinctly understand
what tlie gentleman said, and I would ask him to
repeat the remark which he made in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I attached no
importance to the remark at the time, and am un-
able to recall it. 1 will not, therefore, take up the
gentleman's time by referring to it.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I inferred from the
gentleman's remarks that he intimated that the
80
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1863.
New Series No. ,80.
clergymen of the country wore not loyal and pa-
triotic men.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think not. On the contiary,
I intimated that they weie an exceedingly warlike
class of men. I simply asked the question in gen-
eral terms. I will not attempt to recall my lan-
guage. There was another gentleman speaking
of the religions character of the country and of the
warlike temper of the times, and I,merely asked
him whether he knew any class of men in this
country who had exhibited more martjal spirit
than the clergy in general. I believe that was the
substance of my inquiry, although something else
may have been said, which now escapes my recol-
lection. But I desire to say to my friend from
Maine that the remaik was not made in any spirit
of disrespect to the high character of the clergy of
the United Stales.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I am happy to hear
the explanation of the honorable gentleman; and
I wish to say that there is not a more patriotic or
more loyal class of men in the country limn the
clergy of the United States. We are greaily in-
debted to them for the course they have pursued
in regard to this war. They have stood up in their
pulpits and have encouraged men to enlist; and |
under that influence, hundreds and thousands 1
have gone into the Army who might never have
been there but for the patriotic sermons preached
from the pulpits of New England and the free
States. .
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I cannot yield just
now. Sir, it has been so with respect to every
war that has ever taken place between this coun-
try and any other nation. 1 will read an extract
from a sermon preached by Rev. Dr. Gardiner
Spring, of New York, on the subject of the clergy
of the Revolution. Saul Dr. Gaidmer Spring, m
a sermon which he preached on the influence that
the clergy had steadily exerted on the revolution-
ary war:
"That great event in the history of the world—the
American Revolution—never would have been achieved
without the influence of the pulpit. Political society 'moved
on the axi* of rel'tfion ' The religious movement gave its
charactei to the social movement. Men who knew there
was 'a church without a bishop,-- knew also there could
be { a state without a km a 3 Had the pulpit of New Ln-j-
Innd and the Presbyterian Chinch occupied the same posi-
tion on this question which was occupied by so many of
the pulpits which I euuld name, we should have been col-
onies Still."
Such was the power of the pulpit in the days
of the American Revolution.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Maine allow me to ask 1)im the
dale of that sermon?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. It was preached in
1835, 1 believe. What is true in reference to the
clergymen of that day is true with reference to
the clergy of this day. Throughout New Eng-
land, and I presume throughout evei y part of the
country—I speak of com se of i he loyal States the
cleigytncn aie patnois. They are loyal men.
And when the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wright] siuii he would offer an amendment to
this hill, that cleigymen should not be enrolled,
I was on the point of saying that if it were for the
reason that by their remaining at home among
their people they could be more useful to the ser-
vice and do our country and the cause the most
good, it was well, but that otherwise it was not
well. Sir, they are as ready to enlist to-day as
any class of men to be found in the United States.
But I tel 1 gentlemen that it is for the benefit of the
country that the clergy should lie leit at home to
preach to their congregations the Gospel and such
patiiotic sermons as they have been preaching,
they can do far more good in that way than they
can do by enlisting as soldiers in the Army of the
United States. It would be a bad day for our
country if it should take our cleigymen fiom
their pul pits into the field. I repeat it -where t hey
can do the most good in this hour of our trial is
with their flocks. Now, I pass for a moment to
the consideration of this bill. It is a bill for the
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman permit'
me to ask him a question? '
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Now,l have a word-
to say in reference to this bill. It is for enrolling;
and calling out the national forces. What is tho5
object of it? Its object is distinctly declared in-
the title of the bill. And what does it propose-
to do ? It pi oposes to give to the President of tile-
United States power to call out, enroll, enlist, and
bring into the national force such men as are
classified in the hill. Does ally gentleman object
to the object of the bill? I do not understand that
such is the case. And for what purpose are thcs«
forces to be enrolled? The great purpose for
which they are to be enrolled is the prosecution
of this war with the utmost vigor until the rebel-
lion is put down. For what purpose is this war
waged on the part of the rebels? I have heard it
said on the floor of this House, over and over
again, that the war was not waged on the part of
the South for the purpose of perpetuating slavery',
nor for the purpose of restoring the African slave
trade. Now, on that point I beg leave to read
here nn extract from a letter addressed by Hon.
Mr. Spratt, of Charleston, South Carolina, to
Hon. John Perkins, delegate from Louisiana to'
the Montgomery convention:
" The South is now in the formation of a slave republic.
This, peihii[ia, if not admitted genemhy. There me many
contented to iielieve that tile South at, a geographical sec-
tion is in mere as^-emon ot its independence ; that it is in-
stinct with lio especial tnlth, pregnant of no distinct social
natare ; that lor some unaccountable reason the two sec-
tions luive become opposed to each other; that for reasons
equally insufficient, theie is disagreement between the peo-
ples that dnect tliein ; and that from no overruling neces-
sity, no impossibility of coexistence, but as ineie matter of
policy, it has been considered best lor the South to stlike
out tor tieiselt and establish an independence of her own.
Tliit-, i fear, is an inadequate conception of thecontiovcrsy.
" The contest is not hetween the North and South as geo-
graphical sections, Jor between such sections merely thereean
tc no rontcst; nor between the people oj the North and the
people of the South, for our relations have been pleasant, nvti
on neutial grounds there is still nothing to estrange us. We
cat together, trade together, and practice yet in intercourse,
witli gieat respect, tile courtesies of common lite. But the
real contest is between the two for mi of society which have
become established, the one at the North and the other at
the South. Society Is essentially different from government
— as different as is the nut from the imr, or the nervous
body of the slicll-fi-h Irom the bony structure which sur-
luunds it; and wiihin this Government two soi leues had
become developed as variant in structure and distinct iu
form as any two beings in animated nature. The one is S
society composed oi one racc, tho other ot two races. The
one i  bound together but by tho two great social relations
of husband and wile, and parent and child ; the other by
the thiee relations of husband and wife, and parent and
child, and master and slave. The one embodies in its po-
litical structure the principle that equality la the right of
man; the other that it is the righto!"equals only. The one,
embodying the principle that equality is the right of man,
expands upon the horizontal plane o| pure deuioencv ; the
other, wnbodyins the pi inctpie that it h not the nghtof man*
but of equal* only, ha* taken to tuelf the rounded form of
a social an-iocr.icy. in the one there i-> hireling labor, in
the other slave labor; iu the one, therefore, in theory .«t
lea-t, labm is voiuutaty ; in the oilier, involuntary; in the
labor ol the one there is the elective franchise, in tho other
there is not; and a  labor is always in excels of duoctlon,
in the one the power of Government is oniv with the lower
classes; in the other the upper. In the one, therefore,, the
rcMUj (>t (ioverniYient conic from the heels, in the oih^rtr^ni
the head n?'the society ; in the one it i* guided by the vvornt,
in the other by the best, intelligence ; in the one it is Irom
those who have the least, In the other liom iho e who have
the greate t, r-tnke in tho continuance of existing oidcr. In
the one the pauper Inbmcr ha* the pfn\< r to rise and appro-
priate by law the goods protected by the State—when pres-
sure emuo, as come it must, theie will ho the motive to
< xort it—and thus the ship ot'fcU.ite turns bottom upwards.
In tho other there is no paupei laboi with power of rising;
the ship ot State has the ballast of a du-fiauchiscd class;
there U no possibility of political upheaval, therefore, and
it h reasonably certain that, so steadied, it will sail erect
and onward to an indefinitely distant period.
u Such are some ot the more obvtf'U" differences In form
and constitution between these two societies which had
come into contact within the limits of the recent Union."
*********
" Such, then, was the nature of this contest. It was in-
evitable. It was inauguiated with the Government."
******* ***_
" But will slavery be established as a normal Institu-
tion of society, and stand the sole exclusive social system
of the South? That is the impending question,and the
fact is yet to be recorded. That it will so stand somewhere
