328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
ever, proved that we have a great many officers,
from generals down to lieutenants, who are ac-
complished officers. We have not shown as yet
that we have very great leaders, and the country
is disappointed; but because we are disappointed,
it will not do to be Unjust to those who have per-
formed their duty with ability and marked fidelity
to the country.
Sir, in the management of artillery in the field
in this war, the world has not shown, in any age,
better artillery officers than have been found in
otir Army.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator al-
low me to make a suggestion?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The chairman uf the
Committee on MilitaryAffairs is supposed to have
had some influence in the policy that has con-
trolled this war; and I desire x*espectfully to ask
him another question. How is it that in this
Senate Chamber, by a majority of the Senate, an
opinion is entertained and expressed that a grad-
uate of West Point, now holding a most import-
ant office in this Government, is unfaithful to the
Government, and yet that he retains his position—
a man named in the Senate Chamber as disloyal,
and yet, in my opinion, retained in that position
by the fact that West Point is a monopoly and
controls with iron shackles this Government?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What officer
does the Senator refer to?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Meigs. If it be true
that'this Government is tottering to its grave—I
will not believe it; I will not permit such a fore-
boding for one moment to have a place in my
heart—but if it be true, when that grave closes,
and the epitaph is to be written upon the tomb-
stone of this great nation, that epitaph will be
u died of West Point pro-slaveryism."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from Kansas says it is under-
stood that I have had something to do, ns chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, in
shaping the policy of the Government during this
war. I have had something to do with the legis-
lation of the country—nothing to do with its ad-
ministration. I assure the Senator that, so far
from having anything to do with shaping the
policy of the Government during this war, in re-
gard to the command of generals m the field, I
have had nothing whatever to do with it. I have
never, in my place in this Somite, uttered a word
of criticism in regard to the military operations
of any general in the field. I have never before the
people uttered a sentence of criticism of the mili-
tary operations of any general in the field. I have
never written a line, even to my own wife, criti-
cising the military operations of any general. I
early made up my mind that it was not my duty,
as chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to make such criticisms. I entertain opinions—
and I have expressed thorn, as I am accustomed
to do, in private conversation—in regaul to mili-
tary operations and m regard to military men;
but I have never publicly made, nor written,nor
printed criticisms upon military operations or men;
nor have I ever advised the President, or the Secre-
tary of War, or those holding authority, to give
any man a command in the field, or to withdiaw
fiom any man a command. I have ever frIt that
it was not my duty, as chairman of the Military
Committee, or as a member of the Senate, to en-
gage in putting this man in place or Unit man out
of place. Before the Senate and the country I
declare that I am in no degree responsible for any
changes of commanders in the field; nor have I
attempted to influence the action of the Govern-
ment m regard to its designation of commanders |
on sea or land.
The Senator from Kansas says that if this nation
perishes, upon its grave will be written, " died of
West Point." I urn sure the Senator will recon-
sider that declaration. Howeicr, sir, I do not
choose to put a question, even with an " if," in
regard to the existence of my country. I believe
that, in spite of ail our misfortune, the nation
will live, that our Government will outride the
storm, and that our country and our Government
will survive through years of the comin^ a<res.
While I admit that many officers educated at West
Point, like many officers not educated there, have
failed to meet the just expectations of the coun-
try, many of these officers educated at West Point
have performed their duties with marked ability,
I and to the entire satisfaction of the country. Many
fother officers have been equally faithful; and I
| agree with the Senator from Connecticut that it is
not wise in the Senate, or in the country, to applaud
or condemn any class engaged in this war. If we
are to censure, censure men, but not classes of
men.
The Senator refers to General Meigs. I believe
General Meigs to be as loyal to this country as
the members of this Senate. Sir, he was the first
man to make the first military movement in this
war. He went to Port Pickens to save that for-
tress before the war broke out. I believe that
General Meigs is as loyal as the Senator from
Kansas or myself.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not know that I
understand the Senator from Massachusetts. I
undertake to say that a man in position in this
crisis of our country should notonly be loyal, but
should be above suspicion. The history of our
proceedings here will show that the loyalty of an
officer in an important position was impeached by
name during this week by a distinguished and
honorable Senator. Does the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts mean to say that the loyalty of that
officer, so far as suspicion is concerned, is equal to
that of the Senator from Kansas ? Has the Senator
from Massachusetts ever heard the loyalty of the
Senator from Kansas impeached ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I said that I believed General Meigs to be as
loyal to the country as the Senator from Kansas
or myself. I certainly did not mean to imply that
the loyalty of the Senator from Kansas had ever
been questioned,and I certamlydid not raise any
question upon my own loyalty to my country.
A question has been raised here in regard to
the loyalty of General Meigs, and why) It is
said that he was Jeff Davis's friend, and Jeff
Davis was his patron. I do not think there is
anything in that. Jefferson Davis stood by Gen-
eial Meigs when John B. Floyd undertook to
crush him. Floyd was not only a traitor but a
thief, and left the Government only when there
seemed nothing more for him to steal. Davis was
not a thief, but a traitor to the country. I do not
think any of us ever accused Jeff Davis of being
connected dishonorably with money affairs, or,
in the ordinary matteis of legislation, to be a
corrupt man; but we knew that Floyd was par-
tial and corrupt. In the controversy which Gen-
eral Meigs had with Floyd, he was sustained by
Jeftorson Davis. lie was also sustained by nearly
all of us on this side of the Chamber. As to the
loyalty of General Meigs, I do not think there is
a man m America who has a right to question it.
General Meigs was among the first men en-
gaged in this war who declaiedit to be the true
policy of the Government to' organize the black
men of the South for military purposes. More
than a year ago he expressed to me, in the strong-
est language, his conviction that it was the duty
of the Government to use the black men of the
South tor the country—for military purposes. I
commend his leport to the attention of the Sena-
tor from Kansas. On the 22d page of the report
the doctrine is laid down, as clearly and as broadly
as any man m Ameiica has ever laid it down,
that the slaves of rebels should be used to save
our periled country, In this report General Mei^s
says: °
With all the people of thr< southern State? a< united,
through choice or miiitaty compulsion, as the whites aie
to be, n might well he doubted whether so great a
icbelhon, extending over r-o va-t a tenitoiv, could be put
down. But. as m the great lebolhon in India, the people
aie o! moio than one race, and tlx? task beioiethe country,
it piopor use made heie as theie ot the aid uf all who
aie Io\ai. all who aie willing to coutcnd on our aide, will
he lightened bv then drvisons.
" The tcbeilion does not covcr a wider territory, is not
it)otc bcii barous and ferocious not suppotted by stion^pr
jm'judiccfs of taee and c-a^tn, does not embiace a giealcr
01 mote muted population, ib not better supplied with aims
oi fortified hy climate, and had not at its commencement
a buger body of ti.uned f.oJdiPr  than that which, only a .
few \eats since, our cousins of Great Buratn put down, :
though fcepaiatcd from their chief seat of power bv two
continent- and half the ocean. This lies at our door?, as- !
mailable along a frontier by sea and land of three thousand :
miles eveiywheie under out control. j
" Great Butaui looked not at the color of the recruit; she j
accepted the aid of every offered aim, and \\a^ successful. 1
Courase, resolution, and wisdom will accomplish m the
West what they did in the East.
*• Oui people are being slowly schooled to arms and the
war, tlm^tar singularly free from the outrage winch in
other countries has attended cm] commotions, begins at
length, by its inevitable destruction ofpioperty and life, to
bear upon the territory we occupy with a portion of the
fearful weight necessary to crush rebellion.
"The labor of the colored man supports the rebel soldier,
enables him to leave Ins plantation to meet our armies,
builds his fortifications, cooks his food, and sometimes aids
him on picket by lare skill with the rifle.
" In all these modes it is available to a^ist our Army,
and it is probable that there will be less outrage, less loss
of life, by freeing these people, if put under strict military
control, than if left to learn slowly that war has removed
the white men who have heretofore held them in check,
and to yield at last to the temptation to indirection and
massacre.
" Had the Government been prepared to meet promptly,
with the overwhelming force winch the loyal States could
have supplied, the fii. t lebel armies, the rebellion might
have been crushcd without a long and desolating wai, and
without distmbance of the relations between the two races
in the South.
aThat time is past; the destruction of the rebel armies
and the gradual occupation of the country, by foitifying
and garrisoning its chief strategic and commeicial points,
aie the only conclusion to the war.
" In this work the loyal inhabitants of the country, white
or black, must be compelled tc assist, and it is impossible
to cast aside the millions of recruits who will offer them-
selves tor the work, accustomed to the climate, inured to
labor, acquainted with tiie country, and animated by the
stiong desire not merely for political, but lor personal, hb-
eity."
Sir, while the records of our battles, so far as
the handling" of large armies is concerned, show
a great deal to be criticised and much to condemn,
there are instances of good management, of con-
summate bravery, and of devotion unsurpassed
in the history of the world, that men educated at
West Point have shown during the war. But, sir,
among the men who have run away from the
Army, the officers who have deserted, and the
thousands that throng your northern cities and fill
your places of dissipation, and sometimes of crime,
1 have not yet read or heard that any officer edu-
cated at West Point has been found among them.
We have some thirty-three thousand volunteer
officers raised among the people. Thousands of
them are brave, devoted, self-denying men, ready
to toll night and day, ready to bleed and die if
need be for the country; but there are thousands
of men who ought to be instantly mustered out
of the service. When we compare the officers
educated at West Point with the men selected
from all the schools and all the means of educa-
tion of the country, we shall find that they do not
fail in the comparison; that, at any rate, they are
quite as good as others.
The Senator from Ohio singles out this institu-
tion, and speaks of its educating traitors. Sir, I
venture to say that while there are fifty-two offi-
cers from the rebellious States fighting under your
flag, battling for your country, you cannot find
fifty-two men in all the rebel States who have been
educated in the colleges of New England, New
Jersey, and New Yoik—ay, and of all thcNorth,
who have lifted a hand to sustain their country.
These fifty-two men fiom the rebellious States are
fighting the battles of the country, and so are some
of the men Jrom that section who were educated
in your Naval School. The officers of the Navy
go into every sea, into all the ports of the world.
They not only become more national, but they
generally have the broad views that men who travel
the world over are apt to have. The officers of
the Navy are very loyal and very devoted to the
country, and man y of these officers from the rebel
States have nobly clung to the flag that has proudly
waved over them on every wave and in the har-
bors of the globe.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, it is
a foregone conclusion that this bill will pass. Hav-
ing determined to vote against it, I desire to give
the reason that shall influence me in that vote.
As I understand it, there are now but two par-
ties in this country; one is the party that is ready
to sustain the Government at the expense of sla-
very if need bo; and the other, a party that is will-
ing to sustain the Government if they can sustain
slavery with it. In my intercourse with the grad-
uates of West Point 1 have found them univer-
sally—there are no doubt honorable exceptions;
but if so I have not known them—willing to sus-
tain the Government provided slavery can be per-
petuated. "Very few of them—none that I have
met—are willing to secure this Union at the ex-
pense of slavery.
Mr. President, I said that West Point would be
the death of this Government, if u was lost. I
said that for the reason that \Vest Point officers
have the command of our armies, and have no
hcait m the war, no desire to save the country at
the expense of slavery. The chairman of the
