1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
at the South I do not entertain the slightest question. It
foay be overlooked or disregarded now. It ha* been the
vital agent of this great controversy, it 1ms energized the
arm of every man who acts a part in this great diama."
"If you shall elect slavery, avow it and affirm it. not as
an existing fact, but as a living principle of social order,
and assert its right, not to toleration only, hut to extension
and to political recognition among the nations of the earth;
If, in shoit, you shall own slavery as the source of your
authority, and act for it, and erect, as you are commissioned
to erect, not only a southern, but a slave republic, the woik
will be accomplished. Those States intending to espou-e
and perpetuate tiie institution will enter your confederacy ;
those that do not, will not. Your republic will not require
the priming process of another revolution, but, poised upon
its Institutions, will move on to a career of greatness and
of giory unapproached by any other nation in the world."
" [3 it, then, in the just performance of your office that
you would impose a constitutional restriction against the
foreign hlave trade?*' * * * * * * *
" Relieving, then, that thus is a test of slavery, and that
the institution cannot be right if the trade be not, I icgard
the constittuional pi ohibition as a great culamity
*****■*•**•«•*
u It will be said that at the outset of our career it were
wise to exhibit deference to the moral sentiment of the
world. The obligation h as perfect to icspect the moral sen-
timent of the world against the institution. The world H
just aa instant to assert that Mavety itself is wrong j and if
we forego the slave trade; in consideration of the moral feel-
ing of the world, then win not slavery also ? It were mad-
ness now to blink the question. We are cnto tn^al lust
1ipon a daring innovation upon the social constitution^ of the
world. We arc creeling a nationality upon a union of race*,
where other nations have but one. ll'c cannot <!o<l«e the
issue; we cannot disguise the issue ; we cannot safely change
Our front m the face of a vigilant adveisaiy."
Here you have the views of a gentleman who
took a prominent part m the steps by which this
civil war has been precipitated upon us. No man
has a larger slime of the confidence of the South
than Hon. L. W\ Spratt. He speaks with au-
thority in expounding the purport and bearing
of the civil revolution to which lie has so largely
contributed—what end^ it seeks and is determined
to attain under the conduct of us originators and
supporters. He assures us that the agitation, call
it oy what name you will, let it assume what form
it may, is destined to endure until at last aiavei y
shall " stand serene, erect, aloft, unquestioned as
to its rights or its integrity,"at some point within
the limits of the southern States, and until theie :
shall be " no constitutional rcsti iction against the
foreign slave trade." Sir, the history of this war
in all its stages shows that Mr. Spratt is right in
what he declared to be its object on ihe part of the
South. Hecouccnls nothing, he would have noth-
ing concealed. "Why, then, with such incontro-
vertible evidence before them,do gentlemen on the
floor of tins House undertake to show that this
war is waged by the South for any other purpose ?
Now, the object of this bill is to enroll the na-
tional forces to prosecute tiie war with vigouund,
in substance, to prevent the establishment of the
confederate government based upon those two
principles. Mr. Spratt says in this letter that if
the convention wiii pass a resolution or a law per-
mitting the reopening of the slave trade, then the
great movetnenr that was inaugurated would have
a practical result, lie asserted that it was abso-
lutely rieeessai y the foreign slave hade should be
reopened in order that the secession government
should be established.
The purpose of this bill is to clothe the Presi-
dent with tiie means of prosecuting the war vig-
orously,^ os to prevent the establishment of the
southern confederacy, which has fonts object the
perpetuation of slavery and the reopening of the,
slave trade. And I ask whether any gentleman
on this floor is opposed io a bill for such a pur-
pose ?
Again, Mr. Speaker, 1 am in favor of this bit!
bccause it will do much towaid bringing into ser-
vice a class of men who will not voluntarily ealisf,
and who do all in their power to dissuade others
from enhsttng. These m< n are to be round m all
parts of tiie country. They are to he f)und in
New England. They are to be found in my own
•Stat'1. 1 know a man there who has represented
our city in tiie Legislature,and who has from tiie
outset been opposed to this war, and has done, {
have no doubt, aii m his power to dissuade men
from enlisting in me Aimy of tne United States.
He is rcpo'ted to have sent Ins sou abrua-1 m
order that he might escap" the <1 raH, and that vet y
* holds at tins day an ofHee in tiu quartermas-
ter's depaitmen<. These men ««ae called copper-
heads in some parts of this country. They are
called copp^rheadsin the part of the country from
which I come and in which 1 live. I am in favor
of a bill which will bring these men into the Army
who have up to this very hour not only refused
to enlist themselves, but have done all they could
to dissuade all otheis from enlisting. 1 am in
favor of all such men, wherever they are found,
being drafted and sent into the A.rmy.
I understood the honorable gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Vooiuikes,] yesterday, to say, in
speaking of the part of the country from which he
came and thedist riot which he represents, that God
never spread out such broad acres as are to be
found in that region. Why, sir, if God did not
spread them out it must have been the devil that
created them,and there, to such a region of coun-
try, is where 1 would have these copperheads sent,
if thev cannot be compelled to be enrolled or to
desist from their treasonable practices. [Laugh*
ter.]
I am in favor also of the passage of this bill for
another reason: because it will bring into the
Army men who love the cause ofth.e country; not
that our Army is notcomposed of such men now,
but such men as will notgive occasion for the rep-
etition of such a remat k as was made by the honot-
nblcgentlemanfrom Pennsylvania [Mr. Wright]
the other day, that the Army would not fight as
in my judgment an army should fight unless they
could choose their general. I refer to that gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who was speaking in
reference to General MeClellan. He is not now
in his seat, although he is seldom absent. 1 will
read his words:
" Tt is idle to blind our eye* to the condition of t'iiiiffs
existing in the arniv of the Potomac, and, to some extent,
m the <irmv oi the West, to-dav. Theie is a wa>, genile-
men. 111 which \ou may sive this Union. If you will but
restore to the command of the army of the Potomac Gen-
eral MeClellan, I do he.icve you can save the country."
Mr Speaker, I have no particularfeebng of interest for
Geneial Met 'lell m personally. I have nothing to say against
him. Uut I h-'lif ve at tins day theie i- no man in the Army
who rmboilic-, to the same t \tent, the confidence ot tliat
Al m\ and of the people ih'lt he does J1who does not see
and le.dtze tin-, tuet is blind or deaf to the vibrations of
public opinion, ^o far as 1 have been enabled to gather
the feelings and op in ion- of the.iriny ot the Potomac, 1 ( an-
not be mi-taken in tins impression. That army is with In in.
i believe that to he a fact. And let me tell you, if you would
carry wotoi v befoic your banners \ 011 must have a com-
mander in whom the \nn> has confidence. !r is idle to
talk about vietoites with a demoralized and disorganized
army. So tai as Geneial .MeClellan is concerned, I have
nevei been his especial advocate here. ] have never, in
the debate- 111 this House, spoken to his discredit. I do not
piole«.b to be a competent judge m regard to Ins milifaiy
qualifications. lint i know this (act, and [ ,<av it to \ou,
that he has the he:irr of the Ainei lean Army. Yes, sir, he
has tii ■ lu an of the Anuy with him.v
'• It is im houesi d-'sn to <iuve the Union, and f believe
the most effectual mi aos to do tliix wiild be the restora-
tion ot this geneial to the coiiini md of the Aimy.
"Thete is another ilting winch, in mv opinion, should
be done. I.ei ibis Adtmm-tnUion make up its (Juhnx t 01
a 1111 v. d eh.uactei. Let it «epj<\senr (be two great political
parties o( the country. I*  t it do tli.it. and lestore at the
s.iine tiiueGencr.il i\le('iellan to theaunvof the Potomac,
and it mav, with entire eeitainty of siieee--=, call lor two
bundled thousand men, white men ; thev will rally around
your standard- at once Then we will hi mg this wai to a
-uecfs-iul < lo-e. I firmly believe 111 it as I believe I
have an existence."
Now, sir, it is obvious to my mind, if tin* hon-
orahle gentleman from Pennsylvania is at all cor-
rect in his remarks, that there needs to be a leaven
in our Army, such a leaven as will lead it to fight
under any general, and under one general just as
well as under another. I believe the army of the
Potomac will do it now. Still it may be well to
give it the leaven which these new recruits will in-
fuse into it, fresh from the people, jt is well to
do so. 1 tell you they will have no such exalted
opinion of General MeClellan that they cannot
flight under General Hooker or under any other
of our brave generals. What they want is a gen-
eral to lead them against the enemy. Such a gen-
eral will lead them to victory.
General MeClellan—for I will venture to ex-
pu'ss my opinion sine the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania lias expressed ins—General
MeClellan is the Essex of our Army. >Vhatwe
want is a Hampden. An extract which 1 wtil
now icad, from Macaulay's review of Lord Nu*
gent's Memonals of Hampden, shows to what,
this histoiiun attributed the " military errors" of
Essex. It.shows likewise Mr. Macaulay's views
of Hampden:
" The military error* of Essex were probably produced
in some degree by political timidity. He was honestly but
not warmly attached to the cause of the Parliament; and,
next to a great defeat, bo dreaded a great victory. Hamp-
den, on the other baud, was for vigorous and decisive meas-
ures. When lie drew the sword, as Clarendon 1ms well
said, he threw away the scabbard. He had shown that he
knew better than any public man of his tune how to value
moderation. Hut he knew that tiie essence of war is vio-
lence, and that moderathni in wai is imbecility. On several
occasions, p irticularly during the. operations in the neiyh-
boihoofl ot Brentford, he remonstrated < arnestly with E*-
sex. Wherever he commanded separately, the boldness
and rapidity of bin movements presented a striking con-
trast to the sluggishness of his superioi."
Mr. Speaker, tiie generals of the Essex school
and age will not do for the Army if we are to
crush this rebellion by the speedy and steady on-
ward march of our entire Army until it shall
meet to conquer out* rebel foes, if time, and rea-
sonable time only, shall show that we have not
a Hampden in General Hooker, then, 1 say, let
him be removed, and let the President find the
coming Hampden, for we have him somewhere
in our country, who will let us know, in the exer-
cise of a wise discretion, " that the essence of war
is violence, and that moderation in war is imbe-
cility."
But I have another reason to give for the pas-
sage of this bill. Let it become a law, and it wilt
test the question whether the people do really
choose to continue the war underexisiingcircuni-
stances at the South and in the loyal Stales, or
to have itat once brought to an end on any terms;
whether, if what this war may cost prospectively
in money, time, nnd life, will not dissuade from
the further prosecution of it. True, it has cost us
already a mint of gold. The prospect is that it
will cost us millions and millions more, if we will
goon. Months have been given to this war. The
South tell us we must give to it years before they
can be made, if ever made, to give over the con-
test. Thousands of lives have already been sur-
rendered on the battle-Held, in the hospitals, and
in naval engagements on theocean, in prosecuting
this war; and many more of the best men in the
land must perish if we ore to persist in our efforts
fo lestore the Union. This conscription bill puts
the question tt) the people, shall the war go on?
Sir, { believe that the spirit with which the peo-
ple will receive this bill will return to us in em-
phatic words the answer, and it wiii be, yes, it
shall go on, cost what it may, until these rebel States
return to their allegiance to this Government. We
aie for no " short peace" when it comes. Give
us rather "a long wai," if without it we cannot
have, when peace comes, perpetual peace.
As Germany had to wage a civil wai of thirty
years to set ure lehgtous liberty, in which war
almost every chief town was sacked by successive
armies, and yet the prize was worth the cost, so
the people of the loyal Suites will contribute
money, time, and men, for all of thirty years, to
this war, if need be, that they may secure the end
for which they are now engaged in it, and tins
though every chief town in the country should be
sacked; and then they would not give tne contest
over, for the prize to be gained—" liberty, and the
future of this la-nd"—wouid be worth the cost.
Tins hill should be passed, in my judgment, for
another reason. It wiii unite by a demonstrated
fact the East and the West, the border States and
the North, between which there are those who
would engender strife and division. The demon-
strated fact, should this bill become a law, will be
this, that as the people have expected that Con-
giess would do its duty by providing with cer-
tainty for a national force to carry on this war, so
this Congress cxpects that the people of the loyal
States will do their duty by responding in the
spirit of true patriotism to the requirements of this
bill. The Congress hasnot disappointed the peo-
ple. Tiie people will not disappoint the.Congress.
The division and disunion which peace men and
traitors would engender between the Eastand the
West, the bordci States and North, will thus be
prevented, for it wiii be seen that there is no loyal
State anywhere the people of which will not ap-
prove of this law, or any law that can be of essen-
tial aid to this Government in the noble woik, and
gigantic as noble, which, it iias in hand.
i know of but one member of tills Congress,
[Mr. Vallavdigham,] whose boast and whose
shame, in my judgment, it is that he laid down
the rule for himself, and faithfully adhered to it to
the end, " neither to vote for or against any purely
war measure of the Administration;" who " lias
not voted foranyArmy bill, or Navy bill, or Army
j>r Navy appropriation bill since the meeting of
Congress on the 4th of July, 1861.M
