1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The " peace party on any terms" will find in
the honorable gentleman a woitliy chief. Or, if
he cannot be had, i would recommend the hon-
orable gentleman from the Columbus district in
Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] whose speech on " Puritanism
in politics" before the Democratic Union Associ- j
ation of New Yoik, will render him very popular ;
with the " peace party " in New England ; and on |
these terms, says the Richmond Enquirer, can
•4 the peace party on any terms" have peace: 1
" If they repudiate the debt they have contracted. and
abandon the Government they have established, ami re-
cant their vows and break pledgee and eat din, it is well; |
we shall be charmed; the movement will suit u-* peiteeily ; j
and although we shall not exactly re-puet the actors m that i
affair, yet we shall not he unwilling to trade with them— j
holding our noses a little-—'Anil to hhow them all suitable ci- i
vilities, but at a proper distance." |
*' Holding our noses a little," says the Enquirer. |
Verily noses need to be held when you have to :
deal with constitutional dirt-eaters, for they are j
rank all over with treason. j
As a member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
now so near its end,! shall i eturn to my conslitu- ■
ents with the consciousness that, as their Reprc- j
sentative, I have done all in my power to aid this !
House in that legislation by the help of which we !
hope soon to see i\ cemented Union, " and a na- !
tionality so strong and derp that no selfish or sec- '
tional appeal can ever occasion us dissolution." ,
[Here the hammer foil.]
Kir. COX obtained the floor. i
Mr. S. C. FEsSENDEN. I asjf the gentleman j
to allow me to go on for five minutes. i
Mr. COX. I have been struggling for the floor j
for three or four hours, and 1 do not know, now !
that I have got the floor, whether I can keep it. ;
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dvwes in i
the chair.) Does tin* gentleman fiom Ohio yield i
the floor to the gentleman from Maine? j
Mr. COX. What does the gentleman from ;
Maine want? How much time wiil he have? I
Mr. S. C. FESSFNDEN. Not more than five |
minutes. I
Mr. IIOLMAN. I desire the gentleman to j
yield to me tor a moment. i
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I do not thmk I will
yield at all just now. 1
Mr. S. C. FESSENOEN. I do not ask the !
gentleman to yield to me unless lie is willing to :
extend that much courtesy. j
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The gentleman j
from Maine is out of order. The gentleman from i
Ohio is entitled to tin1 floor. j
Mr. COX Mr. speaker, I am obliged to the i
Chair for the prompt manner in which he has j
protected my right to the iloor, attd for the em- j
phaxis with which he brought down the gavel for [
that purpose. [Laughter.] I hope now that I ;
shall not be further inteirupted. ;
Mr, Speaker, I was somewhat amused and in- !
structed by what lei! from my reveiend brother :
[Mr. Fessendev] from Maine,who has just taken ,
his seat. It was proper that he should defend his 1
clerical brethien. lint alter the high-wrought |
eulogy which he uttered mtheir behalf, I was sur- j
prised at the lame conclusion to which he an ived. '
How could he as a patriot argue that so valuable ;
a class of citizens should be exeluded fiom seiv- ,
ing their country in the Army5 If they are as j
worthy and ets patriotic as he behoves, will they |
seek exemption ? The very argument of i he gentle- |
man, combining with other teasons which I may ■
give, but from which he will doubtless dissent, ,
compels me to oppose the exemption of the cleigy
from this sweeping conscription.
There are some cleigymen for whom I have an
unbounded reverenceand i espect, men who preach
the Gospel of " peace on earth and good will to
men." They do not turn the living word into
reproach by "vein disputations." They do not
create jar and conflict on earth and ill-will to men.
From the firstsetflement of the reg;on from which
the gentleman comes down to the present time,
the largest part of the clergy seem to have been
specially commissioned, in their own opinion, to
read lectures upon political matters to the people
of this country and to all mankind. They have
descended from their spiritual elevation to grope
amid the passions and corruptions of partisan
strife. They have thus divided the churches and
degraded th« mission left them by their loving
Master.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN rose.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object to interruption.
Mr. COX. 1' will yield to the gentleman if he
wants to say something. Does he want to ask
me a question ?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I challenge the gen-
tleman to produce the proof of that assertion.
Mr. COX. 1 reforthe gentleman, for the proof,
to New England history from the days of Cotton
Mather and the burning of witches, "down to the
present unhappy time. Why, sir, let the dom-
inant clergy of New England continue to have
way now as they had it onre when Catholics,
Episcopalians, Baptists, and Quakers) were pros-
ecuted; punished, exiled, and murdered for eon-
science sake, and ihe gentleman will live to wit-
ness, perhaps with transport, Episcopalian and
Catholic clergymen garroted and burned in the
streets of Boston. [Laughter.)
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Will the gentleman
al'ow me now ?
Mr. COX. I have no objection if the gentle-
man wants to ask a question.
Objected to by a member from the Republican
side of the House.
Mt. COX. That.objection does not come fiom
this side.
Mi .Speaker, there is a certain class of preach-
ers to whom gentlemen on this side of the House
are under no special obligations. They have
prayed us frequently into the nethermostabysses.
[Laughter.] And why? Because we belonged
to that old Democratic party which has been co-
eval with this Government, which has never, as
an organ'zatton, been unfaithful to the interests
and honor of the whole country, and which has
never lost its chivaliic respect for the safeguards
and immunities of the Union ami the Constitu-
tion. Simply to have affiliations with that party
has always been si ffiejent to In ing down the an-
athemas, by " bell, book, and candle," of those
clergymen who now, tluough the ministerial mem-
ber from Maine, seek exemption from the incon-
venient consequences of the troubles which they
have themselves been mainly instrumental in
bringing upon our beloved land. Long befoie the
radical poli.ieians, North and South, began to rend
the nation in their hate, these pieachers had riven
the churelies in their ei az<-d and demoniac fury. I
ask you men of the South yet remaining with us,
as I ask you northern Representatives, is any one
more responsible for the piesent unhappy condi-
tion of the country than these firebrands of the
sanctuary, North and .South ? Have not the ft'roes t
zealots of secession and abolition been found
among those who have kindled, on God's altar,
the unhallowed embers of sectional asperity '
The gentleman fi om Maine wants proof. Why,
aii, it is easy enough to furnish it. Go ba< k to
the three thousand eleigymeii of New England,
who, in the name of the Most High, felt them-
selves accredited to send to the Congress of the
United States a special denunciation of Stephen
A. Douglas for his championship of the rightsof
the people of the Temtories. Their anti-slavery
evangel was met by him with the same defiance
wh;eh the Democracy displayed in the days of
Jeff, rson, when the New England chngy levilod
that apostle of our political faith. The imperti-
nent and improper in t -i fr t ence by a poi t ion of t he
clergy in the politics of the country is not pecu-
liar to our day, though never before has it been
so conspicuous as in fomenting the troubles which
have culminated in this calamitous war.
There are two kinds of clergymen in this coun-
try. I have before me a description of one class
with which 1 have no doubt gentlemen on the
other side are mote familiar than with those who
minister in the church in which I happen to wor-
ship. [Laughter.] I will recite the description:
u A imm-nn, whom hell had *(>nt
To spread it« bla-<t wheteYr he went,
And tlinj, «i> o'er our earth he trod,
Ills hhudow betwixt man and God.1'
Now, sir, all ministers who come within that
definition I want to see enrolled in the Army and
marched to its front. There let them do their
dtuv, and see whether they cannot help to put
down this rebellion which t hey have been so long
instigating. L(,t them suffer some of the conse-
quences that our brothers undergo in the S Kith-
west and along the Rappahannock. I would not
have them go merely as clerks, letter writers, or
chaplains* Let them shoulder the twelve-pound
musket, do picket duty, and trudgejilce our brate*
boys amid winter snows, spring mud, and! sura-7
mer suns, under the packed knapsack, and ray
word for it, they will come back sanctified by
grace. [Laughter.] After the eulogy pronounced
upon the clergy by the gentleman from Maine
may we not presume that they would be in a bet*
ter condition for the sacrifice than many air un-
sauciified Democrat? Would they not ascend in*
to the realms of glory with less inconvenience or
delay? [Laughter.] Very many of them, from
my observation, would not be as much loss to the
country as my clerical friend over the way would
suppose.
But, Mr. Speaker, I would not have addressed
the gentleman from Maine in this style had it not
been that he rung into his speech over and over
again, what has been rung into the speeches of
other gentlemen on that side of the House since
this debate began, as well as into newspapers and
stump speeches, the usual quantity of malignant
talk about "copperheads" and the disloyal De-
mocracy.
A very beautiful mode ofargumentation this I It
is calculated to produce a very pleasing impression
on this side of the House! The debate on this
measure fiom its opening has been characterized
by this tender affability of manner! One would
have supposed it would have been wise to have
made the effort to conciliate this side of the House
in favor of this measure*, but you sought to concil-
iate nobody. War Democrats, peace Democrats,
to use your inapposite language, are all alike. My
eloquent friend from New York, [Mr. Steele,]
who has spoken so well for the Governor of
his State ami the rights of his State, and who
expressed his willingness to sustain through
the States your calls for aid—he is no exception.
You sought not to conciliate my friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Holman,] who has been laboring for
the last two hotus at my side to make this bill,
if possible, less objectionable by a substitute—he
too has the fang and poison of the copperhead.
Von sought not to conciliate any classof opinion,
however loyal and conscientious. You were un-
willing, when thhill came in first, to allow it to
be sci unitized. You sought to force it through
without amendments and without discussion; and
but for the deiru mined nerve of this side of the
Chamber, you would have accompli shed your pur-
pose, and passed the bill with all of its infernal
enginery of oppression. Gentlemen, you did not
know us. We were determined, in the first place,
to ha ve discussion j and in the second place, to get
the bill back into a position where it could be
amended ^ ami as many of its obnoxious features
removed as it was possible to remove in this Con-
gress. What we resolved to do that we have ac-
complished. Before I come to the discussion of
the bill itself, I owe it to the people of my dis-
trict to repel the charges made by you upon their
Representative.
The three Republicans who have last spoken,
[Mes.sis. Dunn, Stevens, and Fkssekdev,] have
charged that we are disloyal Lo the country, to the
country we love as well—-I will not say belter
than you—to that country which we love only
less than we should love oar heavenly Father.
From the beginning of the debate we have heard
nothing but contemptuous scorn and contumely
hurled against this side of the House. Do you
believe that membeis of this House, though ma
minority, who aie your equals lure, will silently
pei nut such language to go unlashed ? If we were
dishonored at home, do you think we are craven
enough to receive such epithets without giving
s<_orn for scorn ? But being m fact the majority,
having received the approbation of our constit-
uents at home, do you imagine that we will sit
hjjre in timid crouching and receive your con-
tumely without making some fit reply? Do you
expect that we will, under the forms of courtesy,
mouth honeyed words for your abuse? Do you
imagine we cannot teil denunciation from debate?
You forget that we come fresh from the people,
covered all over with their generous approbation.
My eloquent friend from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
told you last night that you were but corpses
stalking, against public decency, for a short time
only, before the public gaze. [Laughter.] A nice
paily, indeed, tins company of corpses, to talk to
us, the Representatives of the people. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,} con*
