1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Committee on Military Affairs has given me a list
of gallant spirits who have bravely fallen m de-
fense of their country. Lyon did exhibit genius;
biit the chairman of the Military Committee must
not forget that it was by the stupidity of West
Point cadets that he was sacrificed. He has given
the name of Rosecrans. I take pleasure in stating
to the Senate and to the country, as my opinion,
that Rosecrans, by his personal courage and gal-
lantry, and his genius, won a victory after a bat-
tle was lost. Sir, compare his conduct upon the
battle field with the conduct of other graduates of
West Point who have commanded our armies and
led this Government to the very verge of the grave.
Battles we now count as defeats could have been
secured as victories, had all the West Point grad-
uates shown the personal gallantry of Rosecrans
upon the battle-field. I said months ago in this
Chamber, that it afforded me pleasure to indorse
the graduates of West Point who had exhibited
brains; but that before I voted for the perpetuity
of the institution, I wanted a board of examiners
to separate the pensioned idiots from the graduates
of sense.
Mr. President, I acknowledge the services of
the gallant spirits of whom mention has been
made, and am proud to call them brothers. They
did exhibit true courage, and they nobly died.
But, unfortunately, they occupied subordinate
positions, and had no opportunity of exhibiting
genius. Our Government has expended millions
upon millions of dollars in fostering this institu-
tion, and in this struggle that is to decide our fate,
with six hundred or seven hundred of these offi-
cers, there is not one to step forwaid to whom
the people can look for succor and for safety.
All we want now i.s a general in whom the people
have confidence. Give the people confidence in
the commander of your Armya.nd tile country is
saved.
The reason why I vote against this appropri-
ation is because the West Point Academy is a
monopoly, and because, as we have seen and as
we know, it has shackled this Government,
shackled the President, shackled the Cabinet,
and has led us to the very verge of ruin. Its per-
nicious pro-slavery influence is felt in every de-
portment of the Government. I oppose it as a
monopoly, which, in this emergency, has been
disastrous to the country, potent only in cooling
the ardor and retarding the onward march of our
gallant citizen soldiery.
For those reasons, Mr. President, 1 shall vote,
and continue to vote so long as I have a seat in
Congress, against the appropriation of one dollar
for the West Point Academy, legarduig it as a
monopoly inconsistent with our institutions.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, I do not in-
dulge in these wholesale denunciations of West
Point, nor attribute the success or the failure of
our armies or generals to West Point. I have
seen men fail in civil life who never went to West
Point, and I have known such men high in office
in this Government. We are not to attribute the
failure or success of a man to the place of his ed-
ucation or birth. If we were to look over the
civil list of officers connected with this Govern-
ment, we should not find success in every one of
them; we should not find genius; 1 suppose we
might find patriotism; we might find honesty; but
to suppose that every institution is to be charge-
able for all time to come with the success or the
failure of its graduates is to load down an institu-
tion with a huiden which it cannot sustain. The
pulpits in the seceded States are full of clergymen
"who are rebels, and yet they have all graduated
at your theologicalseminaries. "Why not pile on
to your theological seniinaties in the free States
all the treason and crimes that may have been com-
mitted by men in the pulpits of the rebel Siaies?
They have taken up this rebellion in their churches
anil prayed for it; they have baptized it; they have
called it a holy thing; they have prostituted the
fountains of learning and religion; and yet they
graduated at your theological schools. Do you
propose now to commence a tirade against the the-
ological seminaries of the country because such
men have graduated in those institutions ? For my
own pait, sir, I shall vote for this bill, and I do
not propose to charge upon West Point the crimes
or the disloyalty of men who have graduated there.
They have followed the fortunes and been iden-
tified with the interests of their States and their
associations; but neither West Point, nor Yale
College, nor Williams College, nor any other in-
stitution is to bear the odium or receive the praise
of what they have done or ncglectcd to do.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT, pn the passage of
the bill the yeas and nays have been requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have received
a great many letters from my constituents urging
me to vote against the passage of this bill. I do
not propose to do so, and I desire to state in one
word why I shall not do it.
The great want of an educated soldiery in this
country was first discovered during our revolu-
tionary war; and he who will read the letters of
General Washington will discover that in almost
every letter he wrote, at times, to the Continental
Congress, he urged upon them the necessity of
securing engineer officers. It was in accordance
with his desire that they secured through their rep-
resentatives in France, and the other continental
Governments of Europe, engineer officers to come
here who acted as engineers during the revolu-
tionary war. During his Administration, and
during that of his successor, Mr. Adams, efforts
were made to establish a military academy upon
the plan of the military academies that were then
in existence in France, but I believe none was es-
tablished until 1803, during the Administration of
Mr. Jefferson, when our present school at West
Point was established.
It is true that you cannot make a wise man out
of a fool; you cannot make a good military com-
mander out of all the men who are sent to West
Point; but while we condemn and pass judgment
upon West Point on the character exhibited by
one particular man of its graduates who happens
to be in the command of a. large army, we forget
the very essential services that are rendered by
the other six hundred men from that Academy
who are in subordinate positions, who are looking
after your artillery corps, who are fabricating and
looking after your ordnance and your missiles of
war, who are attending to your quartermaster's
and your commissary's department, who are
skilled in all the details of those different depart-
ments, and who are keeping regulaiity and order
th rnnghout.*
It may be true that the time will come—and I
should like to see it come—when military schools
shall be established in the different States, as has
been suggested by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wadi;.] Whenever there shall be military schools
established in the States—and it may possibly be,
and 1 hope it mSy be—then it will be proper for
the President of the United States to establish
a board who shall cause the graduates of those
schools to pass th rough an examination and receive
them into the Army of the United States. But are
we prepared to doit now? Is there a single school
of that description in any of the States? 1 know
of none. There are some private schools where
a private education is given to the scholars, where
they are taught in the manual of arms; but no
such foundation for a military education is laid
there as is necessary for an otficer to have who
goes into your artillery, your engineer, or your
ordnance corps. Whenever the States shall es- '
tabhsh these schools, and they turn out scholars '
that are, m our estimation, fit to occupy the posi- j
tions which are now given to the graduates of the \
Military Academy, 1 would at once say, let these |
young graduates go before a board of military !
officers, and, when they have passed an cxamin- !
ation, let them be received into the Army, and f
let West Point be dispensed with. I
Mr. President, before the increase of our regit- ;
lar Army by the addition of nine infantry regi- j
merits, one cavalry regiment, and one artillery !
regiment, we were only able to supply a small :
proportion of thcofilceis of the Army from West '
Point. We have nowgreatiy increased the Army. 1
We have added to it nine infantry regiments, each !
of which is equal to about three of the old regi- !
ments; we ha\e added a cavalry regiment of the
ordinary size, and another brigade regiment, if I !
may so speak, of artillery. The necessity, there- '
fore, is much greater for officeks than it was be-
fore; yet we have not provided for increasing the
number of scholars at West Point, and I presume ;
there will be no provision made for increasing the :
number there. If there is no such provision made, i
if we continue the Academy, as we now propose, !
we shall only furnish about one graduate from
West Point to the Arnay where six'or sevefi on-
cers will be required. 1 submit that it -\yill be a
very excellent thing for tlie country e,nd for .the
Army to put "into it about one in six of men who
havehad a thorough military education, and tkke
the other six or seven from t^e, yo.ung t^en who-
may distinguish themselves in the rgnks of th£
volunteers during this war.
Mr. W ADE. "whe Senator will allow me to as]t
him a question, twill $sk him whether he doe's
not really believe that in this great Army of ours
more men will be better educated during the wax
than there could be in any institution whatever,
and enough of them?
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt, sir, that |i
great many men will, in some particulars, be bet-
ter educated than they would be in the school,<,but
I do not suppose that we are going to educate men
in the field in all those duties that relate to fortifi-
cations.
Mr. WADE. Vou can set your West Point
graduates to digging. I have no objection to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not suppose you are go-
ing to educate them in the field in all those mat-
ters that relate to ordnance, to the fabrication of
arms, the manufacture of missiles, and in relation
to the powers of projectiles. These are scientific
subjects; and they must be investigated and learned
in your academics. Now, what 1 say is, mix
them up; take six—and it will be in about that
proportion—take six or seven of the young men
fi om the Army who have distinguished themselves
on the battle-field, who have showiuhcir capacity
to handle men, and put them into the Army, and
put, standing by the side of them, the sixth ox
seventh man who has been thoroughly educated
at West Point, and in that way we snail get an
Army that will be worthy of the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before the
vote is taken upon this question, as I, too, have
received a great many communications from the
State of Illinois on this subject, all of which speak
one sentiment, and u^e me to vote against the
passage of any bill for the continuance of the
West Point Academy; and as, unlike the Sena-
tor from Iowa, it affords me very great pleasure
to vote in accordance with the uniform expres-
sion of opinion in my State, I will say a word or
two giving the reasons why I shall so vote.
I think it is very unfair on the part of those
who are the advocates of West Point here to treat
opposition to the continuance of this institution
as an attack upon every West Pointofficer. That
is the mode which those who are the advocates of
this institution adopt here to meet the arguments
that are presented to show why it should not be
continued. Now, sir, I think it is unjust to con-
demn every person who has been at West Point;
it is unjust to say that they are all traitors, but it
is equally unjust to claim that they are all patriots
and all leaders. Let this institution stand upon its
merits, and let the men who were graduates of
West Point, and who have done well, receive the
applause of the country—there are many such;
and let those who have been cowards or traitors,
or indisposed to crush this rebellion, receive the
condemnation they deserve. I do not think that
all the fault which is attributed here to West Point
belongs to West Point; it belongs to the regular
Army, whether it is composed of West Pointers
or not; and we ourselves, perhaps, are to blame,
and the country is to blame, for the influence of
what has been denominated here this close cor-
poration.
When the war first broke out there was a very
general feeling all over the country in favor of
selecting men educated at West Point for com-
manders. I know that was the feeling in my
State. Among the first regiments that were or-
ganized in that State a desire was expressed by
the subordinate officers and by the men generally,
to have some man educated at West Point, some
man of military experience, to take charge of them
and drill them and prepare them for the war. Ap-
plications, I know, were made to the "War Depart-
ment from my State, and I presume from all the
States, to have some regular officer detailed to com-
mand and d rill thenewregiments. Permission was
asked that they might elect them as colonels and
lieutenant colonels; and that was done in many
instances. We all thought at that time that it
would be better to take these West Point officers,
and in that way, the public sentiment of the coun-
