1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
feciousofhisdefunct condition, talked to us, as he
confessed, from the confines of his sepuicher.
u Hark! from tlio tombs a doleful sound,
Minp eais attend the cry."
[Great laughter.]
If you gentlemen who play the. political phantom
wish to carry out the proper definition of a ghost,
cease to squeak nntl gibber your abolitionism,
and go back into your cerements; for daylight,
thank God, has begun to dawn. [Laughter.] °Do
you suppose that we, whoare fresh from the peo-
ple, have any reason to distract our minds at what
you utter against us? Do you suppose, for instance,
that we who represent Ohio, where we had nine-
teen members of Congress to elect, and, under an
infamous gerrymander which allowed us only two
Democrats, and who wili come back to the next
Congress fourteen to your five, are to be lectured
by you for disloyalty? Do you take us to be as
contemptible as yourselves? You ghosts of the
dead past*mistakc the temper of our constituents
as you have mistaken us. We know our rights
under the Constitution. We have a sound record
to which we can forever point; for we have stood
by the country when you failed jt. We have,
under the ineradicable love of law and order, stood
by your own Administration when you have stig-
matized and denounced it. We did our best in
Congress before this to settle these troubles, when
adjustment was easy. We labored with anxious
care that peace might continue in the land. The
people believe that you were recreant then; that
you are responsible for the failure to settle these
difficulties by compromise. You know that the
people so believe, for that was a part of their de-
cision at the recent elections.
If you still entertain any doubt about your rec-
reancy and responsibility, read this letter, recently
produced in the Illinois Legislature by Hon. Mr.
Hays, from Judge Douglas, dated the 29th of De-
cember, 1860. in it he says:
' " TJlC ^0u!^  "/ proportion if the Republicans
would agree to it. Hut the extremes North and South hold
oiF, «imJ aie precipitating tin; country into revolution ami
civil war.
iC While I can do no not which recognizes or counte-
nances the doe tunc ot secession, my policy is pnaee, and f
will jiot eoiwtJei the (jiu stion of war until every eftort has
bee,, made for \h ace, and all hope shall h.ivo vanished.
V\ hcu that tune comes, if unfortunately it Miall come I
will then do what it Jit'coines an American Senator to do
on the then state « ( tacts. Many of the Rcmih'.itan leader*
rfcsire a dissolution of the t/m'on, and urge war an a means
of accontpltsiuns disunion, while otheis ;ue Union men in
good taith. IVc have now icached the point where a eom-
prormfcf on the basii of mutual conee-j«ion, or diMinion and
war, is inevitable. I prel'ei a fair and junt compromise."
If you .still doubt, read again another letter from
the same honest and noble man, with which the
country is familiar, in which ho attributed the de-
feat of all amicable adjustments to the partisan
desiie of the Republican Senators to confirm cer-
taut appointments by the (then) incoming Adnnn-
lstiation. liio Republican Senatois wished to
have a majontyin the Senate for this purpose
But for tins petty pohiicul object, Judge Douglas
though! that they would have passed some coni-
piowise. Filey wanted the receded States to <*0
out—they wanted the southern Senators to leave
the Senate; because without their absence the
Senate would never have approved of such aboli-
tion appointments as Cassius JVI. Clay as minis-
ter to St. Petersburg, which I believe lie yet holds
ill connection Willi Simon Cameron, and n major
generalship in the Army, [laughter,] and which
offices he is filling to the Piesidi'iu's contentment
by philandering around Willmd'.s Hotel in these
several capacities, if, indeed, lie has any capa-
city. [Laughter.] The Republican Senators knew
that the L resident might send in the nomination
of such a man as Call Scliurz as minister to
opm n, a German abolition infidel, who brought!
to this country the belief that license was libeny I
and that Almighty God was a figment of the brain !
—some strange abstract entity, with the concrete j
attribute of drinking lager beer in the regions
above the sun. [Great laughter.] They wanted i
to confirm another class of abolitionists, like the i
inveterate abolitionist who used to lepresent the i
Ashtabula distuct of Ohio in this H ouse. I moan !
lion. Joshua R. Giddings, now consul general to I
the CiiiKuias.^ They wanted to confirm* Helper !
the author of the Helper Book, indorsed by the' I
.Republican members of Congress, and which ;
urged robberyfrnu:der,atid insurrection,in order, j
by violence, to rid the country of slavery. I might
enlarge the catalogue of abolitionists until the
House were surfeited.' Hence it was that Judge
Douglas declared that the Republicans were re-
sponsible far not making an amicable adjustment
of our troubles. In his opinion, they were will-
ing to welcome civil war, and all its attendant
horrors, from a mere greed for office and to re-
ward the anarchs and destructionists of the land.
Ilence it is that, before God and the country, I
hold you, on the testimony of Douglas, responsi-
ble for the failure to settle these difficulties.
But lifter all had failed through Republican par-
tisanship and eieed for office, we came to the ex-
tra session of Congress. You will remember that,
with Douglas, we doubted if ever war could re-
claim the southern States. We thought then
that war alone would widen the abyss. We plead
—you know how even so humble a member as my-
self plead—against the arbitrament of the sword
for the settlement of these feuds of the sections,
but we plead in vain. Douglas told you war was
disunion. But war cainc! It is unnecessary for
me to say who struck the first blow. It is idle
now to argue who provoked the blow that was first
struck. You know it all. Wfc came to the extra
session of 1861. We were still, as ever, loyal,
law-abiding. We were willing to do our all for
the Government. Sadly we acted as the coadjutors
of force. But the great drama of blood having
been begun, not by our aid or comfort, we acted
on the side of the Government—loyally, firmly,
sadly. We could not do otherwise, so help us
God! The record of th^t session will show how
we supported the Administration, which we had
not contributed to place in power. I remember
well when on the 15th of July, 1861, General
McClernand, oflilinois, oflered the folio wing; res-
olution. (flouse Journal, first session, Thirty-
beventh Congress, page 78:)
" Wlieu'as a portion of ihe people ofrhe United State*,
fn violation ot their coiMinitionul obligation*, have taken
up aiuiH a«.un.vt tiie nation.U tiu\eminent, and aie now
ftiiviny, bv a-^roMve and iniquitous vvai, to overtlnow it
and break up ttte Union of tiioaP .States: Tlieietore,
_ "■ lirsolvcil, That tln> Ilou-e lieiebv pledges itself to vote
for any amount of money and any number of men winch
I may be nocet-.vnry to insure the f-peedv and effectual hup-
! predion ot said lebelhon, and tin; peinianent lestoratton of
the Federal authority ev<-i>vvheie within the hunts and
juusdietum ot the United States"
February 24,
ih
I find nearly every memberofthisHouse, upon
is side, voting for that resolution. There were
but five votes against it; and of those three of them
are nq^r absent and openly disloyal to the Gov-
I eminent. Did you wautanythmgmoie—anything
j better than that? You sought harmony among
I ail parties at that time. All"the men and all the
money that was wanted was granted by our votes.
Your Piesident asked for four bundled thousand
men and we gave him five hundred thousand, he
asked $400,000,000 and we gave lum $500,000,000.
Whenever lie came here asking men and money,
we gave them to him. Could we do more? Were
we copperheads for thai ? Were we disloyal men
for that? What followed? Shortly afterwaids the
j venerable member from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] offered his resolution as tu the purposes of
the war. All of us joined in its adoption. It was
, offered for the very pmpose of declaring how the
j men and money should be used, and that this war
should be earned on for the one great purpose of
restoring the Federal authority everywhere, and
not for the interference with or destruction of the
! institutions of any State—meaning slavery—and
j that when the object of Federal supremacy was
j accomplished the wat should stop. We gave it
j oui adhesion as the direction which we were to
, follow in the pursuit of thus war against this rebel-
lion What more could we do and be faithful? .
Could we havedon^ less? We were only pursu- !
ing what we had declared before in our speeches '
here. j
I remember a scene which was recalled to my '
mind by some remarks from the gentleman from !
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn*.] J was a member of this
Congress when State after State sent here their or-
dinances ot secession. I recall t he first motion that
was made by a member from Florida, (Mr. Haw-
kins,) who sat in that seat occupied by my friend
from Maiyland, [Mr. Ckisfield,] to be e-xcused
from seivic" upon a committee raised tocompio-
tmse these troubles. He gave us as a reason that
his State was already resolved to secede. I then
said that I would not vote to excuse him when he
gave such a seditious reason. And when after-
wards secession speeches were made, 1 had the
honor as the first member of this House to strug-
gle for the floor with my friend General McCIer-
nand to denounce thedoctnnc of secession as alien
to the Constitution, bad in theory, and worse in
practice. T picture now the scene which took place
here after General McClernand and myself had
concluded our speeches, and when the present
postmaster general of the confederate States (Mr.
Regan) denounced us as the tail of the abolition
kite. Great God! that I should ever have lived
to have had such a reproach, even from a rebel!
[Laughter.] We who have been striving to keep
this war in its proper direction, so as thereby to
make it successful, if success can be had, and the
Union restored at all by coercion; we who have
stood here from the first to sustain this Govern-
ment and this Administration, which we did not
contribute to place in power, do not deserve the
contemptuous reproaches cast upon us by ingrates
upon the other siue. Coppei heads, are we ? Cop-
perheads ! I would not follow this pitiable exam-
ple of discourtesy by speaking of other sorts
of heads, either cabbage heads or blockheads.
[Laughter.] I would not hurl such epithets across
this Chamber. It would be unparliamentary, and
I forego the luxury of being out of order here. I
know the gentlemen are dead-heads, and that is
the reason why, on the principle of de mortuis
nil nisi boniun, I speak of them with respect.
[Laughter.] 1
11 has been laid down by the best eth ieal writers
upon free government that it is perfectly right and
proper to encourage criticism upon the adminis-
tration of public affairs. We were taught that
in the first English literature we read in our lan- -
guage. John Milton dedicated his grandest work,
the "Areopigitica," to the defense of free speech
and unlicensed printing. Even in the Corps Le-
gislate' of France now thefullestdebate isallowed
to the opponents of the reigning dynasty and
Us measures, oven of war. The noblest use of
fiee speech m tins or any free country is to criti-
cise closely the political conduct of our agents.
Hence in England it became a part of the consti-
tution to have what is called a 44 constitutional op-
position. " There is always a party out of power
to watch the party in power. Why? Because,
as was remaiked the other day, power tends to
slide from the many to the few. It tends to ag-
grandize itself, it grows by what it feeds on. A
healthy state of the body-politic requires a party
at all times, standing upon the fundamental law
as the basis of its existence, and fearlessly vigil-
ant against the encroachments of power. This is
the present mission of the Democracy. We as-
sume now no further responsibility. We have
never failed to appeal to the Constitution as the
guide of our conduct. We, who have opposed this
aiKlsnnilar bills, have done so because we thought
tnem infringements upon the Constitution. It is
for this that gentlemen on the other side hurl at
us epithets of " sacossion sympathizers," " dis-
loyal men," « copperheads.*" I am yet to learn
that any member upon this side has yet gone out-
side of the proper constitutional opposition to this
Administration. You cannot point to a single act,
or to a single vote, or to a single speech uttered
by us, looking to any opposition to this Govern-
ment. Our opposition is to the continued and per-
sistent breaches of our Constitution. Every-.vote
upon this side, and every speech, has been in favor
of some mode, one inodr by one, and another
mode by another, of sustaining this Government
to the end. No proposition forii separation ofthe
Union^has ever come from this side of the Cham-
ber. None, none. The only proposition of that
soit, as was remarked the other day by my friend
fioni Indiana, [Mr. IIolman,] emanated from a
gentleman who has always acted with the other
side, [Mr, Conway ] He tried the other day to
explain his position. I have since read his reso-
lotion m order to get the benefit of his explana-
j tion. But as 1 read his resolution, it says, as re-
,1 ported in his printed speech, " that the Executive
jj be, ami he is hereby, requested to issue a general
Ij on er to all commanders of forces in the several
;| military departments of the United States to dis-
; continue oftensive operations against the enemy,
ij and to actfor the future entirely on the defensive."
I "'e be. and lie is hereby, re-
5 qutstcd to enter into negotiations with the authorities ot
