1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the generals for the Army, to manage the whole :
conccrn, could not be taken from Congress, fiom
the Senate and the House of Representatives. We
can pick oat here generals to head the Army and
manage all these affairs, because we could do it
from an intuitive appreciation that we havet>fall
these things,and a perfect understanding of them;
but unfortunately wciiave other duties to perform,
and we have to content ourselves with the kind
of officers we can get while we are discharging
these. I really hope, sir, that we shall have a
vote on the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am obliged to the Sen-
ator from Maine for his advice to the Senate. I
do not propose to occupy the time of the Senate
at any length on this subject, but to make some
few suggestions, and one or iwo to the Senator
from Illinois, because it is somewhat particular
as to him.
He has informed the Senate that he has received
a great many letters fium his constituents hostile
to the institution at West Pointand to West Point
officers. I remember very well,and the Senator
may remember when I suggest it to him, that a
great many Illinois troops went into the war
against Mcxico. He will remember, as I remem-
ber, that they found great complaint against Gen-
eral Churchill, the inspector general. He was
too severe upon them, and they did not like his
system. General Wool was obnoxious to the
whole volunteer force who were on General Tay-
lor's line, There was hardly a man in the vol-
unteer force from the Senators State that was not
ready to denounce both the inspector general and
General Wool, who had general charge of that
movrmontunderGeneral Taylor. After the bat-
tle of Buena Vista had been foughtand won, there
were no two men as much thought of in Illinois
as General Churchill and General Wool, the se-
vere disciplinarians. They had compelled them
to learn how to conduct themselves m ordei of
battle, how to keep their anus in pioper order,
how to march into the field, and how to win vic-
tories.
Now let me say a word in reply to another re-
mark of the Senatorfrom Illinois. He says that
to he an eminentengmeer officerdisquahfies a man
from command in the field. Does he remember
that the greatest soldier of modern times was an
officer of engineers ? In what school was the great
Napoleon taught ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senatoi docs nut
state me quite aceuratcly. 1 say it is not calcu-
lated to qualify him for command. As 1 said m
my rerruu ks, he may, in spite of being an engineer,
be a very good commander in the field. 1 know
there were such instances.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The greatest soldier of
modern times was an engineer, and received his
education in arms, not merely m engineering but
in artillery and in ail the departments of the ser-
vice, as does every graduate of WestPoint. Emi-
nence in all the departments of study m the Acad-
emy qualifies a poison to enter the Army as an
engineer. Let me ask the Senator, does eminence
as a lawyer disqualify a person, because he has
obtained high honors in his profession, fiom being
a general in the Army? Does eminence as a
physician, because a man has devoted his atten-
tion to that subject, or eminence m mercantile
affairs, or commerce, or m the arts, disqualify a
man from a commanding position in the A my?
If I understand it aright, eminence is won by great
ability and great ambition; and great ability with
gieat ambition must be concentrated in a great
commander. If it is true that to have any military
science, to be most eminent in his school, and
therefore an engineer, disqualifies a man from
command, you destroy the qualifications of all
eminent men, men of great minds and of great
ambition. The fact Unit a man has graduated at
West Point is proof that he is a man of brains
and a man of ambition, that he had the capacity
and the ambition to acquire both the intellect and
chaiacter. It does not follow, because a man has
studied engineering m a military school that he
has not studied all the other blanches of military
science. In order to be appointed to the engineer
corps, it is necessary for him to study them all
well, and in all the departments belonging to
military science to prove himself the mastei of
his fellows.
Now, in regard to military schools, the Senator
fiom Illinois would not pretend thata person who
had never read any of the elementary books upon
law would make as good a lawyer as himself. He
would not pretend that a person who had never
studied public affairs, and never entered a council
chamber, would make as good a statesman as
himself. He would not undertake to say that a
person who had never gone into a blacksmith's
shop and made a horsc-shoe could make as good
a horsc-shoe as a blacksmith. I know that men
can approximate to these things, for I once saw a
man, who was not even a carpenter, make a good
axlctree, but he did not make it as good as a
wagon maker and blacksmith could do it. We
have to learn all these things. The gentleman,
now, cannot himself—and he is an ambitious man,
and has learned many things, and, for aught 1
know, may be ambitious to be a leader of this war
—put a squad through the manual of arms. This
knowledge is essential to the organizing of armies.
lie speaks of gentlemen called from WestPoint
to command troops in his own State. Who are
they ? 1 know two, who led their regiments in the
field. One was General Buford, who has since
been promoted to a generalship for gallantry on
the field. He was a graduate of West Point, He
served in the Army, and had retired from the ser-
vice. He is now in the city. The gentleman
knows him well. He has honored the cause of
the country. Another is General Grant. I be-
lieve his qualities as a soldier have not boon dis-
puted. He was a colonel in the State of Illinois.
They sought these persons to lead their men.
Have they proved themselves qualified for the
trust? From being colonels, one rose to the com-
mand of a brigade and the other to a major gen-
eralship in our Army.
Mr. President, 1 do not believe that Senators
should allow their own judgments to be worked
upon by letters written by men at home on this
subject,and I honoi the Senator from Iowa, who
undertakes himself to be a leader, not a follower
of opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot see the force of
the argument of the Senator from California, that
because a person who has not served an appren-
ticeship in a blacksmith shop cannot make a
horse-shoe as well as the man who is a black-
smith and has learned the trade, therefore a man
who has learned at West Point to take asquadion
through the manual necessanly should knowany
better how to command a hundred thousand men
when he nevei saw two thousand together than a
man who did not know how to shoulder arms.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
mo to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is there a man who is
not a graduate of West Point, now serving m the
Army or out of the Army, with whom the Sena-
tor would trust the command of one hundred thou-
sand men ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question asked by the
Senator from California whether I would take up
a new man who had not been in the Army at all
to take the command of seven or eight hundred
thousand men who had been serving for a year or
two is a vei y singular one. I suppose that the men
who have served in the Army and have learned the
science of war on the battle-field, are quite as com-
petent as the men outside of the At my. They
have been with the one bundled thousand and seen
them together. But we are talking about an in-
stitution upon the Hudson river, where no armies
have been, and where men are educated theoreti-
cally in the science of wai, if you please, as well
as \i can be taught m a school without any prac-
'{ tical experience in the field. I do not think that
• | the cases which the gentleman puts are at all anal-
'' ogous, or that u follows at all, because a person
j! who has not studied In wdoes not understand law as
;j well as one who has, that theiefore a man who has
j been at West Point must of necessity undeistand
jj bettei the management of one hundred thousand
■ I men than one who has not been at West Point,
> neither having ever had any experience in the field
:j or seen hirge bodies of men together. I am not
'j the advocate of ignorance, as against science, but
do not behove that the officers educated at West
Point have monopolized all the military talent or
science in the country. Why, sn, the man who
has not been at West Point may know just as
much about the management of an army of a hun-
dred thousand men in the field as the man who
has been there. Neither of them has had any op-
portunity to show his knowledge and skill; I re-
marked when I was up before that none of your
commanding generals, who have under theft* aft
the armies of the United States, I believe everros©
higher than the grade of captain before this war";
and I am told now by a Senator sitting near rite
[Mr. Wadb] that the General-in-Chief never saw
a ball fired by an enemy. I do not know haw
true that is.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Does the Senator say
that General Halieck never saw an engagement?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator on my left
[Mr. Wade] intimates that he was never under
fire. I do not know how that is.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator is mistaken.
General Halieck served on the staff in the whole
of the Mexican campaign".
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps he did serve in
that war. He has not been under lire, probably,
in this. Nor do I see the force of the clinching
argument of the Senator from Maine who regrets
exceedingly that Congress cannot furnish all the
commanders, and therefore West Point must be
kept m existence. That was with a great deal of
self-complacency announced to the Senate as clos-
ing the debate; that he regretted exceedingly that
we could not furnish from Congress all the com-
manders of our armies, that there was such won-
derful ability here, and therefore the inference is
irresistible that because there was most wonder-
ful ability here, you must have an appropriation
for West Point. I presume the Senator saw the
force of that argument and regarded it as con-
clusive, as he called upon the Senate to cease dis-
cussion, and vote on the bill on that statement.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall occupy about ten min-
utes, and not longer, in this debate.
Mr. President, I have always been taught to be-
lieve that war was an art,and that, like any other
art, it has to be learned. What is ship-building
but an art? Is it not learned by study and experi-
ence and practice? What is constructing roads,
macadamized turnpikes, and railroads, but an art?
I have to believe that where men have studied a
business which is an art, and by assiduous read-
ing and reflection and careful practice have learned
something about it, they are much more compe-
tent to execute their respective arts, and to excel
in them, than if thoy had never studied or learned
anything about them. 1 agree that the highest
1 properties of a great military commander arc a
' natural endowment. A Caesar,a Hannibal, a Bo-
! naparte, a Cromwell, wore given by their Creator
i the great faculties and qualities that constituted
' them great commanders; but Cromwell himself,
j with all his great genius and vigor, would have
| been in earlier life an accomplished commander
| if he had'had the benefit of a military education.
| The other great captains had such an education.
! Well, sir, I say that this military art, so far as it
j is to be acquired, must be studied and learned just
; like any other art, and we must have schools and
| exercises in which to learn it.
| Another proposition 1 make. We may learn
i by our enemies; and our enemies, the secession-
| ists, we may Ieatn something useful and valuable
from them also. How does this matter of mili-
tarv commanders stand in the confederate armies?
Let us glance very hastily at their armies in that
respect. Who are the civilians that have figured
as statesmen, as politicians, as congressional
orators who have been playing parts as generals
in the confederate armies? I will give a few of
their names. There is Wise,Toombs,Zollicoffcr,
Cobb, Floyd, Breckinridge,Hindman, and Hum-
phrey Marshall.
Mr. CLARK. Do not forget Pryor.
Mr. DAVIS. And the immortalPryor. [Laugh-
!j ter.J Pillow is another. He has had the advan-
| tagc of experience in two wars; he was in the
, Mexican war, and he built the ditch on the wrong
,j side. Isthatanevidenceofmilitaryskill? [Laugh-
l' tcr.] If he had been educated at West Point, I
, daie say he never would have committed that
■; blunder, at any rate.
; Now, Mr. Piesident, let us take a view of the
generals who have been educated at WestPoint,
and who have rendered service,and broughtglory
j' even upon the confederate arms by their skill in
'! war and by their ability as captains; I will do
them that honor. There is Robert E. Lee, Joseph
: E. Johnson, Albert S. Johnston, Stonewall Jack-
ij son, Stuart, Longstreet, Bragg, one of the Hills
i! at least, and Magruder.
