332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. POSTER. Both.
Mr. DAVIS. There are about an equal num-
ber of commanders in the confederate army from
military schools, with scientific military educa-
tion, with men of fine natural ability, who have
figured in the civil walks of life. Which of those
classes of generals have been the most formidable
enemies to our armies and to our country, and
which of them have rendered the most valuable
and signal services to the confederate cause r For
myself, sir, I wish that the armies of the con-
federates had been commanded in every field by
these civil generals, and that the generals who
were educated at West Point had been ever ab-
sent from them. The results to our arms would
have been very different.
Mr. President, the parallel run in relation to the
classes of commanders—'those that are brought
from civil life, and those from military schools in
the confederate armies—illustrates the question
that we are now discussing.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky if Humphrey Marshall
was not educated at West Point?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think he was.
Mr. GRIMES. He was a graduate at the foot
of the class.
Mr. FOSTER. He did not get enough of West
Point to hurt him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. He may have been educated there,
but if he was, he won so 3 title fame as a warrior
or commander, that I was not even impressed
with the fact that he had been educated at West
Point. At any rate, his case dues not affect the
force of the argument the one way or the other.
Mr. GRIMES. With the leave of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, I will state as an illustration
of his argument, that General Ripley, who com-
mands at Charleston, and has fortified that city for
the rebels, is a graduate of West Point; General
Lawton who commands at Savannah, and has for-
tified that place for them, is a graduate of West
Point; and General Leadbcater who did command
at Mobile, and fortified that place, is also a gradu-
ate of West Point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Everybody admits they
are very well fortified.
Mr. DAVIS. Ilere, Mr. President, is a prop-
osition that I think no man can doubt or deny,
that if there are two men of equal natural parts who
are setting up to be candidates for employment in
a complicated, difficult, and importan t art, and one
of them has never had the benefit of any instruction,
study, or experience whatever m the art, and the
othci has had the benefit of the most mature and
laborious instruction and training in it, the latter
is incomparably better qualified than the former
to practice it. That, to my mind, is just as plain
as that two and two are foui.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will ihn Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question right
there?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose neither of them
ever saw five thousand men together at all, then
does it necessarily follow because a man knows
how to manage sixty-four men, that he knows
better than anybody else how to manage six hun-
dred thousand?
Mr. OA VIS. Mr. President, I would rather
take a man who knew how to manage sixty-four
men, than a man who did not know how to man-
age one man, [laughter:] and I would rather take
a man with a military education at West Point,
who had seen nothing but the exercises of the
cadets, to command a body of men, if he had equal
natuial intellect, than any civilian that you could
name. I do not eaie how he had distinguished
himself m the halls of Congu-ss, in the couits as
a forcnsic orator, or on theVnch as a judge. It
just recurs back to this gencial proposition, that
a man knows something more of a subject because
he has learned and studied it, than he would know
if he had not learned and studied it at ali. That
is the whole of it. Why, sir, give me any graduate
of West Point. 1 have been there myself, and I
have seen one or two of then-exhibitions. i know
the thoroughness of their military education; and,
an the gentleman fiom California remarked, they
there receive the advantage of education in cveiy
military department, as engineers, as artillerists,
and infantry officer; and they are endeavored to be
qualified for any form of service to which their
country may call them. To say that a man thus edu-
cated, thoroughly educated,of fine natural intellect,
is not better qualified than a man of equal natural
mind, who has not received a day's education in
he various branches of this most difficult art, is
perfectly preposterous. Mr. President, when I
employ a tailor, a blacksmith, a watchmaker, a
physician, a lawyer, or a general, I employ the
man who has had an opportunity of becoming
skillful, learned, and able in his vocation, in pref-
erence to him who has never studied it, been
taught in it, or practiced it; and that is the prac-
tical judgment of the world.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, as I objected to
this bill, and as all tlieaiguments which have been
made in opposition to the suggestions which I
threw out are entirely aside from any objections
that I professed to make against its passage, I can-
not suffer the debate to close upon a speech like
that of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. It was short, at any rate.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, it was very short; but
it was very sophistical. I do not know that any
opponent of this bill contends that a man who
betakes himself to the study of any art or science
is not apt to make more proficiency in it than a
man who docs not turn his attention to it at all.
The Senator from Kentucky has argued very
elaborately to show that such is the fact, and yet
I do not know of any man who disputes it; cer-
tainly I am not one of those who dispute it. I
know very well that in military science, as in the
mechanic arts, or in any other science, a man
must elaborately study its principles, if he wishes
to become a proficient in n. There is no doubt
about that, and nobody here stands up to contra-
dict any such idea. The atguments made in favor
of the bill arc very easily made when the real op-
position is perverted in that way.
There is another way of arguing this question
that has been thoroughly answered by my friend
from Illinois, and that is, appealing to the preju-
dices of mankind, as though we argued that no
good officer could ever have emanated from the
West Point school. Sir, 1 know that there have
been among its graduates many very eminent men,
many that 1 have the most exalted estimation for.
When you speak of Rosecrans it inspires me with
enthusiasm. I know he is a man of gallantly
and of skill. He is the man who retrieved a de-
feat and turned it into a victory, as has well been
said, by his personal skill, courage, and gallantry
upon the field. He emanated from West Point,
and he is none the worse foi that; but it was that
nature of his that would have made a nobleman
anywhere; and if he had studied in a school of
his own State, or in some public institution of
any other State, he would have been as he is, a
noble, gallant patiiot, worthy to manage and to
command the armies of the General Government.
Nobody stands heic to find fault with any man who
has distinguished himself, whether fiom West
Point or anywhere else, and it is but mere soph-
istry to attempt to give the arguments in opposi-
tion to this bill that unpopular turn, as though we
were finding fault with your most meritorious
officers, as though we were the advocates of ig-
norance. That is not the argument. I know they
have men of great skill, great military science, in
the rebel aimy. I know, and this is not to the
honor of the institution either, that Jefferson Davis
declared that he had his choice out of all of its
graduates. He stood forth, the arch-rebel; the
orch-fiond of this rebellion stood up and declared
that he had his choice of the whole of the gradu-
ates of West Point. I do not believe it. Jeffer-
son Davis said so, and some have almost satd
that Jefferson Davis is an honorable man. I do
not believe i r, however. He had his choice of the
whole of them, he says, and he took the very
cieantof thorn. I can tell you how that happened.
That is my objection to youi institution. This
institution for more than thiity years has been
under the absolute dominion of your southern
aiistocrats. That is the real objection to it. I
say emphatically, that for the last twelve years it
lias been entirely and utterly under the dominion
of southern aristocrats, who have put their crea-
tures in tbeie, and have taught rebellion as a
science more than they have any other military
science.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the fault of the
Academy.
Mr. WADE. It was the fault of the admin-
istration of the Academy; and I will show you
how it worked, and everybody knows how it
worked. We select an unsophisticated young
man and put him in this institution, and before he
is permitted to learn military science, lie is taught
to despise his own democratic section of the coun-
try^and is taught to despise labor, and the sim-
plicity of our northern institutions; and he is
taught there to admire above all things that two-
penny, miserable slave aristocracy of the South,
That he is taught as a science, and he is debarred
of good society there unless he will come up and
indorse these doctrines. That is how these men
have all been perverted, except such masterspir-
its as could overcome a vicious education, and
rise superior to it. Ail your small men, in order
to get through, were first made able to pronounce,
and. compelled to pronounce, the shibboleth of*
southern aristocracy and southern society, turn-
ing their backs, as I said before, on the simplicity
of the equal institutions and the just institutions
of the North. Hence it is, as my friend from
Kansas has said, that you can hardly find a grad-
uate from West Point who is not heartily now
the supporterof southern institutions, who really,
in his heart of hearts, does not despise his own
institutions. It was the only way he could get
through. If you sent a young man there for an
education; a young gentleman of spirit; proud of
his own extraction; proud of his northern birth;
too stubborn and too spirited to succumb to this
education, some fault was found with him; he had
a great many marks against him; he missed a
a great many recitations. There was some means
found by which lie was turned off before receiv-
ing a certificate as second lieutenant of engineers.
That was the character of theinstitution, undeni-
ably so; and consequently, it has turned out that
the whole batch were imbued with the southern
secession doctrine, which was taught as ascicnce;
and as my friend from Kansas has said, I have
hardly ever conversed with one of them who is
really a democrat in his heart: I mean not a.
democrat in the party sense, but in the real sense
of the word. They have learned to despise the
laboring people of their own section; turn up their
noses at every one, and think thereis nothing that
is a paragon of excellence but southern aristoc-
iaey. I ask the advocates of this system has not
that been the practice?
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator say it is so
now ?
Mr. WADE. I say it is so now. The evil of
that pernicious poison is in the very heart of the
institution, and how long it will continue God
only knows. I judge it by its fruits.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish the Senator would an-
swer the question whether that condition of things
exists now, or whether he merely alludes to its
existence during the time that Mr. Davis and Mr.
Floyd and Mr. Conrad were Secretaries of War,
and had control of the Academy.
Mr. WADE. I believe the evil of their teach-
ing adheres to it now, and will to the third and
fourth generations. I do not believe you can re-
form it all at once. The Senator, by his question,
seems to admit the bearing of what I have said
upon it. If he does not, I want him to answer
me.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course I do not admit, Mr.
President, any such thing as the Senator has said,
in his opinion, existed: that any young man was
fraudulently cheated out of his position in the
Academy by putting black marks against him be-
cause of his political antecedents, or because of the
opinion of his parents or friends, or the section of
country from which he came. If the Senator means
by his argument here to-day to convey the idea that
the Military Academy, during tUe administration
of Mr. Conrad, and of his successor, Mr. Davis,
and then of his successor, Mr. Floyd, was man-
aged for the advantage of the southern confeder-
acy; if he means that they were looking forward
to the tune of this insuneetion, and were hoping
to make men who would stand by them in this
exigency, I am willing to agree that he is correct;
but that the men who were instructors in the
Academy wpr<« tools of theirs, I utterly deny.
I can tell the Senator how the result of which
he complains was achieved. During the admin-
istration of those gentlemen, upon two occasions,
we increased the Army. We created two new
cavalry regiments some five years ago, since the
Seuator himself has been a member of this body.
Mr. Davis selected his favorites for the important
