1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
in airmail them fiom the Noith and the West enormous
masses ot the beleaguering foe; 11011 floating battel les again
crowd down upon her; and, even a- you read these words,
two hundred heavy guns may be thundering upon her de-
fenses, a Jmndrtd thousand men may be picking to the
stomi of her lampait?. Ajr.iin r-he will dnve them off, per-
haps. ard remain the tamou* maiden city of this hemi-
sphere, the bulwark of the West; £> o ho it S but the vision
v;e see on the Mtsi-lssippt does not look very like exhaus-
tion or despair on tin- pait of the foe just yet.
"And again, look to the mouth of the mighty river. New
Orleans id not a maiden city, alas! The base rag that lias so
often been rent and trampled before Richmond and before
Vicksbui" flies from all the towers ot that deflowered city.
Hordes of hungry Yankees, armed to the teeth, sit in the
shade of her orange groves, and station negro guards over
the mansions ofh< > noblest citizens. Ail ht r l>e*t and fair-
est have lo lament eveiy day that their goodly city had not
been laid in as-hes before it became a haunt of obscene crea-
tures. No sign of relaxation there I And, hut a shoitway
otf, Mobile, by the chores of her -pacious bay, keeps dili-
gent watch and waid. expecting, in the light ofeaehmoin-
ingsun, to^ee the thnce-aceui&ed stars and stupes gleaming
tlnouixh the smoke of a bombarding squadron. All along
the Gulf,and around the coast of Florida, fins omnipiesent
enemy, who is said to have just been playing his last card,
shutting up eveiy river and planting his guns on every
strong place. Savannah, shut m from' the tea by I^ort Pu
Istekt, in the hands of the same inveterate Yankee, listens
for the first boom of the arulieiy that is to level her walls
with her sandy soil; and Charleston, grimly calm, but
with beating heart, brands waning the onset of the great
armada.
4< Those few acres of old Oyster Point, it seems, already
swept and deva^ted by conflagrations, arc tt> bo the object
and the piize of the most potent aimament by far that
American waters have ever seen. Tlu< veiy moment, it
may be, the black AfbnHor batteries aie steaming between
Stmitci and Moultrie. No sign'* of lelaxaiion, of discour-
agement, and despair in the enemy here ! Pass further,
and you will find the whole coast horn Charleston to Nor-
folk, and eveiy wver to the head of tide-water, and every
crc«-k ami sound formed by the sea islands, swarming with !
their gunboats and transports, ready to pour in ma^es of i
Hoops wherever thcie la d chance ot plunder, bridge-bum- j
Jug, and geneial havoc. '
•'Front Norfolk, ail aiound by Chesapeake and Potomac, !
we are guarded hy gunboats, ami no living thing (save !
skulking smugglers) suffered to enter oi go out. On the i
Rappahannock two liundred thorn-ami men watt lor a dry-
ing wind to move * on to Kiehmond' ouee mote, led bv a '
genuine npo^le of extermination. At last the savage alio- :
htiom.stsol Massachusetts have the right man in the light 1
place. Heretofore they have utiiei wished the defeat <>l ,
Lincoln's generals on the Potomac, because thev seemed j
to be soldier* and not thieves or assassins ; hut with Hooker '
they feel at home; under Hooker they count upon owning !
southern plantations and giving law to southern vassals, f
To possess hunseifof the propeity of others agenuine Van-
kee, will, perhaps, even tight
"And uotthwe&tcrn Vityuna is desolated by Milroy and |
his men; and Kentucky, and the half ot Tennessee, the i
richest and faucet lands ot all the West, are entirely in the 1
clutch ot the enemy, while the rivers bring them up fleets
of tr.inspoits, and Roseeiaus, with another huge .uiny, |
thioatens tosweep all opposition from his path and join the
other Inigands who arc crowding upon Vick.-hurg. ;
'* Where, mall this wide cucu.t. does tnc invasion seem :
to be lainting or giving ground? AH loumi tin: bolder,and
In the veiy heait ot the conieil« i<ic \, the foot ot ihe enemy •
Is planted and hi" telon tldi ilie^ *, ;md it means subjugation S
and extermination. It is. indeed, the thtuKtage of the vvat, i
and we believe the last; biuthcstiUL'gic will be desperate. 1
Tf it bv: the 1 hist catd,' it is one ou winch the stake is life 1
or death, honor oi shame ; eitln i oui name and nation will !
be extinguished m a night of blood and hotrnr, oi else a new
soveieiffnty.the newest, tain M, proudest, will take het seat |
among the Powers of the eaith, with the applaose ot man j
and the blessings of Heaven/' j
I do not wonder that those who find in the in- I
tenia! revenue bill a mere means of extending the j
corrupt patronage of the Government, and m the j
bank bill and the bill now before the House only i
the complicated agencies of unconstitutional and !
despotic power, should, in view of the Richmond '
Enquiret'  complaints, feel that the machinery of '
the Crovei mn« nt i* i unnmgu little wrong. A nother J
Bull Run disaster, Peninsular campaign, oi day of i
fruitless slaughter at Antietam, would probably i
attest the running of the machine in better accord j
with the gentleman's wishes. |
But let uie briefly turn to the gentleman from i
Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] In the course of his tirade
against the Administiation and its policy, mis- li
represent' g both, he indulged his sportive mood
by quoting an alleged puvate letter of the dead '
Douglas. Oli that Douglas lived to-day J How j
would he rebuke men who make such speeches j!
and gloss them over with his name! Hcsaystheie jl
was a letter from Senator Douglas showing that i'
a compromise would have been made had it not !j
been essential to the Republicans to drive certain :
gentlemen fiom the donate in order to secure the i!
eunfitmatton of men whom the Ptesident desired 1
to nominate to high offices, such as Schurz, Clay,
&c. Senator Douglas was a truthful man. Let
meansuer the gentleman from the columns of the
Qjobe, and let the Dem-jcrdtic Senator from Cal-
iforn ia, [Mr. Latham,] and the fit successor of the
euga and Into of the Hermitage, Axsajtw John-
son, vindicate history and the buried Senator from
this foul aspersion.
The speech of the grand old " proconsul," as
some gentlemen on the other side delight in call-
ing military governors and successful generals,
will be found in the forty-sixth volume of the
Globe. I quote ftom page 487. Senator John-
son said:
"The Senator told us that the adoption of the Clark
amendment to the Crittenden resolutions defeated the set-
tlement of the questions of controversy; and that, but for
that vote, all could have been peace and prosperity now.
We were told tiiat the Clark amendment defeated the Ci it-
tenden compromise, and prevented a settlement of the con-
troversy. On this point I will read a portion of the'speech
ot my woithy and talented friend fiom California, [Mr.
Latham ;] and when I speak of him thus, / do it in no un-
meaning sense. I intend that he, not I, shall answer the
Senator fiom Delaware. 1 know that sometimes, when
gentlemen are fixing up their pretty riietoncal flourishes,
tiiey do not take tune to see all the sharp coiners they may
encounter. If they can make a readable sentence, and
lloat on m a smooth, easy stream, all goes well, and they
are satisfied. As I have said, the Senator from Delaware
told us that the Cla) k amendment was the turning point in
the whole matter; that from it had flowed rebellion, iev-
olution, war, tin' shooting and impugnment ot people in
different States— peih ip- lie meant to include my own.
This was the Pandora's box that has been opened, out of
which all the ev,K that now afflict the land have flown
Thank God, I still have hope that all will yet be saved.
My worthy friend nom California, [Mi. Latham,] duiing
the last session of Congress, made one of the best speeches
he ever made. I bought five thousand copies of it foi d's-
tubution,but I had no constituents-to send them to, [laugh-
ter,] and they have been lying in your doeuinent-iooni ever
since, with the exception of a few, which I thought would
do good m home quaiteis. in the couise of that speech,
upon this very point, he made use of these remarks :
" ' Mr. President, being last winter a careful eye-witness
of all that oceuned, I soon became satisfied that it was a de-
| libei ate, vvilltul design, on the pat t of some i epresentatives
| ot southern States, to neize upon Ihe election of Mr. Ltn-
! coin merely asan excuse to piecipitate this revolution upon
j the country. One evidence, to my mind, is the fact that
j South Caiohna never sent her Senators here.'
j "Then they"ceitain!) wcie not mtluenced by the Clark
j amendment.
! v> k An additional evidence 15, that when gentlemen 011 this
1 floor, hy then votes,could havecontiolledlegislation, they
| refused to ca-t them lor teai that the veiy ptoposmons sub-
! mined to tins body might have an influence in changing the
j opinions oi'then constituencies. \Vhy,sn, when the re^o-
1 Unions submitted by the Senator fiom NevvIIainpshiie [Mr.
Clark] weie otfered asan amendment to the Ctittenden
propositions, for the manifest puiposc of etnbairassing the
lattei, and the vote taken on the Ifith of January, 1861,1 ask,
what did we see? There were fifty-five Senators at that
tune upoti this floor 111 person. The Globe ot the second
session, Thirty-Sixth Congress, pait i,pagc 409, shows that
upon the call of the yeas and nays immediately preceding
the vote on the substituting ot Mr. Cl\rk's amendment,
there were tilty-five votes east. I will read the vote from
the Globe:
u ' Yi-.as—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Ringham, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Coll.nnei, Dixon, Doohttle, Duikee, Fea-
senden, Foot. Foster, Gi lines. Hale, Ilat lan, King, Sewaid,
Simmon-. Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiuinbull, VVade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—k3 i
' Nays — Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Blgler, Ht.igg,
Bright, Chngmnn, Ctittenden, Douglas, Fitch, Gteeu,
Gwiu, Hemphill, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Arkansas
Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy, liaue, Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, Pe.iree, Polk, Powell, I'ugh, iiice, Saulsbuiy,
Sebastian, Slulell, and \\ tgl'all— 30.
" vThe vote being taken immediately after on the Clark
proposition, was as follows:
'• * Ycas—Messr< Anthony, Baker, Binsbam, Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Collamer, l)i\on, Doolittie, Duikee, Fes-
senden Foot, Fo^tei, Gi imes, Hale, Harlan, King, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—125.
" * \ ■vys—Miosis. Bayaid, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cling-
man, Cnttenden, Fitch, Gieen, Gwin, Uuntei, Johnson ot
Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
i'eaice. Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbuiy, and Sebas-
tian—'
'*' Six Scnaton retained their seats and refused to vote,
thus themselves allowing the Clark proposition to supplant
the Ctutendeu resolution hy a vote of twenty-five to twen-
ty thiee. Mr. Benjamin, o't Louisiana, Mr. Hemphill and
Mr. Wigfall, ol Texas Mr. rveu-ou. of Georgia, Mr. John-
son, ot Aikaiisas, and Mi. Slidell, of Louisiana, weie in
then seats, but leluscd to cast their votes.'
<v i sat light behind Mi. Benjamin, and I am notsuro that
my worthy fi iend was not elosu by, when he refused to vote,
and I said to him, ' Mr. Benjamin, why do you not vote >
Why not save this proposition,and see if we cannot bring
the country to 11." lie gave me lather an abrupt answer,
and said he would control his own action withoutconsult-
ing me or anybody else. Said 1,4 vote, and show yours"lf
an honest man.' As soon as*the vote was taken, he and
others telegiaphed South,' we cannot get any compromise.' j
Here were six southern men refusing to vote, when the :
amendment would have been icjeeted, by four majority, if j
they had voted. Who, then, has brought these evils on the I
counti* ? Was it Mi. Cluuc? He was acting out his own i
policy; but with the help we had ftom the othei side of the '
Chamber, it all those on this side had been true to the Con-
stitution and laithlul to their constituents and had acted
with fidelity to the country, tho amendment of the Senator
{ram New Hampshire could have been voted down, the de-
feat of which the Senator from Delaware uays would have
saved the country. Whose fault was it? Who Is resj>ons-
ible foi it.A f think that is not only getting the nail through,
but clenching u on U16 other side, and the whole staple coin.
modity is taken out of the speech. Who did it? Southern
traitors, as was said in the speech of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia. They did it. They wanted 110 compiomise. They
accomplished their object by withholding their votes; and
hencc the country has been involved in the present diffi-
culty."
Mark you, Mr. Speaker, the men who defeated
that compromise, in the spirit of falsehood and
misrepresentation which engendered this rebel*
lion, and which is here and now trying to sustain
it, walked out of the Hall and telegraphed to the
people they had infuriated that they could geX no
compromise.
Sir, this bill is important in another aspect.
Mr. KNAPP. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will state
any principle upon which I should yield to him,
I will do so.
Mr. KNAPP. I only wish to ask a question
in relation to the principles of Senator Douglas.
Mr. KELLEY. I have said what I desire to
upon that point. His writings are as well known
as are the writings and speeches of Webster.
And in this connection I may say that I was
deeply pained, the other night, at hearing, in the
course of a carefully prepared speech from my
colleague, [Mr. Stiles,] what purported to be an
extract from a speech of Daniel Webster, coup*
led with the announcement, somewhat defiantly
made, that he was ready to give the volume and
page from which lie quoted. The style of thought
and language was as unlike Webster's as hell is
to heaven. Jt was manifestly a lying forgery;
and when,in accordance with his offer, I requested
my colleague to name the volume that had so mis-
led him, he peremptorily declined.
Mr. STILES. I found that passage in a Bos-
ton paper—in a Republican abolition paper.
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague will pardon me;
I think he is mistaken. It must have been a
Democratic paper. None other could h^ve any
interest in circulating so vile and inflammatory a
foigery. But if my colleague had said that he
quoted Webster upon newspaper report, it would
have been one thing; buthe announced with sus-
picious emphasis to the House and country that
lie was prepared to give the volume and the page,
and 1 will be obliged to him if he will furnish me
now or at any time the volume and page on which
it may be found. If he will, I promise to incor-
porate the passage m my speech, when printed,
with due reference.
But,sir,as I was aboutsaying when interrupted
by the gentleman from Illinois, there are Powers
beyond the Atlantic; France is there; England is
there; and the-passage of this bill will be an an-
1 nouncement to all Governments which feel dis-
j posed to meddle in our affairs that if they attempt
; it they will have an organized nation to meet,
j We will pass this bill not as a threat; we will pass
; it because the exigencies of the times requne it,
| and the knowledge that we have passed it will
' cioss the Atlantic in twelve days. Then states-
i men will see that they had better keep their fin*
gers out of our pie, lest they may find concealed
therein a steel trap with sudden and fatal spring.
Let the world know that wo have invested the
Government with the power, for three years to
conic, of calling every able-bodied man, who has
not upon himself the support of a widowed mother,
or brothers or sisters of tender age, to the defense
of his country. Let them understand that the
clergyman is to leave his desk, the laborer the
field, the mine, and the workshop, the lawyer his
office, and the legislator his seat, and every other
man his vocation; that we have made up our
minds, one and all, to march to the defense of jus-
tice and liberty, home and country, and that we
will, underthe Constitution,and by virtueofthose
powers sneered at as the war power—those rights
of a belligerent which superadd themselves to the
ordinary functions of the Government whenever
it engages in war—maintain the integrity of our
Government; and that we will, if need he, bring
every able-bodied man, irrespective of his color
or condition, into the field, that the foreigner who
dares, with unfriendly wish, invade our shores
shall die, and they will feel that we will not only
conquer the rebellion, but that we offer them a
fruitless field for intervention.
This is what this bill proposes to do. I care
not whether the clause touching " treasonabte
practices" be in or out of it. i act upon the the-
ory that self-defense inheres in the Government
as it does in man, and that those to whom tha
