1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"When it was dccided to adopt the principle of
" legal tender," there was no doubt that the ma-
jorities of both Houses who voted for it did so
because ihey considered it the least objectionable
of the measures under consideration. Here, per-
mit mc to say that I know of no greater trial for
a statesman or legislator than this: to he com-
pelled to choose between two measures when his
judgment condemns them both*, when his only
course is that laid down in the common maxim
of life, to choose the least of any number of evils.
The whole question is full of difficulties arising
out of the mutations of commerce as well as the
exigencies of nations. Numerous theories and
suggestions have been presented by prominent
citizens in various parts of the country; but all :
experience has demonstrated the impossibility of
securing lasting prosperity for any country which
persistently adheres to the use of a legalized but
irredeemable paper currency.
I have heard, with the inmost pain and regret,
some of the opinions expressed by gentlemen who
hold high official positions, and who, by long ;
careers of life spent in the legislative service of j
their country, have honorably won for themselves I
no small share of confidence from this House and ;j
from the people. In the great epoch of this age, ;i
I have turned with anxious expectation to the of- -i
ficiul report of the statesman who, by the desire !
of the President of the United States, and of a large !
portion of our fellow-citizens, has been chosen to ,
discharge the grave and arduous duties of the Sec- I
rotary of the Treasury, and to the speeches deliv-
ered in this House by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. DifFeung, as I do,
from the Secretary of the Treasury on that cai-
dinal question of our day, the stiict application of
free local self-government alike to northern and
southern States, so far as it is compatible with the
maintenance of the Union, I hoped to have ween
him mindful of the distinction between prompti-
tude and procrastination, paying and promising
to pay, real money and that paper fiction which,
in the phraseology of the day, is called " legal
tender;" firm and stead fast in lus allegiance to those
principles of financial economy yet held by the
great party of which he was formerly a member,
and which commanded his respect and approval
through long years of calm reflection, when he
was unbiased by the disturbing mxluence of that j
one dark enigma now absorbing so huge a share 1
of public attention, and causing the expenditure |
of so much of our national substance, and the sac- ;
rifice of so many lives. I should have been deeply !
gratified if I had been able, by the support of the .
Government, to win from my political opponents |
the reputation I deserve, of being swayed by no ;
partisan motives, and solely by a desire for the !
welfare of the Republic. 1
In the report of the Secretary, I find that#while ;
to some extent apparently opposing the further^
increase of the currency through the issue of more
notes by the United States, lie denies that the rc-4
markable appreciation in the value of gold, or
rather, to speak accurately, the decrease in the
value of fictitious money as compared with money
itself, is wholly, or even for the greatest part, ow-
ing to the large volume of paper promises to pay.
He doubts if "the aggregate currency of the coun-
try, consisting of United States notes and notes of !
corporations, is at this moment greatly in execs-? i
of legitimate demands for its employment," or if >
" any actual excess is due to the issues of United j
States notes already in ciiculation." In attempt- j
ing to vindicate his position, he assumes that the i
amount of coin, estimated by him to have been j
$210,000,000 circulating ;md m the batiks on the ,
1st dayof November, 1861, hud been practically !
demonetized and withdrawn from use as euirency, j
or as a basis for currency, and it is therefore ex- i
eluded from his estimate; when, in fact, for the i
most part, and, indeed, with exceptions tnviul in
comparison with the whole amount of specie, it j
was never us^d as currency, and the banks, while
they have suspended metallic payments, yet, as
is asserted by the Secietary himself, retain an in-
creased amount of gold and silver lor purposes of
their own security, and as a basis for their present
circulation and a future resumption oi those specie
payments they were induced to suspend by the j
anticipation of the policy then foreshadowed and ,
afterwards adopted, in the issue of Treasury notes j
not redeemable in coin. At the same time, the |
bank circulation in the loyal States, partly in con- t
sequence of the suspension of specie payments,
lias increased about thirty per cent., or from $130,-
000,000 in 1861, to $167,000,000 in 3862. Assum-
ing, then, the .Secretary to be correct, and taking
gold only at a premium of thirty per cent.—con-
siderably less than its average value for several
months—the purchasing power of the hard money
at that time was $373,000,000, or §63,000,000 more
than in 1861, if, for the sake ofargument, I concede
more than the truth requires, and assume that the
paper has not become depreciated. This specie, the
only true money of the country, has not been an-
nihilated, become dead capital, or "demonetized,"
as is said in the report, by one of those novel and
mysterious expressions which are often coined and
used for the occasion, in preference to our own
plain Saxon words, when complexity and con-
fusion, not simplicity and clearness, are the de-
sired objects. The amount of precious metals in
the United States has not even been diminished,
but increased, during the year in question.
In the same short space of twelve months the
circulation of the notes of the United States, in-
cluding credits to disbuismg officers and to the
Treasurer of the United States, was swollen from
$15,140,000 in 1861, to the enormous sum of $210,-
104,000, being nearly sixty-two per cent., or over
$80,000,000 more than the whole amount of the
notes of corporate banks throughout the loyal
States in 1861.
From these facts it follows that the aggregate
circulation of the loyal States, which at the first
date, m 1861, was £355,140,000, was not, as stated
by the Secretary, only $377,104,000 in 1862, but
nearly $650,104,000. The increase in the cur-
rency of the loyal States in one year alone has
been neaily equal to the whole amount of paper
money m the country at any period in our exist-
ence, when we included in our estimates the whole
of the United States from Maine to Texas.
Starting wifh his erroneous position that the
only true money of the country is no longer any
money at all; using this as a foundation for sub-
sequent arguments, and assuming that the in-
crease of the national circulaiion, estimated in
"leijal tender,1' is only $22,000,000 instead of
$355,104,000, the Secretary easily adds other links
to the chain of his delusions. If the $22,000,000
were really the only increase in the currency of
the loyai States during the year in question, his
asseition that it w<ns {< legitimately demanded by
the changed condition oi the country in the year
between the two dates" might be permitted to pass
unnoticed, lie speaks of the insufficiency ofthe
bank euculalion tosuppoit the groat activity in
business resulting from enormous military and
naval piepaiations, and is apparently ignorant of
the vast amount of hade formerly enjoyed with
the southern States—bat now lost to us—and of
the power of the banks themselves, by means of
bills of exchange, diafts, checks, and certificates
of deposit, to transact any amount of business
that the necessities of the nation even yet require.
New York is the great business center of the
Union. Nearly all our domestic and foieign ex-
changes meet in that conuneicial empotium or
metropolis. In that city alone banking facilities
exist for the transaction of business amounting to
^20,000,000 daily, or about ten times the esti-
mated daily expenses of the Government when
engaged m the present war.
It was not difficult to pass on, from the belief
that the curiency of the country had undeigone
so slight an increase, to the assertion that no un-
due inflation in currency or prices now exists.
Outside of official circles, and by every man who
is unbiased !>y political pr< juuices, the vain
desnc to prop an ir.heient'y vicious system of
finance, the existence ot this Inflation is univer-
sally well known ?md admitted. It is known, not
only io our financiers and nieichants, but is pain-
fully f It in the home of t'le laboier, and made
palpable by piactical facts and figures to every
one who purchases the common articles neces-
sary for doily food and clothing: and the i vil is
daily becoming ino-'e hunfhl and notorious.
The report of th" Secctai v tends to create con-
fusion by compating the piicesot wheat, pork,
<-nd corn on the 1st day of November, 1861, with
those on the coiresponding day in 1862. It is
true that while the prices of many staple articles
of food nnd clothing bought by the ifbrthern farmer
and laborer have been doubled,and in many cases
more than doubled, the chief agricultural prod-
ucts of the North have been sq injuriously af-
fected that even their nominal value has ,l>een
little changed. Pork, one of the grea^ western
staples of trade, sold for less on the 1st of May
last year, and now sells for less in depreciated^  
paper money than it ever brought in gold during
the ten preceding years. On the 1st day of May,
1862, the market price of prime pork m New York
was $12 62§, or about fifteen per cent, less than
$14 50, the lowest price it ever reached on any
corresponding day since 1850.
The Secretary ignoies the effects, so injurious to
this vast farming interest, produced by the large
quantities, of the cereals already forwarded-to
market, by the abundant crops of Europe, and the
enforced idleness of those numerous industrial and
commercial classes of Europe who are the chief
foreign consumers of our provisions, who depend
upon a supply of cotton from this country, and
by its withdrawal are rendered unable to pur-
chase as much as they require of our breadstuff's
and surplus agricultural produce. The farmer
finds that while the prices of that which he has
to sell have seemingly but little changed, he is
compelled to pay increased prices for nearly all
that he buys.
The Secretary says nothing of those disturb-
ances in the valley of the Mississippi, which
have not only injured our market in the southern
States, but also'in those parts of the world to
which western produce finds the cheapest access
through that great highway or artery of the inte-
rior. He labois to prove that gold has increased
in value, and that his paper money has not depre-
ciated. In truth, the condition of the commercial
system is indicated almost as infallibly by gold as
the temperature of the atmosphere is shown by the
mercury in the thermometer. Not an article
sold in this country, but capable of being carried
abroad, can, for many days together, continue to
be sold for legal tender paper without an inflation
of pi ice at least equal to the difference between
the price of gold and its fictitious substitute.
Take giain and pork, the articles named by the
Secretary, as familiar instances. Can it be sup-
posed for a moment that if their price in paper
money is their real value, our Canadian neigh-
bors, or our own shrewd fellow-citizens, who are
always awake to such an opportunity, would not
at once buy up these articles, take them into the
provinces, wheic gold is at par, and American
silver at a discount of four or five per cent.,bring-
ing back hard money with them, and selling it for
paper curiency at a premium of more than forty
per ccnt. ?
The commercial value of all exchangablo com-
modities is their price in the markets of the world.
Our countrymen—and they are notthe only com-
petitors in this race—aided by the rapid missions
of the newspaper and telegraph, keep well posted
in these prices, and unless they can sell for legal
tender at an enhanced price, will send their prop-
erty to foieign countiies and obtain in exchange
for it either the precious metals with which they
can buy paper money, at its diminished valuation,
or such merchandise as will yield a yet larger
profit.
The rule is of wide application. It is true as
regards almost every article produced m the Uni-
ted States. It influences manufactures themselves,
and the mateuals from which they are made.
So much for articles of domestic origin. # I shall
not be asked to prove that articles of foreign ori-
gin cannot be bought with legal tender, as a me-
dium of exchange, at par, or that foreigners require
gold or its substantial equivalent from us in all
our dealings. Dividend-paying stocks and secu-
rities, and nearly ail other forms of personal prop-
erty, have lisen in nominal value to a greater ex-
tent than gold; and the general inflation has already
seriously affected the price of real estate itself,
which many cautious men are beginning to pur-
chase as a secure investment, safe amid that gen-
eral ruin winch they see is necessarily approach-
ing, if the Administration now in power persists
in us isolating policy.
I pas* over the third argument of the Secretary,
m his attempt to piove that tiie currency is not
redundant, with an expression of regret and hu-
miliation that so feeble a device or error should
have found its way into so grave and importanta
document as the report issued from the Treasury
of this nation at this important crisis of our his-
tory. It is not only unreasonable, but it is an
