me
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
of this? Whenever the business comes up they
•will get that increased compensation at any late;
ami if that is so,l think the section had better be
stricken out.
Mr. COWAN. I am not so certain but that it
would be so; but there was a difficulty in the
office. The Commissioner of Patents undertook
to discharge some of the officers, and reduce the
salaries of others, and out of that difficulty grows
this section of the bill. I will read his remarks
on that subject:
"The receipts of the ofTiec in consequence of the stnte
of th« country having fallen off in the year 1861 $'118,998
below those of the previous year, I wn^ compelled to resort
to the must rigorous economy m order tu the ofiiee.
'■After having dismissed five principal examiners live;
assistant examiners, a"d live second assistant examiners,
a still further reduction of expenditure became necessary,
although the business required that there ^lioukl be no I ui •
ther reduction of force. The compensation fixed bylaw
for the principal examiner* is.^,500; lor the a^shtants,
$1,800; and for the second assistants,$i,600. I dismissed
the principal examiner-* and appointed them assistant ex-
aminer**,and thf*v received lor the period ofaboutten months
but $1,800 pervear; the attain examiners were dismissed
and appointed second assistant cxsuninets at a salary of
$1,600. The second as&ibtant examines were dismissed
and appointed elerk« at a salary of;$1,400. A correspond-
ing reduction was made in the salaries of all the clerks
whose salary exceeded $1,200/'
Now, as I understand, the difficulty was as to
whether^he Commissioner had authority to do
that. The officers contended that they were there
according to the provisions of a law, and that they
could not be removed or their salaries reduced
without a change ni the law, os they performed
the same services. It is to obviate thnt difficulty
that the section is introduced. The Commissioner
says further:
♦'These officers, however, all performed the duties ftp
pertaining to their oupnal positions, while their labors were
greatly increased by the reduction of foiee before made;
the reduction of labor not being by any means proportionate
to the diminution of the income ot the office.''
Now the Commissioner proposes under this sec-
tion to pay them out of the proceeds of the office
the salary they were before entitled to by law.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
COOKING FOK THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
thr bill (S. No. 556) to promote the health, com-
fort, and efficiency of the armies of the United
States, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole, it provides that the
medical derailment shall unite with the line offi-
cers of the Army in .supervising the cooking within
the same, as an important sanitary measure, and
shall piomulgate to its officers sucl^ regulations
and instructions as may tend to insure the proper
preparation of the ration of the soldier. Cooks
are to be detailed, in turn, from the privates of
each company of troopSn\i the service of the Uni-
ted Slates, at the rate of one cook for each com-
pany numbering h'ss than thuty men, and two
cooks for each company numbering: over thirty
men, who are to serve ten days each. The Pres-
ident may cause to be enlisted, for each cook, two
undercooks of African descent, who shall receive
for their full compensation ten dollars per month,
and one latton per day, three dollars of which
monthly pay may be in clothing. It is also pro-
vided that the Army ration shall hereafter include
pepper, m the proportion of four ounces to every
hundred rations; and that tobacco shall be fui-
rushed to the enlisted men by the commissary de-
partment at it« cost,and be charged against their
pay, under such regulations as the Secretary of
War may adopt for that purpose. Hereafter all
nurses in the general hospitals arc to be employed
by authority of the Surgeon General, and hospi-
tal matrons are to receive ten dollars per month
and one ration per day in kind; but the washing
of hospitals may be given out by contract at a
price not to exceed the eosi of the number of
matrons authorized by the regulations. It is also
declared that all instruments, documents, and pa-
pers relating to the procurement of bounty land jj
and other bounties, pensions, and orders of pay |j
by or for officers, soldiers, and seamen, or their si
legal representatives, who have been or may be j|
in the service of the United States,shall be exempt j
ftom tax duty. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I am astonished to find in this ;
bill, which pui ports to be to promote the health i
and com/bit of the armies of the United States, a I
provision in favor of tobacco. It is in these words: J
"And tobacco shall ho furnished to the c nlisted men by the i
commib&ftry department at iuco^t, and be chained against i
their pay, under such regulations as the Secretary of War
ma\ adopt for that purpose."
I move to strike out these words. I merely
wish to remark that if the men are to have tobacco,_
let them get it as they can. The Government of
the United States ought not, by a special statute,
to provide it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, I never used a grain of tobacco in my life,
in any form, and I confess that I would be glad
to see it banished from general use. I came to the
consideration of this proposition with a great deal
of reluctance. But, sir, the evidence is conclusive
that the strongest desire in the Army on the part
of men who have used tobacco is to have it. Tliey
purchase it now when they can obtain it of sut-
leis,and at enormous cost. The medical inspect-
ors, men connected with the health of the Army,
and who know all about the Army, assure us in
the strongest manner that thegieatest need in the
Army is tobacco at a reasonable rate. You can-
not banish it from the Army by any legislation.
If they are to have it at all, 1 think the men should
be permitted to have it at its cost. After listening
to Colonel Vollum and other medical inspectors
and medical men and military men that think this
is a need that ought to be supplied, I concur with
them, and I hope the clause will not be stricken
out.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am very free to say
in reference to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] that
I am opposed to it. The soldier will have to-
bacco. *lt is absolutely necessary to his habit, if
you choose to call it by that name. He cannot
avoid it; he is obliged to have it, and must have
it. It is the duty of the Government to supply
it, without driving him to expend all his pay in
buying it from the sutler or wherever he can get
it. The men buy tobacco of the sutlers at enor-
mous profits.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. At a dollar
and a half a pound.
Mr. UiCIlARDSON. At a dollar and a half
a pound, tin; chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs says. I think this is one of the best
provisions in the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe that precisely the
same argument which the Senator has now made
used in foi mer days to be made in favor of the
spirit ration. Indeed, I have listened to it often
on this floor; but at last we have abolished the
spirit ration ill the Navy, under the advice, too, of
some of the best naval men in the .service. I'have
not yet heard that there has been any evil conse-
quence from abolishing it; and 1 believe it we go
further—no, I will not say go further, because it
does not require us to go Author—for all that I
propose is that the Government shall not under-
take to provide for a supply of tobacco to the
troops. I do not say that the troops shall not buy
tobacco themselves; but I think that the Govern-
ment ought not to encourage the use of it, which
it will do if it makes this provision.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 rise for the purpose
of asking for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 deem the article of
tobacco indispensable to the soldier. The plan
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] opens the way to a robbery of him.
lie will have tobacco, and cannot get along with-
out it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
to tilt; Senate that by the law of the country sut-
lers are allowed to sell tobacco to the soldiers, and
the enormous prices paid in some cases it is said
take nearly half the pay.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Coffee is not more
indispensable to the soldier than is tobacco.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Foineroy, Sumner, and Witmot—
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Cailile, Chandler,
Cowan, D,ivis>, Divon, Doolittie, 1-Vssenden, Pont, Foster.
Grimes, Hauling, Harm, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, 3Ioiriil, Nes-
itutll, Powell, ttice, Itiehaid--on, Saulsbuiy, Tea Eyek,
Trumbull, Wall. Willey, Wilson of Massachusetts and
VViUon ot' Missouri—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. NESMITH. I offer the following as an
additional section:
*ind be it,further enacicd, That to tioojis in the field to
whom flour is issued, sneh articles as are necessary for the
preparation of yeast, approved by the medical and commis-
sary depaitmeats, shall be furnished a,--part of the ration, in
such piopoition and under such regulations as may be here-
after adopted by the commissary department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out sec-
tion six of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sixth sec-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. S. Jini. be it further enacted, That all instruments, doc-
uments, and papers relating to the procurement of bounty
land and otliei bounties, pensions, and oiders of pay by or
for officers, soldiers, and seamen, or their legal representa-
tives, who have been or may be in the service ot the United
States, be, and the  aiue aie her«#y, exempt from tax duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That matter, if it is proper
at all—and that will be for the Senate to consider—
should more properly go into the bill amendatory
of the tax bill, which is now under consideration
in the other House.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to the Senator's amendment on that
statement.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems tome that there ought
to be something more specific in the first section
of this bill in regard to the manner in which the
medical and line officers are to unite in supervis-
ing the cooking within the Army, under what reg-
ulations it is to be done, and who is to establish
those regulations. It now says that " the med-
ical department shall unite with the line officers
of the Army in supervising the cooking within
the same." The medical department is herein
Washington. It does not say the medical officer
in charge of the regiment; it does not say the
medical director in charge of the brigade or the di-
vision; it does not say the medical inspector who
has the general supervision of the department;
but " the medical department shall unite with the
line officers." 1 can very easily apprehend that
an infinite amount of difficulty is going to result
from leaving the section in the loose manner in
which it seems to stand at present.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the adoption of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Nesmith,] unless I hear it explained. It
makes a part of the ration some sort of yeast that
I have never heard of, and I do not know how
much it 4s to cost. I call for a separate vote on
that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may be
reserved for a separate vote.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concumn;; m the amendment moved
by the Senator from Oregon, in Committee of the
Whole, which is as follows:
jind be it further enacted, That to tioops m the field to
whom flour is issued, such articles us are necessary tortile
pi epaiationof yeaj-t, approved by the medical and commis-
si! v departments, shall be furnished as paitot the ration, in
sue!) propoition and under such i emulations as may be here-
after adopted by the eommissaiy depaituient.
Mr. NESMITH. The language of the amend-
ment, as will be perceived, only refers to troops
actually in the field, to whom flour is issued.
This amendment wasdtawn up by a very distin-
guished officer connected with the medical de-
partment, and handed to me with a request that I
should present it. He tells me that there are a
large quantity of portable ovens issued to troops
in The field who are not drawing bread but draw-
ing flour, and there is no means by which they
can obtain yeast, or any of those articles which
are used in preparing yeast, and consequently
they aie in a bad condition. An article called a
yeast-box can be procured, as he tells me, by the
ton, at a very small rate. The increase of expense
does not amount to anything, while the furnish-
ing of the article will l>e of much benefit in the
preparation of food. At his suggestion I offered
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The object
iter be attained is certainly a good one. I have no
doubt that the article proposed to he made a part
of the ration is a necessary part of the ration in
the field where flour is given out to be cooked.
They have many ovens of that kind in the Army;
