1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
4.m
but 1 do not think that it is necessary to add it to
the ration at an additional costto the country. The
ration is now larger than can be used, on the aver-
age, if it is given out in full. I think that these
articles which are necessary to make bread might
be given out in such proportions as are necessary
as part of the ration, without adding any addi-
tional cost to the country. The amount of flour
given out to make the bread is very large at this
time. I suggest to the Senator ftom Oregon to
amend the amendment so as not to add any addi-
tional cost to the country, but to make this a part
of the flour ration.
Mr. NESMITH. I have no objection to the
amendment being putin such form as to say that
the cost of this article shall be deducted from the
value of the ration of Hour.
The PJZESIDEiVT pro tempore. The Senator
will indicate the modification.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, "the cost whereof shall be de-
ducted from the flour ration.''
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to;
and the amendment as amended was concurred in.
Mr. RICE. To meet the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] i move, in the
third line of the first section, after the word "the,"
to insert " officers of," so as to read " officers of
the medical department;" and in line four, after
the word " same," to insert " under such rules
and regulations as may be adopted by the Secre-
tary of War."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
J3nd be it further enacted, That every person who has
heretofore performed military service for the United States,
under the direction and command of any military ofiicerof
the United State*, shall be entitled to pay toi the time lie
may have actually reived, according to the rate of pay in
the capacity in which he seived.
I will say a word in explanation of the amend-
ment. Theie was a cavalry regiment recruited
in Kentucky called the seventh Kentucky cavalry.
There was a battalion or part of a battalion of that
regiment in battle at Cynthiana—not a very large
battle, to be sure, but one that was very fiercely
contested and with very bloody results for the
number of men that were engaged. Eighty or
one hundred men of that cavalry regiment were
taken prisoners. The residue of the cavalry was
afterwards ordered to service at Richmond in the
State of Kentucky, and was in the battle at the
Big Hill, as it was termed, in which there was a
great deal of slaughter and a good many prisoners
were taken. The remnant of that cavalry was a
few days afterwards in the battle of Richmond it-
self, and yet another portion of them were there
taken prisoners.
This regiment of cavalry was recruited to the
number of about seventeen hundred, and it was
ready to be mustered into service before the first
battle of Cynthiana, and it was rendezvoused at
a particular point for the purpose of being mus-
tered in; but the mustering-in officer was tardy,
and did not complete the work. After that battle,
the place for mustering in was changed to Paris,
and the regiment was there leady to be mustered
in again, and the mustermg-in officer was some four
or five days attempting to complete the work; but
he did not complete the work until the regiment
was ordered to service again at the battle of the
Big Hill, and the battle of Richmond. There are
three or four hundred men of that regiment who
have been in one, two, or three battles, and been
taken prisoners, none of whom have been mus-
teied into the service of the United States; but
they are all entitled to pay certainly for the time
that they actually served.
The amendment merely embraces this principle,
that where any citizen actually performed military
service for the United States, by the command and
direction of an officer m the service of the United
States* he shall receive pay for the time that he
actually served—no bounty, and nothing else but
pay for the time he actually served, it is certainly
just, and 1 hope it will meet with no opposition.
Mr. RICE. I think there is great merit in the
amendment offered; but it is hardly germane to
this bill. This is a simple bill in regard toother
matters; and the amendment should be very care-
fully examined, because it may embrace a much
larger scope than the Senator intends. I think
that a proposition of this importance should be re-
ferred to a committee in the shape of a bill or a
resolution. We have a great many papers on the
subject before the Committee on Military Affairs.
I certainly am not prepared to vote for the amend-
ment at this time without further examination.
Mr. HARRIS. I approve most heaitily of the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky. As
the Senator from Minnesota has said, it may need
guaiding in some way, and this may not be the
proper place to adopt the measure; but, like the
Senator from Kentucky-, I know ofinstanccs where
men have been in the service months, and even a
year, who can not get a cent of pay, in consequence
of some irregularity in mustering in. I think those
cases ought to be provided for.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree with
the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from
New York in regard to the necessity of some le-
gislation on this subject. It is, however, a very
difficult subject to legislate upon without making
the country liable to abuse. I say to the Senator
from Kentucky that I hope it will not be pressed
upon this little bill for the health and comfort of
the Army, and I say to him that we wilf address
ourselves immediately to the consideration of the
subject, and endeavor m some form to get it up
during the present session.
Mr. DAVIS. Under that assurance, in the
'course of the day 1 shall draw up a small bill and
ask for its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs. \ withdraw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
redding; it was read the third time, and passed.
FORT UOWAttD AND FOllT CRAWFORD UKSEJiVES.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 543.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
543) to provide for the disposal of certain lands
therein named was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to cause that portion of the public
domain known as the Fort Howard military re-
serve, including the site of the fort, containing
three and four hundredths acres,(situated in Brown
county,Wisconsin,between Fox river and Beaver
Dam run,) and which is not included in the con-
firmations to Talbot C. Dousnum and Daniel
Whitney, nor in the grant to the State of Wiscon-
sin under the resolution of Congress approved
April 25,1862, to besurveyed and subdivided into
lots of such form and of §uch size, not less than
one fourth of an acre, and not more than forty-
acres, as he may deem expedient, dedicating such
portions to the use of the public for streets and
highways as he may think the public interest and
convenience may require. He is to cause a plat
to be duly and propetly ceitified by the surveyor
general,and recoidcd m the office of the register
of deeds for the county of Brown; and when the
lots have been so surveyed, platted, and recorded,
he is to cause them to he sold separately at pub-
lic auction, giving not less than months' no-
tice of the time and place of sale by advertisement.
Every lot is to be sold to the highest bidder for
cash, and when not paid for within twenty-four
houts from the time of purchase, it is to be liable
to beiesold under the oider of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. The President is to
cause patents to be issued in due form of law for
each lot after the purchase of and payment for the
same.
It is also to be the duty of the Commissioner
of the Land Office to cause so much of the public
jj domain adjacent to the reserve as lies between
Beaver D.x'm run and Duck creek to be rcsurveyed
into lots the lines of which shall conform as near
as may be to the Sines of the survey formerly made
by Albert G. Ellis, and to cause certified plats
thereof to be returned as is provided by law in
the ease of other surveys of the public domain;
and he is thereupon to proceed to dispose of them
as other pubiic lands are disposed of, saving to
every person who upon the passage of the act
may be in possession of any part of the lands,
and shall have made improvements thereon of the
value of forty dollars or more, the right to pur-
chase any lots so improved lying contiguous to
each other, and not exceeding in the aggregate
eighty aeivs, upon making proof of possession and
improvements, and paying for such lots $1 25 per
acre, within six months after public notice shall
be given of the time and place for making such
proof and payment. - The Commissioner of the
General Land Office is also to cause the military
reserve of Port Crawford, in Crawford couftty,
Wisconsin, to be surveyed and disposed of in tne
manner prescribed in the previous sections of the
act for the disposition of the Fort Howard reserve.
Mr. HOWE. I gnove to fill the; blank in the
twenty-eighth line of the first section by inserting
" two" before " months."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the sames6c-
tion by adding at the end of the section the words,
" but no sale shall be binding until approved by
the Secretary of the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill in
the thirteenth line of the third section by adding
after the word " thereon" the words44 as provide}
under the preemption laws of the United States;"
and also to strike out " of the value of forty dol-
lars or more."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was oidered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO TUB PACIFIC.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether the Indian appropriation bill does not
come up at this hour?
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now the special order,
and is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, being the bill (S. No. 439) to amend an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean,and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July 1,1862, and
for other purposes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The amendment under
discussion at the time of adjournment yesterday,
proposed by mo, has been printed and laid on the
tables of Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that there is no pending amend-
ment before the Senate. The amendment offered
by the Senator from California was rejected. That
amendment, however, can be renewed in the Sen-
ate. It is not now in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
there may be some misunderstanding about this.
Does not the Indian appropriation bill come up
to-day at one o'clock ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would come
up but for the unfinished business, which was the
railroad bill, and which, by the express rule of
the Senate, takes precedence of all other orders.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill is about to be
finished m a very short time I shall not interpose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 think it will take but
a short time. There will be no more debate. There
is an understanding, i think, that the vote shall be
taken. I move now to amend by striking out sec-
tion four and inserting this in lieu thereof.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Section four
has already been stricken out, as the Chair is in-
formed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I offer this as an
independent section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. U will be read.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That that ponion of
section seventeen of the original act to which this if amend-
atoiv, vvhHi ptovides for the retention within the Treasury
ol the United States, until the completion of the entire
load, of certain percentage?* of the bond* of the United
State* is therein in said section seventeen set forth, shall
be'•o altered and amended that said percentages shall be
retained only upon that poitionot enure road and branches
between the Missomi rsvr and the <ja*t loot of the Rocky
mountain:-, as also between the city of San Francisco and
the west foot of the Sierra Nevada mountains. That for
.ill that portion of the toad between the ea^t foot ot tho
Rocky mountains and the west foot of the Sierra Nevada
mountain-no pocentage whatever shall be retained within
the Treasury of the United States ; but the entire amount of
the appiopnatjon, as set foith in the original act, shall be
paid over as ta«t as the company or companies engaged m
building the road between the ea^t foot tit the Rocky mount-.
ains and tin- west footoi the Sieria NVvada mountains shall
become entitled to same by reason ot the completion of the
sections as set forth in the original act: Provided, however,
That whenever two hundred mile* of said road, at either
or bo tit sides thereof, between the points la*t above recited,
ab&il fully completed w conformity with the orlginalact
