840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
sense, reason, or justice in it, the fact is entirely
beyond my comprehension.
Again: this measure is just to the people, be-
cause it will give them a more uniform and safe
currency than the thirteen hundred banks can fur-
nish them, and upon which the Government will
save the interest, say on $167,000,000 at six per
cent.; say $10,000,000 annually, or in less than
twelve years, compound interest, §167,000,000.
Another valid reason is, that this arrangement
will put the currency of the country in the hands
of the Government, and enable it so to regulate
both its quantity and quality as best to secure the
public good.
And further: this measure ^expelling from cir-
culation the credit money of the banks, is advan-
tageous to the people, because it always has been,
, and from its nature always must be, prejudicial to
the industrial and commercial interests of the na-
tion. Such a currency is constantly fluctuating—
expanding or contracting—and thus keeping the
business of the country in an unreliable and haz-
ardous condition, now stimulating to overtrading
and speculation, now causing general prostration
and bankruptcy. Such has been our past history.
The Government, therefore, ought, in justice to
the interests of the people, to take the credit cur-
iency of the country into its own hands.
In a review of our finances, by Hon. Robert J.
Walker, late Secretary of the Treasury, which
I suppose has been laid upon the desk of each
member of this body, I find the following remarks,
page 140:
<4A republic which cannot regulate its currency, or which
leaves that power with thutjMour separate States, each
lfgMatm!£ at Us* pleasure and without uiufot mity, abandons
au essential national authontv, and tin?.abdication has fur-
nished one of the mam ,-upportss of the rebellion. With
notions but a national cinrency, the revolted Urates never
eould have successfully lnauguiated tins vvai; and wrmu^t
depuve them, in all tune to conn*, of this tenible ally of
treason. To permit the Slates to ptovidethe oircul.Uiiiq
medium—the money of the country—i* to enable them to
fhrnish the sinews of war, and clothe them with a power to
overthrow the Government."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, f desire to ask
vhe gentleman from Massachusetts a question, i
desire to ask ium how the Government of the IJm-
led States itself could get along without the assist-
ance rendered by the loyal banks of the country ?
Mr. WALKER. I will come to that by and
by. This measure of taxing out of existence the
credit circulation of the State banks is no act of
injustice to them. They never had any constitu-
tional right to issue such a currency. The Con-
stitution of the United States expressly says that
no State shall emit hills of credit. What a State
may not do itself it cannot rightfully authonze
any person or corporation to do. Tins ts a well-
settled principle. But I will not enter on the con-
stitutional argument, at all, because in the pam-
phlet referred to that question is discussed. Its
author is a man of great financial ability; is rec-
ognized as one of the most able economists of the
country, and has given a great deal of attention
and consideration to tins subject.
This system of issuing credit currency grew
up without law, imperceptibly and gradually.
Small at first, it has grown to be an immense and
dangerous power, and, at the present moment,
stands directly in the way of a successful use of
the national credit.
I urge this measuie as indispensable to the safe-
ty of the banks themselves. They are now pur-
suing a reckless system of expansion, increasing:
their liabilities at an enormous rate. Subject to
no control, they are giving credit to a most dan-
gerous extent. There is no help for this, nor can
we say that they are to be blamed for it. There
are thirteen hundred institutions all competing for
the largest dividends, and when a part adopt the
tecidess course, the rest arc in some sort compelled
to do so.
But what must be the final result? It requires
no spirit of prophecy to say that it must be ruin-
ous. A monetary convulsion, the most dreadful
in our history, will come, involving thousands and
tens of thousands in hopeless bankruptcy, and
render the debts due the banks worthless. So far
from being an unfriendly act, it is the most desir-
able legislation in their favor which Congress
could enact.
Now, sir, in response to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] I
take leave to disclaim all hostility to banking in-
«ritufions. I know their utility in tlu> commerce
of the world; how greatly they facilitate the oper-
ations of trade; how much they save of time and
labor; how greatly they increase the power of
money and the use of capital. For all legitimate
banking purposes, they have always had, always
will have, my cordial support. It would ill be-
come one who, for the greater part of his life, has
been a customer of the banks, and concerned in
their management, to indulge any unkind or un-
generous feelings towards them. The measure I
propose does not deprive them of a dollar of cap-
ital. They will have as much permanent and re-
liable means of assisting the public as ever; and
if there be any such institutions as cannot live
by their legitimate business, it is clearly for the
interest of the public that they should not exist
at all; that their capital should be restored to pri-
vate hands, where it cannot fail to be used to good
advantage.
Another consideration, not irrelevant to this dis-
cussion, is the fact that the embarrassments of the
Government are greatly owing to the vicious char-
acter of our bank currency at the commencement
of the war. What was it? What had we to com-
mence with in this gieat and mighty struggle in
which we are engaged ? We ought, at that time,
to have had about $500,000,000 in money. We.
had at that time about $202,000,000 of bank circu-
lation, and about $257,000,000of bank deposits;
making a total of $459,000,000. *
Well, sir, at this period—about October or No-
vember, 1860, before the rebellion was inaugu-
lated—they had in their vaults some $87,000,000
of specie, about twenty cents on the dollar of their
cnculation. That was the currency with which
this country was obliged to wage war with the
most stupendous rebellion that the world ever
saw; a currency worth twenty cents on the dollar
at the beginning. South Carolina, so far as I re-
member, had a currency worth twelve cents on
the dollar. And so, all round, they broke down
together, as they from the necessity of the case
must havedone—and why ? Because acreditcur-
rency must be based entirely upon confidence,and
the moment confidence foils the currency becomes
worthless. Thus tlm moment that secession de-
sft oyed public confidence, that moment the banks
declared they could not pay specie.
And just heie, lest I forget it, let me say that I
do feci, as every true man must feel, under great
obligations to the banks for the prompt and pa-
triotic manner in which they responded to the calls
of the Secretaiy of the Treasury, it was, how-
evei, for their interest so to respond. I remember
the lemark of a bank president atone of their con-
sultations in New Yoik. In response to the ex-
pression, by the president uf another bank, of a
fear that the bonds of the Government would be-
come worthless, he said, 4< then the stock of your
bank will not be worth a dollar." That, sir, is
the true principle and result.
Lastly. The measure I now propose has be-
come a stern militaiy necessity, because, in a
financial point of view, indispensable to the suc-
cessful prosecution of the war. If the Govern-
ment is to run a race of competition with thirteen
hundred banks in expanding the cunency of the
country the nun of our finances is inevitable. This
must be painfully appaient to every man capable
of comprehendingthe bearings of the subje* t. The
credit of the Government must be sustained, or
all is lost. This downhill course must be arrested,
or national bankruptcy will rmainly overtake us.
We must not, we cannot if we would, shut our
eyes to this fact; and I trust that this Congress
will not hesitate for a moment to adopt a measure
so essential to the public good and the public
safety.
The next proposition in the measure reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means is in refer-
ence to a fractional currency. To that provision
1 make no objection. In my judgment, how-
evei, there should be included in the arrangement
a tax upon all other fractional cunency, and such
a tax us will drive it altogether out of circulation.
I understand that a measure will be presented in
the other end of the Capitol for the purpose of
reaching this point.
The next point in the measure of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means provides fot the de-
posit of the currency of the Government in the
banks of the country. This is a refurn to the oid
pet bank system, Those of us whose memory
runs back to £836 or J.S3J wril recollect very well
how this scheme was carried out, and what was
the result of it. Now, it is proposed that the Gov-
ernment shall deposit its currency in the banks,
and then draw on the banks as occasion may re-
quire—to be paid in what ? In their own funds I
So we are to deposit in these various banks, which
have long since suspended specie payments, to
enable them to issue their own notes, which we
the permitted to receive in return. That seems to
be the result of this provision of the bill.
Noy, sir, let me ask what reason is there for
having any connection with these banks? Is not
the Government competent to furnish its own de-
positories for its own funds? Why involve the
credit of the Government with a great system of
thirteen hundred banks, by which all will be in-
volved in a common fate? It may be said that
the Government willselect the best banks in which
to deposit its funds. Sir, there is no best about
it, in one sense, because they are all involved in
the same fate. They will all stand together or
fall together. lam very glad to see that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means provide in their bill
that the banks are to provide security, so far as
the United States is concerned. But there can be
no question about the effect of the system. The
banks do not want the Government deposits un-
less they have use for them. The only use they
can have is to loan them out to their customers,
and they will, therefore, increase their loans just
in the same amount that you deposit with them
And when the Government calls for the repay-
ment of its deposits, you will find, in the sudden
contraction of the bank loans, a disturbance in
the business of the country that will do more
harm than the system will, in any view, do good.
Is not the Government as safe as tin.' banks?
How much specie have they now? Fiom 1849
to 1858, ten years, they held on the aveiage six-
teen cents and nine mills on the dollar of their im-
mediate liabilities, or about one sixth. I refer
gentlemen who desire to investigate this subject
in its details to the last bank report of the Mas-
sachusetts bank commissioners of 1862.
And now, sir, in conclusion, allow me to say
that I think the present Congress should take
most energetic measures for sustaining the credit
of the'Government, and providing for the wants
of the national Tieasury.
It is a matter of high satisfaction to myself, as
I believe it is to the great majority of the people
of the loyal States, that we have at the head of
our financial affairs a gentleman in whose ability,
integrity,and patriotism we have the fullest con-
fidence. No officer, I think, of our Government
stands higher m the esteem and respect of the
people. This is most fortunate. Let us, on our
part, discharge our duties in such a manner as to
sustain him. Let us meet the ciisis fully and
fairly. Let us not attempt, by any contrivance or
subtcifuge,to conceal the operations of oui fman-
cialsystem. Nobody can be deceived whose opin-
ions are of any importance. Suppose the bonds
of this Government are sold at less than par, is
there any national disgrace in it ? Ceitamiy not
in a great emergency like the present.
TheBiitish Goveinment dining the Napoleonic
wars paid in extra interest—that is, in disadvan-
tageous loans—if my recollection serves me right-
ly , for I have not the authoi ity at hand—moie than
-£150,000,000 sterling, or $730,000,000; and so
much of us present national debt is, in fact, com-
posed of this itt-m of loss occasioned by the state
of the public credit at that distressing period, and
this British national debt is held up before us in.
terrorcm,t\nd we are warned of the terrible calam-
ity of a great public debt.
Now, sir, 1 am not one of those who sub-
scribe to the stupid dogma that a national debt
is a national blessing. That is absuid. A na-
tional debt is, in all respects, like an individual
dt bt. Is a man better off for having a mortgage
on his farm? Must he not woik harder and live
poorer in order to pay the interest, even if he never
discharges the principal ? It is nobhssing; there
is nothing good in it. So of a nation. But there
are greater calamities than a national debt, and
such a debt, when a necessity, should he cheer-
fully incurred.
ThedebtofEngland: whatis
-<£800,000,000
sterling, or $4,000,000,000. That seems a most
enormous amount, but it is a mere trifle com-
pared with the aggregate wealth of England. It
is but a drop in the bucket compared with the
