342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
is believed, can be secured throng} hanking associations
organized under national legislation.
" It i  pioposed that the«e .u—ociat-ons be entirely volun-
tary. Any persons desiious of employing real capital m
sufficient amounts can, if the plan be adopted, unite to-
gether under proper articles, and, ha. nig contributed the
requisite capital, can invent such part of it, not loss than a
fixed minimum, in United States bonds, ma, having depos-
ited these bonds with the pi oper officer of the United States,
can receive United State** notes in sucn denominations as
may be desired, and employ them a* noney in discounts
and exchanges. The stockholders 01 any existing banks
can, in like manner, organize under tin act, and transfer,
by Mich degrees as may be found convenient, the capital of
the old to the use of the new associations. The notes thus
put into circulation will be payable, until resumption, in
United States notes, and, alter resumption, in specie, by
tho association which issues them, on demand ; and if not
so paid will be redeemable at the Tieasuty of the United
States fiom the pioceedsofthe bonds pledged in security."
Such are the general features of his proposed
banking associations; but let us quote a little fur-
ther in explanation of the subject:
"The Secretary has already mentioned the support to
public credit which mav be expected from the proposed as-
sociations. The importance of this point may excuse some
additional observations. The organization proposed, if
sanctioned by Congress, would require within a very few
years, for deposit as security for circulation, bonds of the
United States to an amount not less than $2o0,000,000."
He further remarks upon this subject:
"Little direct aid is, however, to be expected fiom this
plan during the present, nor very much, perhaps, during the
next year."
This, sir, is a very remarkable statement, that
little aid is to come for a year or two from a plan
brought forward here to instantly relieve the finan-
cial condition of the Government, and pressed
upon the attention of Congress, and insisted upon
as the one thing needful to sustain the credit of
the country. Sir, we may well ask if the present
unsettled period is the proper time to commence
financial experiments for the benefit of coming
years? If 1 am not greatly deceived, what the
country now needs and expects is some sensible,
practical plan whereby money will instantly flow
into an empty Treasury to meet the demands of
a migiity-Ai my and Navy; and not the adoption
of doubtful theories that can confessedly do noth-
ing for the nation till long after it is either saved
or lost. Its fate rests, in a measure, upon the
means to purchase supplies this month, next
month, ana coming months, and to pay the sol-
diers their honest dues, so that their families may
not want for the necessaries and comforts of life.
We pass this part of the subject for a moment
to ask the following important question: what is
to become of the United States notes already
widely circulated, and everywheie sought with
eagerness by the people? What, I say, is to be-
come of these popular notes as these banking
associations are forming, and after they are fully
established ? Are the two classes of notes to run in
competition with each other? Shall we have two
kinds of currency, each seeking for the mastery,
and both the offspring of the Government ? is the
Government to set up a financial rival against
itself? The Secretary shall answer for himself.
He says:
"As the note'; received for the bonds (purchased by the
banking association] cannot be imbued without injurious
inflation of the cireul.uion, they must necessarily be with-
drawn and canceled. The aggregate circulation of Govern-
ment United tftate* notes mthdtawn will be replaced by
the amount of national circulation furnished to the associ-
ations. The immediate advantage to the Government will
be found in the maiket created for bonds, and the support
thereby given to the national ctedit."
Again,on page 19,he remarks, the plan "con?
templates the gradual wtthduuval of bank-note
circulation, and proposes a United States circula-
tion. " The important question is hereansweied;
the present legal tender notes are to disappear as
they are paid jn for bonds, and to go forth no more.
We have now clearly before us the leading char-
acteristics of the new financial measure. First,
we have its general character; second, its great
object, which is to sustain the national credit by
the uuuket opened for bonds; third, we are certi-
fied that little direct aid can come to the Govern-
ment from the plan for one or two years; fouith,
the establishment of these associations implies the
withdrawal of the entire circulation of the present j
legal tender notes, notes that are equally good in i
the extreme West and East, good everywhere
where our flag floats in our own country; cur-
rent even among the rebels, for I notice that the
captain of the Alabama took very carefully all
he could find upon the California ship whicli he
can lured.
Now, sir, the very admission that we shall de-
rive little or no benefit from the plan for one or
two years, should secure its instant rejection; for
we have no precious hours or days to spend in
carrying out a financial scheme at once revolu-
tionary in character and design, and with very
remote benefits, if any at all. The present is the
worst possible period to experiment in that line.
One revolution at a time, say we; save us from
a second that undermines public confidence and
credit. "We must have money now, and money
in large sums,money with positive certainty; but
it cannot be had by any sort of kite-flying, or by
a resort to any system resembling "wild-cat"
banking, that has several times scourged the entire
western country. The other experiment which
we have on hand is quite large, much larger than
we find comfortable or convenient of control; why
fly to another that must end in general bank-
ruptcy? Besides, the new theory embraces in its
objects a complete revolution in the banking insti-
tutions of the country; a change from State stock
and other securities, which are at present regarded
with more favor than Government stocks, and the
forcing in of their entire circulation, without rea-
sonable notice. Of course all this cannot be ac-
complished without unsettling the very founda-
tions of public credit, and bringing in financial
chaos at a moment when we require more than
ever steadiness and the utmost stability.
But, coming back to the vitalpointat issue, we
ask, should this plan prove a success in two years,
so far as the sale of the bonds is concerned, what
advantage will accrue to the Government ? Bonds
to the amount of $250,000,000 are sold, and what
then? Why, sir, we have already that amount
of notes out, or authorized to be issued, based
upon those very bonds, which notes are to be
withdrawn when the associations get into opera-
tion. Now they are in circulation everywhere,
bear a piemium,are sought for by all classes,are
immensely popular. Has anybody complained
of them ? Nobody; but every one is delighted to
get them, and no person in the country, so far as
my knowledge extends, has asked to have them
retired except the Secretary of the Treasury.
What do we gain by taking them home and send-
ing out in place our bonds? True, we sell bonds
to the amount of $250,000,000; but what do we
lose by the operation ? We lose just $15,000,000
a year in interest by exchanging our notes for the
bonds sold to the banking associations to form
the basis of their proposed circulation. Of course,
we now pay no interest upon our own notes; but
the moment the exchange is made for bonds sold,
we are liable for $15,000,000 in yearly interest—
interest on those very bonds which retire our pres-
ent notes; which is a better airangement, as the
Secretary insists, than using our oicn paper for
nothing, which paper is more acceptable, also, to
the people than the paper of any banking associ-
ation that can be established under the proposed
new law. Certainly $15,000,000 a year is a very
snug little sum to pay for the first lesson or ex-
periment in the new school.
What next? The United States Government
is a borrower; it goes into the matket and seeks
a few hundred millions immediately after the new
bankingussociationsget fairly established. They
come forwaid and say, 15 We will lend you."
W e reply, "What notes will you give us r" " The
very same which we took from the Government."
Very well, The Government takes from them to
the amount of $250,000,000, (less, if you please,
the principle is the same,) and veiy glad to get
them. What do we gain and lose by this whole
transaction? Why, sir, we take back the very
notes which we gave them to bank upon, which
notes, as wo have seen, are based upon the very
bonds on which our notes to-day rest for security,
and gtve them $15,000,000 more in the form of
interest, making $30,000,000 in all, as a pre-
mium, f suppose, for the new financial scheme;
half this sum on the bonds sold to the associa-
tions, the other half on the notes returned to the
Government as a loan. The plain English of the
whole transaction is, we pay about $600,000 per
week for the sublime privilege of receiving a cur-
rency from an association which we have created,
when everybody prefers ourown currency to that,
and when it docs not cost us a dollar m interest,
besides being of more equal value, especially in
times of a money panic. I do not believe that
there are a thousand sane men in the country who
would not prefer the very class of Government
notes now in circulation, to the extent say of
$500,000,000, to any that are recommended by the
Secretary. The security is the same—Govern-
ment bonds; and our notes can at any time be
merged into them with a reward of six per cent,
interest. What need then of the expensive circum-
locution implied by banking associations? Why
drive out the better notes to make room for the
worse, and then pay nearly a third of $100,000,000
a year for the pleasure of the experiment ? All the
security worth considering, all the vitality and life
of either class of notes, comes from the bonds of the
General Government. Up to this very hour, the
greenbacks, as they are called, are preferred to any
other; they are hoarded by the banks; they are laid
aside for taxes and other special objects by private
individuals, and are to-day at a large premium
over certificates of indebtedness which draw six
percent, interest. Under the circumstances, there-
fore, as the subject appears to me, the Secretary's
recommendation is financial suicide; it should be
called a plan- to increase the public burdens—it
is nothing more nor less than that. Any amount
that this Government can afford to permit asso-
ciations to issue at the great profit which we have
set forth, it can better afford to issue itself and
save the interest for the benefit of the people; for,
after all, the people are the Government in this
country, and they are willing to lise or fall,
financially, with it. .Each man is a partner in
carrying on this war, and is furnishing a portion
of his means to do it; but it would be very strange
if our people should prefer to pay, as the Secre-
tary proposes, a heavy interest on obligations of
corporations, when their own obligations are more
acceptable, an interest half as large as the former
expenditures of the whole Government.
But another most serious obstacle stands in the
way of the proposed scheme. If adopted by Con-
gress, the $70,000,000, more or less, of State and
other bonds, now held as security for the free
banks in New York and elsewhere, must be
thrown upon the market, and thereby absorb the
very capital which the Government seeks for its
own use. The present banks cannot purchase
except they sell. When we drive the banks to
purchase our bonds, we force them to throw their
own securities upon the market; this leads to a
revolution and a general unsettling of the money
market, without any substantial benefits to our
Treasury.
Why argue further this question ? So far as
any advantage is sought to be obtained by the
new plan of banking, it will be found as fruitless
as the ashes of Sodom. The idea of securing in
this way a sound and uniform currency, of unva-
rying value, was long ago exploded by actual and
repeated experiments. The proposed theory is
nothing more nor less than a modification of the
free banking system which was experimented
upon so extensively in the West, and resulted
most disastrously to all classes. It cost the citi-
zens of Illinois about four million of hard-earned
dollars in ninety days, and, in its downward ca-
reer, swept before it to destruction nearly every
large bank in the city of Chicago, and many of
its mercantile houses. Governor Matteson, for
several years, was king of the so-called " wild
cats;" he owned stock banks in all directions,
and guided and controlled them as easily as a weli-
skilled boy manages a kite. He was kiting on a
large scale, and did very well at the business, to
all appearance, till a sudden commercial storm
drove kite, tail holder, and flyer himself to the
eaith.
Is there any parallel between the operation of
this system and what may be expected from bank-
ing on Government bonds? Wc shall soon see.
About the time the war commenced, State bonds
and stocks fell in value from ten to forty per cent.,
and, as a result, the whole free banking system
in the North went down with a crash, burying in
the rubbish bankers, tradesmen, farmers, and me-
chanics; and yet, m the very face of (his whole-
sale ruin, the Secretary demands that we sha!1
establish a system of corresponding character.
But I shall atonce be met with the objection that
he proposes Government bonds as a basis, of bank-
ing; therefore, the bills must always be good, at
par value. The proposition that such bonds will
not rise and fall in value, so as to lessen the value
of the bills, is precisely what I deny. There is
no warrant in history or observation for any such
