1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the early part of spring. I think this appropri-
ation should be made for the purpose of maintain-
ing peace among those people. It is infinitely
cheaper to make an appropriation of $20,000 to
feed them and give them presents and keep them
in subjection than it is to fight them; and you
must d*o one or the other. The system lias been
inaugurated of furnishing them with food and
subsistence, and it is very difficult to break it up.
I apprehend, if it id broken up, or this appropri-
ation reduced, the result will be that they will
commence depredating on the emigrants and the
overland passengers. The people of the State
which I in part represent have a very great inter-
est in keeping that line open, and keeping it free
and safe for families to cross. We obtain our
emigrants from this side by that route.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If the amendment stands
as it was reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, it makes the stun $25,000 for the Terri-
tory of Utah for the present fiscal year; and that
is what we propose to give that Territory for the
next fiscal year, and to Colorado and Nevada and
New Mexico. I think it is not too much.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think if the Senator
from Maine knew how many Indians there were
in that Territory, he wouid not oppose this sum.
There are a large number of Indians there, and
the $20,000 Will be but a very small pittance for
them.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After line thirteen hun-
dred and eight I move to insert the following:
For incidental twpeni-es of the Indian department, glow-
ing out of the exnaordinary Indian trouble* during the pu;<s-
ent fiscal year in the northwestern States and Ti nitorics,
$15,000.
The facts upon *hio,h this amendment is based,
the extraordinary Indian troubles in the north-
western States and Territories, are probably well
known to the Senate. The truth is, the Depait-
ment have already incurred a considerable amount
of incidental expenses, and some will necessarily
have to be incurred by that Department. The
Secretary of the Interior asked to have the sum
of $20,000 appropriated for this purpose; but in
that $20,000 it was intended on his port to embrace
the payment for the use of a steamer upon Lake
Michigan. The Committee on Indian Affairs de-
sired to separate the two items. They reported
in relation to the steamer on Lake Michigan as a
separate proposition, ami the incidental expenses
as a separate matter by itself. The Commissioner
of Indian Affairs had to go personally to Minne-
sota, and during the outbreaks there individuals
had to be employed as runners and sent to differ-
ent Indian tribes; persons had to be employed to
go to propitiate the Indians, to see if peace could
be made with them; and some of the chiefs have
been brought on to Washington under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the interior, for the pur-
pose of communicating directly with the Govern-
ment. It is believed that the most economical
way, at times, to m go tiatc treaties with the Indians
is to bring some of the chiefs here and negotiate
treaties with them hete, rather than to have them
negotiated elsewhere. There are various other
incidental expenses, which I will not take up the
time of the Senate by goin<j into.
Mr. RICE. I move to inm-psc lilt impropri-
ation to §20,000, so that it will correspond with
the estimate sent in by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It in moved by.
the Senator from Minnesol-i to amend ttie intend-
ment by striking out "fifteen," ami inserting
" twenty."
Then mend me nt to the ame n dm en twas agreed to.
The amendment, as iimeiided, was adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move an amend-
ment to add two additional sections to the bill.
They make no appropriation. They merely pro-
vide for the negotiation of treaties for the removal
of the Indian? Aom Kansas. They are precisely
similar to the hill winch passed the Senate ashort
time since. The amendment i.? to ?dd the follow-
ing as additional .section:*:
See. —. J)ivl be itfurthn enacie-h That the President of
the United States he, r.nd hereby, authon/,ed to enter Into
trnuties with the several mbes of f ndi.irx. respectively, now
residing- in the State of Kansas, providing tor the extinc-
tion oi theii titiesto 'amis held in common within said State,
and for tfro rcinov.l of such Indians of said tribes as hold
their jar.d* in roritfien to suitable iociJittes elsewhere
within the territorial limits of the United States and out-
side the limits of any State. " I
Sec. —. •dnd he it, further enacted, That the President of ,
the United State« be, and is heiebv, authorized to enter into ;
negotiations, by treaty or otherwise, with such loyal tribes.,
or the loyal'portions of such mbes. now residing in the
country south of Kansas and west of Arkansas, commonly
known as" the Indian count! y," as may be necessary in or-
dei to secure for the Indians of Kansas who shall be removed
to said Indian country under the piovisions of the pieced-
ing section of this act the title to the lands to which they
may be so removed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to read an
extract from the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs on this subject. He says:
"A fruitful source of difficulty, and one which detracts
very much from the success of oui Indian policy, is found
in the fact'thatmost of the reservations within this supcr-
intendeney are surrounded by white settlements ; and it has
therefore been impossible to prevent the pernicious effects
arising from the inteicour&e of vicious whites with the In-
dians. To jemedy this, it has been suggested that the va-
rious tribes should be removed to the Indian count! v im-
mediately south of Kansas. This suggestion is heartily
approved by the whites and by many ot the Indian*, and,
under favorable circumstances, I should have no hesitation
in recommending its adoption. It cannot he doubted that
most, if not all, of the tribes of the Indian countiy have, in
a greatei oi less degiec, compromised their rights under ex-
isting tieaties, and that upon the lestoration of our author-
ity, their treaty relations will require readiustment, not only
to piovide for the punishment of those who have aided the
rebellion, but also to secure the lights of tho-je who have
remained loyal. This will present a favorable opportunity
for providing homes for such of the tribes and portions of
tribes ot the cential supeunteiideney as may desire to emi-
grate to that country."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am altogether opposed
to putting these schemes for tieatiusso extensively
on the Indian appropriation bill. Everybody in
the Senate understands thnt we cannot have the
discussion that ought to be had on those matters
for the understanding of them when thoy are put
on these hills. It is huideniligdown these appro-
priation bills with all sorts of legislation. The
Senate have decided overand over again that this
general legislation with reference to these subjects
ought not to go upon these appropriation bills.
Thoie is no more propi iety in it in this ense than
ul otiifji eases which do not refer to the Indians
or anything in connection with the Indians. It
is useless for me to argue it. Every Senator will
vote according to his own view?; but I desire to
enter my protest against this attempt winch is
made time and again, whenever an appropriation
bill comes up, to put general legislation upon it.
This proposition should be considered by itself.
This matter of Indian treaties 1 ha veal ways looked
upon with very great suspicion; and I believe the
Suuite has lesolved, not m writing, but Senators
haw resolved over and over again, thatthey would
put a stop to it; that they would not vote for any
more of these Indian treaties. Every one of them
that id mode exposes us to new troubles.
I state the objection, and shall feel under the
necessity of calling for <i dircct, vote of the Senate
on the subject, If the Senate chooses to submit
to it or to adopt that as its policy on bills of this
description, oi course I must submit to whatever
the Senate decides to be best in relation to it; but
it is contrary to my own judgment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr, President, this
amendment is not subject to the objections made
by the Senator fi om Maine. It has been discussed
m this Chamber and passed the Senate by a unan-
imous vote as a separate bill, and has gone *o the.
House of Representatives.
There is another objection urged by the Sena-
tortowhichthisaniendmentisnotsubject. Itisnot
proposed that the Government shall pay a dollar
of expense in making the treaties or in removing
the Indians. We have oheady under this policy
inaugurated by the Indian Bureau made treaties
with two of the tribes of our State, the Ktcka-
puos and the Sacs and Foxes; and it is expiessly
provided in those treaties that the expense is to be
deducted from the proceeds of their lands. Having
inaugurated the policy, we are very anxious to
have this proposition passed at the present session.
It has passed this body, but is now endangered in
the House. It has been reported favorably by the
committee m the other Douse as well as by the
committee here; and I do hope the Senate will per-
mit the amendment to go upon this lull.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must ask for the yeas
and nays on this amendment. The principle is
altogether too important to suffer it to go.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 15; as follows:
YIH?— M>scr? ColJamer, Dixon, DooHttle. Harding.
Ilarlan, Harris, Ilicks, Kennedy, King, Lane of Kansas,
I] JLatham, NesmithjFomeroy, Powell, liice, Sumner,Turpie,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Missouri—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Da-
vN, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Howard, Howe,
Moinil, Ten Eyck, Willey, and Wilson of Massachusetts
So* the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have another amend'
ment to oiler, to insert after line thirteen hundred
and eight, the following;
For the salary of an agent for the Ottawas. the Chippewas
of Swan river and Black nver, and Christian Indians in
the State of Kansas, $1,500: Provided, That said agency
shall continue for one year only.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of that. What is the necessity for it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 rose for the purpose of
making an explanation. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs addressed a letter to the Secretary
of the Interior on this subject, showing the neces-
sity for an agent there, which I will read:
Department of tiie Interior.
Office Indian Affairs, December 16,1862.
Sir: I deem it proper to call your attention to the fact
that the agent for the Sacs and Foxes of the Mis^istJppi
lias hitherto been charged with the superviMon of the Ot-
tawas, Chippcwas, and Munsee or Christian Indians, as
well as the duties of his proper agency.
The provisions of the recent treaties with the last named
Indians are such as to very hugely inciea^e the duties of
their agent, and to render them veiy onerous, it not impos-
sible to be pioperh dischaiged in connection with the duties
of the Sac and Fox agency. Fortius reason I deem it ad-
visable that Agent .Maitin shall be relieved of any further
supervision of the Oltawa«, Chippcwas, and Munsees, and
respectfully ?mg2e«t that, it it me< t with your approbation,
Congress be recommended to create a new agency to take
chaige of the Indian?-last named, the salary of the agent
to be at the rate of .$'1,500 per annum.
Very reupeetfully, your obedient scivant,
- WM. P. DOLE. Commissioner.
Hon. Caleb 15. .Smith, Secritaiy of the Interior.
The Secretary of the Interior thereupon ad-
dressed the following letter to the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate:
Dfi'art.ment of tiie JvrtRIOR, -
Dccembtn 27, 1802.
Sia • I have the honor to tiansmit to the Committee, on
fmli.in A flans of tiie Senate, a copy of a letter fiom the
Cuiiiiiu^-ioner of Indian Affairs ot the 16th meruit. etting
i-i t!> ihi' faets that the ptoviMons of iceent t!i-.me«, u iih the
>' /'! ova-. Chippewa-*, and Munsee oi Cbtisuan Indiana, m
'lOui-a-. rend*'i the duties of then atrent veiv oneions, that
o'nri'i heimjr also the agent of the Sac and Fox Indian^.
i .Mieinnnf? with Commissioner Dole in the Miir^estion
C - int.!im< <! in his letter. I lecommend that a new air; nev be
.ii' <! :o embrace the Ottawas, Ch'ppcwa*:. and Mmwe
oi >"!11;-.ri.in Indiana, the ^alai) of the agent to be at tiie rate
n' > 1.30(1 [)*•! annum
V'ii\ le-pectfullv, vourobcd'cnf seivant.
CALIHM1. SMrrH, Secrefffnr.
!S"m J. It. Doomttlv. Chairman of the Comi.utta' on' In-
Seni .'Ijftrirs, Untied State« Senate.
Ir \h recommended by the Department for the
hmmii] 'l.ei ein stvUed; but the committee, m look-
ing ir over, determined to put upon it a proviso
that 11 should continue for one year only, because
they behove that in a year the business particu-
larly growing ouf of the new treaty relations may
he disposed-of, the treaties providing that those
Indians may become citizens ofthe United States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish the chairman
of the committee would state, also, that there have
been tlnown on the agent of the Sacs and Foxes
eight thousand refugee Indiana from tbctenitory
south of us, whom he is now feeding, which makes
it impossible for him to attend to the new rela-
tions with the Ottawas, growing out of the divid-
ing of their land.
"Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the chairman if the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, in looking into it, were satisfied that the
labor now was so much that it could not be well
and properly performed by one person.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee were of
the opinion that it was necessary—I do not say
absolutely necessary—that there should be an-
other agent for about one year; and they limit the
creation of the agency to that time.
Mr. POMEROY. I will inform the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that if these agencies
were together the labor would not be so very bur-
densome; but these two agencies are far apart,
some thirty or forty miles apart. The Ottawas
are now becoming citizens, and m one year an
agent can do all that is necessary for them.
Air. FESSENDEN. They are not further apart
now than they have been heretofore when the
agency was established.
Mr. POMEROY. It must be remembered that
the agent, in addition to th* Ottawas and Sacs and
