THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
last cent what yon owe to the men who are fight-
ing your battles."
Indeed, I have the highest authority for saying
that in the month of May last-a number of capi-
talists offered to take to the amount of $2,000,000
•of these bonds at par, provided they could have
the option of taking $20,000,000 more, from one
to four months following. The offer was refused;
and the Treasury is to-day empty, simply and
solely because the Secretary of the Treasury has
not carried out. the law as understood here, and
.sold the bonds, as required, at the market-price.
The amount authorized and unsold is about four
hundred and seventy-five million dollars, and for
the reason that they are unsold some of our sol-
diers and their families have suffered to an extent
that can never be estimated. Congress and the
Presidentare held responsible by the country gen-
erally for their non-payment. They are every-
where denounced in the seveiest terms. Sir, there
never was a greater mistake. Before Congi ess sepa-
rated last July they did every thing required, every-
thing they could do tosecuiethe prompt payment
of every soldier in the field, but by the refusal of
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell our bonds at
the market price thousands of them have not re-
ceived a dollar for from five to ten months, and
the families of many of them are bordering on
starvation, while others are supported by charity
from day to day.
Will it be said in justification that if we were
to sell the bonds we might lose a small per cent,
on them? What! and has it come to this, that
we must stop and higgle over a question of dis-
count, while the brave men who stand between us
and national destruction are suffering, bleeding,
and dying upon the battle-field, and their wives and
chikhen crying for bread ? Remember, sir, that
thisarmy of men who arethns neglected and thrust
aside without pay,are thebieath, the hope, the life,
and the salvation of the Republic; take them away
and Washington would not be in our possession
twenty-four hours-, take them away, and there
would be no place here for President, Cabinet
ministers, or Congress; let those w hom we pi omise
to pay thirteen dollars pei month, but do not pay—
let these men go home, and your whole Govern-
ment is gone, if, under such circumstances, we
pay them not lest we lose a little money by dis-
count, history should and will write us down as
the meanest people that ever existed upon the face
of the earth. A Government that will not take
care of the men who save it from destruction de-
serves to perish; but I rejoice to know that the
people are right on this subject; so is the Presi-
dent, so is Congress.
The most earnest arid sorrowful appeals have
been coming from the soldiers to members of
Congress !or money to send to their needy fami-
lies. Many of their letteis would draw teais from
men ol the hardest hearts. Some say they have
had no pay foi five months, otheis ten; that ihey
have not had a dollai iit then pockets for weeks
and months, and their families aie in danger of
starvation. Wivos wuie that they and tbeirdnl- I
dren are sick, and they ha\e no means to pur-
chase^ bread, much less meat. As a sample of
letters received, I quote from one written from a
hospital in Mai yland:
" £ir: i take Hie hhetty of wiifin? you a fcwhne« con-
cerning my laniily, who ate in a state of stai v.uioti while
f am figliim<: ibr iny cmsniiy, M\ wife h.e- been MCk in
bed time \ve< ks, and now lite efuJdien have the ajrue Now,
Sir. Gurlej, do j on think it rcc;Iit to keep a man without pa\
Jor five munilif, while Jus family is situated as mine i ? il"
you llunk >>o, f don't  
These poor men receive very small wages at the
best; nnd is it any wonder, therefore, that thou-
sands ot them desert, and rush home to save their
wives and children from want, and even starva®*
tion? It is estimated that fifty thousand of tins
class are now at home, they believing that the
condition of t heir families requires their industry
and suppoit m the absence of the wages which
we agteed to pay them, and yet we all know that
our soldiers form the only shield and barrier be-
tween the Government and the army that lies in
wait to destroy us; theie is not a Government
officer in this city who is not solely dependent
upon them forprotection, for his freedom, and his
life.
In seventeen days, up to December 30, the Pay-
master General received $350,000 for the soldier's,
although he had been promised $500,000 per day.
To show how western troops arc paid—the men
who have recently been so heroically fighting a
whole week—I quote from a late newspaper:
- {£ Payment of Western Troops.—An officer in one of
the ' fi htin<*> western regiments write® as follows to his
fiiend, in city. We hope the ptoper authorities will
' make a n >te of it
a < Whenever you s<vj the President ju-nhint to him the
expediency of htnrymg up the payment of the western
troops. The army of the Ohio has not been paid since
Apt il; the army oi Tennessee since June; and the army
ot Kentucky since Juty.} "
Sir, no mere technicality of law, no doubtful
construction, should prevent the sale of bonds to
pay soldiers; they are entitled to the benefit of all
doubts of construction, and no Congress would
censure any public officer for raising money in any
honest way to pay them, even if he went beyond
the law, but would be applauded for it. Better
part with the bonds at fifty cents on the dollar
than that any of them should suffer. Those who
have periled their life and their all that the nation
may live, have a claim that no other men can
have, and no Government agent must piesumeto
thwart the leal intent of a law upon the faithful
execution of which depends the very existence
of the army in the field.
It is not for the want of resources at the North;
it is not foi the want of money in the country; it
is not for the want of will on the part of the Pres-
ident, Congress, or the people at huge, that our sol-
diers are unpaid. No man is more anxious that
they should receive every cent due them than the
President himself. It is simply because a plain
law of Congress has not been carried out, as the
members who voted for it intended that it should
be; but 1 trust that no time will now be lost in
securing the means to meet the demands of the
heroic defenders of the Republic.
In my judgment the Secretary has this day all
the authority we can give him to laise money by
the sale of bonds; he has had it for more than ten
months; and 1 see no g<>od reason, therefore, for
the neglect of the brave men who, sleeping upon
damp ground, and drenched with the rains and
snows of winter, are fighting the battles of the
count!y, and dying by hundreds and thousands,
that we and the Government may live. That the
Secretary of the Treasury has acted in good fai'h
1 am suie, for he is a man ofgood conscience; he
has, however, put a different construct am upon the
law authorizing him to sell our bonds than this
House has put upon it, but we must all admit that
he has done so with a most conscientious regard
to his public duty. Had his judgment coincided
with ours, and conscience permuted, he would at
once have put the bonds upon the maiketand sold
them. Then-can be no doubt about this ill the
minds of those who know him best.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
like to make n single xui^estion to the gentleman
from Ohio. I undeistand that the object of his
argument is to show that the entire fault in the
failure to pay the soldiets is the result of the ac-
tion of the Seeietaiy of the Treasury. I do not
think that is just. I think the law we passed last
year was equivocal in its phraseology, and I think
(hat any fair man, particularly any man who was
disposed to exercise no further powers or discre-
tion than those conferred upon him by the legis-
lature, might well have putthe coustiuction upon
that statute which was adopted by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I make this remark for the pur-
pose of doing justice to the Secretaiy, and also
for another purpose; and that is, to say that there
is the same defect in the bill now before the House,
in my judgment, except that perhaps the difficulty
here is greater than the one we have experienced
in reference to the bill we passed last year. We
must have this money upon some terms, and your
committee, in reporting this bill, have provided
that these bonds shall not be sold at less than par.
If the Government wants money, and wants large
sums of money, they must obram it in the maiket
at the market price. Your Government is just as
likely to be embarrassed in the course of the next
yeai for want of this power in the Secretary of
the Treasury, as it was the last year.
I admit thedoctnnc fully that in a time like this
it is impossible to observe strictly the ordinary
rules of curicncy. You must expect expansion
and enlargement. But there is one thing certain,
and that is, that you must have the money, and
that you must give the Secretary of the Treasury
the necessary power to obtain that money, to
carry on this war. I say, if he cannot sell these
bonds for more than sixty cents on the dollar, he
must sell them; and this restriction must be re-
moved, if you mean to carry on the Government
ofthe country. And I believe that the early policy
of this matter was not the issue of Treasury notes,
or any of these schemes of finance, but simply
the power of the Government to borrow money
when it was wanted on the best terms it could be
procured in the market.
Mr. HOOPER. I wish to ask the gentleman
what kind of money he proposes they should
borrow ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. You have
money in the market now, which you recognize
as such, and which you have provided.
Mr. HOOPER. But what money would they
have borrowed before the Treasury notes were
issued ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. You had
bank cnculation then, and the Government did
then borrow la^ge sums of money.
The clause to which I referred is this:
'•And he may, in hi? di>cretton, dispose of such bonds
at ntty tune, upon thu boi term* he can obtain, not less
than par, for lawlui money of the Untied States," &.e.
1 propose to strike out the words il not less tha i
par," so that he can boirow this money on the
best terms he can get.
Mr. GURLEY. 1 merely wish to say, in re-
ply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, ihat 1
did not call in question the motives ofthe Secre-
tary of the Treasury at all. He is a man of con-
science and a man of good judgment; and he de-
cided that the law did not permit him to sell these
bonds m the way indicated. It is not for me to
censure him; but I hold a different opinion. I
put a different construction upon the bill which
passed; and so, also,did the House, because they
asked the Secretary of the Treasury, by a vote
of 122 to 3, why he had not sold the bonds. If
they had not understood the law precisely as I
did, they, of couise, would not have asked the
Secretary that question,
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I have but a
very few remarks to make. If 1 rightly appre-
hended the drift of the speech of the gentleman
ft oru Ohio, [Mr. Gurley,] it was simply an attack
upon the Secretaiy of the Tieasury, originating
in what motives 1 know not. God alone searches
t he heart. It does seem to me, sir, that if it were
possible to destroy this nation — which, I thank
God, it is not, in my belief—1 think its epitaph
would probably be that it died of eioakers and
fault-findets, who are constantly carping and
snapping at every executive officer, not excepting
the chief. A gentleman over the way [Mr. Val-
landigh\m] yesterday said that if he had the
power he would reduce each army to a peace es-
tablishment.' if i had the power, 1 would com-
press the respiratory organs of these etei nal fault-
finders. [Laughter.] It is usually only when a
little peisonal capital can be made out of it that
we hear of the tears of soldieisand the destitu-
tion of their familus. i have no doubt that the
gentleman sympathizes with the soldiers, and 1
have just as luile doubt that the Secretary of the
Treasury has quite as much sympathy as the
gentleman. So have we all. But 1 am weary of
this constant censonousness, and i am going to
issue an oider that it shall cease. [Laughter.]
Wi all believe that the President, and all the other
officers of the Government, are doing their very
best. They are all loyal, honest, and earnest,
and instead of finding fault with them, they ought
all to have our sympathy, encouragement, and
our prayers, and especially the prayers of such
gentlemen as the one who has justaddressed the
committee, because it is said, upon good author-
ity, that the fervent, effectual piayer of the right-
eous man availeth much. [Laughter.]
Mr. GURLEY. 1 wish to say merely that I
would be the last man to find fault with any de-
partment of the Government if it were not neces-
sary to do so. I dislike croakers as much as the
gentleman does. Rut, sir, look to your Aimv in
the field. Go among your soldiers, and see some
of them at the very point of revolt against the
Government, because they have not received the
money due them to send to their wives and chil-
dren. It is very pleasantand agreeable, no doubt,
for us to receive our eight or ten dollars a day,
and fare sumptuously at Willard's or some other
hotel. [Cries of " sumptuously and laughter."}
Hut, sir, what is the condition of the men upon
