1863;
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L08B.
whom you are dependent for your lives, for the
existence of your Government, and even for the
keepingof your President and Secretary of Treas-
ury in thiscfcy ? Remember, sir, that if these peo-
ple make a stand, and go home to take care of their
families, you must seize the rifle or the gun and go
out to meettheenemy. ButI am afraid thegentle-
manfrom Illinois would not go out. [Laughter.]
1 am for paying the soldiers, and no party fealty
of mine will induce me to withhold from the coun-
try the truth when the interests of the Government
and the country demand the expression of that
truth. Any man who, for mere parly purposes,
would keep the truth, upon so vital a subject, fiom
the people, would, if party fealty required it,dance
over the grave of his mother. [Great laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, these facts
to which the gentleman alludes are sufficient to
prompt every member of the House to immediate
action. The gentleman is welcome to his little ad
captatidum speech foi use in the next campaign;
but 1 submit that the portrayal of these things to
be sent to the Army to increase the disaffection
and dissatisfaction 1 hat already exist does no good,
and is calculated to aggravate the evil it would
cure. The Secretary of the Treasury has done
everything he could within the limits of the law,
and under the circumstances of the case, to meet
these wants of the soldiers. Every candid person
knows and admits this to be true. If errors have
been committed we have all shared them.
The gentleman fears that I might not be very
prompt in a certain contingency to seize my mus-
ket. Sir, I have not a very exalted opinion of my
own military prowess; but according to my best
recollection I kept about as near the guns in the
Missouri campaign as did the gentleman himself.
The gentleman speaks of " dancing on the grave
of a mother." I do not object to the utterance
of any necessary truth; but what I do object to is
the indulgence of personal antipathies when the
Republic, the mother of us ail, is surrounded by
red-handed traitois menacing its very life.
And now, Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to say, in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Spaulting,] who made the opening speech upon
this question, that, in my opinion, his theory is
erroneous when he says there is not gold enough i n
the country to do all the business of the Govern-
ment. The gentleman says there are §87,000,000
of gold in the banks, and from two to three hun-
dred millions of gold in the countiy, and that we
want $900,000,000, and, therefore, to do business
with specie is impossible. Why, sir, on this
theory we must have just as many dollars in
money •\t one time as we do business in a year;
that is, if we transact business to the amount of
$900,000,000, we must have $900,000,000 in mon-
ey, dollar for dollar. Now, sir, 1 consider that a
fatal mistake, i do not profess to be a financier,
or to be very skillful in money matters. Never-
theless, I hold to the theory which I advanced
at the outset, that it would have been cheaper for
us :n the end, and better for the country, to have
acted upon a specie basis, and never have departed
from it. I believed it then, and J believe it now;
and ! do not like these statements to go abroad
without refutation, which are apparently correct,
but which, in my view, are utterly fallacious.
But, these things aside, I deem it a matter of
duty to my constituents to insist on an amend-
ment to this bill, which I believe has been pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Walker,] or some similar amendment which
shall tax out of existence these bank bills or notes,
and that Treasut y notes shall supply their places.
That, sir, if I understand it, is certainly the earnest
wish, and if such language be not improper here,
the demand of my constituents, and, I think, of
what is termed the Northwest. We do not want
to be flooded with this irredeemable paper money
issued by the banks, for if we issue $300,000,000
they will issue twice that amount, and there is no
limit to these issues, except the capacity of writing
names, and 1 have no doubt they will invent ma-
chinery for that. Now, sir, I ask that a tax shall
be imposed upon this irredeemable paper of the
banks, amounting to a prohibition of its circula-
tion, and that the Treasury notes of the Gov-
ernment shall flow in to supply their places, and
that when these Treasury notes have been issued
and put in circulation, they shall not be dragged
down to an almost limitless depth of discount by
the unlimited issues of these banks; for your
Treasury notes will be just as scarce as gold after
a while, if we allow these bank issues to go on.
The cheaper currency will always drive out and
take the place of the better currency; and these
bank issues will speedily become the only cur-
rency we have, and by and by, when the crash
comes, as it must come as inevitably as the crack
of doom, the issues of these banks will be found
knee-deep all over the western States; and we
must suffer the loss, and suffer it, too, while we
are reaping comparatively but few of the benefits
of this war, and suffering at least our share of its
privations and of its losses of Hfc.
I do not wish, Mr. Chairman, to discuss this
question of finance at large. I simply want to
press this one point; and I think my colleagues
will agree with me, fhat I express the united and
earnest sentiment of the grain-growing States. If
j we must have a paper currency—that seems to be
I inevitable now—let us have a Government cur-
1 renoy, and not the currency.of a thousand irre-
! sponsible corporate, bodies or associations. I a.^k
; it at the hands of this House on behalf of the
[ Northwest.
I Sir, I disagree with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Biddle] in regard to the right of
annihilating this sort of irredeemable currency—
these notes which are never to be redeemed, and
upon which interest is being received all the while.
I claim, sir, that if the Federal Government occu-
pies any department of legislation, it is absolute
and exclusive, and the Slates have no business to
meddle with it; and if it is the high prerogative
of the Federal Government to issue these notes
and make them a legal lender as it has done,
it certainly has the exclusive right to the entire
field of circulation. I think that is substantially
the doctrine laid down in the case of Prigg against
the State of Pennsylvania. Judge Story laid it
down there that where the Federal Government
legislated at ail it was absolute and exhaustive,
and that the States had no business to legislate
within that field of Fed< ral legislation. The Fed-
eral Government has decided to furnish a cur-
rency for the country, and I claim that that right
is exclusive, and that it shuts out all the compet-
ing rights, or supposed rights, of a State to do so.
My conviction is, and has been, that these bank
issues have been always unconstitutional, have
been always a cursc to the country, and never
have been an advantage at all.
I hold that this whole theory of banking is
vicious, fallacious, and deceptive; and I believe
that these banks have had more to do with our
ever-recurring commercial disasters and collapses
than any other cause whatever, i repeat that, in
my opinion, the decision in the case to which I
referred, sanctions the position that I take—that
the i ightof the Federal Government to issue notes,
if it issue them at all, is exclusive.
Mr. BIDDLE. To what case do I understand
my friend from Illinois to refer?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The case of Prigg vs. The
State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BIDDLE. Why, I thought that was the
ease of a fugitive slave.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is true. But the prin-
ciples hud down, upon which the case was de-
cided, were general, and not limited in their appli-
i cation to that particular case.
; A Member made a remark not audible to the
| reporter.
i Mr. LOYEJOY. Gentlemen show their want
| of sense more than tfiey do their wit by trying to
| get the negro into what I am saying.
1 Mr. BIDDLE. I certainly meant no diacourt-
I esy to the gentleman. I was a little curious to
1 know the analogy between a fugitive slave case
i and this question of finance and banks, and I de-
! sired the gentleman to explain it.
| Mr. LOVEJOY. There is this analogy, atany
i rate, that both are villainies, one defrauding the
i man out of himself, and the other defrauding him
I out of his money. .
; I was about to say that in the case to which 1
! have referred, the principle is laid down that what-
ever field the Federal Government chooses to oc-
cupy by its legislation, the very fact of its so
occupying it excludes State legislation, and ren-
ders it null and void. Now, my point is, that the
Federal Government has, by Us legislation, issued
this currency,and that we have therefore the right
to exclude from circulation all those bank notes
issued in pursuance of State laws.
Again, sir; there nevet^ a time/as Tuiidei^
stand from a great many bankers, when the man-
ufacturers of this irredeemable paper—and1 k #
nothing else—>could call it1 in and doiessnfrjury
to their customers th&n now. : > - ' f"'
I am told that there never has been
the banks were so nearly paid up, when they hiitfd
so few notes to pay, as tit the present time. Money
is cheap, and is becoming cheaper, and Everybody
is rushing to pay his debts.
Mr. PIKE. That seems to me an extraordi-
nary statement. As I understand thegfenttemarr,
the bank issue is now largely in excess of ordi-
nary times, and as the gentleman from -IHinbie &
familiar with the economy of banking, I wotfM
like him to answer the question whether it is rtot
the practice of banks to issue notes bearing no i«-
terest and receive in return for those notes paper
bearing interest? How, then, can it be that they
are largely in excessofcirculation and not largely
in excess of paper, for which that circulation wafc
issued ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. They buy GovcrnmentstockS
for the purpose of drawing the interest upoft
them, when they pay no interest upon their own
issues. There is no question about that,
Mr. PIKE. I ask further, if that be thestate
of the case, why he wishes to destroy the banks*
when the banks are the largest purchasers of
United States stocks ? For, sir, if the Govern-
ment needs anything in the world, it now needs
purchase rs of its stocks.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No,air. When they do they
cheapen them. They give for my note, which
is worth something, their own issues, which are
worth nothing. •
Mr. PIKE. I will ask still further, whether
any of the banks, which the gentleman denounces
with such ferocity, have declined atany time in
exchange for these worthless notes to furnish legal
tender notes of the Government?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have denounced neither
banks nor bankers. I suppose that bankers h-avte
the same human nature that other people have.
If I were a rich man 1 might be a banker, but as
I am a poor man I have my sympathy enlisted in
behalf of the laboring men more than on behalf of
the capitalists. I have simply denounced irre-
deemable bank paper.
Mr. PIKE. Thegentleman will be good enough
to listen to my question. I ask him whether the
banks which are denounced, and that he would do
away with, have declined to issue for these worth-
less notes the legal tender notes of the Govern*
ment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. They certainly have. That
is their character. They do not redeem their bills.
They get one hundred United States notes, and on
it issue three or four hundred of their own.
Mr. PIKE. That is not the case in my section
of the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Does the gentleman from
Maine believe that the banks can pay the notes
which they have issued, with legal tender noted?
I do not believe it, if the gentleman does.
Mr. PIKE. So far as I kno  v, the banks have
held a sufficient amount of legal tender notes to
furnish them at their counters on demand for their
own notes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is the old story about
specie payments. The old hugger-mugger of roll-
ing casks of gold from vault to vault. I know
that has been the theory and the profession of
the banks; but it is what they have never car-
ried into practice. It is what I insist they shall
do, or that they shall become extinct. It is pre-
cisely like the debtor who has money when we
do not want it, and has none when we do want
it. What I am for is this: if the privilege is to
be enjoyed of circulating notes without paying
interest, I want the Government of the United
States to have that preiogative txclusively, with-
out running a muck with irresponsible associa-
tions of individuals, who will still flood the coun-
try with their paper, nine tenths of which will
! never be redeemed, I do not desire to denounce
! any person or corporation; but I do want most
j earnestly and ardently to see an end put to the
i inundation of these notes. The people are satis-
; fied with the Government currency.
| Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman whether he
; does not call that irredeemable currency?
i Mr. LOVEJOY. Did I not say that if any-
i body was to have the privilege ofcirculating irrr 
