346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January ITT,
il« emable notes, it should be the Government?
Then the people will have the benefit of it. If
$3,000,090 or $G,000,000 are to circulate without
interest, the Government should have the benefit
of it. What is of advantage to the Government
is an advantage to the people, for they are one.
The people, 1 repeat, are satisfied with the cur-
rency of the Government, whether it is good or
not. They believe that itisgood; thatit isa mort-
gage upon the entire property of the United States,
personal and real; and more and better than that,
the plighted faith and honor of the nation, notwith-
standing- thetreasonable utterances we have heard
upon this floor—which I hold to be treason with-
out the musket; the wickedness of treason with-
out the courage of armed rebellion. I say that
the great ocean of the American heart is loyal
and sound to its very depth. The people have
sworn before heaven that this nationality shall
be preserved in its integrity and entirety,and not
a single rock from old Plymouth, nor a tree on
the outmost verge of Maine, left out; not a shov-
elful! of sand on the extremest point of Florida;
not one inch of the black soil of the furthermost
edge of the Mississippi be stolen away from them.
They believe that these notes will sometime be
paid. That is their faith, and it is mine. I have
faith in God, and 1 have faith in the great ocean
of the American heart. It is true and loyal fiom
the depths. And could I pour my .voice over the
myriads of the loyal, as I have often over the
thousands in whose presence I have stood, while
in the aecents of a mother's love I would whis-
per comfort and sympathy to the bereaved and
stricken hearts in the land, I would say to the
surging mass of, American men and women,
" never despair of the Republic. It will be saved.
Trust in God. Rely on yourselves; and while
you scrutinize in a friendly way, as it is your
right and duty to do, the conduct of your ruleis
and leaders, military and civil, give them your
confidence ond support, for they need the one,
and cannotgetalong without the other. Remem-
ber that a kind Providence has given us bounti-
ful harvests, (hat our annual increase of wealth
reaches $400,000,000, and that we can carry on
this war, if needs we must, for a decade rather
than suffer the dismemberment of the nation."
The people will take care of the poor partisans
who runaround in New York,and upon this floor,
and responsive to the treasonably appeals of Jeff
Davis, that the first gleams of peace may conic from
the Northwest, echo back in squeaking obsequi-
ousness, il the first gleams of peace will be from
the Northwest." I stand up here to-day to speak
the voice of the Noithwest. The Northwest, sir,
will never go with the South, and will never let
the South go. It will never leave New England.
It will never feave New York. It will never leave
Pennsylvania. The people of that region are to-
day about two thousand miles nearer London by
New Yoik than by New Orleans. The products of
that vast territory ofthe Mississippi valley, many
of them, are such as to be liable to damage from
the climate, if they have to be taken a long voy-
age to Europe by New Orleans, and around the
peninsula of Florida, aside from the disadvantage
of distance. No, sir; we are going to the Gulf
by the Mississippi, and to the ocean by New
York. We propose to feed the world, and we
will never surrender the privilege of going to
maiket either way.
I thank God that he has allowed success to
the Demociutic party, so as to bring out the dis-
guised traitors. They begin to chatter out the
treason they have secretly cherished. We will
annihilate them at the next election. They stand
openly for disunion now. They shall meet their
doom. I know, sir, that I speak the voice of the
Northwest. I have moved among the people, i
have talked to them and with them. 1 know that
they are loyal. Sir, being a New England man,
and proud of my birth-pluce, and being a western
man by adoption, 1 think I can speak for them
both. We cannot spare New England, and she
cannot spare us. Of ail the mean things God ever
allowed to eiawi upon the eaitii, the meanest are
those who traduce the old Pdgiim fathers.
Mr. DAWES. The £entle?nan need not give
himself any uneasiness about New England.
Mr. LO^EJOY. I do not, 1 am of New Eng-
land myself. It is my country as much as it is
that of the gentleman himself. The idea of Jeff
Davisspaniels parceling out this country which
Jehovah has given as a heritage to the American
people I Decency has not blushed at such crime
and impudence since Satan undertook to sell the
kingdoms of this world to Christ.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say to the gentleman
that we have come to know that New England is
of vastly more importance to those men than they
are to New England.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, we are all of im-
portance to each other. All loyal hearts are of
importance. All parts ofthe nation are of import-
ance; but we can much better spare the rebels than
the rebels can spare us. They will find theirplaces
in time, as Judas did; and when we shall execute
them, as we ought to have done at first, God will
take care of the future transportation. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, in regard to the finances, all I ask of
this House is that they will give us a currency.
If they cannot give us gold, as I believe they might
have done, then let us have greenbacks, and we
will continue to pout; out our products as we have
our soldiers.
Mr. Chairman, I have received a memorial from
the Illinois Stale Agricultural Society upon the
matter now under discussion, which I will not
detain the committee to read, but which I will
append to my remarks:
Rooms of the Illinois State Agricultural Society,
Springfield, Illinois, January 9, 1863.
At a meeting of the executive board of tbe'State Agri-
cultural Sociely this. day, after a full discussion, it was, on
motion of A. J. Mattsou, E-q.,
Resolved, That the financial schemcf as presented in the
within memorial, meets our unanimous approbation, and
is commended to the favorable consideration of the Con-
gress of the United States;.
JOFIN P. REYNOLDS,
Corresponding Secrctai y Illinois State Agricultural Society.
To the Congress of the United States of Jlmciica:
Your memorialist* respectfully repiesent, that the wants
of the Government, in the present exigency, to supply the
armies m ihe field, are food, clothing, and amis ami muni-
tions of war. Our iKiiut.ii resource* are mure than equal
to any demand that can be made, and we have the neces-
sary skill and enterprise amonj? the people to rentlei these
resources available for any probable emej<;cney, if we only
combine and direct the means at command wi.sely. The
great want of the indus-tual interests is a sound, reliable
cneulating medium, winch shall be umiorm in value in all
place--, and of umloun volume at ail times—one in winch
all shall be alike interested, and which shall command the
confidence of the producing and inanufaeturmjrelassos, for
it is to these that Government must look mainly for supplies
and suppuit
This want the present banking system cannot meet. The
people have been *o often deceived and beuayed by the
operations of thofe currency e.hop*, that it would be a crime
to trust them longei. Resides, thev aie carried on for the
exclusive benefit ofthe few eunency mongeis who eontiol
them for their own benefit, without any jegaul 10 the pub-
he interest The only interest the wealth-pioducingelas.fes
have m thesf* institutions i  to bear the losses and disap-
pointments they inflict upon them. We never have had,
ami never can have, any permanent prosperity undoi this*
sy-tem The interest of borli Government and people de-
mands ih immediate suppression, and Congress should at
otiee exercise all ifccoiisiiiutinnal powerful that purpose.
Money being a medium of exchange to facilitate oiiiu-
meice. and the measme of value, as the yard-stick, pound
weight? or bushel h the measure of quantity, it bhould be
of uniform value wherever designed to ciri ulate. and of
equal volume at all times. It is, tlierefoie, the rightful
prerogative of the national Government (in the present
emergency, at least.) to control and regulate the currency,
by furnishing a circulating medium in which all are alike
interested The exercise of tins power by the individual
States, conveys the idea of separate, independent nation-
alities, and, to that extent, tends to weaken the bonds of
the Federal Union. And still less should it be eonitoiled
by any class of individuals or corporations. By peinmtmg
them to furnish the currency, we place in their hands the
weapon tor oppie«Mon and fraud.
Tile rate or amount of interest paid on the public debt
iM moi e important to the pre-enr generation than the amount
or the principal; for thev will have to be u\ed lor the pay-
ment of ihe interest, while the principal m.iy possibly he
left for futme ^dictations, when pio-peritv will have been
rej-tored, i*>pnlation ineieased. and the ba-is ot taxation
extended. The piesent high rate (^ix to seven and tinee
tenths per cent.) offered on Government {securities, is, there-
fore, highly objectionable. Hut the still cieatei objection to
the pa\ ment or these high iate  by the Government is. that
it will advance the rates in all busmen traiisaetions and
permanent enterpih-es, theieby retaidmg the development
of our natural re>om ces. without winch we cannot become
self-sustaining and independent as a nation. Again, it will
impose unnecessaiy ta.xcs on the industtiai interests-. and
ma\ liiciease these huideiisbej ond the limit ot endurance.
As a nation, we have not been heavily taxed; indeed, we
have hardly realized that we have contubuted anj thing
low aids the Mippoitot the national Government. We must
now submit to being taxed in greater or less degiee; and
tins will piove one of the severest oideai- through which
our democratic in-tmitions will have to pass, if is there-
fore highly important that these buidens be tnade as light,
and to bear as equally as possible on all classes and inter-
ests. We fail to -ee the necesbity or ju-ttce of pa\ mg the
interest on the Government loans in specie, while those
who produce ami furni-h all the supplies for the Govern-
ment, as well as the soldiers who nre periling iheir lives in
its defense, have always been willing to accept, arid have
never received anything better than, the plighted faith of
the nation, in the shape of Treasuiy notes, for their ser-
vices.
The Government should issue but one kfed of currency,-
and that should be made legally equal to com in all domes-
tic transactions. There should be no prefened class or in-
terest. The services of the laborer or soldier should be
esteemed as important and valuable to the Government as
the interest on accumulated labor or capital, particularly
the fictitious capital furnished by the banks. Give the peo-
ple tins legal currencj , with the privilege of determining
for themselves the amount of circulation necessary, and
thev will take care of themselves, and sustain the cieditof
the Government, and maintain the integrity of the Union.
Surely it is more safe to intrust the cuireney and finances
of the country in the hands and under the direction of
practical business men, than to allow a few inteiested
bankers, fmancieis, and Utopian economists to eontiol and
regulate them.
Your memorialists respectfully request you to authorize
and direct theTreasury Department to i-siie coupon bonds,
having thirty years to run, of the denommau n of @100,
$500, $1,000, and $*5,00ll each, bearing an interest of three
per cent., and to offer these bonds in the maiket ftotu time
to time,as the wants ot the Trcasur> tnry lequirc ; and if
they are not taken at par, then authoiize and direct the
issue of legal tender'i'reasury notes without interest, made
legally equal to com in all dome-tie transactions, m de-
nominations to meet all the wants of bu-Mnes^ interests,
receivable for all Government dues, (duties on impo>ts in-
cluded,) and convertible, at fhe option oi the Government,
into stock bearing tlnec per cent, interest, payable in lawful
money of the United States. When n greatei amount is put
in circulation than can be profitably used in legitimate bus-
iness, it will be exchanged/or stocks, or thev will be taken
at par. When this point Is readied, the amount then out
should be retained in circulation This will give to the coun-
try a currency of equal value in all parts ofthe Union, ami of
uniform volume at all times, relieving the btiMite-s interests
from the losses caused by the di-tuibanees in trade pio-
duced by bank panics, brought abouf by expansions and
contractions of the currency, or measures of valuer, which
have beietotoie proved a bane to all healthy pto-penty.
Tins will give to the whole people the right ot deteimin-
ing the amount of cuirency ncce<sa y to nan-act the busi-
ness of the couutiv, which, under the operation of the
piesem banking system, is dictated by a privileged duss of
bankers and financiers, who expand oi eontiact it at will,
as may best suit their own views and intei csts.
It will reduce the national tax below one hall of the
amount requned under the system now in operation,or any
one that has yet been pioposed, and lowei and resrulate the
rate of interest on capital mall busine-s enterpi ir«es. quicken
eveiy branch of productive nidu>try, and ie-ture permanent
national piosperity. High lates of interest on capital, or
deai money, haveseriouMy oppressed the producing classes,
and retarded the development of our natural iesources.
This will do no injustice to the real capitalist; it leaves to
him the entire field of legitimate enteipitse for the employ-
ment of ins means, ft will restore eommeicial relations
between all parts of the Union, and niteiest pecuniarily
every citizen in the preservation and pei petuity of the Gov-
ernment—a consideration paiamount to all others m the
present unhappy condition of the countiy.
The objection that this will become a depieciated cur-
rency is not well founded, for the value of gold, silver, and
paper, as well as eveiy species of pmpertv, is dependent
upon the stability of the Government It is law that makes
gold and silvei a legal currency: and when aTtea-ui\ note
is made a legal tender, it is just as good a circulating me-
dium, or measure of value, as gold, in all domestic trans-
actions. The legal tendei Treastny note that i.- now at
thirty per cent discount, is not legally equal to com, bp-
cause it is not icceivahle for duties on imports ot in payment
of interest on the public debt. The demand note i^ legally
equal to coin ; fhe consequence i-, it is worth nioie than
silver, and but very little below gold. It is ti ti". Tiea-ury
notes may not be current in out fore urn connnciee ; but
legitimate commerce i* the exchange ofthe pmdue;- ()i one
nation for those of anothei,and the" balance- ;v_Miu-t u- aic
usually very small, and theie will always be gold enough
to settle them. If Treasurj notes are made legal!\ equal
to com, gold will have to circulate on a pat with tin m, or
continue in hoaid. It cannot go abioad for inve-tmeni, for
no first class nation pays over three per cent on it-< securi-
ties, and investments w'ith Us will continue to be a  piofH-
ablc a« in any nation.
We will cheerfully accept this currency for our -erviees,
or anything we have that the Government mav want, and
we believe every loyal man In The nation will do ibc same.
We, therefore, respectfully but earnestly prote-t against
being taxed for the benefit of the cuireney mongers, who
aie ^coking to discredit the Govcrmm nt cuirency to make
room for their trash, or those who aie -ti Ivmg to dc-troy
the credit of the Government to extort exoibi'tant nites of
niteiest fiom the Government and people. And your me-
morialists will ever pray, &c.
Mr. PIKE. I wish the gentleman from Illinois
was as sound on questions of currency as he is
upon those oi polities. As f'ji as jNVw England
is concerned, and the old Plymouth Rock, all* I
have to say is, that those gentlemen who beat their
heads, large or small, against that old rock, will
find that there is more danger to their heads than
there is to the rock. [Laughter.] The  emleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] with his usual
readiness,adds there is no danger to their brains.
[Renewed laughter.]
1 want to say only one or two words upon this
question ot currency. The proposition now before
the House is for a forced loan from the people of
the United States of $300,000,000, in addition to
what has already been obtained in that way.
