1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is the whole of this provision; the whole sum and
substance of it. Any Senator who recollects the
discussion that occurred last year will know fully
the comparative cost, as then stated by myself,
between the presentsystern and the one proposed.
The Senator ftom Missouri takes exception to
the clausc requiring the superintendent to reside
on the reservation. At the present time the super-
intendents for the Indians, both for the northern
and southern districts of California, live in San
Francisco. They have an office there; the Gov-
ernment allows them a clerk, to whom the sum of
§1,800 a year is paid; they have office rent and
stationery and fuel, and everything that is neces-
sary to support the dignity of a position like that.
I say that ail that is an entirely useless expendi-
ture on the part of the Government. 1 repeat what
I said last year to the Senate, that there is no more
necessity for having the superintendent living in
San Francisco than in New Yoik city. It is his
duty and ins business, if he is the guardian of the
Indians, to reside on the reservation where the In-
dians are, where lie can exercise the authority
vested in him by virtue of his office in giving them
protection, piovidmg for their wants, and keeping
off trespassers on the part of the whites. I know
the idea was urged that they ouj;ht to live in S in
Francisco, because they could take advantage of
the markets there to buy ceitain ai tides of gro-
ceries, clothing, &c. Why, sir, that is a very
trifling expenditure. An agent upon the part of
the superintendent could do that; or he could him-
self go down twice a year, in the spring and in the
fall, and make all his purchases, the same as any
other well-regulated householder would do, have
Lis goods shipped to the leservation, and go back
i nd live among the Indians, and distribute then
supplies. Now, there is one unending system of
me&ponsibihty existing: throughout. The super-
intendent lives in San Francisco the iaiger part
of the year; has his office there; has his clei k there;
and occasionally goes out and visits the teserva-
tions that are undei the protection of supei visoi s,
to whom the Government is now paying *at the
rate of $1,800 a year each. All this is entirely
unnecessary; and the Government may i educe all
these expenditures about one third by adopting
the provisions of this amendment, if they see fit
to do it.
But, as I said before, the duty of proposing a
reduction of expenditures and a cui tailing of of-
fices is always one of the most unpleasant that
devolves on a public officer. 11 is a thankless task.
I know that I shall incur the odium of every su-
pervisor whose office is extinguished; but I have
felt it my duty, as my associates have, to call the
* attention of the Senate to this condition of affairs;
and then, if in these times the Senate is willing
that the public money .shall be used to keep up
useless, needh ss uffii.es, with all their employes
and attache^, the responsibility must he upon the
body, and not upon the representatives of the State
of Cahfoi nia.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. If the Senatoi had been
80 exceedingly anxious—no doubt he is; I give
him credit fur all he says about that—to curtail
useless offices, there has been an abundance of
time during this session to call up this bill, which
was substantially prepared at the last session,
and have it acted upon.
Mi. LATIIAM. The Senator will pardon mo.
I have been at the Department of the i nteiior three
or four times. This bill was not prepared until
about the time of its introduction, which was on
the 4th of this month.
* Mr. FESSENDEN. It was prepared on the
4th of this month. If there had been such great
necessity for it, if it had been a matter of so much
importance, why in the world wasit not prepared
long ago ? If the Senator has been at the Depart-
ment about H, and it is so vastly important to the
interests of the Government m California, why
has it been neglectcd to so late a day?
Mr. LATHAM. I can tell the Senator the rea-
son as far as 1 am concerned. It was because I
believed the Senate would pursue precisely the
course it did last session, nnd which met with the
approbation of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, by putting it on the annual ap-
propriation hi!!. He raised no objection to it then.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The plan itself, cui tailing
expenses, as I understood it on the statement of
the Senator from California, met with my appro-
bation. So far as that is concerned, a proposition
to cut down expenses, if offered alone, would be
appropriate to this bill; that is, cutting them down
so far as appropriations are made in this bill to
meet those expenses; but the proposition goes
very much further than that. It is an entirely new
system, a whole system, for the State of Califor-
nia. It involves the sale of land to a very large
extent. It involves, I believe, the purchase of
other land.
Mr. LATHAM. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN*. Very well, something
very like that. It involves the removal of the In-
dians, and a great many questions of that kind,
which need coinpleteand ample discussion. What
aie we asked to do? At this late day of the ses-
sion, within a very few days of its close, the bill
is brought up, with no previous notice, nobody
anticipating it, nobody understanding anything
about it except the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, for I doubt whether even the Committee
on Indian Affairs have given it very extensive
consideiation, and it is proposed to put it on an
appropriation bill, and under what circumstances?
The Senator says that this provision or some part
of it wenton the appiopriation bill last year. That
is tiue, and what was the result? The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means rejected it; the House
of Representatives rejected it; and we were com-
pelled to have a committee of conference, and it
was rejected by that committee in order to save
the bill itself. Now it comes to be put on an ap-
propriation bill again in the same way, and it will
unquestionably meet the same fate, oi at any rate
it is to be hoped it will, unless it can have more
consideration than it is likely to have heie. Look
at our condition. Here we are, late in the after -
noon, on an appi opt latum bill, and an emu e ik w
system in regard to the management of the In-
dians in California is Fought to be introduced in
this way. No stronger illustration could possibly
be given of the gross^mpropiiety of the practice.
That is what I object to. i ain not prepared to
say that the scheme itself is not a good one. 1
have great failh in my friend from California m
repaid to these matters, i have no doubt he is
sincerely desaous of doing good and reduemgex-
penses. 1 piesumelie will do me the same credit
But his a ppeal looks a lilt |e Itk'* a catch word, " if
Senators desire to vote against cm tail mg expenses
they will \ote against the amendment." If that
was nil I here was in it, the aigument might hold;
but theie is a vast deal more, a vast deal, too,
that we cannot possibly consider and undeistand
under these circumstances. On that ground I
maintain precisely the position which I assumed
m the first place, and I trust the Senate will sup-
poi t me in it.
All LATIIAM. One woid nmie. The Sen-
ntoi asks me why it has Iain so long. I do not
desire that it shall go on the recoid as from any
neglect of mine. This ^ame amendment in sub-
stance, as I stated before, at the instance of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs and
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, was
offered by me last session and put on the appro-
priation bill; and I presumed that was the proper
place to which it belonged, that was the place upon
which it would be put. Even on a conference I
had with my fiiend from Wisconsin, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr.
Doolitti.k,] we agreed that the same subject
would com*' up from his committee upon the ap-
propriation bill this year as it did last year; and
that was the reason why I did not call it up be-
fore. I did not regard it as a distinct and inde-
pendent mattei that ought to be considered before.
The Senator infers that because it was rejected
last year, necessai ily it must be rejected this year.
Such, however, let me say to the honorable Sen- '
atoi, will not be the case, because the same rea-
son which existed then does not exist now. The
Committee of Ways and Means disagreed to it
because the delegation disagreed to it; and the
delegation disagreed to it upon a question of de-
tails which have now been harmonized. I think
1 am violating no rule when I say that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were just as anxious
at that time as the Senator from Maine was, and
as he always is, to reduce expenses; but 11 was
over the question of details that the delegation
itself disagreed, and they having disagreed, the
Committee of Ways and Means thought it better
to strike it out. That is the whole history of it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. CiARKm
the chair.) The question recurs on the amend-
ment as amended, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. If this amendment is to be
adopted, I think it ought to be amended in what
is the second section of the old bill as reported,
in the eighth line, by inserting after the word
" tracts," the words " of not more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres, and in conformity with the
said survey." I move that amendment; and after
the word " outcry," in the same line, I move to
insert " to the highest bidder."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I shall vote against this
amendment, not because 1 am not satisfied that
the measure ought to pass, if it should come up
as a separate and independent measure, but I can-
not vote for it here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The reasoningof the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio and the honorable Sen-
ator ftom Maine is very good reasoning. If such
had only been the practice of the Senate in fact
upon its appropriation bills, and if the Senate
would adopt it as a rule, rigid and invariable, that
no legislation should go on an appropriation bill
but simply to appropiiate money due under ex«
isting laws and existing treaties, f, for one, would
be willing to stand by the rule, and. stand by it
under aft circumstances. But such has not been
the practice of the Senate nor its experience on
appropriation bills. Measures involving more
or less of legislation are incorporated into almost
every appropriation bill that passes this body;
and as to this very proposition, it was in su'b-
staiTce incorporated into the appropriation bill of
last year by the Senate, and fully discussed and
considered. Substantially it is the same propo-
sition, reducing all the restorations in northern
Call lb 1 nia into one, disposing of two or three, and
getting some settlers off from the third, and having
it surveyed. That is the sum and substance of
i he whole, aimed at reducing the expenses of the
Indian service in California.
1 shall not take up the time of the Senate in
relation to this matter; but I shall vote for the
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Doolittlo,Hauling,Harlan,Hani?.Hicks,
Kenned v, Lam: of Kansas Latham, Nesimth, Powell, Tur-
pie, Wall, Willcv. and Wilson of'Missouii—14.
NAYri—IVIcsbJj". Anthou\ , Arnold. Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Pessenden, Foot, Poster,
Grimes, IIowc, Mot 1 til. Pom'Toy, liter, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten L}ck, Wilkinson,'and Wrlsoir of Massachusetts—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, 1 desire to move another
amendment, and 1 hope it will not be subjcct to
the same objection by the honorable Senator from
Maine. It is to insert, as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized to dnpo^e of, at the best price they will
bring in the market, ,«2o.0Q0 ol" the bonds of the State of
Pennsylvania, purchased with the proceeds of the land of
the nuiied bauds of the Wens, the Peorias, the Kaskaskras,
and Pianke-haw Indian* «f Kansas, now in the custody of
the United States, belonging to said Indians, or so many
thereof as he may deem necessary, tor the purchase of such
clothing, food., beed-giain, agricultural implements, or do-
mestic animals, a-< uiai he necessary for the immediate re-
lief of said Indians and to enable them to plant a crop;
and appropriate the proceeds of tin* sale of said bomU.orso
much rh'-ieofas In? inaydeem nece^ary, for said purpose:
Prodded, That said -.ale shall be made after thr< e weeks'
public nonce in the Merchant-.' Exchange in the citv of
Philadelphia, to the highest bidder, and at not less than the
market puce of said bonds in the cities of New York and
Philadelphia: Pioi:idcd} That 110 special agent or agents
shall be employed.
From tepresentations made to the Department
of the Interior, it appears that these Indians are
in a suffering condition, and it is absolutely ne-
cessary that some money should be had for their
relief. They have not moneys coming due to
them as annuities or interest ftom year to year,
to supply their necessities, and it becomes neces-
sary, unless you permit them to starve, that you
take a portion of their funds, and the committee
have referred to the Pennsylvania bonds, and pro-
pose to dispose of a portion of those boiids for
their present necessities.
Mt. IIARLAN. These Indians are now the
owners of some three hundred thousand dollars
in southern State stocks, that yield no income
whatever. I think they run at five per cent, in-
terest. They have been receiving heretofore about
-fifteen thousand dollars annually as the proceeds
