THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senateacommunication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a communication of the 14ih
instant from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and a copy of a letter to him from C. C. Hutchin-
son, of the 7th instant; recommending that Con-
gress be requested to appropriate an additional
amountfortheOttawalndiansofBlanchard's Fork
and Roche de^Beeuf, for the fiscal years 18G3 and
1864; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of Cap-
tain John Mullen, of the United States Army,
praying to be relieved from all responsibility con-
cerning a forged certificate on the Navy Depart-
ment, which he took for property pertaining to
the Fort Walla-Walia and Fort Benton military
road expedition, sold at public auction at Walla-
Walla, August 19, 18G2; which was referred to
the Committee on Military AlFairs and the Mili-
tia.
He also presented the petition of Captain John
Mullen, of the United States Army, praying to be
relieved from all responsibility concerning a draft
drawn by him on the Assistant Treasurer m New
York, in favor of Lieutenant Robert Macfeely,
United States Army, for $39096, which was stolen
from the mail by John L. Cat r, in February, 18G0;
which was refern*d to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HA.R.D1NG presented the memorial of
Mary A. Baker, widow of flon.E. D. Baker, late
a Senator from the State of Oregon, praying for
an appropriation to her of $1,000 for expenses
incurred by her husband in raising his command
and the maintenance of his men, and entertain-
ment at his headquarters becoming to his rank and
station; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. COWAN. I present the memorial of Wil-
liam Cornell Je wett, praying for a reconsideration
of the indefinite postponement of his hue petition
referring to mediation, &«. I ask that it be re-
ferred to the appropriate committee, the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMiVER. Mr. President, Mr. Jewett
certainly is an irrepressible petitioner. It is only
the other day that a memoiial similar in purpose
was presented to the Senate, which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I was
directed by the committee after consideration of
it to report it back to the Senate with a lecom-
m 'ndation that it be indefinitely postponed. The
Senate acted promptly.4 the memorial was indefi-
nitely postponed. Under the circumstances, t here-
fore, I mo\e that the present tnemori.il lie upon
the table.
The motion was trgieed to; and the memorial
was ordered to lit.1 on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POME ROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the opinion of the
Court of Claims in the case of James Preston
Ber.k, administrator of Preston Beck, jr., de-
censed, submitted an adverse report theieon;
which was ouleted to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
B'lildm^H nnd Gioumh, to whom was referred a
petition of citizens of Washington city, Disttict
of Columbia, playing for a irrant to the Guardian
Society of the Distuetof Columbia, the use in
perpetuity of ten aeies of land on the noith side
of 13 street, south,and extending from Twelfth to
Foui teen ill stieet west, for the purposes of a house
of industry and a widows'ami orphans' home,
reported a bill (S. No. 4G6) gran!in<2; cei tain pi i v-
ileges to the Guardian Society of the District of
Columbia; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond read 1 us*.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was refened the bill (S. No. 458) to sus-
pend the sal" of hinds m the islands on the coast
of South Carolina and Georgia, in and about Port
Royal, reported it with an amendment in the form
of a substitute.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of James John-
son, of Philadelphia, praying for the allowance
of his claim under the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, for property taken possession of and de-
stroyed by the Mexicans, have had that matter
under consideration, and directed me to report that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.No.
437) to amend the act entitled "An act to amend
the act of the 3d of March, 1837, entitled ( An act
supplementary to the Set en titled "An act to amend
the judicial system of the United States," ,v re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committeeon Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Thomas Blanchard, praying for an
extension of his patent of a machine for bending
wood for a further term of fourteen years, reported
adversely thereon,and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Page, pray ing
for a renewal of his patent for a portable circular
saw-mill, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a message of the
Piesident of the United States as to the-expedi-
ency of extending to other Departments of the
Government the authority conferred on the Pres-
ident by the eighth section of the act of the 8th of
May, 1702, to appoint persons to temporarily dis-
charge the duties of certain offices, reported a bill
(S. No. 46d) temporarily to supply vacancies in
the Executive Departments in certain cases; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
JOHN li. MOTLEY.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claires, to
whom was referred House bill No. 359, appro-
priating $298 to pay Joh'11 B. Motley as acting
secretary of the Territory of Nebraska for a cer-
tain time, have directed me to report tite bill back
with a recommendation that it pass, and 1 ask for
its present consideration, as the sum is small and
there seems to be no doubt about it.
By uuammousconsentjthe bill (II. R. No, 359)
for the relief of John B. Motley was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, It proposes to
appropriate $298 87 to pay John B. Motley, of
Omaha City, Nebiaska Terntory, as compensa-
tion in full for his services as acting secretary of
that Temtory from March 23 to July 12, 1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third leading, read the third time, and passed.
.•JOHN CII\T>MSRAUGU.
Mr. LATXIAM. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was n feired the bill (S. No. 313) for the
telief of John Ciadlebauy;h , have directed me to
report it back and lecommend its passage; and as
1! is a subject to which the committee have given
a very thorough investigation, I ask for the pres-
ent consideiation of the bill. It is but for a small
amount.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as m Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
(luect the Secretaiy of theTreasui y to pay to John
Cradlebaugh, one of the justices of the supreme
court of the Territory of Utah, the sumof $1,105,
in full for the expenses of removing the records,
seal, papers, library, and other appurtenances of
the supreme court of the second judicial district
< of that Territory from Provo City to Genoa or
Carson City, 111 the year 1859.
The bill was repoited to the Senate,ordered to
beengiossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED*
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a biU (S. No. 4G7) to prevent and punish
fiuuds upon the Government of the United Slates;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military A {fans and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to intioduce a bill !
(S. No. 409) to provide for the organization of the
signal department of the United States Army;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affaiis and the Militia, j
PROTECTION OF OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
Mr. NESMITH. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill CS. No. 430)
to provide for the protection of overland emigrants
to the States and Temtones of the Pacific. The
bill was up a few days since, and laid over at the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope we shall be allowed to
get through the morning business. It will take
but a few moments longer.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed to.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF EMIGRATION.
Mr. FOSTER. I beg leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution, and if there be no objection I will
ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of malum? an appropriation
for tlie pui pone of encouraging emigration from Europe to
the United States.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to considei the resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. There are, as we know, Mr.
President, at the present time nearly a million
men in the United States now wmulrawn from
their usual peaceful and industrial pursuits and
engaged in the military seiviee of the United
States, in the defense of our national existence.
This creates of course a very great deficiency in
the various.walks of labor—agricultural, manu-
facturing, and mechanical, indeed, in every
branch of those pursuits there is a great want of
operatives. Fortunately for us, there are in Eu-
rope a very large number of persons, industrious
and frugal, who, if they could come to the United
States, would be a very great acquisition to us,
and would go far to supply the wants of labor
which must soon press upon us. It seems to me
that the importance of encouraging emigration
from Europe under these circumstances is a mat-
ter of national concern, and that we ought to take
some action upon it. The resolution is simply
one of inquiry, and the Committee on Finance
will undoubtedly have the wisdom to devise some
plan, if any plan be necessary, to encourage the
introduction of emigrants from Europe, where
they are without food and without employment,
into this country, where food is abundant and
woik waiting to be done.
The resolution was adopted.
MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to submit the following resolution, and ask its
consider;! rion now, if there be no objection:
Hr^olfcr). That the Seeietniy of Wat be, and lie hereby
i<, dueeted to inform the Semite if the limitation 111 the
third .section ot Hie act to authoiizc the Suite of Mivsouri
to rair-e ten thousand troops tor local d< tense, nppioved
IVbrtiaiy l.'l, 1S6-2, has been executed, and, if so, by whose
authority -ucli excels lias be< n allowed.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. At the last
session of Congress we passed an act authoi izmg
the State of Missouri to raise ten thousand volun-
teers for local pui poses. It is 1 eported that it has
been exceeded by many thousands, and at an
enormous expense. I introduce this resolution
for the purpose of ascertaining the fact as to
whether the limitation has been exceeded, and, if
so, by what authority.
The resolution was agreed to.
"WISCONSIN AND FOX RIVERS.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which w as considei cd by unannnous consent, and
agreed to:
Retired. That the Commirft <• on Miht.uy Affair*, be re-
quested to nujni1 c into and icpoit upon the piaetieahihty
and piolv.ble co-t and length of rune icquued for improv-
ing the navigation of the Wi-con-ui and i''o\ rivei?, in the
State of Wisconsin. m> a« to yive an umntertuptod naviga-
tion between the >Jlj-i^ippi nvor and Lake Michigan,for
vessel-? two hundred feet in length and timty-fonr feet
beam, and diau ing -ix f< et o! v\ .iter, and ho\y far mk-Ii nn-
ptovement would did 111 the de'en-.e, and upon the piopcr
location and piobable com of naval <tarion^'on .or ne.u the
uppei and lower lakes, and to repoi t-ueli other tact- they
may dc-in adv i-abie 101 the inhumation of the Senate touch-
ing Diie dcfeiisse ot the lakes.
CONSTRUCTION' OF IRON-CLAD VESSELS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be di
reefed to inqnne into the t-uflicii'iH \ of the con-aiuctionof
the hon-ciad ve-^eN eonMiucte'j and being constructed by
the Govern men t, both a- to hull and maehmeiy, and it' they
efive,th( eau-e iheieof; and ihaf -aid coimnittec
be dr
authorized to send, for persons and papers.
