1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
from those bonds. The bonds are now worthless
in the market; they yield nothing. They own
also $25,000 of Pennsylvania State stock. The
committee supposed it would be better under the
circumstances that surround us, to allow the Sec-
retary of the Interior to sell a part of their own
bonds, and thus provide for them for the coming
year, rather than to make an appropriation di-
rectly from theTreasury. This is the whole case.
If the Secretary is not authorized to sell these
bonds, and thus provide fortheirimmediate wants,
I suppose we shall be compelled to make an ap-
propriation of from fifteen to twenty thousand dol-
lars from the Treasury for their relief.
- Mr. RICE. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs if
this is not some what violative of the Indian treaties.
The treaties state that they shall rcceive interest
upon a certain sum annually. Now, if you by
legislation take a portion of the principal, at the
next session of Congress you will have to come
in with another bill,and reappropi iate this money
and place it back to the original fund.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 have the treaty with
these Indians before me, and if I can get the
attention of the Senator, 1 will read a clause
from it:
"Art. 4. After the afoiesald selections shall have been
made, the President -hall immediately catx^e the re-idue
of the ceded lands to be otfeicd for sale at public auction,
being governed in all respects in conducting such sale by
the laws of the United States for the sale of public lands,
•Hid such of said lands as may not be sold at public sale
shall be subject to pr.vate entiy at the minimum price of
United States lands for the term of three years; and should
any thereafter remain unsold, Congress may by law rcducc
the price from time to time, until the whole of sasd lauds
are disposed of, proper regaid b M g bad, m maktug the
reduction, to the interest of the Indians and to the settle-
ment of the country. And in consideration of the cessions
hereinbefore made, the United States agieo to pay to the
said Indians, as hereinafter piovided, all the moneys aris-
ing from the sales of said lands, after dednc ting tbeiefiom
the actual cost of surveying, managing, and selling the
same."
Under that-treaty the United States proceeded
to sell $300,000 worth of the lands belonging to
these tribes. They invested ail of the amount,
except $25,000, in the bonds of confederate States.
The interest of the $300,000 has heretofore been
paid to these Indians. Under existing circum-
stances there is no interest coming to them. We
therefore, to supply their present necessities, pio-
pose to sell the $25,000 of Pennsylvania bonds
that they have on hand.' 1 desire, fui thcr, to state
that these Indians live on the bonier, next to Mis-
souri, in Kansas, and by the difficulties on that
border they have .been ontiicly stripped. The
object of this appropriation is to feed and clothe
them and to enable them to raise a ci op this year.
There is another provision of the treaty that
authouz;es the President to invest certain portions
of this money in State bonds, which was done,
and that huj placed them in the situation which
I state.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the proviso,
which reads, " Provided, That no special agent
or agents shall be employed," by adding to it:
Nor shall any such sale be made until after the assent
and approval of said Indians lor the sale of their bomh
shail tiist be obtained tluough their rcgulaily authonzed
representatives.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The only objection
to the amendment proposed by the Senator fiom
Iowa is the delay. The sale provided for in the
amendment has been prayed for by the Indians;
their agent has been here and I believe is here
now praying for this sale.
Mr. GRIMES. Taking the statement of facts
that we have from my colleague and from the
Senator from Kansas, it is very evident that we
have not any power to sell these bonds unless we
first secure the assent of theindians. They have
informed the Senate that these bonds belong to
the Indians; we hold them in trust for their ben-
efit, and we have no right to dispose of them, if
it be that they really belong to them, until we
have first secured their assent and approval.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Well, I have no ob-
jection.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the same objection
still, that it is general legislation upon an inde-
pendent subject, and it is improper here. I sug-
gest to the Senator from Kansas whether there
can be any possible difficulty in getting it through
the other House if we pass it as an independent
bill. Nobody can have any objection to it on the
statement made, and I would vote for it as I un-
derstand it with pleasure as a separate and inde-
pendent proposition, but I must make the same
objection to it that I did to the others.
Mr. RICE. From the reading of the treaty, I
do not see that any legislation whatever is neces-
sary. It states that after defraying certain ex-
penses, the proceeds of the lands shall be paid to
the Indians. The Government had no right to
invest their money in bonds under the treaty.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is the clause
which I suppose gave that power:
" And as the amount of the annual receipts from the sales
of their lands cannot be ascertained, it is agreed that the
President may, lrom time to time, and upon consultation
withsaid Indians, determine bow much of the net pioceeds
of .said sales shall be paid them, and how much shall be in-
vented m safe and profitable stocks, the interest to be an-
nually paid to them, or expended for their benefit and im-
provement. "
Now, I ask the Senator from Maine whether it
is not evident that this comes within the rule 5
This money is to be paid to them rnnually by the
treaty. It is to save the Government, to save the
Treasury from taking the money from it, that the
amendment is proposed.
Mr. RICE. I did not read the clause of the
treaty which the Senator from Kansas has just
read; but upon that the original objection which
I raised now comes up. The treaty provides that
they shall be paid the interest annually. Then
how can we take the principal and pay it over to
them ?
Mr. COLLAMER. If we invest their money
in stocks, and they agree to let us sell them, we
can do so.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. That question does not
arise. As 1 understand the case, the great amount
of this money was invested in southern stocks
that have now become worthless, or, at any rate,
produce nothing, and therefore they have notthe
income which they otherwise would have, and
hence it becomes necessary that some provision
should be made for their support and for their re-
bel; and it is pi o posed that some part of the amount
winch is left to them shall be sold with their con-
sent, in order to afford them immediate relief, as
I understand.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not that; butin order
to enable tho Government to comply with its
treaty stipulation to pay the annual interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not comply
with it at all.
Mr. IIARLAN. The Senator from Maine has
the understanding, I think, that influenced the
Committee on Indian Affairs. It is to provide
immediate relief. At the last session it will be
remembered that Congress refused to assume the
payment of interest on the bonds that were yield-
ing no interest, and hence the necessity of pro-
viding relief to these Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the proposition stands
now, I think it is very {'air. it does not pay interest;
it takes the piincipal and sells it. It sinks so much
of the principal to meet their immediate necessi-
ties. That is the amendment, and therefore tlx?
moment thoy receive the proceeds of these bonds
they lose so much of the pi incipal, and there is no
more interest to be paid to them. To that extent
the principal is eaten up, gone. That may be very
necessary. I should think it was, and with their
consent it is very proper that it should be done;
but the question I put, agreeing to the propriety
of the measure, is whether there is any difficulty
in passing a bill of that sort through the House
of Representatives as an independent measure. It
commends itself at once to everybody's approval. ;
I should be very glad to have it done, but really \
I ennnot consent to have it go on this bill. !
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I answer the sugges- S
tion of the Senator from Maine. Here we have .
only five or six days'of the session left. The bill ;
now offered as an amendment has not yet passed i
the Senate, and I put it to him whether there is u
the slightest probability of its being reached m ;i
the House of Representatives. il
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can pass it in three jj
minutes. j!
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I state here, upon the
representation of the agent of these Indians, who
is m the city or has been within the last day or
two, and from my own knowledge, that they are
suffering for bread and clothing. I call the at-
tention of the Senator from Maine to the provis-
ion that has been affixed to the amendment by
the Senator from Iowa, that these bonds shall not
be sold until the tiibe consents to the sale. I hope
the strict rule will not be enforced in this case.
Here is a treaty stipulation requiring the Govern-
ment to pay the money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is an amendment
bearing on the disposition of the moneys appro-
priated for the benefit of some of the tribes that
are in hostility to the United States. The honor-
able Senator from Iowa has it, and I ask that it
be now offered.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs instruct me to offer this amendment as a
new section:
Jind he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized to expend such part
of the amount hcrctofoie appropuated to carry into cffect
any treaty stipulations with any tribe or tribes all or .any
portion of whom shall be in a state of actual hostility to
the Government of the United States, including the Cher-
okees, Creeks*, Chocta\v<, Chiekasaws, Seminole-', Wich-
ita*, and other affiliated tribes, as may be found necessary
to enable such individual members of said tribes as have
been driven troin their homes and reduced to want on ac-
count oft heir friendship to the United States to subsist until
they can be removed to their Homes, and to assist them in
such removal: Provided, That an account shall be kept of
the Mims so paid for the benefit of the said members of such
tribes, which account shall be rendered to Congress at the
commencement of the next session thereof; and all pur-
chases of articles tor the purposes above set forth shall be
of the lowest responsible bidder after sufficient public no-
tice by advertisement in appropi iate newspapers: Jlndpio-
tided, also, That the said Secretary shall not be required to
accept any bid which is in Ins judgment unreasonable ia
its character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if this applies to
the appropriations made in this bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It does not. It applies to
balances of appropriations heretofore made to
those tribes of Indians, members of which have
been driven from their homes, from the Indian
territory, into Kansas, and is in substance the
proposition that was adopted on the Indian appro-
priation bill last year for the relief of the same
Indians. On account of continued hostilities in
the Indian country, the Depaitment has been un-
able to remove them, as it expected to have been
able to do, during the past summer. It is hoped
that it will be able to remove them this year early
in the year. If it should not be able to do so,
however, it will be necessary to assist them to
some extent in supporting themselves.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. From the Committee
on Indian Affairs I propose the following amend-
ment:
To pay the loyal Wvandott Indians in full for all claims
asamstthe United States on account ol alleged depiecia-'
tion ofceitain State stocks paid to and received by thom
upon or about the 13th dav of May, 18o9, and on or about
the 24th day ot Match, lbGO, under piote&t, $9,886 90.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation of that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa investigated tins question.
Mi. HARLAN. I examined this question a
year ago as amemberof the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and a leport was made, which has been
printed, but I have not looked at it since, and can
only give the impressions now remaining on my
mind. If I remember tho case correctly, the treaty
provided that certain moneys belonging to these
Indians should beinvested in United States stocks
beaung an interest of not less than five per cent.
United States stocks were purchased with their
money, that matured in two or three years, or at
least in a very few years. The money of course
came into the hands of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, belonging to the Indians, and without ex-
press authority of law he proceeded to invest the
money in State stocks. When the time elapsed
which was stipulated in the treaty for the pay-
mentof the principal to the Indians, the Secretary
refused to pay them the money because at that
time the bonds were not convertible into money,
and he handed over to them the State stocks in
which he had invested their funds. They re 
ceived them under protest, and proceeded to sell
the stocks m the market, and, as they allege, suf-
fered great loss, amounting I think to over thirty
thousand dollars; but according to my estimate of
what they really did suffer in consequence of this
supposed violation of their interests, they lost be-
tween nine and ten thousand dollars. I think per-
haps the Senator has stated in his amendment the
