1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
U consider the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state that this ques-
tion is now before the Naval Committee, and has
assumed somewhat of an important aspect. The
(ommittee meets on Monday next, and they have
informally determined to inquire into this matter.
} desire to have the authotiiy of the Senate to
do what the committee have determined to do
themselves. Gentlemen may hesitate to come be-
fore the committee, as a matter of delicacy, upon
a mere invitation from them. I desire the author-
ity of the Senate to bring parties befoic the com-
mittee, to investigate the questions that are now
pending there. The Senator from Iowa is aware
that it is of importance to the public service.
However, I do not propose, to discuss it. I think
that these inquiries should be made.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I certainly
would not object to such a resolution as this if I
conceived any good could come from it. I under-
stand that this proposition is not to investigate
the question that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Browning] brought before the Senate yesterday.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Nothing more.
Mr. GRIMES. Then there is a misapprehen-
sion between the Senator from California and the
Senator from Illinois. The question which the
Senator from Illinois raised yesterday was as to
the efficiency of certain engines that were in the
0ssipeeo the Housatonic, and the Juniata, which
are wooden ships, and not iron-clad ships, to
which the resolution of the Senator from Califor-
nia only refers.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would prefer to include
those also.
Mr. GRIMES. They are not included in the
resolution as it now stands.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I will move to
amend it so as to include them.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated, yesterday, that the
question had been refened to a commission com-
posed of naval engineers and civil engineers, gen-
tlemen who are versed in the science of engineer-
ing. In that I was mistaken,and I desire to correct
the statement that I made then. Every fact in
connection with the question as to the efficiency
of those engines has been referred to a board of
nine, selected as among the most intelligent and
enlightened engineers 111 the country, outside of
the Navy entirely. These engineers are Mr.
William E. Everett, of New York; Mr. Myers
Corne'l, of New Yotk; Mr. Biomway, of New
York; .Mr. Charles W. Copeland, of New "Vork;
Mr. H. H. Eartoll, of Pennsylvania; Mr. Merrick,
of Pennsylvania; Mr. Harrison Lonng, of Bos-
ton. Mr. William C. Hibbert, of Boston; and
Mr. William Wright, of Hartford. When those
gentlemen act upon this matter, when they go per-
sonally and make an examination of the plans and
drawings, the models and the specifications, and
then go to the ships that are said to be defective
£n their construction, and examine them and see
of what material their engines are composed, and
what the character of the workmanship is, they
can give an intelligent answer; and if the vessels
are defective, they can fix the responsibility upon
the parties who have been really remiss in their
duties, but we never can doit. I confess, sir, that
I am utterly unable to do it. The wisest men in
that profession on this continent might come be-
fore me and testify, and they are eeitain to con-
flict—for I never knew half a dozen scientific
gentlemen who at all agreed in their opinions
they might come before me and testify, and 1^
should not know what judgment to come to. If
I were an expert in the business, if ihat had been
my specialty during my past life, if I had accus-
tomed myself to examine into such questions, 1
might come to some intelligent conclusion, and a
report, to which I might agree, might be worthy
of the confidence and respect of the Senate; but
I say in advance that so far as I am concerned,
I am utterly incompetent to decide that question.
Other members of the committee may be. I only
speak for myself. 1 think tjiat the Navy Depart-
ment has placed it where it ought to be, in the
hands of nine intelligent civil engineers entirely
outside of and disconnected with their own De-
partment, and by their judgment I am willing to
abide.
Now, in regard to these iron clads, here is a con-
troversy between certain gentlemen in the country
aw to the efficiency of this Monitor class of ves-
sels. I have my own preconceived opinions as
to their value. 1 am satisfied that they are valu-
able. I do not pretend to say but what there can
be improvements made upon them; that Mr. Erics-
son will improve them; that those who are acting
with him will continue to improve them; and those
who come after him will improve them; but 1 think
they are the best vessels we have now. If we
send for witnesses to come before the Naval Com-
mittee, they will have to hear both sides of that
question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask whether it has
not been agreed in committee to send for witnesses
on both sides of the question for the purpose of
investigation ?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how far I have
a light to speak as to what we have agreed to do
in committee. I do not know what the rule is on
that subject; but I understand that we have not
agreed to go into any such investigation as that.
Certain matters have been referred in executive
session to us, and we are going into an investiga-
tion of the facts that relate to and are connected
with those matters, but not as to the efficiency or
the deficiencies of ships or engines. I cannot
give a very clear answer to that question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This inquiry is made as
to the cause of those defects, if they exist, and to
whom they are to be attributed, the gentleman
understands.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, that is the very ques-
tion. That is the gist of the matter. Can the
Naval Committee determine, from the testimony
that may be given to them, who is to blame?
Are we as competent as a commission, composed
of nineintelligrnt engineers,entirely disconnected
with the naval service, to settle that question?
They are'msti ucted to meet within the next five
days, on the 2Jst instant, Monday next, in the
city of Philadelphia, and they are instructed to ex-
amine specifically into everything connected with
all the engines in the service of the United States.
I would prefer having the judgment of those men,
who are scientific men, experts in their profes-
sion, than to have any opinions that may be given
before us by interested parties whom we may sum-
mon before us.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there are
important offices charged upon the Senate. It is
known to the Senate that the heads of the bureaus
having chatge of this business have not, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, yet
been created. They are two of the most import-
ant offices in the Government, having charge wf
the establishment of a great navy at a time when
many new inventions and improvements are being
introduced, and upon their skill and judgment will
depend our success. It is the business of this
Senate to see that those departments are propeily
otganized. The subject will have to be inquired
into. In the course' of time it will have to be ex-
amined before the proper committee, in the regu-
lar course of business in the Senate. Whether
our vessels have been well constructed or ill con-
structed, will depend on how the heads of those
bureaus have discharged their pauicular offices,
so f.iras they have to do with the construction both
of the hulls of vessels and then machinery, lam
advised—and I say to the Senate I believe—that
vessels have be< n placed m the way of construc-
tion, if not completed, that will no? float upon salt
water. I have been informed upon good author-
ity, in my judgment, and I believe, that, plans and
specifications 1'ave been prepared under the diree-
I lion of one of the bureaus having charge of this
I business, for the machinery of those vessels, that
j could not woik, and could not be made to uotk.
I These are matters to be inquired i nto, and should
I be inquired into,befor< we proceed to do the most
! important business there is before tins Senate at
i the present time. Ifwo are to act intelligently, we
' should have facilities for doing so. I understand
1 that to be our business. When a question of con-
firmation comes befoie this Senate, I do not sup-
pose it to be our business simply to vote " ay
or u no," but to be able to advise whether con-
firmation should be had or not; that is, we ate
part of the nominating power. It is uf the first
importance, in starting a gieat navy, that these
things should be well understood. Now, 1 allege
nothing myself; but I say J am, i think, will
advised that it is susceptible of proof, and thatthe
committee aftd the Senate may be infoYmfed, if fte*
cessary, that vessels have been faulty in machin-
ery on account of thedmwings for the flvachfriery^
owing to the want of skill m the draughtsmanr,
that vessels have been planned entirely defecil^,
so far as their hulls are* concerned.- ' - •" *
Mr. GRIMES. What vessel? - - -
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say I have been in-
formed that such is the case. I have not named
any.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought you named them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been informedthat
vessels have been so constructed, and I am in-
formed that it is susceptible of mathematical proof,
wherein probably the gentleman's own mathe-
matics will not fail him. I do not propose that
any investigations with regard to whether these
things be true or not shall be ex parte investiga-
tions, but that they shall be%investigated by par-
ties representing all opinions. If this is not a sub-
ject worthy the investigation of the Senate, then let
the Senate refuse the authority \ ask for the com-
mittee, or the direction that 1 ask shall be given
to it.
Mr. HALE. I have not a word to say about
this subject except to remark that we have only
between thirty-five and forty working days left of
thissession ,and if the Committee on Naval Affairs
were to sit every day and devote to it every hour
of tta session, they could not understand, satis-
factorily, and dispose of the business now pend-
ing before them.
Mr. GRIMES. That is true.
Mr. HALE. The business that is now pending
before the committee will occupy all its lime, and
in this I am confirmed by my colleague on the
committee, the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]
who understands it vastly better than any othe*
man. I hope there will be no additional burdens «
of this sort placed on the committee, unless they
are absolutely necessaiy; and inasmuch as thesft
engineers can do it, I think we had better leave i*.
wiih-them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, allow m*
to say that it is a duty devolving on the commit
tee by the organization of the Senate; and whether
Senators are disposed to avoid a responsibility
laid upon them or not, is for them to determine.
It is a duty devolved on the committee, and de-
volved on the Senate, to become informed in re-
gaid to this matter. I know of no more import-
ant business before the Senate, and I ti ust th>«t an
investigation will be had. It will not take 'such
a length of time as the gentleman suggests, rhe
investigation that is required to be had can be done
in a single session or two sessions of the com-
mittee. The investigation has been undertaken
by the committee already. It is business assigned
for a pai ticular day. ....
AM that I propose by this resolution is that it
be done authoritatively, and that there may be
the power to send for witnesses, not merely to
have a member of the committee or the chairman
of the committee requesting their attendance, but
that it may be authorized to send tor parties, so
that they will have no delicacy in coming before
the committee.
The question being put on the passage of ihg
resolution, there wore—ayes fourteen.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Browning, Cowan, Davis?, Harding,
Hairis. IJender*on. Lane of Indiana, Lime of Kansas,
Latham. MeDongall, Nesmith, Pomerov, Powell, Rice,
tfiiei man, VViiloy, Wilson of Mu>>nuri, and Wright—18.
>?AYS—•Mca^is. Anthonv, Arnold, Garble, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, FcsmmhIcii. Fo-tyr, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Kiiiff.MoniH, Sumner, Ten Byek, Trumbull, Wade, and
WiUou of Massachusetts—18.
So the resolution was rejected.
EXCLUSION OF PAPERS FROM MAII-S.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the Senate to take up
absolution which 1 submitted yesterday.
; mere resolution of inquiry, and m a moment I wili
■ state the reason tor it, A notice has appeared in
; a paper, the editor and partownerof which is also
a jmMrnaster, staling that instructions of the effect
of those referred to in the resolution have beeis
; sent to him, and that he lias notified other post-
1 masters of them. I think that is unusual. My
i impression is that any regulation of the Post
