1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
exact amount which I supposed they had lost by
this transfer of their funds frora United States
stocks to State stocks. This is the whole case.
Mr. RICE. I ask the Senator from Iowa if at
the time these stocks were delivered to the Indians
they were not at par.
Mr. HARLAN. I think they were not. I made
application to the Secretary of the Interior for
evidence of the value of the State stocks in the
market at the time they were deliveied to the In-
dians, and I made my estimate on that statement
sent to the committee by the Secretary o the In-
terior. The Indians sold the bonds for something
less than their reported current value, and con-
sequently they claimed, I think, something; over
$30,000, but the estimate was made and indorsed
by the committee on the actual reported value of
the stocks in the market at the time the bonds were
delivered to the Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very clear that no-
body understands anything about this matter but
the Senator from Iowa, and he speaks from recol-
lection. He says if his recollection serves him
right the case is so and so. I ask the Senate if it
is safe to legislate in that way. It shows the dan-
ger of this kind of legislation. It is not a prop-
osition brought up in its turn and examined and
explained, but a Senator offers it as an amend-
ment, and appeals to another Senator to explain
it because he cannot, and the Senator who explains
it says that if his recollection serves him it is so
and so, but he cannot tell exactly how it is; and
yet we are called upon to put it upon an appro-
priation bill. If that is not voting away the pub-
lic money in a most ridiculous manner, I should
like to know what it is.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did not call on the
Senator from Iowa for the reason given by the
Senator from Maine. I am conversant with this
subject; I have canvassed it; and I honestly be-
lieve, as I have reported to the commi' tee, that the
Wyandott Indians are entitled to $34,000. This
amount is due under a solemn treaty entered into
by the United States. The United States were to
pay to the Indians a certain sum of money, which
they failed to do. Last year the Indians utteily
refused to take this amount; but on account of
their sufferings and their condition, they have
come forward now and signified their willingness
to accept this pittance in stead of the $34,000. They
are entitled to $34,000 if you take the amount they
actually realized for the bonds. They sold the
bonds for a sufficient amount below the face to
make the sum of $,34,000. The Senator from Iowa
satisfied the committee thattheGovernmentshould
not pay the difference between the amount they
received for the bonds and the amount the Gov-
ernment owed them. The committee agreed to
accc pt the report of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. IUCE. I must confess that I do not iin-
detstand this case. If there is $30,000 due these
Indians they ought to have it; but the Senate
should know, and I desire to know, at what time
these bonds were paid them, and what bonds they
were, of what particular States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They were Tennes-
see bonds.
Mr. RICE. And I should like to know what
hands those bonds passed through before they got
into market. I should like to know what use was
made of them. If this matter was investigated a
year ago, why was it not brought up at the last
session of Congress? Why has it passed over
one session and been brought up at the present
time? I do not understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. A bill was reported with an
amendment, reducing the amount to $9,000, and
the agent of the tribe, who was here at the time,
was offended and left. He said that if he could
not get all that he claimed was due the tribe, he
would take nothing, but would trust to a future
Congress.
Mr. RICE. I thank the Senator for that ex-
planation. Will not the same thing occur again?
If we give them the §9,000, will they not be here
at the next session for $20,000 more ? I think if
we are going to settle this question, it had better
be settled finally.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment says this
shall be in full payment.
Mr. RICE. That makes no difference. They
will take that under protest as they did ths bonds.
It will make no difference.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am authorized by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move to strike out
of this bill on pages 32 and 33, all between lines
seven hundred and sixty and seven hundred and
eighty-four inclusive, being all the appropriations
for the " Sioux of Mississippi," and to insert:
To enable tlie President of tile United States to cause
the Sioux of the Mississippi to bo removed beyond the limits
of anv Wtato and tor establishing them lit their new homes,
®50.0t3 CG; the same being m amount rquni to one third
of tlie whole sum hcretofoie stipulated to bo paid 111 the sev-
eral treat •-< heietofore existing between the said Indians
and tlie United rftales, but which treaties have been abro-
gated in consequence of the war of said Indians against the
people of tlie United States.
For the purpose ot maintainiii™ the said Indians in ihen
new home anil subsist! ti!.' 1 hem. and ninkiiigsuch piovisious
as will enable them to suppoit themselves by agricultural
pmsuits, tiie President is authorized to use and expend one
thud of the umwpemlei! balance now leinaimn^ in the
Treasuiv, which has lierelofoie been appropriated for the
bpiielit of thesaui Indians, 111 such niaunei as lie shall deem
expedient and best calculated to promote the interests ol
the said Indian.! : J'tovided, That no pait of said sum shall
be paid to tile said luduuis nl money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I propose this amendment
to come in at the end of line eight hundred and
twenty-live, after the appropriations for the Win-
nebagoes:
And the sum of $50,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated, out of any money m th e
Tieusuiy not otherwise appiopriiited, to enable the Presi-
dent of I he United Slates to arrange for and effect the peace-
ful and quiet lemoval of said Indians to some suitable lo-
cation outside ot tile limits of anv State, Hie said sum to be
taken ftom and charged to the said fund ol $1,100,000 held
by the United States for said Indians under the afoiesaid
treaty of the 1st of November, IBS", ami that the amount
so apprnpuated shall be lcplaced fioin the proceeds of the
sab's of the finds belonging to said Indians which the Gov-
ernment may he authorized to sellhy virtue of existing tiea-
ties with said Indians, and by act of Cougicss.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should lilie to have an
explanation of that.
Mr. WILKINSON. A bill has passed both
Houses of Congresa providing for tlie removal ot
the Winnebago Indians. It was originally re-
ported hero with an appropriation to bo taken out
of their money; they have over one million dol-
lars; but as it was late in the session we concluded
not to insert the appropriation in ihc bill provid-
ing far the removal of the Indians, and leU it out
of the bill for the purpose of offering it here on
the appropriation bill. That is the leafson of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this amount forfeited?
Mr. WILKINSON. U js not forfeited; but
they have a fund of over a million dollars. At
the last session of Congress by joint resolution
we appropriated ^50,000, to be expended on their
present reservation. Tlie Indian outbreak, which
took place in Minnesota shortly atter the adjourn-
mentof Congress, prevented the Department from
expending that money, and it has not been ex-
1 pended,and lemains now in theTreasuiy for that
       * 1 . « Z"1'... i < vi in i i il iin.< v\ rt f 1 11' A1 Of f A
purpose; the Government does not propose
expend it. At this session we have passed abiil
providing for the peaceful removal of these In-
dians; and this $50,000 is to be taken from the
fund which belongs to the Indians, provided peace-
ful arrangements can be made by the President
with the Indians, as contemplated in the removal
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the payment of Messrs. A. II. Jones and N. M. C.
Blown, coimaetors for the sutveymg of certain boundary
linos, under their eonti aet of tlie 13th of October, 1857, with
the Indian depaitment, being a balance found due as a part
of their compensation lorsen ices rendered under theireon-
tiact, estimated by tlie Secretary of the Interior, §2,459 90.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Doesthatcome from any
committee
Mr. MORRILL. I will state in a word what it
is. It is recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior. The United States had treaty stipula-
tions in 1855 with the Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indians, to run certain boundary lines. Those men
were appointed to perform thatservice. They did
perform it. The statement of the Secretary of the
Interior is to that effect. A contract was made
with the Indian depaitment in 1857; the services
were rendered, and this balance is found to be due,
and certified to be duo by the Secretary of the In-
terior, as a balance of compensation for services
rendered under that treaty stipulation. 1 suppose,
therefore, it falls within the rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think it is evidently a
private claim from the statement.
Mr. MORRILL. I supposed it might fall with-
in this branch of the rule, "or in pursuance of an
estimate from the head of some Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not save a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. MORRILL. "No amendment shall be re-
ceived whose object is to provide for a private
claim, unless it be to carry out the stipulations of
an existing law or treaty stipulation." Does this
not fall clearly within the last clause "a treaty stip-
ulation r" It is to fulfill a treaty stipulation with
the Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the point of order.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator will state his point of
Mr. FESSENDEN. The point of order is that
it is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it is a pi ivate claim.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like before that
decision is made to make an explanation. As the
Senator fi<bm Maine has stated, this is an ase<?f-
taincd balance due the parties named in the amend-
ment he has offered, for services rendered in run-
ning a boundary line in pursuance of a contract
with the Indian department, made on the 13th day
of October, 1857—-a written contract. The treaty
under which this contract was made, and by which
the Government of the United States bound them-
selves to run that line, was entered into on tlie22d
1 of June, 1855, with the Chickasaws, Choctaws,
and some other tribes in the South. It goes on
and designates the boundaries; and article nine-
teen of the treaty says:
" The United States shall, as soon as practicable causc
the eastei a and western boundary lines of the tract of coun-
try described ill tile first article of this convention, and the
western boundary of the Chickasaw district, as herein de-
fined, to be run and permanently nuuked."
That is the nineteenth article of the treaty of June
22,1855. These parties, by written contractentered
into, as before stated, on the 13th ofOctober, 1857(
agreed to run that boundary. There was a defi-
ciency in the appropriation. When the matter
came to be presented to the Treasury Department,
it was ascertained that there were $699 87 appli-
cable to the payment of the claim for running
this boundary line. I have a statement of the
Ticasury Department in reference to it, jind it
shows that the amount is actually due, as stated
not only by the Treasury Department, but by
the late Secietary ofthe Interior, Mr. Smith. It
is provided for by treaty, and I apprehend comes
within tins rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I happen to ltnow some-
thing about this claim, as I read thp papers con-
nected with it, and it strikes me that it is decidedly
a private claim, excluded by the rule. A dispute
arose between the Secretary of the Interior anu
these contiactors as to the true construction of the
contract; it was with regard to the pay of some
officer connected with the concern; I donotknow
what his designation was exactly. If I recollect
ari"ht they contended that the United States 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine will paidon the Chair. The point of
order should be decided without debate; and the
Chair will state that he has knowledge of the mat-
ter, and can say to the Senate that the claim could
not have arisen without a contract. It docs not
arise under the law or under the treaty, but untfrer a
contract. He therefore decides that the point of
order is well taken, and the amendment cannot be
received.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TEN EYCIv I ask for a separate vote on
the amendment appropriating $20,000 for the In-
I dian service in Utah for the present fiscal year.
II Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask for a separate vote
on the amendment providing for the removal ofthe
Indians in Kansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments, to which no
exception has been taken.
li The amendments were concurred in.
ij The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ex-
cepted amendment in order is to insert:
For clothing, food, and other necessary expenses of the
Indian service in Utah Territory, to be expended under
the direction of the superintendent, for the year ending
June 30, 1863, £20,000.
