1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. TEN EYCK. I understood the Senator
from Oregon, who advocated this amendment, to
say that it was on account of the peculiar condi-
tion of these Indians; that owing to the nature of
the country inhabited by them there was but very
little subsistence for them to obtain there,and they
became exceedingly reduced during the winter,
and it was necessary that they should have sup-
plies furnished to them in the spring. He said
that was the trying period with them to preserve
them from starvation. The amendment provides
for an appropriation of $20,000, during the pres-
ent fiscal year, to end on the30th June, 1863, and
we are here now on the 25th day of Febsuary,
1863. Twenty thousand dollars expended in
goods or in merchandise, for the use of these In-
dians, cannot reach them duiing the present spring
orsummer. 1 understand that these goods are pur-
chased and shipped from St. Louis, or some city
on the frontier, and sent by wagon trains. Now,
I apprehend that an appropriation of $20,000,
for the relief of these Indians during this present
year, can be of no avail whatever, so far as relief
to the Indians is concerned. It strikes me that
thetc is something in this objection. If the ap-
propriation is to be confined to the present year,
it cannot be of benefit to the Indians; it may be
of benefit to somebody else.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, J ask for the yeas and
nays. The honorable Senator from New Jersey
was not in when this subject was discussed. j
Mr. TEN EYCK. I beg pardon; I am almost
always here.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davi-s, Dixon,Doo!ittlr\ Foot, Maiding,
Ilailan, Hams, Howard, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana. Lane
of Kau^a^, Latham, Ne-mith, Pomemy, Powell, Ricbaid-
5on, S^auhbury, Sumner, Tiumbull, Turpie, Wilkinson,
Wilson of .Ma- <aehtwtts, and Wi^on ot' iMihMiun— *23.
NAYS—Mtj-sis. Autlion) j Arnold, Chandler, CI.uk, Cow-
an, I'V-:-fM!il<'n, FnsUM.Gniao^ How1, Moirdl, Rice, Sher-
man, 'JVn Lyek, and \Villey~L]
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RICE. I wish to suggest o veibn! altera-
tion to the amendment just adopted, it says the
money ih to be expended under the direction of
the superintendent. That is deviating from our
usual legislation. It should be " under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, That modifica-
tion can "be made by unanimous consent. The
Chair heais no objection. The next excepted
amendment will be read.
The Secretary iead it, as follows:
Src. —. -i?> d he it further emitted. Tint 'he rie^ident of
the Lmted titan's be. and Miviebv. autliori/.',d toenter into
treaties with the t-eveial ti ibes of I nd ian>, ic-p^etivelv, now
residing in the State of piovidiii^ i"i the extinction
of their titles to laiuL held in common witliin t.iid .State, and
lor the reiwu.il of such Indian-, of -aid tubo hold their
lands in common, to Miltablo localities rhewlifte within
the I'Mi'i(oii.iI Jiiuii- of the United States and onttidc the
limits of any .Stale.
Sec. —. he i/ futthcr enaded, That the Pioidentol
the United Stat< s b<\ and i- hcu-h}, .unhoused to enter into
negotiations, by treaty ot othei wist , with -ueh loyal ti d>c«?,
or tin- loyal poitiont of Mich tril>e>, now residing m the
countiy <-outli of Kiujm* and we.-t of Aikan-a>, commonly
known a-s the " riuliau countiy," a-^ may be ncee^aiy in
Older to k our** for the Indian1- of Kansas who &ImII be re-
moved to said Indian countiy unrtet the piovistons of the
picccdmg *5Uctjon ot tin-, act, the title to the land* to wlneh
they may be unnoved.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, 1 now renew in the Senate
the amendment which I moved in committee,
making an appi opriation for seed-grain and pro-
visions furnished to the Stockbi idge Indians by
Agent M. M. Davis.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that that amendment was ruled out of
older when presented in committee. Is that the
one to winch the Senatoi refers?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. I renew the offer
in the Senate. At the time it was ruled out of
order, I preferred not to insist upon a division,
lor fear it would break upa quorum. I desiie to
take the sens" of the Senate upon it, for I do not
look upon it :e3 n privato ahum.
The Secretary r«.ad the amendment, as follows :
To enable the Seeietaiy of the Intenor to paj for provis-
ions and seed giain actually supplied to the Indians m his
agency by M. AI. Jiavis. in Wisconsin, the sum of§!)94.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state the facts if
the question of order is raised. If it is not raised
now, I hope the amendment will be adopted with-
out debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise the same question j
of order. j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the same question of |
order is raised, I will state the facts. This agent j
having1 charge of these Indians went upon their
reservation in 18G2, last spring a year ago. lie
finds them in a condition where they are to starve,
leave the reservation, become vagabonds, and
have no seed whatever to put in for their crops
for this last year. He purchases provisions and
seed-grain to the amount of $994, and this appro-
priation is asked to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay that sum of money for seed-grain
and provisions actually furnished to these In-
dians.
Mr.GRIMES. Had he any authority of law
to do it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There was no appropria-
tion made. You cannotsay that there was a direct,
explicit authority of law, but he was the agent m
charge of the Indians.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I appeal to the Senator
himself to decide whether it is not a private claim
The man had tio authority to make the purchase;
but he did make it* and now he wants us to pay
him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not regard it as a
private claim within the meaning of the rule. He
was a public officer charged with the Indians. He
acted in his capacity as such; he purchased this
grain to give to these Indians to prevent them
from starvation, and from scattering from the res-
ervations, and this is the sum recommended by
the Department. I have stated the whole case,
and will take the sense of the Senate on the ques-
tion whether it is or is not in order as a private
claim. I will not take up time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator desire to have that point of order submitted
to the Senate r
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; unless the Chair
decides m my favor.
T11e PR ES f D UV G 0 FFIC E R. The Chair has
no doubt in deciding against the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then! ask that, the sense
of the Senate be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin desires the sense of the Senate to
be taken on this question. It may be taken by an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I will put it in the
form of an appeal fiom the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is not in order. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed. I ts title was amend-
ed on motion of Mr. Fessenden by adding the
words 11 and for other purposes."
COOKING tfOJt THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
a message be sent to the House of Representa-
tives, asking for the return of the bill (S. No. 556)
to piomote the health, comfort, and efficiency of
the aimies of the United States, which we passed
this morning. A mistake has been made in en-
grossing the bill. The lust section of the bill was
stricken out on motion of the Senator from Maine;
but it has gone to the other House with that sec-
tion in- it by a mistake of the engrossing clerk. I
wish to have it sent for, that that mistake may be
coriected.
The motion was agreed to. *
AD-MISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 523, to enable the people of Colorado
to form a constitution and State government, and
f«>r their admission into the Union.
The motion was not agreed to.
COMMANDER UUNTEJl's COURT-MARTIAL.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the President of th^ United State-* bo, and
he hereby is, roqueted to communicate to the .Senate the
pioceedihst. in the case ot the court-martial recently held
upon Commander Charles? Hunter, ot tile United States
Navy, if i  his judgment not inconsistent with the public
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 501) for the survey and sale of cer-
tain Indian reservations in California, and to pro-
vide for establishing certain otherlndian reserva-
tions in the same State, reported it with amend-
ments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 568) to
authorize the Covington and Cincinnati Bridge
Company to build a bridge over the Ohio river at
a height not under one hundred feet above low-
water mark; which was iead twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 5C9) to
secure the right of trial by jury in cases of land
claims in California; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 580) to
provide for the payment of officers and soldiers
who have rendered actual military service for the
United States without being regularly enrolled;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on M ihtary Affairs and the Militia.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time being
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 25, I8G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Piayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton*.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of bill of the Senate
(No. 511) for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor.
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned
a point of order was pending. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Olin] was recognized by
the Chair. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] raised the point of order that the gen-
tleman fiom New York was not entitled to the
floor, he having spoken once on this bill. The
Chair will have the lule upon that subject read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
No member -ball speak more than once to the saim-* ques-
tion, without leave ot the House, unless he he the mover,
proposer, or intioducer of the matter pending, in which
case he tdmll be pcunitted to speak in reply, but not until
eveiy member choosing to speak shall have spoken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York having already spoken, and not being the
mover or introducer of the proposition, cannot
speak again without the leave of the House. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Tiiomas] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. No, sir; I
cannot yield for any purpose. 1 have but twenty
minutes.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege. I
desire to make a little correction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has again and
again decided that newspaper statements do not
constitute questions of privilege.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
sought the floor at the time the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Olin] did, and uiised upon him
the point of order which has been disposed of by
the Chair, and I think, therefore, 1 am entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. Th" Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana as claiming the
floor, but only as raising the question of order,
If the gentleman raised it desiring to speak him-
self, he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the gentle-
