850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Office Department which is necessary to be com-
municated to the various postmasters throughout
the country is communicated directly from the
Department, and not indirectly through anysub-
ordinatepostmaster. I think it is due to the Post-
master General that he should have an opportu-
nity to answer the resolution. I ask, therefore,
that it be taken up. It was introduced yester-
day and objected to by some Senator who, I pre-
sume, did not hear it read. It is merely to inquire
whether such instructions have been given and
communicated in the way I have stated. I move
to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Po'stma^ter General Inform "the Sen-
ate it there have been sent from his Department instruc-
tions to any of the deputy postmasters, many State, to the
effoct that the recent ordei of the Post Office Department,
allowing to certain papers the puvilege of passing through
the mait«, or ik restoring ccrtain papers to the privileges of
the mails, does not apply to those excluded by military au-
thority," and If so, by what law any military commander
or authority is authorized to exclude any matter heretofore
transmitted through the mails from them; and by what law
said order from Ins Department was issued; and that lie
also Ini nisi) copies of any such instructions, with the names
of the persons to whom they were sent.
The resolution was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker lmd signed the following enrolled* joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A joint resolution (H R. No. 133) to provide
for the immediate payment of the Army and Navy
of the United States.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it he to
meet on Monday next
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HENDERSON". Mr. President, I rysefor
the purpose of asking the favor of the Senate to
take up for consideration House bill No. 634.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A t one
o'clock will come up in regular order another bill,
which I am anxious to pass to-day, and which,
1 .think, will take but a few minutes. At one
o'clock the bill to authorize the consolidation of
regiments and companies will comc up. I think
it is a veiy important bill, and we can pass it in
a very few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chaii.) Does the Senator from Missouri with-
draw Ins motion ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not understand the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I moved
yesterday to take up a bill which I am very anx-
ious to have passed to-day. I think it will take
but a few minutes. At one o'clock it comes up
in the regular oider of business. If I understand
the Senator's motion, it will postpone that bill. I
do not like to do that.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire, Mr. President,
if anything is done with the measure winch I pro-
pose now to take up, that it shall be done imme-
diately. In fact, it will be almost to no purpose
whatever, unless it is done promptly. Whatever
is done must be done in the course of a very short
time, as our Legislature in Missouri, in all pioba-
bility, will not be in session a great while; and if
this bill shali pass this body it will have to undergo
discussion in the other House, and I am exceed-
ingly anxious that it should be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one has arrived, and the unfinished business of
yesterday comes before the Senate, being Senate
bill No. 462, providing for the consolidation or
regiments and companies.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If there is
any opposition to that bill, and it leads to any de-
bate, I will £ive way to the Senator. I do not want
to stand in his way, but it seems to me we can pass
the bill in a few moments.
Mr. HENDERSON With that understand-
ing- I yield
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am desirous to finish
the deficiency bill before any other business is
taken up; it was postponed until to-day to be fin-
ished, and it is very important to close it to-day.
It will take- but a few moments. If there is no
motion pending, I move to take up for consider-
ation House bill No. 617.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate,
unless a motion is made to postpone it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone that
for the purpose of taking up House bill No. 617.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
617) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1863.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following amend-
ment:
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for paper
for the public printing, §*283,000.
To supply the deficiency m the appropriation for the pub-
lic printing, $50,000.
This is a pretty large deficiency, Mr. President,
but it has been rendered necessary by two causes:
first, by tho enormous increase in the price of
paper, which is more than one hundred percent.;
and secondly, by the very great increase in the
amount of public printing. The Internal Reve-
nue Bureau, and the Warand Navy Departments
have called for an immense amount of printing; the
Adjutant General's office, which in former times
hardly requiied any, now requires at least a mil-
lion blanks a month; fiequcntly it sends a single
order for half a million blanks. The Committee
on Printing have examined the state of the case,
with the advice of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and think that the appropriation now
proposed will no more than cover the deficiency
unless there should be a reduction in the price of
paper, in which case the money will not all be
called for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move an amend-
ment to come in immediately after the thirteenth
line on the 1st page:
For salary of the marshal of the United Slates consular
court at Canton, from the 22d ot February, 1858, to the
30th of Augn-t, 1860, $2,520.
I have the papers here showing 
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much is it?
Mr. SUMNER. At the rate of $1,000a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the whole amount?
Mr. SUMNER. Twenty-five hundred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not in the letter
I saw.
Mr. SUMNER. The letter does not relate to
the previous years. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator ftom Maine to the two precedents
on the subject which I have followed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I conceive it to be my
duty to object to a part of this appropriation,
though not to the whole of it. The claim arises
in two ways, and I will state what my difficulty
is precisely. There are two portions of the claim.
This gentleman discharged the duties, as I under-
stand, of marshal at Canton, for a certain period
previous to the passage of the act which created
the office. He afterwards continued to discharge
the duties of marshal. Accidentally, for a certain
period after he was regularly appointed, no ap-
propriation was made; and it is proper that that
should be made up m a deficiency bill. The other
portion of the appropriation, to pay him when he
discharged the duties before he was appointed, is
a mere private claim; and there have been appro-
priations made for similar claims before. It may
be just; but I object to it as an atnendmcnt to an
appropriation bill, because it is a private claim,
and is excluded by a rule of the Senate; and the
Committee on Finance have adopted the rule of
objecting to everything which comes within that
denomination, in order to keep our bills clear of
anything of that sort. If the Senator, from his
committee, should bring in a bill to pay this gen-
tleman for his services thus rendered, I am not
certam that X should not support that bill; but it
is a breach of the rules of the Senate to put it on
a general appropriation bill, and I must make the
point of order upon the amendment as it stands,
so far as relates to so much of it as is intended
to pay for services rendered when the office did
not exist by law. For that there should be special
legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I recognize
the rule to which the Senator refers. The Senator
has very frankly and completely stated his objec-
tion; but the answer to it is precisely this: that
from the year 1851, the 9th of December, down
to the day when this marshal to whom reference
is now made entered upon his duties, the Gov-
ernment has paid on deficiency bills salaries like
this. I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the first case which appears in the deficiency bill
for 1854. The item is as follows:
"The payment of the claim of Thomas N. Johnson foi
his services as marshal at the port of Shanghae, from the
9th December, 1851, to the 15th September, 1853, the sum
of $1,781 74."
That bill was passed in 1854. Now follows
another .similar appropriation in 1860, not in a
deficiency bill, but in the regular appropriation
bill for consular and diplomatic expenses; and the
item is as follows:
" To enable the Secretary of State to defray the cost of
the prison ship at Canton, in China, from the 1st day of
January, 1854, to the 1st day of January, 1857, and for com-
pensation of the maishal 'of the consular court at Canton
from January 1,1854, to the 15th of December, 1857, $4,760,
or so much thereof as may be necessary."
I remember that this was passed on the strong
recommendation of General Cass, while he was
at the head of the Department of State. Now
comes the next case, with regard to which I am
instructed to move the amendment that I have
submitted. If it is a private claim, as the Senator
from Maine suggests, then these two other cases,
one of which is in a deficiency bill, the other in
a regular appropriation bill, were also private
claims, and certainly were objectionable under
the rule to which he has referred.
That is the case. There it is between the Sen-
ator and myself. Looking at it, as I have, care-
fully, and going over the papers, it has seemed to
me that we cannot, under the circumstances, do
better than follow the two precedents which have
already been established with regard to this iden-
tical consular court. Why should we.pay in
these two other cases, and then leave the gentle-
man who follows, who is in the line of succes-
sion, unpaitf, or, if you please, his compensation
by a private bill as a petitioner to Congress? It
seems to me that, under the circumstances, this
appropriation ought to be added to the deficiency
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 cannot
waive the point. I make the point of orderupon
it for the simple reason that if we open deficiency
bills and appropriation bills generally to these
matters that are properly private claims, there is
no knowing where it will end. There are many
hard things; there is oue in this very bill, which
we have stricken out, which is a clear, strong,
equitable case, where the money ought to be paid
to the person who makes the claim. In fact, an
appropriation was made once to pay it—a general
appropriation to pay for matters of which that
was a part. He did not receive all his money.
He was paid less than he ought to have been pai<K
very clearly; and although there was money
enough appropriated, it was delayed until it went
to the surplus fund; and he now comes for pay-
ment. I am satisfied that the claim is a just
one; and yet the Finance Committee struck it out
for the reason that, being an old affair, a matter
gone by, it was a claim upon Congress. If any-
thing, it is a stronger case than thi's which is now
presented.
Now, sir, I have no doubt, on the statement of
the Senator, upon the examination of the papers
which he has made, that this money really ought to
be paid to this gentleman for the services which he
rendered. But just let us look at it, and see how
it is. He rendered services as marshal for this
consular court before there was any law of any
kind or description authorizing his appointment.
His predecessors, as the Senator says, were paid
for the same service, and very likely they ought
to have been paid. Then it cleaily comes within
the objection: it is a private claim upon Congress
for services rendered for which there was no ex-
isting law. But the Senator says there are pre-
cedents on deficiency bills and appropriation bills
of the same character. Granted; there are a great
many; the appropriation bills are full of them—
items that have been put on by the vote of the
Senate or the House of Representatives. We had
got to be very lax on that point. The Committee
on Finance was very frequently overruled by the
Senate in relation to it, and thus theae anomalous
