1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] mid the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] de-
sire to be heard on this bill,and I am unwilling to
occupy the time of the House while those gentle-
men desire to speak, and i will, therefore, yield
to those gentlemen; and I now resign the floor to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 267) to divide the Stale of
Michigan into two judicial districts, and to pro-
vide for holding the district and circuit courts
therein;
An act (H. R. No. 357) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Arizona;
An act ([I. R. No. 722) to establish certain post
roads; and
An act (H.R.No. 448) for the relief of Colonel
Joseph Puddock.
coxsciurnoN dill. *
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I thank
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. IIolmant,] Mr.
Speaker, for his great courtesy in yielding to me
the floor. I rejoice that J. have no party interests
to represent, no party topics to discuss. 1 have
heard with sorrow, not to say disgust, the voices
of party discord and bitter parly strife from both
sides of the House. If the spirit of party cannot
be subdued or chastened in the presence of such
imminent peril, God save the country, for He only
can.
In the few remarks I shall submit to the House
1 propose to look directly to the merits of the
measure before us. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible
bill; tenible in the powers uconfers upon the Ex-
ecutive, terrible m the duty and burden it imposes
upon the citizen. 1 meet the suggestion by one as
obvious and cogent* and that is that the exigency
is a ten ib!e one, and calls for all the powers with
which the Government is invested.
Some of the features of the bill my judgment
condemns, unhesitatingly condemns.
The peuod for which the service is required is
unreasonably long. 1 think the enrollment should
not include judges of the State courts, or ministers
of the Gospel of peace, or members of Congress of
either branch, though the inclusion of members
of Congress would be, I think, simply void. 1
earnestly object, also, to the provision of the bill
for the arrest of civilians by the military power;
but I understand that gentlemen upon my right
Will consent to an amendment which shall strike
that feature from the bill. But excepting these
objections, I think the bill is within the scope of
the Constitution and necessary.
I do not rest the power of Congress to pass this
bill upon the provisions of the Constitution in
relation to the militia. I put it upon the simple
and clear provision which gives to Congress the
** power to raise arid support aimies," and upon
the absence of any provision of the Constitution
which limits or restricts that power. In the na-
ture of things, there can be no such limitation.
The powers of Congress, within the scope of the
Constitution, aie supreme, and strike directly to
the subject and hold him m its firm, its iron grasp.
1 repeat what at an early day I asseited upon this
floor, that there is not a human being within the
territory of the United States, black or white, bond
or free, whom this Government is not capable of
taking in its right hand and using for its military
service whenever the defense of the country re-
quires, and of this Congress alone must judge.
The question of use is a question of policy only.
Having the power to raise and support armies,
and the exigency existing in which the use of that
power is necessary, the question arises whether
the powers given to Congress with respect to the
militia qualify and restrain thepowei to raise and
support armies. Very clearly not, .Mr. Speaker.
They are distinct, independent powers. The mil-
itia is a branch of service well understood in the
mot her country and our own, to be called forth "to
execute the laws, suppress insunections, and re-
pel invasions." It was not designed for perma-
nent service, but to meet special exigencies and
for brief periods of times.
Gentlemen talk without much reflection of the
very "unpatriotic" course of the government of
Massachusetts with respect to the use of the militia
in the war of lbl2. The opinion of the supreme
court of Massachusetts ofthat day proceeded,as 1
recollect it, upon the ground that the purposes of
the militia being to suppress insurrection and re-
pel invasion, the militia of the State could not be
required by the Federal Executive to go beyond
the limits of the State. To that view I do not as-
sent, but it is 1 think quite plain they are not, in
the light of the Constitution, a part of the Army
of the United States. They are to be enrolled and
oiganized for the purposes stated in the Constitu-
tion, and for no other.
This power to raise and support armies is given
us to meet an hour and an exigency like this.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Wickiikfe] says that the Army is made up and
has been made up by volunteer enlistments, and
that you never have "conscripted" men into the
Army. Doubtless such lias heretofore been the
practice. Hut the exigency never before arose
when it was necessary to conscript men into an
army. The exigency does not confer new pow-
ers, but evokes them into service. At this mo-
ment the question whether wo shall use this power
is not one of policy, not what i<? best. U is in ef-
fecta question to this nation of life or death. We
literally have no choice. Gentlemen upon my
right (the Republican side of the House) know
that it is my conviction that all the vaunted pan-
aceas for our troubles have failed, utterly failed.
I expected them to fail. I attempted in vain to
satisfy the House that it was leaning upon reeds
shaken by the wind. My earnest, repeated sug-
gestions were of course unheeded. Butthe results
are too palpable to be overlooked or mistaken,
and reason is slowly reasrending the steps of its
throne. Pray God it may not be too late.
The policy inaugurated on the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1861, has been fruitless of good. It has
changed the ostensible if not real issue of the war.
That policy and the want of persistent vigor in
our military counsels render any further lehanre
upon voluntary enlistments futile. The nostrums
have all failed. Confiscation, emancipation by
Congress, emancipation by the pioclamation of
the President, compensated emancipation, arbi-
trary art-cuts, paper made legal tender, negro ar-
mies, will not do the mighty work. Nothing will
save us now but victories in the field and on the
sea; and then the proffer of the ohvc bianch, with
the most liberal terms of reconciliation and re-
union. We can get armies in no other way but
by measures substantially those in the bill befoie
us, unless the Adnunistiation will retrace its steps,
and return to the way of the Constitution, for us
the strait and narrow way which leads unto life.
At any rate, the war on paper is at an end. The
people have, for a time, bt en deluded by it. That
delusion exists no longer. If you are to sup-
press this rebellion, ail instrumentalities will fail
you butthe power of your own right arm. Mr.
Speaker, the measures and policy heretofore pur-
sued have not been merely fruitless of good; they
have been fruitful of evil. They have made, or
largely contributed to make, a united South; they
have made for you a divided North; they have
alienated from the Administration the confidence
and affection of large portions of the people; they
have paralyzed your arm, and divided your coun-
sels. Gentlemen flatter themselves this alienation
and disaffection are the work of the Democrats;
that the people have been misled and deceived by
their wiies. Sir, the people of this country road,
and keep their eyes open, and comprehend, and the
plain fact is, you cannot unite them upon th'c pol-
icy you now pursue. They do not believe in de-
stroying the Union and Constitution in the hope
of building up better by force of arms. You may
unite them on the issue of maintaining the Union
and the Government at every price and cost; but
upon no other.
Having distracted the public mind,having alien-
ated to a great degree the affection and confidence
of the country, what is left to you? To resort to
those constitutional powers vested in you for the
preservation of the Government which you have
m trust, and which you must use or be false to
that trust. Gentlemen say the people will not
bear this measure. I will not believe it. 1 believe
the people of this country are ready to do and to
endure everything for the preservation of their
unity, their national life, and through that unity
and that national life all that makes life precious
to men. They will submit to it. In view of the
infinite interests at stakefn thisgreaOconiroversy;
in the solemn conviction that thefe is to-day «o
hope of peace except in disintegration; that as ft
nation we must conquer in arms-or perish, they
will meet and respond to this imperative call of
duty. Such is my hope and trust.
But, Mr. Speaker, suppose they hesitate; sup-
pose they do not submit; you can but try; you
have no other hope; the negro will "not save you,'
paper money will not save'you, your infractions
of personal liberty will not save you.- If per-
sisted in in the peaceful and loyal States, they will
ruin you. Go firmly to the people and present
to them the issue. They will understand the ter-
rible exigency in which the country is placed,and
they will be true to that country if you show
cleaily to their comprehension the length and
breadth and height and depth of that exigency.
Mr. Speaker, the issue must be met atall hazards,
if the people will not support you, if they will
not do this highest act of duty, the days of t[ns Re-
public are numbered, and the end is nigh. Satisfy
them that you mean to be true to the Constitution •*.
and the Union, and they will be true to you.
The issue, 1 repeat, must be met. You die with-
out this measure; you can no more with it, ex-
cept you die as cowards die many times. I go,
therefore, for appealing from these panaceas and
make-shifts and paper bullets, to this highest,
most solemn and imperative duty of the citizen
to protect the life of the State, and I believe that
appeal will he answered.
Mr. CHITTENDEN. Mr.Speaker, I rise to
addiess the House under circumstances of, per-
haps, greater embarrassment than 1 have ever
done before since I have been a member of this
body. We are, as my honorable friend who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Thomas, of Massachu-
setts] has said, nearly at the end of our session;
many of us nearly at the close of our public life.
During the time I have been a member of this
body I have endeavored to do whatever I could
conscientiously do to contribute for the suppres-
sion of this rebellion. I shall, however, make no
pretensions of my patriotism. Our acts are to
speak for us. They arc to go before the country,
and the people will decide. lam satisfied to abide
their judgment.
The measure, it seems to me, is but.the natural
result of the course of policy which this Congress
bus pursued fi om «he commencement, or very near
the commencement of this war.
When this war first broke out it was a national
war, with a single national object; and upon that
one purpose and object all hearts were united.
That object was the reestablishment of this great
Republic—our Republic. Upon that great object,
1 repeat, we were all united. There was no di-
vision; and in order to satisfy the country more
effectually of the fact of our unity, but little more
than eighteen months ago a resolution offered by
me was passed, almost unanimously, declaring
that this was our sole object. We then declared,
that this was our only object. Wc pledged our-
selves that no interference should be made in any
of the institutions of the States, having especial
reference to the institution of slavery.
Mr. Speaker, had the pledges then solemnly
made by this Congress been adheied to, how dif-
ferent would be the condition of the country to-
day. There was then butone sentiment pervading
the whole people of the country. The people then
flocked toyoui standard by hundreds of thousands,
filling the ranks of such an army as the world
never saw. There was then hut one sentimeni m
the people of the country. No coercion was then
talked of. .What has produced the change that
now presents itself? What, as my friend from
Massachusetts says, has united the South in one
solid iron phalanx? What has crushed out, and
destroyed to a great extent, if not wholly, the con-
fidence and enthusiasm that swelled up in the heart
of the people of the nation^? What has done all
of this? It is our departing from our faith. It is
our departing from that object which we declared
to be the oniy just and patriotic one. What else
has done it? Have you not departed from the
policy of that faith ? Have you not, in a manner
considered peifidious, violated the pledges which
you gave the country more than eighteen months
ago? Was there any discontent oxpiessed at that
time? I heard of none. The hearts of the loyal
people North and South were fired with a common
purpose to preserve the integrity and honor of the
