1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Republic. Everjr man felt himself under every
honorable obligation to step forward, abandon his
Srivate affairs, and look after the welfare of the
rmon. That was the undivided, pervading, pa-
triotic sentiment of the whole body of the people.
Nowhere in the North or Northwest was heard a ,
murmur of discontent; and the same confidence !
and patriotic feeling was as strong among the
Union men of the border States as it was any-
where in the North and West. It was everywhere
the same. We were willing to suffer to the last
extremity to preserve the Government. That
was the feeling of the people then; we all know it.
What has brought this mighty change ? What
has done it, Mr. Speaker ? Do not we all know?
Can there be any doubt on the subject? It has
been our infidelity to the pledges made to the peo-
ple. It has been because of the reckless course
of the dominant power. It is because of the
impolicy of which Congress has been guilty. Is
it not time to learn that the course we have pur-
sued and are pursuing lias produced a state of
✓ division and dissension even in the remaining
States? Yes, sir; the policy that has been recently
pursued has been the fruitful source of these dis-
astrous dissensions. It has been our departure
from our policy of not attacking the institution of
slavery and fighting only for the Government, for
the Union, and the Constitution.
What have we seen at this session ? We have
passed bills changing the rules and articles of war
in order that slavery might be encroached upon.
We deprived the loyal people of the South of all
protection by the Army for their property. You
have passed a law taking the slaves from any of
the citizens of the country. You have passed a
law for organizing an army of three hundred
thousand negroes. This you know is against the
deep-rooted prejudices of at least one half of our
people. Such a bill would have been rejected with
one common voice eighteen months ago. Even
the mention of the subject created profound indig-
nation. You have done tins and more. You have
passed laws, in the opinion of the people, which
violate the Constitution. You have scorned the
fiienda of the Government. You have turned
away from us the hearts of the people by these
measures. We have sown deep the seeds of future
disasters to the Government. I implore the House
to pause before it sanctions any more measures of
that kind.
Mr. Speaker, can we carry on the war more suc-
cessfully by transcending: the Constitution than
wc can by obeying it? I have always said (hat
the Constitution was our bulwark; that it was
our best defense; that our strongest defense was
to keep within the cleaily defined powers of that
instrument. But what have wc done? We have
assumed powers not delegated by the Constitu-
tion. We have acted, not according to the pro-
visions of the Constitution, but according to the
sentiment which actuated us at the moment. We
seem to have been controlled by the petty spirit of
party, rather than by the spirit of patriotism and
a determination to obey the Constitution and the
laws. You have lost the heart of the people, and
you have lost it by the dogmas you have inaugu-
rated and established inthcr than follow the Con-
stitution.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] said the other day that we have every man
in the field that wc can get voluntarily. Why is
that? Bccause the object is cleailv proclaimed of
abolishing slavery throughout the" United States.
You have done this while you have had an acci-
dental majority here. Hence it is that the people
have changed. This is the only time, when that
party ever had a majority in the House—{ mean
a majority of abolitionists. With this accidental
power what has it done? It hasdeclaied emanci-
pation by law. It has declared by law for the
raising of negro armies. It has declared emanci-
pation and confiscation by law. l-*y these means,
1 say, you have Iost'the hearts of the people!
Why do not the people have the same enthusiasm
in the war that they had at fust? Then they put
a million men into the field. X'he country is
still in peril, in more peril than at first, and why
is not our Auny of two million men now putinto
the field ^ it is only because of the bad policy by
which you have established the dogmas of the
abolitionists, of emancipation of slavery through-
out the country. It is that which has induced
ihetn to lose confidence in you. It is not for the
country^it is not for the white man, it is for the
negro this war is to be waged; and for that war
I am not. The logical conclusion from the im-
politic course we have pursued is, that we have
lost the hearts of the people.
You say that this bill is framed on the idea that
the people will no longer volunteer—that the peo-
ple will no longer stand a draft. Why not? Be-
cause the people will not do one thing or another;
they will neither volunteer nor stand a draft,and
you are obliged by law to coerce them. That is
the condition in which we are placed; and this bill
is nothing more than the logical conclusion of what
we have previously done. We have created a
necessity for it. The people are no longer with us,
and therefore we must force the people by coer-
cive and penal laws, by new jurisdictions, provost
marshals scattered through the land, and by a new
sort of military judicature to which the people
have not been accustomed. And knowing that
you have an unwilling people to deal with, you
make thatiaw as coercive as'possible, and accom-
pany it with every sort of inquisitorial and com-
pulsory power, judicial and executive, in order to
insure obedience, willing or unwilling, to thatiaw.
Is not that oui condition, fairly considered?
There is but one sort of consistency which de-
serves the respect of honest men, and that is to let
your acts be consistent with your convictions at
the time you are called upon to vote. It is not.
what we did yesterday that we are to consider
alone. We have lived through a time of trial and
of trouble. Have we learned nothing ? Up to this
time I fear we have learned very little. Our les-
sons have been very severe, and the fear of more
dangerous lessons hereafter ought to instruct us.
The life of the country is attacked, and that life
is upon your hands, and its preservation depends
jti a great ineasuie upon your wisdom, upon your
solemn deliberation)*, and your solemn consider-
ation of all the mighty questions upon us.
if wc want to get back the Union how must wc
doit.' We must change our policy. This bill
will not answer your purpo.se. You mustget back
what you have lost. You have lost the heart of
the people, and the confidence of the people. The !
people's aflections are turned away from us; and i
will they bear more exactions and burdens laid '
upon them? No, sir; you are mistaken in the .
remedy. Your only remedy is tu legain the con- 1
fidence and heart of the people, to substitute for
the distrust which now exists confidence that
your object is a national one, and not a mere pub-
lic one; not the abolition of slavery, but the sal-
vation of the country. Get that hack, and you do
not want this bill; fail to get it back, and this bill
will ho just as inoperative as if there was not a
word wiitten upon it.
You say a draft will not do; that a draft will
"°l. lje submitted to. I know nothing- about that.
Will, then, this more exacting piovision be sub-
mitted to? In a country like ours, laws which
do not carry along with them the assent of the
people are but blank paper. Have you not cause
to fear that unless you win back the hearts of the
people, and their confidence, this bill will do you
no good?^ You are mistaking the disease alto-
gether. 1 he disease of the public heart is loss of
confidence in us, members of Congress. It is the
abolition element here which has destroyed every-
thing; that bus clouded the great ideas of nation-
ality—the pride of the American heart.
That is the disease of the public heart, and you
should endeavor to administer measures which
will reclaim it and (hat will heal discontent. And
yet m the last moments of our existence you are
endeavoring to consummate a policy winch the
people have condemned, and to put the people be-
yond the means of redress. The remedy, and the
sole remedy, is by reversion, by retracing our
steps, and make this again a national war. Then 1
y°l\ will not want this bill, nor will you want a
draft. You will have volunteers enough. I do
not speak rashly, bccause you had volunteers .
enough, and more than you knew what to do
with, when you stood upon that ground. But
you choose to change that ground. Political ab- :
oiitionists thought the time had come for them to ;
introduce the sword and the spear into the public 1
aiena and to make use of this war to carry out
ends which they have long cherished—the aboli- 1
tiorj of slavery. j
ihese, Mr. Speaker, are my views of the dis- I
couragements which now exist in the country, !
February 25,
and these are my views of the remedy, and the
only remedy, which can be efficacious. This bill
would have done well enough at the time^he reso-
lution I offered here passed. Itwould have passed,
not with all the provisions which now accompany
it, hut the principle would have been adopted, and
the whole power of the nation would have been
placed in the handsof the Governmentto be used,
if necessary, for the defense of the country. But
the disease assumed another shape. The political
body has become infected with poison, and the
mind of the people, poisoned with distrust of us,
disapproves of our measures. There is a disease,
and there is no mortal remedy for it but one. We
must administer that remedy to ourselves; we
must change our steps. We must no longer be
Democrats, no longer be abolitionists; but we
must, if we would save our country and save our-
selves, be patriots merely,and not hesitate or fal-
ter about undoing wlnu we have alieady done
whenever we discover that its operation and effect
has been ditferentfrom whetweanticipated. Have
not youranticipations failed in regard to the meas-
ures you have heretofore adopted? Have not
your acts been such as to make the people believe
that whatever may have b'een the principles upon
which this war was begun, it is now used for the
overthrow of slavery. As candid men, is not that
the object of the war?
There is a little tweedledum and tweedledee
about this matter. One says the war is not to
overthrow slavery—it is to save the Union. An-
other says, if you do not destioy slavery the
Union is worth nothing. The argument here is
exactly the argument of the Jesuit—fix your mind
and attention upon one object which you think a
lawful one, and then all the means aie lawful.
One object is the abolition of slavery; but that is
not lawful. ISTo, says one, but the salvation of
the Union is constitutional. Direct yourattention
to that, and you may abolish slavery. This is the
doctrine which makes the end justify the means.
One says that abolition is his object, and that he
goes for it because abolition is necessary for the
salvation of the Union. Have we found it so?
Has it conduced in any way to save the Union?
Will your three hundred thousand black men
tend to save the Union ? Have you brought them
out as soldiers? We know bettor. They are no
soldiers, and you cannot during this war make
soldiers of them. I put out of sight the question
as to their capacity as a military people, or what
they may become by a course of education; but
you cannot in two, three, or ten veais, make
efficient soldiers of them.
Again: will your white soldiers serve with them?
The whole country suspects that this is an aboli-
tion movement. You do not know what to do
with the runaway negroes which invest you, and
are calling upon you for the bread which they left
behind when they left their homes and families.
You do not know what to do with them. You
can have some color for feeding them or for set-
ting them free, but when you hold out the pre-
tense that you mean to make soldiers of them, it
is all a delusion. It is a pretense for abolitionism.
It is a pretense for placing negroes on an equality
with your own white soldiers. It will either raise
to an equality with white soldiers those whom
they regard as an inferior race, or else it will level
them down to an equality with negroes. That is
the whole effect of it.
I do not know that I differ with my honorable
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] as to the
principle which he advocates, that this Govern-
ment has a right to the employment of all the force
it can command in this exigency and peril. I will
not say that this bill, so far as it regards the en-
rollment of the men liable to military duty in the
country and subjecting them to bo called out for
military service, does not come within the power
given to Congress to raise and support armies. I
will not contest that question with him here at
any rate. But I do not think that the Constitu-
tion intended at all, as my friend from Massachu-
setts seemed to think, that Congress should have
the power of enlisting negroes" They were re-
garded as property, and it was not intended that a
man's property should be taken from him. They
fall within another category. The gen tie mo n says
they may be employed if it be necessary to save
the Republic. He postpones the employment of
negro soldiers until the last. I differ with him in
this. I believe that that time not only has not
