THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if 1 II
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.- 0.
: a y"
f J*
j
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY,- JANUARY 17, 1863.
New Series.....No. "23.
The amendment reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee relieves us of the necessity of examining
farther into the number of skives to be paid for.
If there be few the appropiiation will be less. It
cannot exceed a certain amount, and if a less sum
be sufficient, that smaller sum only is given.
Aside from the question of constitutional power
to pass the bill before us, the prominent objec-
tion to be urged, is its injustice to the non-slave-
holding states. To determine this question it may
be necessary to settle three propositions:
1. Is slavery wrong; is it a national evil?
2. Is it an obstacle at present to the restoration
of the Union ?
3. Arc the non-slaveholding States, or the peo-
ple thereof, in any manner responsible for the ex-
istence of the institution in the southern States?
I shall not discuss the first proposition. 1 shall
leave it to the judgment and conscience of north-
ern Senators, to determine for themselves. The
second proposition will be promptly answered in
the affirmative by every Senator, whose vote was
cast for the confiscation law of the last session,
for the article of war prohibiting the use of sol-
diers in the return of fugitives from labor, or for
the bill enabling the President to cali slave# into
the Federal scrvicc.
The late proclamation of the President declar-
ing freedom to three million slaves, followed as
it will be to execution and rigid enforcement by
an army of eight hundred thousand men, certainly
means that slavery is in the road to peace, and
must be removed. He who indorses that proc-
lamation, even in substance, must conscientiously
believe that slavery* in some way, gives aid and
comfort to the rebellion, and that us removal will
strengthen the hands of the Government. This
point, too, may be submitted upon the mere state-
ment. If the third proposition can be answered
affirmatively, it is then perfectly just that the non-
slavel^olding States should, jointly with others,
assume the burdens necessary to its removal. But
this may not be so readily admitted. I may fail
to satisfy Senators; but the success of the measure
proposed, in which I feel so deep an interest, im-
pels me to attempt its proof. If slavery be a crime,
and the northern people were participants in us
establishment, the present geneiation is not so far
removed that the iniquities of the father may not
be properly visited upon the son. It is sometimes
said by our northern filends that it is too late to
deny the corrupting influences of slavery. Sup-
pose the charge to be true, is it not too late for them
to gather about them the cloak of sanctity and
deny all participation in the wrong- ? Aswcll might
England attempt to escape from the odium of
having filled this continent with these wretched
victims by two centuries of the most infamous
piracy. It may be that England's present suffer-
ings, the product of this rebellion, are mere visit-
ations of leti ibutive justice by a " jealous God."
If so, she will not be able to escape them by her
attempt to justify those who now boldly seek to
consecrate her former shame.
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution
the number of slaves in the colonies did notgreat-
ly exceed half a million, nearly one half of the
whole number being in the State of Virginia. At
least three fourths of the remaining half were con-
fined to the States of Maryland, North Carolina,
and South Carolina, each of these having about
an equal number. Georgia, in her colonial state,
had long resisted the introduction of slaves, but
finally yielded to the clamor of a few, who sys-
tematically undet took the work of forming public
sentiment m irs favor. At the period mentioned,
the State of Georgia had about twenty-five thou-
sand slaves.
Delaware, Virginia, and Maryland had prohib-
ited their further importation; and North Caro-
lina, m the same spin*, had imposed what was
thought to be a piohibitivo duty, and declared
their introduction to be "highly impolitic." The
States noith of these were all preparing to rid
themselves of what was thought to be an incubus
on their material prosperity. South Carolina and
Georgia alone seemed determined on retaining it
23
as an institution, both States together, at the time,
owning not exceeding one hundred and twenty
thousand slaves.
Such was the state of public feeling on this sub-
ject when the Federal Convention met. Slavery
was then what it is now. It had existed in every
colony. One could scarcely then plead ignorance
of its character, either in a moral or economical
point of view.
From the time when the Dutch vessel landed
its cargo of twenty slaves at Jamestown, Vngmia
-—almost contemporaneous with the arrival of the
Mayflower at Plymouth, with the English refu-
gees from religious persecution—up to the period
when Mr. Jefferson, prepuung his famous bill of
indictment against George 111, declared that he
had " waged cruel war against human nature it-
self, violating its most sacred rights of life and
liberty, in the persons of a distant people, who
never offended him, captivatingand carrying them
into slavery in another hemisphere, or to incur
miserable death in their transportation hither,"
and alleging that he had " prostituted his negative
for suppressing every legislative attempt to pro-
hibit or restrain this execrable commerce," the
subject had been canvassed in all the colonies, and
should have been well understood. Itsexistence
here was long a souice uf constantand bitter com-
plaint. Before this time n had been declared in
the Virginia IIoiujo of fhngesses, that:
Tho abolition of domestic sdavoij is the creat object of
dcMicintlu\M. colonic-, where it wn^unhappily mtiodueed
in then liil.nit ft.ite. pieviou* to the euli .uieln-euient
of tin* si,t\ i's wo have, It is neco->an to ex  htUe ail rtmhot
lmpoitatioti' fioni Attica. Yetmu lepi ated eflort- to effect
thi-, by piolubtrms* anil bv nn|)0-uiif duties winch might
ani'tunt to piohibition, have been hiiheuo deteated by in*
Majesty'* negative — thu- picfomup the ad v amaars ot a few
Ruti-h oo!-afi=s to tiie laMiinj iiifeieKs of the Atneiiean
Sutos anil to the t lights of human natine, deeply wounded
h} tSits iiilciiiiouspiacuce."
In the formation of the Constitution, the com-
mercial interests of the extreme North, uniting
with the supposed agricultural interests of South
Carolina and Georgia—Georgia then containing
within its limits the present States of Alabama and
Mississippi, and looking forward to boundless
wealth under the system of slave labor, then re-
cently adopted—agreed upon compromises of va-
rious kinds that tended to encourage and perpet-
uate slavery. Many of them were placed in the
Constitution against the wishes of the centud
States, both slave-holding and non-slavcholdmg.
During the discussions in the Federal Conven-
tion upon the clause forbidding restrictions upon
the importation of sla\es by the States, Luther
Martin, of Maryland, said:
five <,hve«!, in the apportionment of Representatives,
were reckoned as equal to thiee iicemcn, such a pennis-
sion amounted to an encoinasnnciit o! the .-Live trade
f-Muve- weaken ibe Fmoo.w Inch the oi her paiK were bound
to ptot^of The privilege importing them wa-.therHoie,
umea^o'uHc Such a feature in the Oon-tnution was iti-
eon-i.-ieat v, iili tho pnvdc«<;> of tne Revolution, and dic-
honoiaulL to the Amci man character.5'
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, on the same subject,
stated that—
u Slavci v di^courazoF niN and irnnu'acmroc The poor
dcfps^e labor when poifoimed hv -lave3. 'I hey pt event the
innniyration ot whites, who leally enuch and strengthen a
couunv. The j piodu'-c ihcmo-i pernicious efKct^on man
not-j. Every rn«.<tei of Mavev i> boui a petty n rant. Tney
brins the judgment o( Hi men on aeouum. !>y an inev-
itable chain ot cau^f" and ulect--, pjovulenco punish^ na-
tional sin-1 In national eaiuinitie-. He I uiv ufd That *-ome
of our ea-t'Jtn hictnu-n, j r on) a hntol -run. lutv'o embarked
in the; nefatiote- nallie. A- to the Stale* beinj; in pos^cv
>-101, of the to Iinpoi t. that was the a-' with many
othet j now to h.'gi ven up lie held U c-^-entnl in
every point of view that the Geneuil Government should
have the power to prevent the Incicaso of Muvciy."
Mr. Williamson, of North Carolina, said that
he wu3, in theory and practice, opposed to sla- ,
very.
Mr. Charles Pinckney, of South Carolina, said :
that his St Ue "can m-v< i receive the plan if it |
prohibits the slave tiaue." He added, however: I
"It the flute- bo all left at liberty oti this subject, South 1
Caioimi nnv, pfihap-., bv defers, do ot hoj^elf what
wished, as Mainland and Vugnua have already done."'' ,
Messrs. Rutledge and C. C. Pinckney, of the |
same State, also declared that if the slave trade
were prohibited, South Carolina would not enter -
the Union. One of them, appealing to the shipping
interest, of the North, " suggested that the impor-
tation of slaves would be for the benefit of the
whole Union. The more slaves, the more prod?
uce, the greater carrying trade, the more con*
sumption, the more revenue." Whether the em-
ployment of slave labor has been attended with
the augmented business and wealth anticipated
by the speaker, the seventy-five years that have
intervened between that period and this should
be allowed to speak. ThatMr. Pinckney believed
what he said, may be inferred from the persistent
efforts of the South Carolina and Georgia dele*
gates to have representation partially based upon
wealth, making it a controlling power in the
Government. Mr. Baldwin, of Georgia, also an-
nounced that Georgia would not confederate if
the slave trade were prohibited.
Messrs. Ellsworth and Sherman, of Connects
cut, thought it best to leave each State " to import
what it pleases. The morality or wisdom of sla-
very are considerations belonging to the States.
What enriches a pari, enriches the whole." He
might have added, what impoverishesa part,im-
poverishes the whole.
Mr. Sheiman thought that—
<{ The abolition of hlavciy seemed to be going on In the
United State*, ami the good sense of tho several States
would piobabi), by degtees., complete it."
Mr. Eilswoith suggested that—
"As population incicase?, poor laborers will be so plenty
a-* to lender slaves, useless. Slavery, in time, will not bo a
speck in oui countty."
When finally the committee to which had been
referred the vexed questionsofexport duties,navi-
gation laws, and slave importation, reported in
favor of limiting the period for introducing slaves
to the year 1800, subject however to a tax, which
was afterwards fixed at ten dollars, Mr. Madison,
a Virginia delegate, thought it "wrong to admit
m the Constitution the idea that there could be
property in man." Mr. C. C. Pinckney moved
to extend the period from 1800 to 1806, and Mr.
Gotham of Massachusetts seconded the motion,
and it was earned, by the vote of all the States
except New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and
Vngiiua. Connecticut, Sew Hampshire, and
Massachusetts voting with Georgia and ?3outh
Carolina to continue for eight years longer the
''inhuman traffic" which Mr. Jefferson had de-
nounced eleven years before as "piratical war-
fare," "the opprobiium of infidel Powers."
In settling the ratio of representation during the
pendency of Governor Randolph's resolutions,
on motion of a Pennsylvania delegate, the num-
ber of free citizensand three fifths ofall other per-
sons was adopted, New Jersey and Delaware
alone voting against it; and this provision having1
been aficrvvaids made the basis of direct taxation,
and* taxation the basis of representation, was
adopted, :he two States above named alone voting
against it; Massachusetts and South Carolina
being divided and not votmg.
The provision for the rendition of fugitive slaves
was moved by Mr. Butler, of South Caiolina, and
adopted without protest or even remark by the
northern members.
Upon the proposition prohibiting a tax upon
exports—a measure upon which more thtyi upon
any other, in my judgment, turned the national
encouragement and future piotitable existence of
slavery in the southern States; the measure of all
others that has made it a power in the land—New
Hampshire, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,and Del-
aware alone were found in the negative. Indeed,
Massachusetts and Connecticut, especially, had
been so prompt to yield to the demands of South
Carolina, that'Mr.C.C. Pinckney,graciously sur-
rendeiin«r tne power to regulate commercc in re-
turn. took occasion to say that " he had prejudices
against the eastern States before he come, here, but
would acknowledge that he had found them as lib-
eral and candid as any men whatever." This com-
pliment, of course, svas a pai t of the consideration
tendered for the aid of the East in giving the sanc-
tion of Govern ment to that power which, in the
