354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
estimation of many, has now sapped its founda-
tions. This compliment, and the power to regu-
late commerce for the benefit of northern shipping,
was the return for twenty years more of the slave
trade; for conferring political power upon those
sections that might import, and the full surrender
of all right of taxing the products of slave labor.
Without justifying the sentiments, one may at
least excuse the indignant language of Gouver-
neur Morris when he discovered that these com-
promises had been agreed upon. Afterdenouncing
slavery as a social and political evil, and enumer-
ating the slight advantages that the North would
receive from the bargain, he said:
u On the other side, the southern States are not to be re-
strained from importing fresh supplies of wretched Afri-
cans, at once to increase the danger of attack and the diffi-
culty of defense; nay, they are to be ericouia^cd to it by an
assurance of having their votes in tiie national Government
increased in pioportion, and at the same time aie to have
their slaves and their exports exempt from all contubuuon
to tile public service.5'
He said " he would sooner submit himself to a
tax for paying for all the negroes in the United
States than saddle posterity with such a Constitu-
tion." If this latter suggestion had been followed,
and the few slaves of South Carolina and Georgia
had been paid for, Alabama and.Mississippi, fol-
lowing the condition of Georgia, as free States,
the remaining slave States would not have insisted
upon the obnoxious provisions. The prevailing
sentiment of hostility to the institution Would 90011
have disposed of it in Virginia, Maryland, and
North Carolina. Tiie antagonism of the sections
might have been avoided, as well as the lavish ex-
penditure of blood and treasure in the present
war.
Mr. President, the northern States are partially
responsible for the existence of slavery to-day.
If slavery brought the war,they gave us slavery.
They opened the land to slave importation for
twenty long and cruel years, during which their
merchants continued to seize these miserable ne-
groes upon the coast of Afiica, and barter then-
freedom in exchange for the gold of Lhe southern
pjanter. But for this twenty years of slave trade
—-during which the institution becamc strong in
the South—it must have followed the course in-
dicated by public sentiment at the tune. IIow
idle to expect emancipation with the doors thrown
open to slave importation! Mr. jefferson had
truly said that, " pievious to the enfranchisement
of the slaves we have, it is necessary to exclude
all further importations from Africa." It was
not done, and the consequences, whether good or
bad, must be shared by all. It is not my design,
sir, either to condemn or to praise the action of
our forefathers in the delicate work of cementing
the Union, i only allude to facts, which northern
gentlemen may chum to have sprung from the
triors of the time. Consequences of error are
sometimes more fatal than those of crime.
But m addition to the obligations upon northern
gentlemen arising from complicity m the causes
producing present effects, it may be said that honor
and the eternal principles of justice demand the
sacrifice on the part of the nation. Tii* people
of Missouri are from every part of the Union.
The descendants of the Puritan and the Hugue-
not are there. The farmer of Pennsylvania, the
merchant of New York, the planter of Virginia,
the banker of Vermont, the insurance agent ot
Connecticut, the trapper of the mountains, the
nationalities of Europe, ha\e ail met on its soil.
They found slavery there, existing by iaw and
protected by the Fedoial Government. .As a sys-
tem of labor, it fell into the hands of all, for no
mortalfccan be superior to the habits and customs
around him. So long as pence ic-mamcd with us
the institution was secure enough, thoutrh nearly
surrounded by an ocean of free soil. Similarly
of habits and institutions, however, had already
given us attachment to the South. Commercial
relations had bound us together. St. Louis and
New Orleans wore linked together by that gieat
stream whose waters again must cement and' har-
monize the people upon its shores. When war
came, and these bonds of attachment springing
from interest, were brought in contact with' th*
purer affection of our people for the Union, they
were snapped as tender cords. That mystic tie,
made strong by the memory of the past, and
stronger still by the hopes of the future, would ■
not yield to the appeals of interest. Patriotism 1
triumphed over all other considerations. Ourpeo- i
pie linked their fortunes with those of the Union.
They have mingled their blood with yours, and
have given their wealth to the common cause.
Regardless of consequences, they staked life and
property upon the issue. The sacrifice of both
is beyond the bounds of belief. Whatever may
have been the consequences of a different course
of action on our part, the course pursued must
commend itself to the patriotism and liberality of
the nation at large.
As a result of the war, the value of slavery as
an institution in the State has been greatly im-
paired, if not entirely destroyed. To save the
Union, we of Missouri have sacrificed every earth-
ly consideration. We have lost property beyond
$100,000,000 111 value. We have exchanged af-
fluence for want, lived as exiles from home, and
loved the flag still better in the midst of our ca-
lamities.
The decree has gone forth that slavery must
be destroyed. It is needless to argue that Mis-
souri is beyond the limits of thisdecree. It is not
beyond the influence of your past legislation; nor
is it beyond the influence of events far more pow-
erful than acts of the lawgiver. To my mind
it is perfectly clear that slavery will, sooner or
later, cease to exist in the American Union. If
a separation takes place, it may linger for some
years in the confederate States; but 111 any event,
its doom is sealed in the border States. This war,
whoever may be responsible for it, has precipi-
tated this thing upon the country. No just or
generous Government will ask its loyal citizens
to suffer from the casualties of war, when a rem-
edy is withm its reach.
But, sir, there is another reason why this appro-
priation should be made, and the question of sla-
very forever settled in Missouri. It is the best
possible economy for the Government. For nearly
two years armies have been meeting in hostile
array upon our soil. It has been the theater of
war on a large and a small scale. At tunes we
have been in danger of entiie subjugation by the
rebel hordes from the South, acting in concert
with the rebellious element in our midst. The
idea of forcing Missouri into alliance with the se-
ceding States is, and ever has been, based upon the
existence of slavery in the State. No rebel in Us
limits to-daygives any reason for the faith within
him, except the designs of abolitionism upon the
institutions of the slavehokhng States. The pre-
text for resistance to the Government is always
based upon some undefined belief that, by over-
throwing the Government, slavery may become
permanent, whatever the laws of morality or in-
terest may dictate; that the proper condition of
the African is that of a slave; and that this con-
dition will thus be insured. It is also pretended
that the permanency of the Government involves
universal equality, places the negi 0 upon the same
level with the white man, and clothes him with
social and political rights, and that this war is
waged for the purpose of accomplishing these
cuds. These arguments might be properly in-
scribed upon the banneis of eveiy rebel invasion;
for without them their armies would soon become
demoralized. Take away these, and the very soul
of courage is withdrawn. No further appeal can
be successfully made to arouse the passions of the
; ignorant or the pride of the selfish. Whatever
! may have been the true cause of this rebellion in
! the minds of leading men who originated it, the
I fact is beyond dispute that questions connected
. with slavery and the condition of the negro were
j alone used to drive the masses into open treason.
! On tiie 2Gth of December last, Jeffetson Davis,
! the President of the confederate States, made a
speech at Jackson, Mississippi, before the Legis-
; Liture of that State, in which he is reported to have
■ used the following language:
Oii thf othei ^tde of the river en puKpoct-' ase brighter
than over beioto, and eie louche hoped tint we would be
enabled to pioelann Missomi nee. Keniuckj, too, was an
objrrt of solicitude to him, and be or hoi gallant
pfiplfi m the kindest and mobt commendable ten-is/* ;
From what springs this obligation that seems |
to rest upon Mr. Davis to " free" Missouri—in .
other words, to drag her, against her will, into a ,
hated and slavish alliance with the confederate \
States? Why does he not promise freedom and |
deliverance to Illinois, that lies by her side ? Why j
is Kentucky *• an object of solicitude," when the ;
wealthier States of Ohio and Indiana receive no I
kindness or commendation at his hands ? What- I
ever may be said against Mr. Davis as a treason-
able conspirator against the peace and honor of big
country, all must admit his peculiar fitness for the
bold and desperate work he has undertaken. It is
as much our duty to learn wisdom from our ene-
mies, as to remember and profit by the lessons of
experience. If the mere existence of African
slavery m these States encourages the sagacious
leader of rebellion to persevere in the hope of se-
curing their revolt, and final enrollment among
the seceded States, its removal, in a peaceful and
legitimate way, may be regarded by a Government
of equal wisdom as the best means of ensuring
their peace and continued loyalty.
If this measure be passed, and the Legislature
act in accordance, the war is over in Missouri.
The position of the State is unalterably fixed.
Tieason,deprived ofitsnourishment^wil! sicken
and die. The generosity of the Government, dis-
appointing the predictions of the disloyal, will
ner\e the arms of loyal men, and furnish an
argument whose moral power will equal a hun-
dred thousand men. Peace will return, in my
judgment, to that distracted State. The confed-
erates, regarding its adherence to the Union as a
fact accomplished, will sullenly retire from its
soil. Its incorporation as a member in the con-
federate States would no longer be desirable. Its
institutions would be dissimilar, and its anti-sla-
very tendencies would be thought dangerous in
the new organization. The troops now stationed
in Missouri may then be withdrawn. The mil-
lions yet to be expended in supporting the mili-
tary establishment in the State will be saved to
the Government, or may be used in effective op-
erations against the seceded States. The war it-
self will be shortened as the area of hostilities is
diminished. The forces will be increased within
this smaller theater, and success rendered more
certain.
Another argument may be presented. If the
misfortune of disunion should come upon us, how
necessary to the welfare of both that the great
State of Missouri shall remain with the loyal
States. While she cannot reach her destiny with-
out them, with them she is soon to be an empire
in all that gives true greatness to nations. The
fertility of her soil surpasses that of the Genesee
or Mohawk valley of New York. Her mount-
ains are composed of solid iron; her hills are
filled with lead; her prairies underlaid with coal.
Over her soil passes the road to the Pacific. The
Missouri river, navigable almost to the boundary
line of Oregon, sweeps through it fiom west to
cast, and mingles its waters with the Mississippi,
that makes its entire eastern boundary an inland
sea. The defection of Missouri might involve
the ultimate loss of Kansas, the Indian territory,
and New Mexico. Its influence might extend
even beyond the range of the Sierra Nevada. Let
Missouu be once anchored to the Union and the
doors opened to labor, that it may come and de-
velop her resoutces, and soon her wealth and
population will make that Union strong. What
is the pitiful sum demanded when compared with
the results to follow? Less than two and a half
centuries ago, the Mohegans demanded twenty-
four dollars for Manhattan island. The money
was paid and the title passed. I hope the wisdom
of the present day may be at least equal to the
sagacity of that.
Is there a Senator here who says slavery is the
cause of this war? Then must he vote for this bill.
If slavery be the cause, no peace can be permanent
while the cause remains. Our rivers arc red with
blood, and a national debt of $1,000,000,000
oppresses our energies. And the end is not yet.
Scarcely any slaves are yet free. The past is full
of bitterness; the future is full of gloom. If this
be the cause, and the cause must be removed be-
fore peace can come, then I am sure this is the
shortest, the best road to peace. You may com-
plain of the price demanded, now that slavery is
partially destroyed, and the residucin danger; but
I have always feared that this price wouid have
to be paid in the end. The price of the Sybilline
books was not reduced when two thirds of their
number had been destroyed. A war to remove
slavery, making this the object, might terminate
even worse than the effort of Phillip to remove
Protestantism from the Netherlands. Mr. Pres-
ident, this is the cheapest, it may be the only,
plan to save the country.
Mr. President, I can say nothing upon the con-
