1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be called out by the President of the United States a* au-
thorized by law, the same shall be organized into compa-
nies- and regiments by the Governor ot s-uch Suite, s-ubjeci
to tin1 regulations e^tfibl i^lied by I he President of the United
Ptates in pursuance with existing law, and the company,
field, and Matt' officers of the loices so oiganized shall be
commissioned bv such Governor a« now provided by l.i\v
lor conunisMonins oiliceisi foi the volunteer ioices : Pio-
vided, That such militia shall not be called out Cor a penod
of more than one ye.u : J3ml provided J ui I her, That thu
President of the United State* in calling out the militia shall
apportion the number from each State acooulmg to popula-
tion, having regard lo the number oS volunteers, 01 militia
aheady furnished by the States respectively.
Sfc. 8. Andbeitfurther enacted, That ^nch of the volun-
teers and militia now in the seivieoot the United States. as
may reenh-t to serve one year, unless sooner di^ehaiged,
alter the expiration of their present teun of f-eivice, shall
be entitled to a bounty ot fifty dollars, one half of which to
be paid upon such lecnlMment, and the balance at the ex-
piration ot the term ot rcenlistmcnt: and micIi as maj re-
enlist to sei ve foi two yeais, unless sooner iii>chai«e<l, after
the expiiation of then present teun of enlistment shall re-
ceive, upon such lecnlistmeut. twenty five tioliau-. of the
§100 hountv tor enlistment provided by the fifth section of
the act apptoved 20d ot July, 18151, entitled 'vVn act to au-
thorize the employment of volunteer to aid m enforcing
the law-* and pioteetm<r public piopeii}."
Sec. 0. Jind be it furlhei enacted, That any officer absent
fiom duty with leave,excepttoi -ickncss or woundsshall,
dm imr his absence, iceeive half ot the pay and allowances
pi escribed by law, and no more; and any ollieei absent
without leave shall, in addition to the penalties piescnbed
by law oi a couit-mauial, forleit all p:ij or allowanees dui-
ing tueh absence.
Sec. 10 And be it fuither enacted, That the commanders
of legiments and of batteries in the field are hereby author-
ized and empowered to «iant fuilouglks for a peuod not ex-
ceeding thirty dnys at anyone time to five per eent. of
the non-commissioned officers and privates, lor good con-
duct in the line of ditty.
Sfc. 11 +1nd be it fuither enacted* That the pay of the
piivates m the reguiai Aimv and volunteei-, and militia in
the service ot the United State? shall be tuteen dollars per
month fiom ami aftei the 1st day of Muieli, 1 d6ii, until other-
wise provided In law.
Mr. DAWES. Before the question is taken
on the substitute, I appeal to the House to allow
me to modify the original bill. The gentleman
who objected a while ago withdraws ins objec-
tion.
JVJr.OLIN. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. ' 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon the udopiion of the substitu'e.
The yeas and nay? were oideted.
The question was taken; and jt was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—M>«r.rs. William Allen, Ancona, Diddle, Con-
way, Corning, Cox, Cravens, Ciittendeu, Delapiaine, Eng
lish, Fouke, Cianger, Hall, IJ.udim;, llolmau, John-on,
Keingan, Killmgei, Knapp. Law, IMailory, Maj-, iMenzies,,
Morns, Noble. Norton, Nug'Mi, Pendleton. I'uee, James S.
Rollins, Shiel, Smith. John H. Steele, William G Steele,
Stiles, Voorhees, Wa'dsworih, Waid, Whaley, Chilton A.
While, Wood, VVooihnir, Wii-jUt, and Ye.unan—
NA YS—Me^sr>. Aldi ich, Alley, Arnold, \-hley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxtei, Hearnan, Binchain, Jacob B Biau. Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, William G. Blown, Uutlinton. Calvei t, (Camp-
bell, Ca~-e\, Charnlierlain, Clark, Colfax, Fiedeiiek A.
Conkhtnr, Ro-eoe Conknng, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, De-
lano, J)iven, Dunn, Edgeiton, EdwauN, P.liut, Ely, Fen-
ton, Samuel C. Fessemlen, Thuinas A. D T'-ssend* n,
Fisher. Flanders. Franc hot. Fi aek, Good). Goodw in. Gut-
ley, Ilahn, Hale. Hanr-on. liiekman, Hooper, Hoiton,
Ilutchnis. Jitlt.ui, Kellev, Fiance W. Kellogg, William
Kellogir, Laiismjr, Laze.u, Lehman, Lix.nn-., l.ovo-
joy, Low, Melmloe, McKean, MeKnight, MePhei-on,
Marston, Maynatd, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P. Moirill,
Ju tiu S. IVIuirill, Ohn, P;itt<m, Timothy G. Phelps, Pik>',
Ponterm. Poi tor, Alexander 11. [hen, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edwaid II. Rollins, Saigent. Sedewiek, Shanks, ShetTield,
Shellabaiger, Sheiman, Sloan, Stevens, Str.itton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Francis TUoma-, 'l'rain, Tumble, Tiow-
bridgc. Van Ilotn, Van VVvck, Veriee, Walker, Wall, Wal-
lace, Walton, VVashburne, Welister, Wheeler, Albeit S.
Whitej Wil-on, Windom, and Woreostei—101.
So the substitute was not adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COYODE stated that Mr. Odell had been
taken suddenly ill, and that he [Mr. Co\ode] had
paired off with him.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accoidmgly read the third tune.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie ordcied.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Aldtidi, -\lley, Arnold, A-hley,Babbitt,
Ba.ii>, Bakei, Baxtei, Beaman, Bimrhum, Jaeult B. Wan,
Samuel S Blair, Biake, William G Br>'wn. Bn flip ton, Cal-
vei t, Campbell, Casey. Chamberlain. Claik. Colfax, Fieil-
etiek A. C<>i)Ki!i)Lr. Roseoe Coiiktinc. Cn-tnld. Cutler,
Davi--, Dawe-, !)<;[,mo, Diven, biinii, iM^eitoii, EdvvauU,
Ebot, Eh. Fenton, Samuel C. Fe.-vrii>h n. Th'in.a- A. I>.
F<'s-eiideti, Fi-hei, Fland"is, Fianeliot, Fi-nik. Gooeh,
Goodwin j Gt ang« i Gm ley, Ilahn, ff.ugiit, llale. Iia> i i-on,
Hickman, lloopei. Ilorton, UutchuH, Julian. Kellev. Fian-
cis W Kellogg, William Kellogg, Killnmei, Lansing. Lea-
ry, Lehman^Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, iVJelndoe. M< Kean,
j\l< Knight. M'-Phcison Maynard, Mitche'l. Aloor
head, Anson P. Morrill, Justm S. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Pat-
ton, Timothy G. Piielps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Alexander
II. Itice, Joim II. Iliee, Riddle, Edward IF. Ilolhns, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger,
Sherman, Sloan, Spanldmsr, Stevens, Btratton, Benjamin
F. Thotnas, Francis Thomas, 'l'rain,Trimble, Trowbridge,
Vandevei, Van Horn, Veiico, Walker. Wall, Wallace,
Walton, Washhurne, Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. White,
Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—115.
NAYS—Mc-m\-. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Clements, Conway, Corning, Cox, Cravens,
Cuttenden, Delaplamc, Dunlap, English, Fouke, Grider,
Hall, Ilaiduni, liolman, Johnson, Kenigan, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Malioiy, May, Menaies, Moiri5. Noble, Noiton,
Nugen. Pendleton, Perry, Pnce, Robinson, James S. Rol-
lins, Slue], John B Steele, William (3. Steele, Shies, Val-
lamiljrii.un, Voorhees, WadMVorth. Ward, Whaley, t^hllton
A. White, Wieklirte, Wood, Woodtufi", and Yeaman—19.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DIVEN stated that his colleague, Mi'.Vam
Vai.kekburg, was confined to his room by sick-
ness.
Mr. LANSING stated that Mr. Duell was
confined to his room by dangerous illness.
Mr, SHEFFIELD stated that Mr. Browne,
of Rhode Island, was absent with the Army.
Mr SMITH stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Potter; that he should have voted against
the bill,while Mr. Potter would have voted for it.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was pn<:sed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider oti the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of commiitecsforreports.
ELECTIONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
have printed the bill intioduced yesterday by the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. IIaiin,] to pro-
vide for the election of members of Confess in
Louisiana.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
EMANCIPATION IN MARYLAND.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana, from the select com-
mittee on emancipation, to which was referred
the bill of the House (No. 685) giving aid to the
State of Maryland for the purpose of procuring
the abolishment of slaveiy in said State, reported
back the same \vith amendments, and called the
previous question upon the hill.
Mr. CR1SF1ELD. Has tins bill ever been
printed ?
The SPEAKER.. The Chair understands that
it has not been.
Mr CR1SFIELD. I submit, then,isthisHouse
to take up and consider a bill ol this importance,
and for a purpose not asked for by the State of
Maiyland, without its being [united?
Mr. WHITE. I usk leuvf to withdraw that
repoi t, and to report another bill in lieu of it from
the same committee. The committee have in-
structed me to report a bill to aid the State of Mis-
soim in the emancipation of slaves therein.
Mr. HALL. I object to the reception of the
report.
Mr. YALLANDIGIIAM. I use to a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
propos<s to witkcbdw the icport, and report an-
other hill.
Mr/VALLANDIGIIAM. I object to Us with-
drawal, .ind my point of older is, that having re-
ported the bill according to the instructions of the
committee, he has no right to withdraw it. No
individual member of the committee could do it,
and the gentleman from Indiana ha* no more right
in that lespect than any other member of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WHITE. When I made the repoi 11 stated
that I was instiuctcd by the committee to repot t
back the bdl referred to them, with sundry amend-
ments. I adhere to that report now. as objection
is made to my withdrawing it. I demand the
previous question.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the following propositions, in substance, be
submitted to the people of Maryland: Fi^t, the
Government of (he United States will, upon the
pas-sage by said State of a good and valid act of
emancipation of all the slaves therein, and forever
prohibit slavery or involuntary servitude, except
as punishment for crime, to take tdFes twuhm two
years from and after the 1st day-of January, 1-863,
grant the sum of $10,000,000 of United States
bonds, redeemable in thirty years from date, bear-
ing interest, payable semi-annually at the rate ot
five per cent., to said State, for the purpose of
compensating the inconvenience, public and pri-
vate, occasioned by such emancipation; the said
bonds to be issued by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury under such rules and legulations as he may
prescribe, to make effective the provisions of the
act. Secondly, that in the event of the adopupnt
by the State of abolishment of slavery therein,
the Government of the United States will employ
ail reasonable means for the deportation of sueh
of the emancipated slaves, and for their settle-
ment or colonization in someplace outside of the
United States, as may consent thereto, so soon
as and whenever proper negotiations can be made
with any countiy for such settlement or coloni-
zation in a congenial climate, or within a reason-
able time thereafter.
The second section provides that the bonds shall
be redeemable out of moneys to be hereafter ap-
propriated by Congress, and shall be reimbursed
to the Treasury of the United States from the prop-
erty of rebels"confiscated to the Government by
the rules of war or by virtue of any act of Con-
gress, or from the proceeds thereof.
The third .section provides thatno compensation
shall be paid out of the proceeds of the bonds for
any slave hereafter to be imported or brought into
the State of Maiyland, nor to any person or per-
sons who may at any time have engaged in or in
any manner aided the present rebellion, or who
may in any wise have willfully given aid and com-
fort to the rebels, or incited or encouraged the pres-
ent rebellion, or openly manifested disloyalty to
the United States by words or acts, or who may at
any time have accepted and held any office, either
civil, naval, or military, under the so-called con-
federate States of America, or shall have willingly
taken the oath of allegiance to the so-called con-
federate States, or who may have willfully refused
to take the oath of allegiance to the Government
of the United Slates when thereto required by any
military or civil authority of the United States or
of said State of Maiyland.
The fourth section provides that the bonds shall
be dehvei able to the Govei nor of Maryland when-
ever the Piesident shall be satisfied that a good,
valid, and constitutional act of emancipation shall
have been passed by the Legislature thereof, irre-
peaiable unless by the consentof the United States,
and not sooner; provided such act be passed
within two years from and after January 1, 1863,
for immediate emancipation of all slaves within
the State, and containing an exclusion of the
classes of persons before enumerated fiom the
benefits of the compensation provided for in said
bill.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I rise to a point of oider.
It is that the bill makes an appropriation, and
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bonds provided for are
to be paid out of money hereafter to be appropri-
ated.
Mr. CRISFIELD. There is an appropriation
of bonds. w
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not listen to
the reading of the bill; but he lias ruled over and
ovei again during this session, that providing for
the redemption of bonds out of money hereafter
to be appropnated is not an appropriation of
money, but that an appropriation of bonds with-
out. such a provision is.
Mr CRISFIELD. I do not wish to argue the
point: but there is an appropriation of money to
meet these bonds, if theie is not, the bill is a
delusion.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman refer to
the section on which he bases his point of order.
Mr. CRISFIELD. ft is impossible to do that,
because the bill has not been printed, and 1 do not
know what section it is in. Let the bill be printed.
The SPEAKER. The only section of the bill
which seems to make an appropriation is the sec-
ond, which leads that the bonds shall be redeem-
able out of motleys to be heieafter appropnated
by Congtess. Is that the section to which the
gentleman icfers?
Mr. CRISFIELD. To that and to the preced-
ing section appropiiating the bonds.
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds nothing in
