1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
(he bill cxcept one section as to the bonds. The
bonds arc to be redeemed out of money to be
hereafter appropriated. The Secretary of the
Treasury cannot redeem bonds till after money is
appropriated for that purpose. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I raise another point of
order. That is that the bill makes an appropria-
tion of the avails of confiscation. I can only speak
from memory. I know nothing of the bill except
as it was read by the Clerk, and I have no means
of knowing-.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I withdraw the pre-
vious question, and move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until Thursday next.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I prefer that the Chair will
first decide my point of order. If the Chair will
allow me, I will state 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I do not want to debate the
subject except so far as it is necessary to under-
stand the point that I make.
The SPEAKER. All the debate that a mem-
ber is entitled to on a point of order is simply to
state the point.
Mr. CRISFIELD. All that I wanted to say
was, that if this bill should become a law, the
funds arising from confiscation could be at once
applied under u, without further legislation.
The SPEAKER. If the confiscation law re-
quires the money derived under it to be paid into
the Treasury, then the point of order is, that this
bill authorizes the use of that money; is that the
point of order?
Mr. CRISFIELD. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The point of order rests en-
tirely on the confiscation law. If it requires the
proceeds to be paid into the Treasury the point
is good. The Chair docs not recollect about that.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I have not got the statute
here. This thing has been sprung upon us sud-
denly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. White] has reported the bill, and has moved
the previous question on itsengrossmcnt and third
reading.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. 1 withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, and now 
The SPEAKER. The pointof order raised by
thcgentleman from Maryland has to be first dis-
posed of. The confiscation law to which the gen-
tleman refers provides that the proceeds shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States. The
Chair thinks the point of order well taken.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. What is the effect
of that decision?
The SPEAKER. The bill goes to the Speak-
er's table, if there is no other motion pending.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move that its con-
sideration be postponed till Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insist that, the bill
should go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I phall enter a mo-
tion to recommit the hill to the select committee.
I will call up that motion at another time.
The SPEAKER. There being no other mo-
tion pending on this bill, it will go to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the motion
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. 1 have not yielded
the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raises the point
of order, that in the absence of a motion the bill
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The Chair so decided the
other day; and moreover I know that for six
years past that has been the uniform custom
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects th e case
to which the gentleman from Ohio ref. rs. Theie
no other motion could be made, and while there was
no other motion pending the hill w< nt, as a mat-
ter of course, to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union If the re were no other
motion pending here, this bill would go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
bui the motion to recommit is pending.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Was there any
othm- motion pending at the time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
made a motion, but the Chair did not exactly un-
derstand what it was.
■ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think that by
this time the gentleman from Indiana will find out
what it is, unless he is very stolid, indeed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moved to recommit the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. When?
The SPEAKER. Immediately after the Chair
decided that he could not make the motion to post-
pone. The question is on the motion to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
that motion by referring it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I did move to refer
the bill to the same select committee; and on that
I demand the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit that the
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moved to recommit the bill; and that being a de-
batable question, if he claims the floor is enti-
tled to have it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That is true; but
the rule is equally well settled that if the member
who makes a motion does not claim the privilege
of the floor, the Chair can recognize another num-
ber.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
was on the floor all the time. But the gentleman
from Ohio iosc to a pointof order, and the Chair
was bound to lecogmze the gentleman from Ohio.
That, however, could not deprive the gentleman
from Indiana of his right to the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
fiom Indiana will say t'lat when he made the mo-
tion to recommit he demanded the previous ques-
tion, I will acquiesce.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
being debatable, the gentleman might have held
the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That I concede;
but if I wue lecognized by the Chair and sub-
mitted my motion, 1 cannot be cut out of that
motion by the gentleman from Indiana subse-
quently demanding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moved to postpone the bill after the decision of
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Mai yland. The Chair decided that motion to be
not in order, and that no motion, except a motion
to commit, was in order. The gentleman from
Indiana moved then to recommit the bill to the se-
lect committee. The gentleman from Ohio raised
a point of order while the gentleman from Indiana
was still on the floor; and after the point was made,
the gentleman from Indiana, claiming the floor,
would be entitled to make his motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on recommit-
ting the bill.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
K the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 55; as follows:
11 Y HAS—Miosis. Ahlrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
j i Haker, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel g. Blnir,
j' Blake, William C. ttrown, lUiffinfon, Campbell, Casey,
! j Chaml>eilain,ClaiK,ClemcnM,Coi,.i\\ Ficdcnck A. Conk-
I j liny, Ko^coo Coukling, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Diven, Ed-
II gerton, EihvanK Eliot, Ely, Teuton, Samuel C. Fo-^enden,
j; Thomas A. T) F^semlen, Fisher, Flanders, Fiank,Gooeli,
,: Guilc.t, Halm, Hut chins, Kelley, Lan.-ing, Lcarv, Lehman,
j r.oomi-, Lot'cjoy, Low, Mcliu'oe, MeKcan, McKmght,
!. Maynard, .Mitchell, Moorhead, JiMm S. Morrill, Nixon,
;! Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pouktov, Alexander ii.
'' Rice, John ii. Rice, Kiddle, JMwanl ii. Rollins, Sargent,
11 Sedgwick. Sheffield, Hhollabaraei. Sherm m. Steven?, Fran-
'] ei-> Thomas. Tiowbndjje, V'erree, Walker, Wallace, Albert
' S. While, WiNon, and Windom—"<5.
■: S—Mom.. William Alien. William J. Alien, An-
eoiuu Riddle, Calvert. Conway, (.'ox, Craven4?, Crisfield,
' Delano, Punlap, Dunn, Fouke, Guuiger, Uaight, Hale,
'1 Ilall, ilaidni", II.uu-on, Ilohnan, Johnson, Kerrigan,
Knapp. Law, hrr/eni, Mel'Hereon, Mai Ion, May, Menzics,
, | MoriNoble, Nnuon. Nuiren, IV11>, Portei, Pi ice, Robin-
son, James h Kulhns. Segar. Smith, John R. Steele, Wil-
| hum C. Steele, Snle-.. Benjamin I\ Thomas, Tiain, Trnn-
ble, ValiatKhdinin, W.ut-nvoilli, Ward, Web-tei,Wiekhfte,
Wood, Woodiuil, Woiee^er, and Yeaman—j.).
So the bill was recommitted to the select com-
mittee on emancipation.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. "WHITE, of Indiana. I urn directed by
the same select committee, to whom was referred
so much of the President's message as related to
emancipation, to report in part a bill to aid the
State of Missouri in the emancipation of slaves
therein.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a privileged
question. I voted under a misapprehension on
the last vote on which the yeas and nays were
called, and I move to reconsider that vote.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to lay that
motion on the table.
Mr. COX. On that I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] can have his motion entered
at this time.
Mr. HALL. I object to the reception of the
report.
The SPEAKER. On what ground?
Mr. HALL. I ask to have the bill read, and
then I will explain the ground of my objection.
The bill was read. It directs that whenever sat-
isfactory evidence is presented to the President
of the United States that the State of Missouri
has adopted a valid and constitutional law, ordi-
nance, or other provision, forthe emancipation of
all the slaves therein, to be completed on or be-
fore the 1st of July, 1865, and for the exclusion
of slavery thereafter, it shall be his duty to pre-
pare and deliver to the Governor of that State, to
he used in compensating for the inconveniences
produced by such change of system, bonds of the
United States to the amount of $15,000,000, hear-
ing interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
payable thirty years after date.
Mr. HALL. The objection that I have to the
reception of the report is this: the chanman of
the select committee on emancipation announced
that he made a report in part; this he has no right
to do from a select committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of oi dor.
Mr. HALL. The next question of order that
I raise is, that the chairman has, since the intro-
duction of this bill, undertaken to erase from it,
without the consent of a majority of the Com-
mittee, a provision which the committee con-
curred in; and 1 call upon him to state whether
that is riot so.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. That is a matter
between the chairman and his fellow-members.
I will say, however, for the satisfaction of the
gentleman, that the committee agreed on the gen-
eral principles of the bill, leaving it to the discre-
tion of the chairman as to certain details. I am
entirely authorized by the committee to make the
report that I have made.
Mr. 1IALL. I assert here, and the gentleman
from Indiana dare not deny it, that 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
himself to stating his point of order.
Mr. I1ALL. The chairman of the committee
has stated that he presented this as arepoitofthe
committee. I call upon him now to state whether
he has presented the report of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no light
to call upon the gentleman from Indiana  
Mr. HALL. The point is this, that the chair-
man has changed the report of the committee since
the bill was ordered to be reported.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appeals to the
gentleman from Indiana to know if he was in-
structed by the committee of which he is chair-
man to report this bill?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I reply that lam
instructed to report, the bill which 1 have reported.
Mr. HALL. I raise another point of order:
that this being a special committee, it is bound to
repoit the whole matter leferred to it, and cannot
report in part.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has just overruled
that point of order.
Mr. HALL. I refer the Chair to the Digest, to
show that the paper befoie a committee, whether
select or of the whole, may be a bill, resolution,
draft of an address,&c., and may eitheroriginote
with them or be referred to th'-m. Ifthey aie op-
posed to the whole paper, and think it cannot he
made good by amendments, they can reject it.
Now, a Senate bill was referred to the select com-
mittee. It has not reported hack that Senate bill,
but has undertaken to present here what is, in
fact, a substitute for it. I insist that it was the
duty of the committee to report back the Senate
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chaircannot permit the
