1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
the pulpit, it furnished such material for impas-
sioned eloquence that no divine could hope to
please when slavery should be no more. Were
it removed, all the learning bestowed upon the two
systems of American civilization (there never was
but one) would cease to be valuable. Sectional
pride could no longer boast superiority over north-
ern " mudsills5' or southern " savages."
The efforts of good men to calm the strife have
so far been wholly unavailing. From bad to worse
it has rapidly progressed, assuming every form
of mischief, and sowing the seeds of a thousand
ills. At last these seeds have brought forth then-
fruit. The upas $f rebellion spreads its poison-
ous branches over the whole land, and American
liberty droops beneath its shade.
Mr. President, if, in any manner, Missouri is
held responsible for this state of things, she now
presents her regiets. If it be charged that her ad-
mission into the Union gave origin to this unfor-
tunate feud, she may at least claim the honor of
fidelity to her pledge in the darkest hour of the
nation's existence. If it be said that slavery is
the cause of this rebellion, she answers by placing
slavery upon the altar of the country. Her at-
tachment to the Union is attested by the blood
of thousands of her sons yet red upon her soil.
Nearly every battle-field of the West has given
evidence of her determination to uphold and main-
tain it. With civil war raging m our midst, and
invaded by a fierce and insolent foe, who claimed
Missouri as theirs, our people rushed into the
midst of the stiife, and ceased not until the flag
of the Union had been planted upon every public
building in the State. And there 1 hope it may
continue to float, giving freedom, honor, wealth,
and security to the many millions seeking future
homes upon our soil.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the further consideration of this bill until
to-morrow, for the puipose of taking up the bill
to authoiize the consolidation of legiments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope this bill will not
be postponed. It seems to me that when we have
it up we had better endeavor to make progress
with it. We are probably quite as ready to pro-
ceed with it to-day as we snail be at any other
time. It is an important bill, and should be acted
upon speedily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSOLIDATION OF REGIMENTS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetU,
the bill (S. No. 4G2) to authorize the consolidation
of regiments and companies was consideied as ju
Committee of the Whole. It provides that when
the numerical force of any two regiments of vol-
unteers, or of militia of the same aim, from the
same State, in the service of the Umted States,
shall be less than the maximum prescribed by law
for one such regiment, the President may dnect
the consolidation of these two regiments. From
the two regiments so consol idated are to be selected
by the President the officers of the newregiment,
such selection being made on the recommendation
of a board of examiners appointed for that pur-
pose, and the remaining officers ate to be mustered
out of service. The consolidated regiment so
formed will retain the numbers or designations of
the two constituent legiments, and also the regi-
mental colors. When asnigk rrgimentof volun-
teers or of militiaof the same arm, irorn the same
State, is reduced to one half of the maximum num-
ber prescribed by law, the President may direct
the consolidation of the companies of such regi-
ment; but no company so formed is to exceed the
maximumnumberprescribed bylaw. When such
consolidation is made, the regimental officers are
to be reduced in proportion to the reduction in the
number of companies; and the regimental and
company officers of the new organization areto
be selected as before prescribed, and the remain-
der mustered out of service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
provision in the first section of the bill, which pro-
vides that 44 from the two regiments so consoli-
dated shall be selected by the President the officers
of the new regiment," ought to be amended. I
apprehend that the President has no authority to
appoint these officers, and that it is not competent
for Congress to give that authority. He might
possibly designate the officers of the consolidated
regiment from the officers of the old regiments;
but according to the provision of the bill as it
reads, the President might select any private in
either of the old regiments to command th^new
regiment. I apprehend that is not intended; but
the language of the bill is "from the two regi-
ments so consolidated, shall be selected by the
President the officers of the new regiment." ]
certainly think it is quite as far as we can go to
authorize the President to designate from among
the existing officers those who shall command the
new regiment. Iam quite sure it is going too far
to allow him to select from the men and supersede
the officers. It seems to me this provision should
be guarded in some way. I call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs to it. It strikes me that we ought not to
pass it in the shape in which it now is.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree
with the Senator from Illinois, if that is to be the
construction of it; but it seems to me that it can-
not be so. The language is:
" From the two regiments po consolidated shall be se-
lected by the Pi evident the office* s of the newregiment,
such election heme made on the recommendation of a
hoaid of examiner* appointed lot Jiial putpose, and the re-
maining officer-* shall be mu-tered "lit ot st'tvice."
I understand this to mean that when these regi-
ments aie consolidated, the President of the Uni-
ted States designates the colonel, the lieutenant
colonel, the major, and the captains and lieuten-
ants m the line.
Mr. CLARK. From the old regiments?
! difficult to do, and to meet the approbation of thle
! Army and of the country. In the first place,3
i have some doubts as to the propriety of cortsoli-
, dating two regiments that are reduced only to five
: hundred and some men. That is a very respecC-
• able regiment. The probability is that some gen-
i oraLrule will be established by the President or
\ the War Department on the strength of this law,
j by which all tl)e regiments beneath the number
! fixed here will be ordered to be consolidated. I
j want to have it done; 1 think it ought to be done;
I 1 know of cases where it ought to be .done; and
I if the Committee on Military Affairs have given
i1 that consideration to the subject tlmt they think
it deserves, I am content to acquiesce in the pas-
h sage ofthe bill; butl think it ought to receive very
|i mature consideration, and that we ought to have
j1 a full Senate before we pass it; for it is going to
lj affect the Army very materially, and will create
Ij an infinite amount of disgust among; the officers
i! who will be thrown out of the service by it. I
ij think, therefore, that we ought to have a full Sen-
jj ate, and we ought to maturely consider it before
II we pass upon it.
!j Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
|l something in the suggestion of the Senator from
j: Iowa that we should deliberate carefully in regard
ij to this subject, for it will create, perhaps, some
!! feeling amonj* the officers mustered out of the ser-
vice. But, sir, I think Congress, in the present
condition of the country, should do all it can to
make the Army as efficient as possible, and at the
( same time save to the Treasury all that can pos-
; sibly be saved, i suppose wc all agree in that. I
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. From the j! am willing to agree to any amendment that Sen-
ators may propose, to carry out more completely
the object ofthe bill. The bill was prepared with
a great deal of care, and was examined by several
military men before it was introduced here. Since
it lias been intioduced I have received letters from
some of the best officers of the Army warmly
commending it. I received a day or two ago a
letter from a corps commander, one of the beat
informed men, and one of the best organizers^ in
our Army, in which he expressed the opinten
that this consolidation would save millions of.doI 
lars to the Treasury; that it would add greatly to
the efficiency of the Army; that it would make
the regiments large and powerful; that it would
enable the Government to select or designate the
best and the most devoted officers we have in the
two regiments that are consolidated, he selects
such officers as a board shall recommend as the
fittest officers, and he musters the others out of
the service. If the word "designated" is bettei ,
than " selected," I have no objection certainly to 1
that. It is understood that we have in the coun-
try about eleven or twelve hundred regiments, ,
many of which are very much i*educed; some of i
them are reduced to two or three or four hundred '
men. The expenses, of course, are needlessly i
large for the number of men. Many of the regi- |
ments which have been reduced to two or two ;
hundred and fifty men have the full complement ;
of officers for one thousand men. It is believed
that if these regiments are consolidated, an an- ,
nuiil saving uf expendituie of from forty-five to
fifty million dollars will lesult to the country. If | Fervice to command the regiments thus consoll-
they fr're to be consolidated, somebody must select : j dated, and to muster out of the service a class of
she officers who are to be retained. The obiect ,! officers many of whom take occasion to be out of
rtujec
is, that when two regiments are consolidated a
board shall examine the field and company officers
of those two regiments, and on their recommend-
ation the President shall select the officers who
are to be continued in the servicc as the men to
command the regiment and its companies, and that
the other officers shall be mustered out of the ser-
vice. That is the object of the bill, and it seems
to me it is clearly expressed.
Then, sir, there is another provision in the bill
that when a regiment falls below one half of the
maximum number—that is, belowfivchundredor
five hundred and five 
Mi. GRIMES. The maximum is one thou-
sand iind ej^htv: is it not ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There arc
one hundied ami one in a company, and then the
field officeis. There was formerly a band attached
to each regiment, but tiny have been abolished,
and that reduces the number so much. The ob-
ject is to provide that when a regiment is reduced
below one half the maximum, the companies of
that icgiment may be consolidated. It may be
that only one regiment from a State may be in the
field where it can be consolidated, and it may be
reduced very much, and therefore it was thought
best to provide that companies of that regiment
should be consolidated; in which case they might
not make, perhaps, more than five or six compa-
nies; that the officers not needed should be mus-
tered out of the seruce; and that tho field officeis
    .nany < 
the Army as much as possible, or to be fretting
and complaining of the Government when they
are there. I believe that nearly all the leading
officers of the Army, those who wish to see it
efficient, will approve ofthe bill. I have seen es-
timates made by a leading military man that a
saving of $50,000,000 annually will be effected if
the bill can be carried out properly and justly.
While officers who wish to make the Army
powerful and efficient approve of the bill, there
will unquestionably be some complaints among
those officers who may be thrown out of the ser-
vice by it. It seems to me, however, to be bad
policy, indeed, in the present condition of the coun-
try, to maintain in the service double the number
of officers that we need. We have thirty line offi-
cii s in arCgimentof a thousand men; that is, sup-
posing the companies to consist of a hundred men.
I do not think that too many in that case; but when
a regiment is reduced to two or three or four hun-
dred men, it is ridiculous to retain thirty line offi-
cers. I think the Government should at once
direct, if possible, that the vacancies m the service
ni these reduced regiments shall not be filled up.
We ought to stop that at once. I am not anxious
to press this bill without having the full judgment
of the Senate upon it; for 1 desire it to have the
general support of the body; and lam willing that
it shall go over, if it is thought necessary, for that
purpose.
Mr. CLARK.
     -    I wish to call the attention of the
be reduced in proportion. You do not !| chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs to
' a case like this, to show the hardship with which
the bill might operate. Hero are two regiments
equally meritorious, we will say, in regard to their
officers and privates, both reduced in the manner
contemplated by this bill; both their colonels are
equally gallant and equally brave, and, perhaps,
want a colonei, lieutenant colonel, and a major, :
to command throe oi four hundred men, if they '•
are consolidated. ,
Mr. GRIMES. I hardly know of anything in j
connection with the Army that is more desirable '
than the passage of some act by which the regi
mcms shall be consolidated; and, at the same time, H have seen nearly the same amount of serricc per-
I hardly know of anything that is going to be so  t haps beeli in the same number of battles. Bf this
