360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
tion to allowing the Senator to withdraw the com-
munication > Tin.' Chan* hears none.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a wotd be-
fore it is withdrawn, as I made the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the withdrawal?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will object to it for a
moment, and for the purpose of saying a word
only. As I made the objection, I wish to say that
if General Meigs has any complaint to make, 01
wishes any investigation, and addresses a respect-
ful communication to the Senate for that purpose,
I, for one, will not only listen to it, but will, as
far as it seems to me ptoper,give him the benefit
of an investigation or an examination jf he de-
mands it; but it must be done in a manner that
is not disrespectful to the body. We certainly
should insist that a proper respect shall be shown
to the Senate of the United States, otherwise you
will have a wiangle here all the time. I do not
speak as to the individuals here, but in regard to
the body, and it was because 1 was struck with
the language of the letter as it was being road bv
the Clerk that I made the. objection. Now, sir, I
have no objection to the letter being withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not withdraw the letter, be-
cause, if he does, the impression wilt be that it is
a very bad letter. We cannot know what is in
the letter except so far as it has been read, and
to have it withdrawn now I think will lefleet on
General Meigs. 1 do not enter at all into any
tirade against him. As we havu i-ommeneed iead*-
ing the letter, I think we had better have the
whole of it read; because, if the country under-
stands that we got so fai with the letter, and could
not read any more, it will be inferred that it was
a very bad letter,and. 1 think,do great injury to
General Meio;s, when we do not design to do that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 have no
fear of doing any injury ro Geneial Aletgs by
withdrawing this lettei. If I was in the pKi<-r •
of General Meii's, I should, unquestionably, feel
deeply the accusations tiiat have been made hen-;
they go before the counti y; f hev go into the pei -
manent lecouls of (he countiy; inn I think lien-
oral Meigs or any other man—1 know 1 should—
should thank any one that would not have read a
hasty or imprudent lettei on the subject. I think
there is such an expression in that letter, and
therefore I wish to withdraw the letter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theie being no
objection, the Senator withdraws the letter.
Mr. LANE, of Katksas. 1 objeet.
The VICE PUESI DENT. It is too hue.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I obtained the iloor;
and when this matter is brought helot e the Senate
in the manner it is, I ask to be heatd at least for
a moment in explanation. 1 was on the flooi to jj
object. li
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no oh- \\
jection, the Senatoi will proceed. The Chair hears ;j
none. jj
Mr. LANE, uf Kansas. The Senator from |j
Massachusetts called up a bill. I asked him if ji
lie designed to press ii to a vote; and said to him j!
that I desired to discuss the bill. lie answeied J
me by piodueing a letter from a quai tennasier of ,
this Government. That is the answer 1 leeeived. p
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desue to correct the jj
Senator, lie said a little more than that. The !]
Senator said that he wanted to discuss it, because i|
he did not want to give Meigs the oppoitunity to jj
fill up the department with tt-utors.
Mr. SEIEltM AN. "More traitors.'"
Mr. FESSENDEN. "More traitors" were
the words he used.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I say that still; and
further, I say to the Senator from Maine and the
Senator bom Massachusetts that when the Sena-
tor fiom Kansas assaults any one either in the
Senate Chamber or elsewhere, however humble
the peisnn whom he assaults may be, he will al-
ways be ready to lespond to any demand that the
gentleman nuiy make. j
Sir, 1 should like to hear this letfr-r read. I ■
think it is due to the Senator from Minnesota, j
[Mr. WiLKLVbOi;,] as well as to myself, that it f
should be read. I refened yesterday to the de- j
nunciaMon, by the Senator from Minnesota, of I
General Meigs, as I had a right to do. I shouhj !
be glad to hear this letter read, or any other evi- j
dence that would tend to remove the suspicions j
1 liavo of the loyalty of General Meigs. It affords j
me no pleasure to entertain suspicions towards
any one; and I am ready to vote for any propo-
sition that will give to General Meigs an oppor-
tunity of cleansing himself from the suspicions
that 1 entertain, I know but little of him. The
suspicions I entertain are honestly entertained.
I regret that I do entertain those suspicions, but
they are in my heart.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The simple question is,
if the Senator has such a suspicion, should he, as
a Senator, here proclaim it to all the world; or
should he take the proper measures to bring the
officer guilty of those things to trial m some form,
make his complaint to the proper authorities, and
have him removed from hisolilce? Should the
Senator, here in the Senate of the United States,
upon a bare suspicion, unless he has a knowledge
himself of these facts, undertake to make the pub-
lic charge? That is the question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, it does
seem to me that the position that I assumed to-
day was a legitimate one, as a representative, j
The course that is pursued in the British Pallia- j
ment when confidence is lostin an administration, j
is to refuse appropi lations, and to refuse legisla- j
live enactments. This bill came befoie the Senate j
to-day, and 1 < xpressed the opinion that I had lost j
confidence in the oifieer at the head of tins depart- !
incut, and desiied to discuss the bill. 1 have lost ,
coniulence in him; and the Senator from Wiscon- ;
sin knows that L hate heiotofore expressed that
opinion weeks ago.
EXECUTIVE SESSION,
Mr.FESSENDEN. I movcthatthe Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January Ifi, 18G3. |l
The House met at twelve o'ci >ek, m. Prayer <
by the Chuplam, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton. ;
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved. '
1U3I,ATI0NS WITH GRANADA. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid |
helm e i he House a message from the President of j
the United Slates, in leference to our relations j
with th Republic of New Gianada; which was j
icferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and 1
oidered to be printed. I
KANSAS INDIANS. !
The SPEAKER likewise laid before the House j
a communication Irom the Secretary of the Into- !
iior, asking an appropi lation for ceitain Ottawa j
Indians m Kansas; which was r< fenod to the j
Committee on Indian Affairs, and oidered to be j
punted. i
1 CAPITOL EXTENSION. !
The SPEAKER also laid befoie the House a !
communication fi om the Secretai y of the I ntenor, !
inclosing estimates for the Capitol extension alia
the new dome; which was referred to the Com- !
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be j
punted. i
Mr. WA8HHURNE called for the regular or-
dt r of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular ordei
of business to call the committees for reports of 1
a private ehaiacter. J
1IJJXL AND COZZENS, AND OTHERS. I
Mr. FENTON,from tne Committee of Claims, !
reported a bill for the relief of Hull & Cozzens, '
and John Naylor & Company; which was lead ,
a first and second tune, lefei i ed to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany- :
mg report, oideiod to be printed. ;
CHAIILES A. PITCHER. ;
On motion of Mr. STEELE, of New York, j
the Committee for the District of Columbia was '
discharged from the further consideration of the i
petition of Charles A. Pitcher, and the same was ;
leferrcd to the Committee of Claims. [
JOHN C. McFERRAN. j
Mr. BUFFfNTON, from the Committee on i
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of j,
John C. McFerran, of the United States Army; !.
which was read a first and second tune, referred 1
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
FREDERICK A. HOLDEN.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Frederick A. Hoi-
den and others; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ovdeied to be printed.
*CAPTAIN STKVENSON'S ADMINISTRATOR.
Mr. DUNN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back a bill (PI. R. No. 647) for
the relief of the administrator of Captain Richard
Stevenson, deceased, and asked that it be put upon
Its passage.
The bill was read. It directs that there be al-
lowed to the administrator of the estate of Captain
Richaid Stevenson, deceased, late assistant quar-
termaster of volunteers in the Army of the Uni-
ted States, £3,000, an amount of money belong-
ing to the Cfovei nment of the United States in his
custody as such officer, which money was seized
and appropi lated in Kentucky by a band of guer-
rillas, while in charge of the express company on
the tram from Indianapolis to Nashville, Tennes-
see.
Mr. IIOSCOE CONKLING. Does the bill
make an appropriation of money?
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
it, u is simply a bill to allow a credit to an officer,
and that has never been held as an appropriation
of money.
Mr. DUNN. I ask that the report be read.
The report was read. The evidence in the case
shows that Captain Richard Stevenson did, as as-
sistant quaitet master of volunteers at Nashville,
Tennessee, while he was temporarily at Indian-
apolis to attend the funeral of a sister, exchange
on the 10th day of May, 1862, §3,000 of Treasury
notes, of a large denomination, for small notes in
order to use tlie latter m making change at Nash-
ville, in his tiansactions as quartermaster. The
Tieasury notes belonged to the Government,and
were in his possession officially. He stated, when
he made the exchange, that he intended to send the
bank notes to Nashville by express, in#order to
insure a safe transmission. It appears, further,
bv the affidavits of the money clerk and messenger
of Adams s Express Company, that three pack-
ages of $1,000 each, directed to Captain Richard
Stevenson, were on the lUth of May received by
that express company at Indianapolis, and that
while m the eouise of transmission from Louis-
ville to Nashville the bag containing them and
other money packages was taken near Cave City,
Kentucky, by rebel guerrillas under Captain John
Morgan, who captured the railroad train, and that
none of the money was recovered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and was accordingly engrossed and
read the third time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the bill
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DUNN. This bill was introduced by my
colleague, [Mr. Porter.] The facts are these:
Mr. Stevenson, assistant quartermaster of the
United States, sent ^3,000 by express from In-
dianapolis to Nashville, considering it safer to
send it by express than to carry it about his per-
son. It will be remembered that the road from
Louisville to Nashville was, at that time, in the
military possession of the United States, and was
supposed to be well guarded, as well guarded as
the circumstances of the Army at that time per-
mitted. The evidence shows that while this
money was in course of ttausmission on the rail-
road, iii care of the express company, the train
was attacked by an armed band under Morgan,
and the money bag containing those packages
and much other treasure was abstracted and taken
away.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker,
will the gentleman from Indiana state what he
undei stands the law to be as to the express com-
pany being liable to the representatives of this
ofiicer ?
Mr. DUNN. I understand the law to be that
expiess companies are not liable for money lost
by the acts of the public enemy. If it was an
'ordinary loss by an express company, no doubt
it would be liable, but 1 do not understand that
an express companyis liable under such circum-
stances as these.
