1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ROSCOE CONRLING. Undoubtedly, if !j
these common carriers lost the money, either by j'
the act of God or of the public enemy, they are
not liable; but I wish the gentleman to state, as it i j
may become quite important, whether this insur- l!
rection, letting loose upon the land, as it has done, ••
guerrilla bands, (for I understand this is not<juit« ||
as strong a. case as If a partof the rebel army had !j
taken it,) puts those who lose money as common j'
cairieis in the same attitude as they would hold i;
if a foreign war was raging?
Mr. DUNN. I suppose that this rebellion,
though not a foreign war, has taken all the pro-
portions of a foreign war. I understand that John
Morgan had a large force acting underpins au-
thority, and that he held a commission from Jef-
ferson Davis.
Whether this is a foreign war or not, it hasb^en
found to be as unsafe to tiansmit money or other
property as itever was in any war,in this or any j!
other count', y. I legrot that my colleague [Mr. jj
Porter] is not here, tor he knows the paities per- |,
sonally, but I was afraid that I might not soon ■!
haveanotheroppoitunity of reporting the bill, and \\
I hope the House will now pass the bill.
Ml. WICKLIFFE. This is an application, if
I understand it, to reimburse an officer of the Gov- !
ernment for money lost m transportation, while
under the cluuge of an express company. It is j.
a case where the tram was intercepted by what 13
called a band of guerrillas. This man, John Mor- ;■
gan, is no guerrilla. He generally carries with ij
him a force of two thousn nd men—flying artillery. !
If it be right that an officer shall be indemnified
for Government money taken from him by the <j
enemy in time of war, then this is one of the eases i!
in which that indemnification should be made. ]
This same force has entered 110 less than thirty
post offices in Kentucky, ayd taken the public '■
money that was in the hands of the postmasters at i
the point of the bayonet and muzzle of the pistol. 1
The postmaster of my own town was robbed the j
other day, and every thing that he had in the shape ' I
of money, postage stamps, &c., to the amount of ;j
§375. was taken. He had ninety dollars of postal jj
currency in his possession which he would not |i
give up. He was taken prisoner, and would have •[
been carried to the South if he had not given up !!
this ninety dollars. He held out as long as he i!
could, and at last made a bargain with thorn that i!
he would give up the money if they would letui n ij
the postage stamps. If public officers arc not in- .;
demnified in cases of this kind, we will find no ;
responsible men to fill such offices. I know noth- 1
ing about the facts in this case, except thai I rec- '[
ollect hearing of the train being captured about that '[
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that the jj
case put by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Air. j;
WickuffEjJ dlifers from the case now under con- :!
sideration. In the case put by the gentleman from !
Kentucky, the postmaster had his funds where, |
by law, he was supposed to have them, and ought j
to have them; that is, in his office. But, in this j
case, the officer had his money in charge of an i
express company, as I understand. The point i
which I wish to brmg to the attention of the gen- !
tleman from Indiana is, whether that was such a ;
disposition of the public money as he was author- .
ized to make. Did he put this money into the j
hands of the express company of his own choice, I
and take the rusk upon himself? Was that the S
legitimate mode; was it the proper mode for him j
to transmit his official funds? If so, then he should
be indemnified. If not, then, as a necessary con-
sequence, he having chosen that mode of trans- jj
mitting the money, and it being lost, he should 1.
be, of course, held responsible. The gentleman
will understand at once, that we must hold pub- 11
lie officers to a strict measure of accountability; \
otherwise we leave open a door for a vast amount jj
of fraud, under ihe gujse of lobbery, piundei mg, !
pilfering. How easy would it be m this country !
foi an official to collude with parties who should
come under the gui.se of guerrillas, and seize his 1
money in transitu, divide it with them, and then ■
come to Congress and ask to be reimbursed. We !'
must guard this thing very rigorously. I call j,;
the attention of the gentleman from Indiana to ,!
this point, and ask him whether this was a proper j|
mude for the transmission of money. ii
Mr. DUNN. I think that the experience of ■-
every one who has had charge of the tiansmisssion jj
of money, either as banker or aa public officer, is u
that the safest mode is to send it by express. It
is the custom of officers of hanks, at least in my
part of the country, when they are traveling with
money, to place it in (he hands of the express
company, and paying the expiess charges for it,
rather than to carry it on theii own persons. I
think that is also the experience of every one in
this House who has had the responsibility of car-
rying large sums of money.
f wish to say, also, that it is the custom of the
Government to transmit large sums of money by
these express companies to paymasters and other
officers all over the Union. I think the action of
the Government will justify the officers of the Gov-
ernment in doing the same thing. There can be
no doubt of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana, that ordinarily his state-
ment will apply; but w.ill it apply to the case of*
an express that is carried over a road known to
be infested with hostile hoidcs? What was the
duty of the officer when he had public moneys to
carry? To ask the Government to supply him
with an escort to protect him. if he made such
an application, and the Government failed to give
it to lum, then the Government would be respons-
ible for Hie loss of public moneys.
Mr. DUNN. I belie\e that it would have been
the duty of this officer to ask for a proper escort
to protect and guard these funds, if it had not been
that they were to be transmitted over a road that
was under the mihtai y protection of his own Gov-
ernment. lie could not reasonably expect that
he would ne<>d a special guard or an escort to pro-
tect these funds, as the transmission was over a
road which was then under tlv military sunei-
vjsion of the Government, and which the Gov-
ernment was holding out to the public as safe.
M t. "WlGKLl L'FE. Let me make a statement
of the fa'is, which I learned from the president
of the road. At the time the raid was made upon
this road it was under the military protection of
the Government of the United States. A guard
of United States troops was placed along it suf-
ficient, it was consideied, to resist all attacks made
against it.
Mr. DUNN. My information is, that there was
a military guard upon e\ery train. You know
the difficulty of pt otecung a lung line of 1 oad like
that; and unless the Government will extent} in-
demnity to her offieers m cases like thr-?, ewry
one of them, intrusted with public fumK. may be
liable to utter and metriewihie rum. When the
Government has encouraged travel and transpoi-
tation o\er this 1 oad then under its own protection;
and when it has not sufficient power to protect the
The House will remember that the law, appli-
cable to common carriers now, as'for a veryieng
time past, is very rigorous. The carrier must
judge, at his peril, whetherupon a particular road,
at a particular time—no matter whether it is ex-
posed or defended—he will venture to undertake
the transportation of goods. Having received
goods thus to carry, the law compels him to be-
come their insurer—their insurer absolutely as to
all the world. There are two, and only two,cas-
ualties against which he does not insure: first, loss-
by the act of God; second, by " the p.ubHc ene-
mies. " The lawyers of the House will remember
that in treating this species of liability, in various
cases—in cases, for example, where horses have
been sent across the ocean, and where, in conse-
quence of storms and rocking of the vessels, they
have by kicking and biting destroyed each other-—
the courts have turned the distinctions with great
rigor against the common carrier. The definition
of the phrase " the act of God," has been al-
ways grudging to the carrier. So, too, in allow-
ing escapes from liability upon the ground that
the loss resulted from the act of the public enemy,
equal severity has been applied to the carrier.
Cases will occur to gentlemen aiound me illustra-
ting what I have said. Defenses of this kind have
fiom ancient days been the favorite and fraudulent
resort of this class of bailees.
Thegen tleman says that a guerrilla band, riding
through the country, a horde of moss-troopers
going to steal cattle or to prey upon settlements,
constitutes, pro hac vice,a public enemy. Perhaps
it does; but, sir, I think it a mild comment upon
the proposition to say that it is a question worthy
of judicial examination, and a question on which
some aiguments can be made on both sides.
1 know that it is said bv the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee of Way.-* and Means [Mr.
Stevkns] that, because the Secretary of State
blockaded their ports, he recognized the rebels as
a belligeient if not as an independent power. I
know thatcartolshave been signed and exchanges
of prisoners have been made; that those taken
with arms in their hands have been considered
and treated as captives of war—a phrase, sir,
i which I think has become confused in its mean-
j ing; for negro slaves are to be treated as captives
! of war, which would make them exchangeable.'
Suppose we ha\p recognized them, and suppose
! the magnitude of the war has made it a public
I war, what then ? At what time did the insurgents
j become public enemies ? At what time did rcbel-
• lion take on all the forms of a public war, subject
1 to the law of nations ?
i I am going to contend, if a bill shall be brought
road, how, with any reason, can we hold a pub-.1; forwaid now in charge of a committee, that at no
1.. 1.-.-., 1 ..Ki h tini'->, never up to this moment, have we recog-
nized our internal foes as public enemies; that
they are not our public enemies, and are not en-
titled so to he treated in the legislation or juris-
prudence of the country. I will not discuss it
now. I want merely to suggest to the gentleman
and the House that, although the amount is small,
yet the point is precisely and directly presented
whether the rebels are public enemies, and whether
this House shall solemnly, even on private bill
day, and by only a private bill, recant its uniform
utterances, and estop itself ny assuming that reb-
els in arms are public enemies, and thatguerrilla
hands are public enemies in the mtei national sense.
I do not believe it; and the question is at least
worthy to be passed upon by the courts, and the
court of demur resoit.
Mr. DUNN. Let the affidavits in the case,
from the Louisville express office, be read.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
lie officer responsible for such a loss? Ought wo
to hold him responsible for aloss which the Gov-
ernment promised to guard him against, but which
it failed, with all of us power, to guard him against.
I think no officer ought to be held responsible
under those circumstances.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
have no disposition to retaid this claim if it is a
meritonous one. In amount it is comparatively
unimportant; but it strikes me—and I wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact—that it in-
volves very impoi tant questions. First, whether,
upon all of the facts as shown, as between the
claimant and the express company, and the claim-
ant and the Government, a case of equity in truth
exists. The gentleman says that the money was
exchanged for bills of smaller denominations,
only for the convenience of the quartermaster 111
making his payments. That may he; yet we
know "that in many cases a motive different from
that loads to exchange* with a bank, by which its
own cuculation goes out. However, pei haps the
House is bound to assume that the motive and rea-
son of the exchange were as stated, The Military
Committee has dealt carefully with the case, no
doubt, and it may be no more than right to assume
that all the fucts are before us. Grant the ques-
tions of fact to be with the claimant; giant that
he was innocent m procuring the bank bills, and
careful m selecting the mode of transmitting them,
and then a question of law arises. Is the express
company, as a common carrier, liable foi the
money to the Government, if it was the Govcrn-
m< nr\s, to the quartermaster, if it was his? I con-
, Statt of Kentucky, County of Jefferson, ss:
I On tlu  21 ft day of Nevemboi, A I) 1862, personally
appeared hefoie me, a not.uv public wirlmi and for the
eount\ and State aforesaid, duly cunmii^iouej and quali-
fied, Valentine Rose. who. being bv me dul> sworn accord-
ing to law, d<^uw;« and says that he h the money clerk of
the Adams E.\pie?< Company, at Lou ibvtlle, Kentucky, and
was such on the lOtii day of May, A. 1). 1*62; that 611 the
!>aid day he, as such ciei k. recnv ed the scaled bag cor.tam-
in<? the mone\ packages tian>ported tlieieon by the said
company from Indianapolis, Indiana; that anions other
said) package contained in tiie &aid bug, tlieu: weio thiee
addrc-^ed to Captain It Stevon«on, Nashville, Tennessee,
and purpoiung to contain $3,000; that on the next day af-
liam placed the said package, with others, m a canvas bag,
which he eaiefulty seated up and dehvrncd to Ow<#n J. Can*,
nif^.M'ngrr of the said company then riunuu^ between
fess that I am not satisfied, upon the statement of j Louifeille, Kentucky, and Nashville, iennetsee, on too
. f. r , ' ,  railroad connecting the t>aid ciueh, to be tian&poited in his
the gentleman from Indiana, that the company has j; C|)a{ge to Na&uvuie, Tennessee. And farther this affiajit
any defense. UsaiUinot. KGSE.
