1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I agree, Mr, Chairman, that persons who own
several vehicles and are in the business of carting,
employingothers under them to do the work,ought
to pay something for a license to carry on their
business. But 1 think this tax would be found to
be a great hardship on poor men owning but a
single old horse, perhaps, and a cart, and make
a scanty livelihood by carting. Sometimes they
are men who are not able to work at laboring
work—persons who are infirm. Perhaps some
wounded and disabled soldiers who come back
from th*e field unable to follow their former occupa-
tions will get into this business, and 1 do not want
them to be saddled with this tax. I think it right,
however, that thpse who keep half a dozen wag-
ons or carts in the business ought to be made pay
a license.
Mr. HOOPER. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, because I am in
favor of the original proposition. 1 see no reason,
when we exempt rich railroad corporations from
any tax on what they receive for transportation,
why we should tax these poor cartmenand wagon-
ers. I hope the amendment will not be adopted,
but that the original motion will prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on striking out the section,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by striking
out the thirty-seventh paragraph, as follows:
Hackney coachmen shall pay throe dollars for oaoh lirensc
Eveiy poison whose business it is to keep a hack, coach,
omnibus, or other eairiagc drawn by horses for the trans-
portation of passengers for hire, shall be regarded as a hack-
ney coachman under tins act.
We have already imposed a tax on the livery
stables where carnages and horses are kept. In
schedule A, section seventy-seven, we put a tax
upon the carnage, and I think it rather hard to
tax again the poor hackmen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
thirty-eighth paragraph,as follows:
Stallions and jack*, owner-! of, shall pay ten dollars for
each license. Evciy prison who keep* a male hoise or a
Jackass for the use ot man**, requiring or receiving pay
therefor, shall be required to lake out a license under this
act, which shall contain a brief description of the animal,
ib- age. and plaero! places where used ot 10 be used: Pro-
vided, That all accounts., notes, or demands, for the use of
any such hoi so or jack without a license, as aforesaid, Khali
be invalid and of no force in any couit of law or equity.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move to strike out the
word " male" in the one hundred and eleventh
line.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Mallory's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. FISHER. I move to amend, by striking
out the thirty-ninth paragraph, as follows:
Lottery-ticket dealer# shall pay $100 for each license.
Every person who sells or oilers to sell lottery tickets oi
fractional parts thereof, or token, certificate, or any device
representing, or inti-nded to repie>ent, a lottery ticket, or
any fractional part theieof, shall be deemed a lottery-ticket
dealer undet this act.
And inserting in lieu thereof, the following:
Lottery ticket dealers shall pay $1,000 for each license.
Every person, association, firm, or corpoiation that shall
make, sell, or offer hn sale, lotteiy ticket-, or fractional
parts thereof, or any token, certificate, or deviec represent-
ing or intended to represent a lottery ticket or any frac-
tional part thereof, or any policy nurnbei s, or shall manage
any lottery, or prepaie any scheme of lotteiy, or supeiin-
tend the drawing of any lottery, shall be deemed a lottery
ticket dealer undei tins act.
Under the paragraph in the bill, Mr. Chairman,
there would be great difficulty in reaching these
venders of lottery tickets. They are a class of
people whom I have had some experience of in
the State in which I reside. It is next to impos-
sible to catch them. Some four years ago there
was a lottery granted by the State of Delaware,
for which the contractors or grantees agreed to
pay the State the sum of $36,000 annually; and
in the procuring of the grant, they expended from
$50,000 to §100,000 in paying lobby agents and
persons to assist them. These people are amply
able to pay a much larger tax than even the one
which I propose in lieu of that recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means. The tax
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means is such a one as every State has imposed on
the dealers jn lottery tickets in the smallest way.
Unless you lay a heavy tax on these lottery deal-
era there is no use in taxing them at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Del-
aware will not be adopted. If wc impose so high
a license'as he proposes, its payment will be
evaded in every instance. No man would pay
the tax for the license. It will be seen that it is
proposed, in a subsequent portion of the bill, to
levy a tax on each ticket sold; and if it is desired
to impose any. very heavy tax or duty on the
business of lotteries, that is the proper place to
insert it. But if we wish to collect this license at
all we certainly ought not to make itcxceed $100,
and possibly'that is too much.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the tax from $1,000 to #1,100.
I think this class of people get off light if they arc
taxed this amount. They arc not a necessity, and
they are no luxury to anybody but themselves.
[Laughter.] They are the most money-making
people out of nothing. They create more out of
nothing than was ever done, except in a single
instance. I think you cannot impose too heavy
a tax upon them. I will go with the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] when we comc
to the other section, in quadrupling the tax on each
lottery ticket. Perhaps, however, $1,000 license
will do here, and so I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Fisher's
amendment, and if was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I move to amend
the fortieth paragraph, by striking out the words
" or brokers," where they occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to strike
out in the one hundred and thirty-fourth line
the words " who sell,"and insert instead thereof
the words, " whose business it is to sell." The
clause will then read:
Every person whose business it is to sell butchers' meat
at retail &hall be lrgaided as a butchei under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move further
to amend this paiagraph by striking out the first
proviso, as follows:
PiqcoJwU That no butcher having taken out hcensc,and
paid ten dollars therefor, shall be lequired to take out a
license as ictail dealer on account of selling other articles
at the same store, stall, or premises.
My reason for that is that the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue has construed the present law
in the same way.
Mr. POMEROY. If there has been a decision
of the Commissioner on the subject I think that is a
good reason for retaining the proviso, for it shows
there was doubt as to the proper construction of
the existing law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to insert
in line one hundred and forty-two, after the word
" dollars," the word " only," so as to make the
clause read, "shall be required to pay five dollars
only for each license," &e.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move further
to amend the same paragraph in line one hundred
and forty-two, by striking out the words " any-
thing in this act," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "any existing law," so as to make it
read, "any existing law to the contrary not-
withstanding."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRISFiELD. I propose to add to the par-
agraph a proviso that it shall not apply to a butcher
whose sales do not exceed $1,000 annually.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 have drawn an amendment
which I ask to have read. I propose to add at
the end of the paragraph, as follows:
Provided further. That no license shall be required of a
butcher whose annual f>ales do not exceed §2,000.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I think that amendment is
too large. { adopt the phraseology of the gentle-
man's amendment,putting theamountat $1,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " §1,000" and putting in " §2,000."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to strike out the
word " retail, "in line one hundred and forty, and
insert the word " sell."
The paragraph, as amended, would.then read:
Butcher's shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person whose businoss'lt is to selJ butchers' meat at retail„
shall be regarded as a butcher under this* act i-Provide^
That butchers who sell butchers' meat exclusively from a
cart or wagon, by themselves or agents, shall .be required
to pay five dollars only for cach license, any existing liy<?
to the contrary notwithstanding, and having taken out a
license therefor shall not be required to take oat a license
as a peddler for retailing butchers' meat, as aforesaid * pro-
vided fui ther, That no license shall be required of a hotelier
whose annual sales do not exceed $1,000. ' ■
The object of that amendment is this: there are
a great many farmers who are in the habit ofsell-'
ing their butchers' meat from their carts. They
sometimes sell by the quarter and sometimes by
the quantity, to be sold again, which might per-
haps be construed as selling at wholesale under
the general provisions of the act to which this bill
is an amendment.
I have another reason for moving this amend-
ment. There are a great many persons who drive
market carts and sell quarters of lamb, and sell
other things from their carts, to be sold a£ain. I
suppose, under a strict construction of the law as
it now stands, this would be a violation of the law.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I think thegen-
tleman from Rhode Island has assigned reasons
abundantly showing that this word should not be
stricken out. If there is any man, as he says,
who sells a quarter of lamb, and under the con-
struction given happens to escape this bill, all that
is clear gam. 1 hope the word "retail" will not
be stricken out. I believe the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue has endeavored to so construe
the law as it stands, very wisely, as I think, as
not to catch these exceptional cases, such as these
farmers who soil out of their wagons.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They are not
included as tin* law now stands.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. So I understand.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved that the
committee rise.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
31, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens
and Crisfield were appointed.
The committee agairulivided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes ^3.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. DAWES
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Colfax reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 770, to
amend the tax bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. THOMAS, of
Massachusetts (at thirty minutes past ten o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 96, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
Wlt'1- PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TURP1E presented the petition of Com-
modore W. D. Porter, United States Wavy, and
J. L. Jones, engineer, praying for an appropria-
tion to aid them in building a ship or ships on
their improved plan of armor, for sea or harbor
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of the religious Society of Friends,
within the limits of the Baltimore Yearly Meeting,
praying to bo exempted from the provisions of the
actforenrollingand calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Calamine,La
Fayette county, to Platteville, Grant county, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Kentucky, praying that provision may be made
for the paymentof claimsof citizens of thatState,
for forage and subsistence furnished to the troops
of General George W, Morgan; which was ordered
to lie an the table.
