THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
'Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of
die Legislature of Minnesota in favor of the ex-
tension of the pension lasv of 1862 to the sufferers
by the depredations of the SiouX Indians in their
late raid in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens
of Elizabeth, New Jersey, praying for an appro-
priation to facilitate the immigration of agricul-
tural laborers, mechanics, and others from Eu-
rope; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of the religious Society of Friends of
New York, and a memorial of the religious So-
ciety of Friends of Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
and Delaware, praying to be exempted from the
provisions of the "Act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
3VJr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the pay-
ment by the United States of the amount of the
territorial debt at the date of admission of Kan-
sas as a State into the Union, to be applied to the
paymentofthedirect tax apportioned to thatState
by the United States; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY", it was
Ordcrei, That the memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of New Mexico, praying that provision mav
be made lor the redemption of Hie Indian captives held m
wervitude in that Territory be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
ItEPORTB FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TURPIE. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred several petitions
from citizens of Iowa,prayingforthc acceptance,
as sufficient, of the proof taken by the agents of that
State to sustain its claim to the swamp and over-
flowed lands granted by an act of Congress, ap-
proved September 28, 1850, ask to be discharged
from their further consideration. The Depart-
ment of the Interior have applied a rule of con-
struction which obviates the necessity of any fur-
ther legislation on the subject.
The report was agroedjto.
Mr. TURPIE, from the Committee on Public,
Lands, askul to be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolutions of the Legislature
of Minnesota, accepting the donation of lands for
the endowment of an agricultural and mechanical
college, and of resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan, in favor of a grant of land m aid of the
construction of a wagon road from Copper Har-
bor,m thai State, to Fort Howard, in the State of
Wisconsin; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the hill (S. No.
544) to provide for the collection of abandoned
property, for the purchase of staples, and for the
prevention of frauds in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts within the United States, reported it with
amendments.
Mr.SUMNER, from the Committeeon Foreign
Relations, to whom wos referred the message of
the President of the United States of the 13th of
January, relating to an international agricultural
exhibition to be held in the city of Hamburg, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. No. 134) to facilitate
a proper representation of the industnal interests
of the United States at the international agncul-
turulexhibiuon at I lamburg; which was read,and
passed to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the Commute* on I'uhlic lands be dis-
charged irom the turther consideration of all MibjrrN re-
ferred to that committee during the last ami present M'hSioiw*,
and not acted on bj the committee.
UOKXIBSPONDENCK WITUEXGLiSII WOKKINOMEN.
Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the Hutted States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if in his opinion
not incompatible with the public interest, a copy of any
correspondence which mayhav* taken place between him
and workingnien in England.
PAYMASTERS, QUARTERMASTERS, ETC.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* and
the Militia be instructed to inquire how many paymasters, i
asiUtan? quarteromtfers-. and commissaries of Aiiixifstanee l
of volunteers are required by the public service, and as to
the propriety of limiting the*number of such ofiicers to be
appointed.
DISPERSION OF A CONVENTION IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso- j
lution, the consideration of which was objected to: j
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to in- j
vestigate the conduct of Colonel Gilbert, who, in command j
of a regiment of United States soldier-*, dispersed a Demo- j
cratic convention of peaceable citizens of the State of Ken- >
tucky, assembled at the capital of that State, on the 18th of !
Febiuary, 1863, for the purpose of nominating candidates for i
Governor and Lieutenant Governor and other State officers.
That said committee investigate all the facts connected
with the aforesaid aelion of Colonel Gilbert and the officers
and soldiers under his command ; and said committee are
hereby authorized to send for person* and papery to ex-
amine witnesses and that the} be authot ized to administer
oaths to witnesses; and thatsaid comnuttcc he authorized
to hold sessions in the State of Kentucky or elsewhere, and
to employ a reporter to uike down testimony; and that they
report, &c.
HOME FOR DESTITUTE NEWSBOYS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds have instructed me to
repoita joint resolution (S. No. 133) to grant a por-
tion of Judiciary or Armory square for a home for
destitute newsboys in Washington. I ask that
it be put on its passage at once.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Its object is to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to grant to Professor Joseph
Henry, Henry Baird,and John W. Forney, trust-
ees, and their successors, the use of a portion of
Judiciary or Armoi y square in the city of Wash-
ington, to erect thereon, free from charge t.o the
United States, a building suitable for a home for
destitute newsboys, ifit can be done without detri-
ment to the public interest. All expenses are to be
borne by the trustees in erecting, maintaining,
and removing the building; and it is to be i amoved
whenever the Secretary of the Interior shall re-
quire it to be done.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
\V. MAXWELL WOOD.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 96) relative lu the claim of W. Maxwell
Wood.
| The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
j lution was considered ns in Committee of the
1 Whole, ft is pioposed to instruct the Secretary
I of the Navy to reopen, examine,and adjust, upon
j principles of equity and justice, the ehum of Sur-
! geon William Maxwell Wood, for duty nay and
j tmviling expenses, incurred by his return from
| the East Indies under orders gi\en him by Com-
modore Armstrong, January 29, lb5b, until he
reported himself to the Department on hin return
to this country under those orders.
Air. GRIMES. I move to strike out all after
the word " be,** m the third line, and insert:
Authorized to allow to Surgeon William Maxwell Wood
the mileage that would he. legally due to hnn on his return
fiom the ila.^t India squ'idton undci oidcr- Riven lum by
Commodore Arm-non?, dated January 2'J, 1K>*.
This is; a IXousejoi.il resolution that was passed
at the last session of Congress and has lain here ,
upon the tab]** iu consequence of the absence of ;
Surgeon Wood elsewhere, and has not been j
called up. The joint resolution, as it eonies from i
the House of Representativi-s, iw<t on! v author- j
ir.es but directs the Secretary of the Interior to
adjust his account, and pay him mileage and what- j
ever else may be found to be due, and to settle it 1
upon just and equitable principles. 1 believe that !
the Senate has decided several times since i have j
been here not to pass bills of that description, but ;
to make the amount as specific as possible.
In 1857 Commodore Atmstrong was in charge ;
of the East India ileet and was taken sick. He
issued an order to Surge,;n Wood, who was the <
ileet surgeon of the squadron, on the 29th of Do- ;
cember, 1657. in the following words:
Hong Kong, Dcccmbcr 29, 1857. f
Sir: Having received orders to letuin to tin* United i
States hy the ovciland route, i do not fe *l competent to do |
*0, in my faihnghealth, without a niodical attendant Yen 1
will therefore transfer the medical chaige of this f?lni>, hy
the l^th of January, J858, to the senior av*n>tant surgeon, J
and prepare to accompany me hy the m xt ^ieamei. 1
I om, verv re^peetfuUv. your obedient servant. j
JAMES ARMSTRONG, '
Flag Officer Cominan&ing United States Nui-al Forccs ,
j£asf Jndia and CMf-ct Seat
And then avgain, on the 29th of January, 1858,
at the same place, he issued another order to Sur-
geon Wood, saying:
" Sir: You will proeced with me by the overland route,via
England, to New York, and upon my arrival at New York
you wdl report yourself by letter to the honorable the Sec-
retary of the Navy.'1
In pursuance of these orders from his superior
officer, which he was constrained to obey, Surgeon
Wood proceeded by the overland route, in com-
pany with Commodore Armstrong, from Hong
Kong to this country. When he reached here,
the action of the commodore was not approved
by the Navy Department, and Surgeon Wood,
was placed upon retired pay and deprived of his
mileage. This amendment merely gives him the
same mileage that any naval officer is entitled to
when he proceeds to any fleet or squadron, or is
sent from one part of the world to another in pur-
suance of orders from the Navy Department.
Mr. CLARK. I am not going to oppose the joint
resolution. The amendment certainly is very
much better than the original joint resolution; but
I should have been tery glad if the Senator from
Iowa had stated what the mileage amounts to,so
that we could know the travel and rate per mile.
I inquire of the Senator if he can state to the Sen-
ate what is the mileage allowed to a naval officer
under such circumstances?
Mr. GRIMES. We iixed it here last year in a
bill, I think at five or six cents per mile, i am not
prepared to say, so as to govern the opinionof any-
body, whatthemileageis exactly; butit is perfect-
ly well settled. The law fixes it.'We fixed itat the
last session of Congress and there cannot be any
controversy about it, because officers are sent back
and forth every week-—sent from this coast to the
California coast—and whenever one is sent', the
mileage he receives is perfectly well settled. It is
not congressional mileage; it is not constructive
mileage.
Mr."TRUMBULL.' The mil. age nf A! my offi-
cers is fixed by law.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the same as that of naval
olficejy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Army officers are al-
lowed mileage " when traveling on duty, where
transportation in kind is not furnished to them by
Government, not more than six cents per mile/'
" unless where an officer is ordered from a station
east of the Rocky mountains to one west of the
same mountains, or vice versa, when ten cents per
mile shall be allowed to him; and no officer of the
Army or Navy of the United States shall be paid
mileage except for (ravel actually perfoimed at
his own expense, and in obedience to oideis."
That is the law.
Mr. CLARK. It is said that that is certain
which ean be rendered certain. I should be glad
to know,before voting, what the aum will bp, but
we do not seem to get the information.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint res-
olution to be read a third time, ft was read the
! third lime, and passed.
j ADDITIONAL SUPREME JUDGE.
i ' On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill (S.
i No. 548) to provide circuit courts for the districts
! of California and Oregon, and for other purposes,
, was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
; Mr. LATHAM. I think i: \x only necessary
' to read the amendment,
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
! of the original bill will be dispensed with.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported an
i amendment in the nature of a substitute, to strike
: out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
Tiu't the Supreme Couit ut the United States shafihere
afiei ron^t 01 a Chief .Uts-nee and rune associate justices,
any mx of whom shall constitute a quotum; and for thi<
puipose there sha'l be appointed one additional associate
juatice of said court, with the like power-, and to take the
■•'.one oaths, perform the same duties', and be entitled totljf:
some i-alaiy, as the* oilier associate ju&tic<'s The distnct1?
of California and Oregon shall con>luutc the tenth circuit,
and the other circuits- shall remain as now constituted bv
law.
Sec. 2. *ind be it further enacted, That so much of any
actor aetsof Con?re s as vests in the district courts jn and
for die said .Sum 5 of California and Oregon, or either of
them, the power and jun-diction of circuit court*, and tl)£-
aetenntled (t An act to establish a ehoiiit eaurt of the Uni-
ted States in and i'or the State of California,5'approved
Mitfen 9? 1&55j be* and the sarac are hereby, repealed,, one
