362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Also, personally appeared before me, on the same day,
Owen J. Carr, who, being by me duly sworn according to
law, deposes and says that he is now, and was on the 10th
and 3111) days of May, A. D. 1862, a messenger of the Ad-
' ams Expiess Company,running as such on the railroad con-
necting the cities of Louisville, Kentucky, and Nashville,
Tennessee ; that he has hoaid the foregoing affidavit of Val-
entine Rose read; that on the 1 Uh day ol May, A. D. 1850,
this affiant received fiom the said Uo&e the sealed canvas
bag containing money packages, and among them the three
packages addressed to Captain R. Stevenson, Nashville,
Tennessee, and purposing to contain $3,000, to be trans-
ported to the said city of Nashville, as is set forth in the
said Rose?s affidavit; that on said last named day this
afliant started with the said bag and packages from Louis-
ville, Kentucky, to Nashville, Tennet-seo, on the south
bound train on the said lailroad ; that this affiant carried tlic
said hag and packages safely as lar as Cave City, Kentucky,
vvheio the said tram wa* captured by a rebel foiee, com-
manded by John Mot gan, and the said bag and money pack-
ages forcibly taken by the said rebels from thK affiant; and
that this affiant saw the packages aforesaid, addressed to the
said Captain Stevenson, opened by some of the said rebels,
and saw that the said packages contained a considerable
sum of money, but how much this affiant does not know,
and that no part of the said money luv> ever been lestoied,
•so far as affiant knows. And further affiant saith not.
OWEN J. CARR.
Subscnbcd and sworn to before me, on this 21st day of
r -j November, 1862, as witness my hand and notarial
L1" H*J seal the same day. JAMES A. B12ATT1E,
Notary Public for Jcjjerson County, XcntucLy.
State of Indiana. Marion County, ss:
On this oth day of Dticemhei, 18J-J, personally appeared
David Shaneberger, who beinsr by mi* first duly sworn, ac-
cording to law, depo.ses and sa\^, that on the (Jlh of May,
1882, hewa-s icccivmg ctctlc of the Adams express Com-
pany at Indianapolis, in the eouutv and Suite aforesaid ;
that on the said 9ih dav of May, IBii}, as such cleik, lie
received from Captain Richard Stevenson, United States
Army, three money package, -said to contain .$1,000 each,
addressed to said Captain Kichaid Stevenson, at Na-hville,
Tennessee; that on said day said affiant iee<. ipted for said
three package^, and immediately placed the in the
safe in the oliiee of ^aid Adams Expie-n Company in «aid
city of Indianapolis ; that this was all the dut\ m ic-pei t to
such packa cs winch lav within thedepaitmr'ntot >aid affi-
ant as such icceivingelurk aforesaid ; affiant fiuthet states
that the books ol the said Adams E\ptcs^ Compativ show
that said packages were shipped to Louisville, Kentucky,
on then way to Nashville, Tenne^cr j that such ontiy'i-
in the Jiandwnim" ot Martini. Oin, at that time hilfin«
clerk for said Adams E\pie-* Company; that-.aid Martin
L. Ohr is now in the seventieth icjjiment Indiana volun-
teers, in Tennessee; and Juithn --aith not.
0. IJ SllANEUERGER.
Subscribed and sworn toheioie me.anoiaiv public in
' r, „ -j and fur said county, tlu-> .Mil d.iv of Deeemho, A.
I> 8'J D. 18J3.
Witness niv hand and notarial sea!.
lUXJlNALN II. HALL,
Notary Public.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether he 1ms the receipt of the express
company, and if not, wliether there is any tiling
peculiar m it limiting; the responsibility of the
company ?
Mr. DUNN. 1 have not the receipt. My col-
league [Mr. Porter] may lie aide to answer the
gentleman's question.
Mr. PORTER. 1 do not know where the re-
ceipt is. Captain Stevenson dead, But of the
fact of the loss of the money 'In' evidence leaves
no doubt. It is, I understand, a rule of the ex-
press company not to take any iisles against the
public enemy.
Mr. MAYNARD. "Whoseinthismonoy' IIow
was it deposited with the expiess company m
Indianapolis, to be transposed to Nashville? I
fail to learn these facts 1'mm the statement which
has been made.
Mr. PORTER. Captain Stevenson vva« a quar-
termaster on duty at Nashville, Tennessee, but
had gone to Indianapolis to attend the funeial of
a sister. At this time the Government had net
commenced the issue of one dollar notes, and it
was impossible with the funds furnished him to
make change m hw transactions as a quaiter-
master. lie therefore brought with him $3,0U0 m
Treasury notes, for the purpose of ha\ing them
exchanged for notes of the State Bank of Indiana,
of smaller denominations, then at par every where
in tho West. Deeming it safer to send the money
by express than to carry it himself, he transmitted
it by the Adams express, and it was captured
from the company at Cave City, Kentucky, by
Morgan's guerrillas, who attacked and captured
the train at that point.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana who he tjeems to be responsible for the
private moneys which were taken from the same
tiain, in charge of the same company, by the same
guerrilla party ?
Mr. PORTER. I will state the facts. The
money belonged to the Government, and Captain
Stevenson deemed it safer, probably, as any pru-
dent man would, to transmit it^y express than
to carry in on his person. The accounting offi-
cers of the Government now hold Captain Steven-
son's estate responsible for the money, notwith-
standing the fact that he exercised the utmost care
to secure its safe transmission to its place of des-
tination.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I recollect the history of
this transaction, which I remember was familiar
to me at the time, there were private moneys on
the same train of cars, in care of the same express
company, and that these private moneys were
also taken. The question I asked was, who has
been held responsible for the loss of this money?
Mr. PORTER. I suppose if the gentleman had
had in his possession at Indianapolis moneys of
another person, which the latter desired to have
transmitted to Nashville, and he had transmitted
them by express, he would hardly be held respons-
ible for its loss. And I maintain "that the Gov-
ernment, being the principal in this case, should
not hold its agent responsible, he having exercised
proper caution to prevent the loss of the money.
Mr. STEVENS. With the consent of the gen-
tleman, I will ask a question. I understand that
Captain Stevenson, bcingat Indianapolis inclosed
to himself at Nashville the money in question.
The question ( ask is, who was to receive the
money at Nashville?
Mr. PORTER. I will state that Captain Ste-
venson 's place of duty at this time was Nashville.
He had gone, as I stated, to Indianapolis to attend
the funeral of hissister. Whilethereheexchanged
this Government money for the notes of the State
Bank of Indiana, of smaller denominations, and
sent it to Nashville to his own address.
Mr. STEVENS. He was not at Nashville,
and yet he sent the money to his own address
there.
Mr. PORTER. I repeat that Nashville was his
place of duty, from which he was only tempo-
rarily absent. He had clerks there acting for him,
who would have lecivedthe money had itarrived
there, and piobably used it in official transactions.
He would iiavearuved there himself soon after the
money was expected 10 roach its destination, and
if they had not received it, would have leceived
it himself.
Mr. STEVENS. Was Captain Stevenson him-
self on the tram and captured by those guerrillas ?
I f he was not with it it seems to me he should have
kept the money, and taken it himself, as any
prudent man would have done, and it would have
been safe. If he chose to send it ahead of him-
self to his own address at a place where he was
not, then he ought to have had it injured. These
express companies, I understand, for a little ad-
ditional bonus in.sme even against war ri^ks.
Now, the Government did not send it. The
Government had already delivered it to him, and
it was his duty to have carried it himself,and riot
to have sent it by somebody else to a place where
he was not. It seems to me this is one of those
cases th.it has no kind of equity in it.
Mr. VOORTIEES. I desire to remark that I
have looked into this case with some degree of
care, and I regard it as having meiit, and that it
ought to meet the fair and liberal consideration of
the House. I do not recognize the principle as
laid down by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Roscoi; Co.\*ku\-«,J in regard to the law of carry-
ing. 1 think the principle is well settled, that a
reasonable diligence upon the part of the earner,
in cases like this, is all that is requited of lum by
the law for his piotection in anything that may
happen to that winch is intrusted to his hands. I
am aware that gentlemen differ with me upon this
point; but, sir, j am not at a loss in regard to it;
I am not rusty from the books. I am aware that
there are duTeient cases in which the law is differ-
ent, such as mandates, deposits, and all that; but
in the Mass of cases within which this comes, he
is, in my judgment, called on to exercise only
common diligence. He cannot be called on to use
extreme diligence—you cannot use the word " ex-
traordinary" diligence. He is bound to use only
that diligence—and I state it as a principle of law
—which a reasonable man would use, m the ex-
ercise of a sound judgment, over his own prop-
erty; no more, noiess. I state thatm the hearing
of the lawyers of this House.
Now, then, the question arises upon the facts
of this case. Here is a man transacting the bus-
iness of this Government, transacting it in good
faith, doing the best he knew how in the public
service in effecting the change of this money. The
question then arises whether this man, in trans-
mitting these funds by express, was guilty of
laches, was guilty of a neglect that renders him
liable to sustain the loss himself rather than the
Government. The Government should always be
just in its dealings with its own citizens. If the
Government is to hold its public servants to an
accountability in those cases where they are sim-
ply doing their duty, according to the best lights
surrounding them, you will drive from the public
service-the best men in it. If you intend to set
up extraordinary rules of diligence, for which you
are to hold them responsible, directed to your pub-
lic servants when engaged in the discharge of the
gravest duties, you may as well go elsewhere
than among responsible men for your public offi-
cers.
The gentleman from New York raised the tech-
nical question as to whether the troops who are in
armsm the South are pubhcenemics. Now, sir,I
would not willingly do injustice to so clever a gen-
tleman and good a lawyer as the gentleman from
New York, but at the same time I submit that
such a technicality raised in tin* settlement of such
a question as this is a very narrow and illiberal
view to take. I ask, Mr. Chairman, every man
within hearing of my voice whci her such a propo-
siion as that strikes him as equitable, as just, as
liberal, or as fair? I shall not stop here to discuss
the question whether these men stand, according
to the law of nations, as belligerents, as public
enemies, as a Government tie facto or de jure, or
anything of that kind; but for all the purposes
which call upon the Government to be just to its
own citizens, to protect them from loss or calam-
ities which befall them in the discharge of their
duties toward the rebel forces, they are, in every
sense of the word, public enemies. It is a trifling
of words not to so consider them. It is a trifling
with the sense of this House to press the point
here, in order to make a dead man's estate stand
responsible for a loss incurred by a force in arms,
that they do not stand in the attitude of public
enemies. Sir, generals go outupon public expe-
ditions, over very insecure and dangerous routes.
They lose men in these expeditions, and the dead
and wounded track their course, and yet they are
not visited with responsibility for disasters or
death arising from their conduct; and yet you
would have this man, who, in the discharge of his
duty over a line of railroad, meets with loss and
disaster, where loss and disasters have occuried
time and again to other men besides him, and who
have not in any way been held responsible for
their losses or the troubles which assailed them;
I say, you would have this man stand as a victim
of the insecure condition in which that railroad
was left.
Put the whole question comes back to this: did
this man exercise a reasonable and prudent judg-
ment m the premises ? and you cannot hold him
to any other icsponsibility. If he did, he is ac-
quitted,! care not in what attitude you place these
people of the South in arms against us. The two
exceptions to all these rules as to common cariiors
hcive been stated—a visitation of God, and loss by
the public enemy.
Of course there is no pretense that this man suf-
fered by a visitation of God. Between those two
exceptions there would be this distinction: there
can be no prudence which would prevent loss
from the act of God, while thcie may be a pru-
dence which would avoid a loss at the hands of a
public enemy. That distinction being admitted,
did this man, then, exeicise that kind of care and
prudence which a reasonable man would have ex-
ercised in the piemises? He sent the money by
express instead of carrying it upon his person,
over the same route. The express is a safer and
more convenient mode of transmitting money than
by the person of one man. I submit it to the
common sense of every man, whether I do not
state a palpable truth when I say so. And the
question to be submitted to this House is, whether
this Government intends to be penny-wise and
pound-foolish, to strain at a gnat and swallow a
camel; whether they intend to enter upon the pri-
vate hearthstones of the widows and orphans of
men who have died in the public service, and
charge them with money which was lost by an
