1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1SW
the said circuit court is heie,}>y abolished ; and there shall
hereafter bo circu't courts field for the districts of the States
ot Cahtorma and Oregon b; the Chief Justice or one 01 the
associate ju-tice«? of the tfupienio Court of the United States
.assigned or allotted to the circuit to which such districts
may respectively belong, and the district judges of such dis-
tricts, scvoi ally and io>[>ertively, oil hut of whom shall con-
stitute a quo1 um, wtiieh circuit eoutt> and the jud e<ther«-
of shall hive like power-* and exercise like jurisdiction as
other circuit courts and the pi;1<je< thereof; and the district
court* in and for the ,-evetai districts in and for f-aid States
of California and Oregon, and the j udses thereof, shall have
like powers and exefci-e like juusdiction as the district
courts and the judges th-neof in ihc otnei circuits.
Sec. 3 Jhul be it further enactcd, That all action-?, «uit*,
prosecutions, causes, ideas, process, and other proceedings,
relative to any cause, eivii or ci unitm!, (which might have
been biought and couid have been ornjiuallv eo<ri>i/.ab!e in
a circuit court a-; o>tabh-died by thi->act,) now pending in or
returnable to the several district courts of the United States
in Hie said States of California and Oregon, or now ponding
in or rotui nabie to tIk-cm-nit court of California, by tin* act
abolished, acting a--, circuit court*, (or so empowered to net.)
shall be, and at.' hereby declared to Irrespectively, trans-
ferred, returnable, and continued to the several circuit
courts constituted by this act, to be holden within said dis-
tricts ie.speclive!y,and siiall be heard, tiiod, and determined
therein, in the same manner as it originally biought, en-
tered, piosecuted, nr had m Mieb circuit courts ; and no bail-
bond or recognizance taken in any ot said actions, suits,
prosecution*, ot causes transfeired to said circuitcourts by
tins net shall theieb}- be avoided, impaned, or invalidated ;
and the s'lid eiieuit courts Mini! he gmverned by the same
laws and icgulafious as apply to the other circuit courts of
the United states; and the clerks of said courts, respect-
ively, shall pertonn tl.e same dutic-, and shall be entitled to
receive the same lees and emoluments, which are by law
established tot the cieiks of the other circuit court* ot the
United Slater.
Sec. 4. jind be it further enacted. That the circuit court
for the districts in California muiII be held at the city of San
Francisco and the city of Los Angeles, in said State, at
the anmo tnne.^ now pi<*vTibed by law for holding terms of
the disti ict courts fot the noithet n and southern districts of
fcaid State at said plan <, and the cncuit court for the State
of Otegon .shall be hold at Portland, in said State, at the
same ttmc-s now lived by Jaw tor holding terms of the dis-
trict court loi the district of Oiegon at that place.
Sec. <3. And he it further enacted. That the judge as-
signed to tin: tenth circuit, a* constituted by this act, s-hall
receive, m addition to his salary hereiubetoie piovuled, the
sum of §1,000 for his naveling expenses for each veai in
which he mav actually attend a session of the Supieme
Couitot the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and re yd a third time;
it was read the tltnd time, and passed.
TREATY WITH PERU.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, us in Committee of the Whole,
the bill (S. No. 554) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the republic
of Peru, signed at Lima on the 12tii of January,
18G3, for the settlement of claims.
The President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, is to appoint two commis-
sioners, whose duty it shall be, conjointly with the
commissioners appointed by the Government of
Peru, to investigate, adjust, and determine the
amount of the claims of citizens of the United
States against the Government of Peru, and of
citizens ot Peru against the Govern men t of the Uni-
ted States, puisuant to the t^rms of u convention
signed at Lima on the 12th of January, 1663 The
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, is also to appoint a solicitor or age nt,
learned tn the Spanish language and law, on the
part of the United States, whose duty it shall be
to prosecute before the joint commission in the
city of Lima the claims of citizens of the United
States embraced in the stipulations of the conven-
tion; and a societal y to the commission™s on
behalf of the United States, versed in the English
and Spanish languages. The commissioners are
to receive in full for their services $5,000 each; the
solicitor or agent §5,000 in full for his seivices.
The said commissioneis and agent are also to be
allowed, in commutation of traveling and ail other
personal expenses, ten dollars a day for the time
actually and necessarily occupied in going from
the places of their residence to Lima and return-
ing home, and five dollars a day foi the time spent
in that city under the provisions of the conven-
tion. Tn tiie secretary of the commissioners on
the part of the United States there is to b<v paid
$2,000 in full for his services, and the same amount
in commit fat ion of al! tiavehng and other personal
expenses as is provided in the case of the com-
missioners and solicitor. The sums necessary to
pay these salaries and expenses, as well as the
shaie of the contingent expenses of the commis-
sion on the.part of the Untied States, and of the
compensation of the umpire chosen under the con-
vention, are to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated. The com-
missioners on the part of the United States, in
conjunction with the commissioners on the part
of Peru, are to make all needful rules and regula-
tions for conducting th^ business of the commis-
sion—such rules and regulations not contravening
the Constitution of the United States, the provis-
ions of this act, or the stipulations of the conven-
tion. The Secretary of State is to transmit to the
commissioners such papers or records relating to
the commission as he may deem proper, or as
may be called for by the commissioners,andutthe
close of the commission, and of the duties of the
umpire, all the records, documents, and all other
papers which, have been presented on behalf of
the claimants, citizens of the United States, are to
be returned to the Department of State, or be de-
posited in the legation of the United States at Li ma,
as the President may direct.
The amendment of the Committee on Foreign
Relations was to strike out, in section four, liyes
ten and ek von, after the word " home," the words
" and five do'Iars a day for the time spent in that
city;'* so as to read:
Ten dollars a day for the time necessarily occupied in
going fiom the places of their residence to Lima audi oturn-
ing home, under the provisions of the convention.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third leading-,
it was read the third time, and passed.
CONDITIONS OF RELEASE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to suspend all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up a resolution
1 offered the other day to inquire into the circum-
stances of the arrest, imprisonment, and release of
Mr. Mahony and Mr. Shevvard of Iowa, and
Judge Duff and Judge Muikey of Illinois. It is
not my purpose to discuss the resolution; the
facts aie before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move
that the resolution be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to argue
the resolution. The whole facts are before the
Senate. ! think it not only due to every Ameri-
can citizen, but eminently due to certain officers
of this Government that the investigation be hod.
I call for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; nd being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, CJhuk, Coliamer.
Cow.m, Doohulc. Fe.ssonden, Toot, Fostei, Grimes, ilar-
lan, Ilendeison.Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and VVii&on of Mas-
sachusetts—21.
]VAYS—Me-ssr". Arnold, Oaride, Davis, Dixon, Harris,
ilit-ks, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of itulntna, Lane
of Kansas, Latham, Nesnnth, Powell, Rice, Richuid&on,
SduLsbuty, Tuipic, and Wilson of Mi-souri—19.
So the resolution was postponed indefinitely.
COURTS IN WISCONSIN AND IOWA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE wubmitted the following re-
port ;
The committee of conscience on the disa?re<-in2; votes
of the two ilou-p* on the amendment^ to tlie bill (S. No.
407) to fix the terms of the cncuit eouit in the di-mct.-1 of
Wisconsin and Iowa, having met,affet a lull and free con-
ference have airr< ed to leeommoud, and d<> i eeonimend, the
following:
That the Ifou*e agree to the-flr-d amendment of the Sen-
ate to the amendment of the House.
That the Senate ueede fiom it--econd amendment, and
that the tollowiui,' he leeommend-'d in lieu then of:
'• Sec-2 be if ftnllmr enact ed% That in-tead of the
times horetotore provided by law, the term- of the circuit
and de-met collin foi the disti icts of Iowa to be held at
Des j\loine . shail h" hehl .the second Tuesday ot May
and Uuid Tuesday ot O-tobe/ m each ye.u ; and the t.ill
te>m ot the district coiut for said district to be held at Du-
buque, shall be held on the tiifd Tuesday in November.'*
That the llou^e coiieui in Hie amendment to the title of
s-aid bill with an amendment, at cor the woid "■ circuit'5 to
insert "• and district.,J
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
.i.R DOOLITTI.E,
J. W (HUMES.
Maiia,zc?s on the yui t of the Senate.
JAMLS r. WILSON,
WILLIAM WINDOW,
on the vart of the House.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 501) for the survey and sale
of certain Indian reservations in California,-and
to provide for establishing certain other Indian
reservations in the same State.
The first section of the bill provides that it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, under the direction of the Secretary of'the
Interior, to cause to be surveyed, as soon as prac-
ticable, in conformity with thesystem adopted for
the survey of public lands, all that tract of land
in California known as the Mendocino Indian res-
ervation, and described as follows: lying and be-
ing between the south bank of the Noyo river,
so as to include that river, and the Cully Bull
farm, on the south side thereof, and a point one
miio north of the mouth of Hale or Becdaloc creek,
and extending eastward!y from the coast for quan-
tity, so as to includc the valleys beyond the first
range of hills, to the Coast mountains, and con-
forming to their shape, so as to include an area
not exceedingtwenty-five thousand acres of land.
The second section provides that when the lands
shall have been surveyed, it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to cause them to be
advertised for sale in such manner and for such
time as will, in his judgment, give notice to all
persons likely to bid at such sale, and secure the
best price for them; and he is, at the time ap-
pointed, to cause them to be sold in separate tracts
at public outcry, and if, in his opinion, they shall
have been sold for the best price thatcould beob-
tained, and for a fair value for the land and im-
provements, he shall approve of the sales, and
upon the payment of the purchase-money shall
cause a patent to issue to the purchaser or pur-
chasers.
By the third section, the lands comprising what
is known as the Nome Lacke reservation are to
be sold in like manner and subject to like restric-
tions and reservations as are contained in section
two in relation to the lands of the Mendocino res-
ervation.
According to the fourth section, no portion of
the land embraced m either of the reservations be-
fore mentioned are to be subject to pieemption;
but after they shall have been offered at public
sale, the unimproved tracts arc to be subject to
private entry, at the rate of §1 25 per acre.
The fifth section proposes to make u the duty
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interim, to ap-
point a commission, consisting of the surveyor
general of California, the superintendent of the
northern district of that State, and one other com-
petent and meet person, who are to receive a rea-
sonable compensation for their sei vices, but the
allowance of the same to the two first named is
not to be in conflict with existing laws. They are
to meet in Round valley, Mendocino county, Cal-
ifornia, on or before the first Monday of —
next, and proceed to investigate the claims of act-
ual settlers upon the reservation m that volley, and
make a fair and just appraisement of all improve-
ments made by such settlers previous t<  the 1st
of January, 1859. The commission ait* toieport
the appraisement, and the evidence upon which it
is based, to the Secretary of the Interior for his
approval, who is to issue certificate s to the settlors
showing the value of their improvements.
By the sixth section so much of the oiocec-ds
of the sales of the lands as may he necessary are
to be set apart foi, and applied to, the payment
of the certificates issued under the provisions of
the preceding section, and the suiplus, if any, is
to be expended for the Indians residing in the
northern diatnct of said State, in such manner and
for such purpose, not inconsistent with this act,
as the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with the
approval of the Secretary, may deem pioper.
The seventh section proposes to enlarge ihe
Round Valley les'-rvation, so as to embrace within
its limits the tract of country bounded ns follows:
commencing at a point opposite the junction of
the north and south forks of Eel river on the
south bank of the south foik of Eel liver; thence
southwardly at right angles with said south bank
one half mile; thence up said south fork, and par-
allel with the south side thereof, to a point oppo-
site the junction of the middle and south forks of
Eel river; thence northwardly to said junction;
thence to the summit of the main ridge or mount-
ain on the southeast side of said middle foik;
thence along the main divide to the Tehama coun-
ty line; thence with said linQ northwardly to the
