1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
officcr acting in good faith, while great criminals
go free of all punishment.
I say this case appeals strongly to every sense
of equity possessed by any man within the hear-
ing of my voicc. The affidavits in this case show
that this man was pursuing a bona fide and up-
right course- towards the Government, and the
question is whether the Government will stand by
its public servants in the discharge of an honest
duty, or whether they will turn their backs upon
them, and leave them, and their children with
them, to suffer the consequences.
Mr. DUNLAP. I think it proper that we
should consider thisqupstion quietly and calmly,
because many other cases of the rights of notonly
widows and families will turn upon it, but the
rights of many true and loyal citizens, whose
claims in the future must be presented to the Con-
gress of the United States. 1 do not hesitate as to
the course I sh$ll pursue in this matter. I will be
just to those who have lost at the hands of an en-
emy that which it was the duty of the Govern-
ment to have protected. It is the duty of this
Government to protect all private citizens in the
enjoyment of all their rights; and it is also the
duty of the Government to protect publieofficials
in the faithful and full discharge of their duties.
Here is the widow of an officer of the Govern-
ment who has presented a claim for losses sus-
tained by her husband at the hands of a public
enemy—for such we must call that enemy. She
asks that $3,000 may be credited on the account
of her deceased husband, or that the same shall
be returned to her, bccause the loss was not the
fault of her husband. Mr. Speaker, this case is
attended with no fraud, with no corruption; but
it comes before this House plainly stated and
plainly established. A citizen of this Govern-
ment, in the discharge of his official duty, has
been robbed of Government money by a public
enemy, and his widow, in his good name, asks
indemnity for the loss. Gentlemen have insin-
uated here that it is the duty of the Government
to send a military escort with public officers in
the transmission of public moneys. Be it so. You
will send ten thousand men with §5,000,000 of the
public money in the hands of a paymaster, and
these ten thousand men sent to protect the public
treasure, are met by twenty thousand of the pub-
lic. enemvj ^nd the ^5,000,000are lost; who shall ,
sustain that loss' if ten thousand men are not j
sufficient to protect the public treasure, let twenty i
or a hundred thousand go; and so you might carry ;
it on ad infinitum. I say, it is the duty of the Gov- j
eniment to protect public men whom you bring j
into the public service. I never can stand here j
and cast my vote against a case made out its this
is, and I feel it my duty to the public, to my peo-
ple, and particularly to the widow in this case, to
vote for this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I simply desire to state this
case as I understand it: a quartermaster is enti-
tled, if he may think proper, to demand the ne-
cessary escort to piotect him when public moneys
are in his keeping. If he docs this, and yet the
money is lost, the Government ought to indem-
nify him for the loss. If, in the absence of dan-
ger, ho carries with him public moneys, using
proper precaution, and it is seized by the public
enemy,'the Government must indemnify him.
As to this quartermaster, whose estute^cLums
this indemnity, and the appeal m behalf of whose
widow and orphan children these bursts of elo-
quence have been unnecessarily elicited for he
left neither to demand our special sympathy—the
case is different; and yet his estate is entitled at
the hands of the Government to the same fair and
equal justice as if both widow and orphan made
the appeal.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would inquire ot
thegentleman from Indiana if I understood him to
say^that this man had neither wife nor children ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I answer that he had not.
These appeals are all figures of speech; but cer-
tainly they do not change the meuts of the case,
or dimmish the claim foi justice.
Mr. VOOPJIEES. I ask my colleague whether
he makes a distinction between this case and one
where thorp are wife and children?
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 donotproposeto make any
distinction. I have expressly disclaimed such a
purpose. ■
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I ao not know why
the gentleman raises the question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Simply because of the pa-
thetic appeals which have been made by my col-
league and the gentleman from Kentucky to the
House in behalf of this claim. But that does not
change the equity of the case one particle, though
it was very strange that my colleague and the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Dunlap] should in-
dulge in such flights of fancy to arouse th« House
to a sense of justice by an unnecessary appeal to
our sympathies.- But I say that makes no differ-
ence whatever as to the equity of the case.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish,.then, to suggest that
perhaps the very next case may be one coming
precisely within the scope of the principles I have
laid down.
Mr. HOLMAN. When that case comes up
my colleague may well indulge in such an appeal if
the House is to be controlled by sympathy rather
than a sense of justice. But that is not now the
case for the consideration of the House; but sim-
ple naked justice and equity are demanded. This
young man, as a matter of convenience to himself,
sent these funds by express to Nashville directed
to himself. He might have insured their safety
had he thought proper, but he did not. In their
transportation the Government had a right to de-
mand an exercise of his own proper judgment in
providing m person for the safety of the money;
but he sends it in advance of his own riiovements j
and it is lost. It seems to me that, upon every prin-
ciple of official duty, his estate should bear the
consequence of his intrusting this money to other
hands than his own. His integrity is not ques-
tioned; but he assumes responsibility by trusting
the funds to parties who were not liable for their
loss and bound to no peculiarcare for their safety.
Mr. PORTER sought the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 submit to my colleague that
while he and I must ford a personal interest in the
adjustment of this claim in behalfof the claimant,
we cannot forget that wo ate setting a precedent so
dangerous that no personal consideration should
control his action or mine for a solitary moment.
If it is to be understood that a public officer may
assume the lesponsibihty of removing the public
treasure fiom point to point without a suitable
escort and personal supervision, and that m case
of the loss of that treasure, the Government is to
indemnify him, it opens a new floodgate of ex-
penditure, in the n^gligencc of public agents, if not
to fraud and peculation.
Mr. R I DDLE. It seems that in any view that
can be taken of this question, this fund that lias
been lost is to be takon to bo part and parcel of
the public money; and the question arises whether
the Government itself is to lose its own money,
or whethei it shall be charged upon this individual.
He was made by virtue of his office, for the time
being, the custodian of this money, and was trans-
porting it in the public service; and m order to
charge him with its loss there must clearly be in-
dubitable evidence ofgioss carelessness or neglect
on his pait. Now, what could he do with it? Will
any gentleman say that ho should have carried
upon his own person the $3,000 ftom Louisville
to Nashville when he could not command the es-
cort of a solitary soldier? It would have been
utterly unsafe for any individual to do so upon
that route at that time; and had he lost it while
transporting it in person, there might have been
ground to charge him with the loss. The only
thing, therefore, that he could do, inasmuch as the
Government did not furnish him an escort, was
to employ precisely the same agency that every
party in the transaction of his own individual
business employs. He placed it in the^ hands of
ail express com pan y, and the enemies of the coun-
try seized it. Now, shall the Government lose
that money which was being employed m thepub-
lic service by its officer, or shall it be charged upon
the individual ? To me, sir, it is the clearest piop-
osition that can be stated.
Mr. HARRISON. I desire to ask my colleague
a question. Suppose the express company is lia-
ble for this loss, and the United States should pay
to the representative of this quartermaster the
money lost, would the Government have right of
action against the express company? .
Mr. RIDDLE. Well, sir, i do not think it
necessary to occupy the time of the House in
discussing a question which probably never can
arise. . . ...
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to inquire if
I the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER, It has.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I believe I iiave tfce
floor.
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
makes some motion.
Mr. RIDDLE. I have called the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I supposed I had the
floor, under the rules, to make a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not make
any motion. He simply made an inquiry of the
Chair, and that docs not entitle him to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make the motion now
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, that motion is in order.
The question was taken; and tho motion was
agreed to—ayes 58, noes 45.
reference of senate bills, etc.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
severally taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
An act (S. No. 427) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas—
to the Committee on Military Affaiis.
An act (S.No. 438) for the relief of the owners
of the Norwegian bark Admiral P. Tordens-
kiold—to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A joi^t resolution (S. No. 118) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of R. A. Clements, administrator of James N.
Mullicon—to the Committee of Claims.
A joint resolution (S. No. 119) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of Stephen Johnston and others—to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
A joint resolution (S. No. 120) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of David Mitchell—to the Committee of Claims.
A joint resolution (S. No. 121) to confirm the
adveise decision of the CourtofClaims in the case
of Thomas Hicks, executor of Isaac Hicks—to
the Committee of Claims.
A joint resolution (S. No. 122) to confirm the
adverse decision of the Court of Claims in the case ■
of Alexander D. Anderson, administrator of John
Anderson—to the Committee of Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 137) to authorize the rais-
ing of a volunteer force tor the better defense of
Kentucky, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
absent army officers.
The bill (S. No. 421) to forfeit the pay of ab-
sent officers of the Army, and for other purposes,
was then taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a fust and second time by its title.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to put
that bill upon Us passage?
The SPEAKER. Jf no motion is made the
question will be on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the hill bo read.
The Cleik read the bill. Its first section pro-
vides that during the existence of the present re-
bellion, officers of the volunteer and regular Army,
when absent from their appropriate duties for a
peuod exceeding thirty days, with leave, shall not
receive the pay and allowances authorized by ex-
isting law, except such absence be on account of
wounds received m action or illness contracted
while in the performance of their duty.
The second section provides that if any officer
of the volunteer or regular Army shall absent him-
self without leave from his command,all his pay
and emoluments as such shall cease from the time
of such absence and he shall be stricken from the
rolls of the Army; and if any such officer, absent
| with leave, shall not return at the expiration of
'j such leave, but shall remain absent, his pay and
ij emoluments shall cease at the expiration of his
|| leave of absence, and he shall be stricken from the
IS rolls of the Army, unless unable to return by rea-
j! son of sickness or wounds received in the service,
;i m which case.heshall immediately forward to the
!| Adjutant General the certificate, under oath, of the
jj physician or surgeon having charge of his case,
ij of his inability to return.
'l Mr. WASHBURNE. I move the previous
is question on the motion to refer.
