THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. HGLMAN. I ris^to a. question of order.
A motion was made to put the bill upon its pas-
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know of
any such motion known in parliamentary law.
If there be no other motion, the bill goes to its
passage, as a matter of course.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, .being put, Mr.
Washburme's motion was agreed to.
.So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
BOUNTY AND PAY OF S0LDIEI1S.
Bill of the Senate No. 432in relation to bounty,
pay, and emoluments to volunteer soldiers in cer-
tain cases, was next taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that that bill be put
upon its passage now.
The bill was lead. It provides that all volun-
teers raised or recruited for a period of three years
or during the war, by order of or under the au-
thority of the Secretary of War, who may be over
the ago of forty-five years, shall be entitled to the
same bounty, pay, and emoluments, under the
same restrictions, as now authoiized by law to
volunteers jaised and furnished by States under
existing laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding to it the following as additional sections:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further niaclcd, That each private sol-
dier of the Atmy who *=hall have volunteered lowlte poi t.wl
of not than two jtv.is or foi -'dmum the Var,'" am!
shall have been oi shall herealtei he lumoraMy
on account o! wound-, or oiIwm di -.ability w!u< h -dtall have
been mcuueri aim enienna the j-eiviee aud in the line of
duty, -duili he entitled to leeeive Mich a pmpoiuon oi tin:
S.uin or' $100 piovnb'd lor in (he tilth section of.m act en-
titled " An act atnlioi i/.iujr iIh1 employment oi voluuteer-
to aid in entOK iny; ihe i.uv-i and piotectiiu  public piop-
e:ty,J" appiov< d Julv 'li. l--bl, ns tlx: time ot ac uiai >ei vice
beat-5 to til'1 [)■ iiod ol tnu \  .it
Sno & /«> it fmthn cnaclcd, That the pay of the
privates in the tegular \iniv volunteer in tne sen tee
of {he I Jutted state-, <hall he. riiteen dullais j>er month until
othoiwise piovided by l;nv.
Mr. LOVKJOY. I move that the hill and ihe j|
amendment i>e referred to the Committee on Mil- J
itary Allans. I'
Mr. WILSON. I hope that motion will not j:
prevail. I suggest to the gentleman from Indiana '{
that he witluhaw his ainendmeni so that the lnll ,1
may pass. The subject of the gentleman V amend- i1
ment is now, as \ understand, before the Commit- 11
tee on Military Affairs,and it has, so tar as I can i!
see, no direct connection with the subject-matter :l
of tin's bill. j;
Air. HOLM AN. A hill embracing these two ||
sections road as amendments was rofened to the ji
Committee on Military Allans at an early day m !
the session. The subject, ( have ieained, was j
refened to a member of thai cennniltee who has ^
not been jueseiit for some weeks past, and who -i
is not expected lo take his si at again on this lloor, |i
[Mr. IlicHAitnsoN,] so thai there is no chance of j|
having it ieported back. I desire to liave the two i;
propositions brought befoie the) louse—that is 'j
to say, the proposition to pay the soldteia, dis- '■
charged in consequence of wounds or disabilities
receive d in service, u proportion of the bounty of ij
$100 which they would be entitled to cm complet- |!
ing the tet in of.se r vice of two years, ami secondly,
that the pay of pt ivate soldtei s shall be increased '
to fifteen dollars a month, it does seem to nie !
that the last proposifion especially commends
itself to ihe favorable consideiatmn of tin; I louse.
Mr. WILSON. I think that when tjie House :
comes to understand the Senate lull, it will be
found that there will be no difference of opinion !
about st; bui there certainly is a difference of 1'
opinion in regard to the amendim nt of the gentle- o
man from Indiana. The bill giows out of this l!
circumstance: when the Government called for 11
troops under tin- two calls for six hundred thou-.1
sand men last .sunmvT, my own State was author- 1
ized to laisc a regiment of men over the ago of ;
foity-fivo years. That ngiment was raisedj has
been mu&tried m, and is now in service m the field a
foi three years ot uuimg th" war; but its mem-
hers, being over foi iy-Uve years of age, are not
entitled to the bounty. The bill merely provides
that the rn-m of that regiment, andVny other that '
may stand m the same- position, shall be paid the ji
$100 bounty. On th it pi oposmon, 1 apprehend, !■
there will be no difference 'of opinion. On the j!
other propositions of the gentleman from Indiana li
there is difference of opinion, and if he presses
them they may hazard the passage of this bill. I
therefore appeal to the gentleman from Indiana to
withdraw his amendment in order that the bill
may be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I inquire of the gentleman
from Iowa whether there is any probability of the
Committee on Military Affairs reporting on the
other subject ?
Mr. WILSON. I am not a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and cannotanswer the
question. But certainly if there is opposition to
it in the committee*, theie will also be opposition
to it on the floor of the House; and consequently
it would hazard the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House is certainly bound
to act on both these proposition. It is now un-
derstood that a soldier who is wounded and dis-
chaigcdfrom service is not entitled to the bounty
of $100. If he dies, his wife and children are en-
titled to receive it. liut if he is not slain in battle,
the bounty of $100 does not accrue until he serves
two years. My amendment gives to the soldier a
proportion of the bounty equal to his length of
service. The proposition is certainly right.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to my colleague to
fix some time for the commencement of the pay.
Mr. HOLMAN. it commences fiom the time
of the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. The soldiers arc paid, or ought
to be paid, by the month. I move to amend the
amendment by limiting it to the ]st of January,
1SC3.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman from Indiana
will not withdraw his amendment, I shall call the
picuous question on the tlmd reading and en-
grossment of the bill.
Mr. YVASI IBUflNE. I rise to a question of
order. I ask whether there is not a motion now
pending to rear the bill to the Committee on
Militaiy Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending.
Mr. WASH8URNR. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa will lei that question be put.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the loll was lefenod to the Committee on Military
A funis.
MHSSACSH FIlOM THE SEX ATE,
A message from tin Senate, by ?vli. ForiNr.y, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
an act ( S. No. 313) for the relief of John Cradle-
hf\u«!i, m which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House. Aiso,
An act (H. It. No. 359) for the relief of John
B. M ol ley; and
An act (II. R. No. 6U) making appropria-
tions for ihe suppoi t of the AJ ihtary Academy for
the year ending 3'hh of June, 1804, with amend-
ments, in which he was duected to ask the eon-
curieiice of the House.
SHIP CANALS.
The .SPEAKER. The next bill in order is a
hill (11. R. No. to construct a ship canal for
ihe passage of aimed and naval vessels fiom the
Mississippi to Lake Michigan, and for other pur-
poses; ilu question being on the substitute re-
porn d bark fi om the Committee of lite Whole on
the state oftlmUnion. There are also two amend-
ments pending by consent of the House.
Mr. V. A. CONIvLING. 1 ask that the bill
may be reed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Yoik desne to have the original bill read,
or the substitute reported by the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. WArtllBURNE. 1 hope the gentleman
will witluhaw his call for the reading of the bill.
IVlr. F. A. CONKLING. I do not desire to
embarrass the passage of the bill at all, but I wish
to know on what proposition the House is called
upon to vote. Let the substitute be read.
The substitute was read,and also thcfollowing
amendments pending by consent of the House:
Amend h> adding the following:
Sr:c 8. Jln<> hr it fiulhcr enacted. That the Seeretaiy of
Wai heioby authored and duected to cmi=e to be en-
i'tiired, through the agency ot riie canal beau! of the State
of New York, undei the provision? ot the act of the Lo«zis-
latuio thereof. pa-*ed Apul 22, 1SG2, entitled '!Au act to
ndapr the canal j of this St it'1 to the de'en^c of'the noithei n
and iiortiiw-tei n lake^,'' one tier of the lock-, on the Ihie
canal, and one tiei ot the locks on the O-awgo canal to a
capacity f-ufficient to pass vessels of war, at lea-t twenty-
five feet wide and two hundred feet long, from the Hud^ea
river into Lake Eric and Lake Ontaiio. with &uch addi-
tional feeders and alterations of the channels of said canals
as may be necessary, with power to construct new and in-
dependent locks when found moteadvantageou.-, the Uni-
ted States to have the petpetual ught ot parage tinough
said canaU free from toll or chaise foi its ves eln ot war,
boat*, gunboats, trans-poits, troops, supplies, or munitions
of war, as granted by said act. U being heteb> e.xpre>sly
understood and piovided that the expense of all < aid work
to be paid by the United States, shall not exceed $3,500,000.
Betoie commencing s.aid woik, or any part theieot, the
proposals to be received for its execution, with a sufficient
specification of its dimensions and character, shall be sub-
mitted by said canal boaid to the Seciotary of War lor his
approbation, v\ho ahall caube the t>.une to be examined
without deiaj by a competent engineer in the employ of
the Government, and shall also eau«e sneh inspection to
be made of the woik as it pioceeds, and of "the vouchers
rendeicd for the same, as he may deem necessary. Dupli-
cate certificates of the work done shall be rendered monthly
by the engineer ot m^pectot so to he selected by the Sec-
retary of War—one to the War Department of the United
States, and the other to the au^itoi of the canal depait-
ment of said State ; on leceivnm which, the Secretaty of
Warf-hall pay to said auditoi the amounts theiein certi-
fied. Mich payment to be made eithemn money or in the
stocks or bonds of the United State-, heai tng mteies-t at
six pet cent per annum, pavable bah-yearly, and redeem-
able at the ph-a-tne of the Government atier the expira-
tion ot five and within twenty yeais lioni theii date.
Amend by adding the following pioviso to ihe bill:
Ptondcd, That ihe appiopnation foi the work m this act
contemplated lor the enUufcinent of ihe Michigan and Illi-
nois canal, (-hall not exceed in all >$10,000,000; and tbattho
S>tate ot Illinois will, bv hei Leais'atuie. nndeuake to pay
any excels over $10,000,000 it may eo>l to complete said
woik a> heicinbufotr ptovtded . And pioi idedfut thcr, That
said Mini of jflO.OOO.UOO ^hnli be expended only so fast as
the tolls on said woika shall pay the mteie&t thereon.
Amend section seven, line foui, after the vvotd five, as
follow-.:
Any sum the Slate may expend to complete said work.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
I am not aware that this bill has been before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. It was reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
last June.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the point of order
that, although the original bill mny have been be-
fore the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the substitute has not been, and must
be considered by that committee.
The SIJEA XvER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union reported the substitute
read by the Clerk. The amendments that have
been icad, are pending by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to lay the bill and
amendments on the table; and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 93; as follows;
YCAo—Mc^m>. William Allen, Aneona. Babbitt, Diddle,
Calve it, ('ampbell, Cobb, Ft edei ick A. f 'onkling, Covode,
< 'i.iven-!. Cutlei, Dunn, Fenton. Hall. Haulnm, Harrison,
Johnson. Keiiey, Law, Laz/'ai. McKniclu, McPheir-on,
.M<-n/t"--. Witche'l, Mooihead, Notion, \'u: en, Patton, Poi-
tet. William G. Steele. Steven?, Sulc* Ftatu l-s Tiiomas,
'I'limbie, V*e'i'■ e, Wad Avotih. Web-ter. ClulUin A. White,
Wieklill'c, WiNon, Woicon-i, and Wij^bt—i-2.
\ VV ?—Alexis Ald'.cil, William J "Alien, Alley, Ar-
nold, A>hley, U«iil\, Baker, IJaM'-i, Bejman, Bingham,
Jacob IJ iilau, Samuel S. Hhui Blake, lUunuton, Bum-
hum, Chantbetlain, CI at U, Ctcnn nt-. Col; ax. lio-eoe Conk -
lini ,Cf>n way. Cotinn'j. Dau es, Del.'mo D1 von, Duel I. Dun-
lap, I'direrton, Jaivxaid--. JOUot, l^lv, Kn<?li-^h. Samuel C.
Fe-v-a-nden, Thomas A. D Fc^endeji, Fianchot, Fiauk,
Gooeh, Gianget, G'tdei, GuiJey, Ilatglit, Half, Hooper,
flntehm--, Julian, Fiancis W Kellogi:, Wuluun Kellogg,
Knapp, Lan^niir, Lo.)tnw, LovejosMeKean, Mar-ton,
Mavtidtd. Justin S Monill, Noble. ()d>-ll. Oltn, Timothy
G. i'help>. I'ike, Pomeiov, Pouei. Alcxaodei II. Kice,
John 11. Rice, Uuklle. fto'nn-ori, UJwatd 11 Uollms, James
S ItoiU,]^ Sauceni, fiegai. Shauk^, Sin flidd, Shellahaigcr,
Sheitnan, Sloan, Smith, Spauldmcr. Jolm 15. -Steele, Ben-
lainin F Thomas, Tiaui, Van flotn, Van WjcU, Walker,
Wall, Wallace, Waid, Wa-libtune, Wheelei, Whaley,
Allien S. White, Windom, Woodiull, and Ytamau—93.
So the House lefuM'd to lay the bill on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ciiisfield, was detained at his room by indispo-
sition.
Air. HOLMAN said: I agreed some days ago
to pair with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Richardson] on the vote on the passage of this
bill. He may have understood that I agreed to
pair off with him on every question connected
with the bill. I therefoic ask leave to withdraw
my vote.
Mr. DIVEN stated that hN colleague, Mr. Van
Yalskneurgh, was detained from the House by
sickness in his family.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Hickman was
detained from the House by sickness in his family.
