1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
summit of the main dividing ridge or mountain
on the north side of the north fork of Eei river;
thencc, following that divide, to a point opposite
the place of beginning; thence to the place of be-
ginning. And it is to be setapart for the perpetual
use and occupation of the Indians residing within
the limits of the northern district of California,
known as Indians of the interior, as contradistin-
guished from the"Coast Indians*, and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, is to cause the exterior
bounds of the reservation so created and enlarged
to be surveyed, and a map of the same made and
filed in his office as soon as may be practicable.
Under the eighth scction the superintending
agent of the northern district of California, under
the direction of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, is to proceed, as soon as may be practica-
ble, to concentrate all the Indians residing in the
district upon the reservation thus established; but
if it shall be impracticable to assemble and keep
all of the Indians within the Round Valley reser-
vation, the Commissioner, under the direction of
the Secretary, may procure, by lease or purchase,
a proper location in some other portion of Cali-
• fornia for the establishment of the Indians; but it
shall be so situate as not to embrace white set-
tlers within the bounds of the location, nor be
necessarily traversed by them in carryingon their
ordinary lawful trade and commerce.
The ninth section provides that it shall not be
lawful for any person other than the Indians and
their agent, and employes of the Government, to
reside or enter upon the Round Valley reserve,
or upon such other reserve as may be established
for the Indians. And it shall be the duty of such
agent and employes, to the utmost of their abil-
ity, to restrain the Indians from departing from
the reserve or reserves, and to remove therefrom
all persons not lawfully upon the reserves, and to
that end may require the commander of (he nearest
or most convenient military post to furnish the
necessary military force for that purpose.
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was 111 section one, lines
three and four, to strike out " Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, under the direction of the;" so as
to read, " it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, after
the word "tracts," in line seven, to insert "of
not more than one hundred and sixty acres, and
in conformity with said surveys;" and after the
word " outcry" to insert " and to the highest bid-
der;" so as to read:
And sh.ill, at the tunc appointed, cause the same to he
sold in acpatnte tiaoi- of no( mon: than one hundred and
sixty aoics, and in conformity with <<iu! siuvoy-i, at public
outcry, and to the highest btddci.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section live, lines two and three, to strike out
" Commissioner of Indian Affairs, under the di-
rection of the;" so as to read, " it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of (he Interior."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
scction five, lines four and five, to strike out "(he
superintendent of the northern district of said
State;" and m line five to strike out "one" and
insert 44 two;" so as to read:
To appoint <i commit-.ion con ihhmj'W the survejor gen-
eral of California and two oUki competent and meet per-
sons.
The amendment was ai>ieed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line fifteen of section five to strike nut "fifty-nine "
and insert <{sixty-threc;"and in line twenty-three
to sti ike out4 'fifty-nine "and in^rt "sixty-three;"
so as to read, "on the 1st day of January, 1863."
The next amendment of the committee was in
section six, line seven, after the word "State" to
strikeout "in such manner and for such purpose,
not inconsistent with this act, as the Commissioner
of Indian A Hairs, with the approval of the Secre-
tary, may deem proper," and to insert forVe-
moviug (hem io their new homes, and establishing
them in agiicuitural pursuits;" so as to read.
Shall be expended for the Indian- iceding m the noi Ul-
ern ih^tiiet of '•aid Slate, lor removing them to their new
homes and establishing them m agncultmal ptn>uits.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section seven,line twenty, after the word "Califor-
nia," to strike outthe words "known as Indians
of the interior, as contradistinguished from the
Coast Indians;" and in lines twenty-two and
twenty-three to strike out " of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, under the direction;" so as to
read:
And the same shall be, and is hereby, set apart for the
perpetual use and occupation of the Indians residing within
the limits of the northern district of California ; and it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight, line
six, after the word "established" to strike out
the proviso, which is as follows:
Provided, That if it shall be impracticable to assemble
and keep all of said Jndians within the said Round Valley
reservation, said Commissioner shall he, and is hereby, au-
thorized, and under the direction of the Secretary, to pro-
cuie, by lense or purchase, a pi oper location in some other
portion of California for the e*tnh!M)meiit of said Indians :
Jliul provided, fui titer, That the ^aine shall be so situate as
not to embiace, white settlers within the bounds of the lo-
cation, nor be necessarily traversed by them in carrying on
their ordinary lawful trade and commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section nine, line nine, after the word "reserves,"
to strike out:
And io that end may require the commander of the near-
e.st oi most convenient militaiy post to lurni>h the neces-
sary military force for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. There is an amendment
reported by the committee in section five, line
eleven, that I do not think the Clerk read. It is
a blank which is proposed to be filled by the com-
mittee by inserting the word "June."
The PRESIDENT pro tcmpoi'e. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move an amendment in
section five, line seven, after the word "ser-
vices," to insert " not exceeding five dollars per
day each for the time necessarily employed;" so
as to read, "they shall receive a reasonable com-
pensation for their services, not exceeding five
dollars per day each for the time necessarily em-
ployed, &c.; and the word " two " in line eight
should be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is one of the amend-
ments to which I beg to call the attention of the
Senator from California, and that is the one
which strikes out 1859 and inserts 1863. I am
fearful that that may cover cases which ought
not to be covered.
Mr. LATHAM. In suggesting that amend-
ment, I beg to state to the Senator from Wisconsin
that it was done at the instance of my colleagues
m the House of Representatives. One of them
has visited the reservation,and is thoroughly ac-
quainted with the character of the settlers there,
and he himself desired that 1859 should be stricken
out and 1863 inserted. I agreed to it at his in-
stance. He said that 1859 was a short time, and
would workgreatinjustice. I know nothing about
it myself. It is in conformity with his wish that
I had 1859 stiicken out and 18C3 inserted. I know
that the Senator conceivcs that it may give rise to
some speculations, bat f have been assured that
such is not the ease. There are but few settlors
there, and those that are there were generally
there prior to that time and up to 1863; but in
some instances there may have been changes of
improvements, one settler merely selling to an-
other. Putting it back to 1859 might, according
to his statement, operate very unjustly.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DOOLIT TLE. I move a further amend-
ment, by insei ting after the word " made," in line
foui teen of section five, the words "in good faith."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. ANTMOjNY. This is a very important
bill, making a change in the whole management
of our Indian aiTaiis in a very important district.
I suppose it is all right, but i really do not know
anything about it. I wish some Senator would
explain it.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will moke a very brief ex-
planation for the satisfaction of the Senator. This
bill was drafted at the office, of the Secretary of the
Interior by the Commissioner of Indian Affair#.
It has been submitted to the delegation from Cal-
ifornia, and they are a unit in favor of it. It has
been submitted to the Committees on Indian Af-
fairs of both Houses, and they also agree to it.
It will reduce the expenses of the Government
greatly. It provides for disposing of two of the
reservations and the concentrating of the Indians
upon one, thereby getting rid of supervisors and
a large number of officials whom the Government
is now paying, and for whom there is really no
work or necessity. This, in brief, is the expla-
nation which I suppose the Senator from Rhode
Island desires.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended to read, "A bill for the
survey and sale of certain Indian reservations in
California, and for other purposes."
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. CARL1LE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Senate bill No. 531, sup-
plementary to the act entitled "An act for the ad-
mission of the State of West Virginia," and for
other purposes; and as I know the motion will
be opposed, I will state the reason why I desire
that the bill should be taken up. It is known to
the Senate that the State from whence I come has
occupied very little of the time of this body in any
legislation pertaining particularly to it. The sub-
ject which I propose in the bill for the action of
the Senate is one of course local in its character,
butat the same time affecting, m my humble judg-
ment, the entire country. It is a bill supplement-
ary to one which received the sanction of Con-
gress, authorizing the creation of a new State out
of a portion of the territory of the State of Vir-
ginia. It is a fact which has been stated in the
hearing of Senators, that upon this question, with-
in the boundaries proposed to be included within
this new State, less probably than one third of
the voters have ever been heard upon it cither di-
rectly orindirectly. The convention which framed
the constitution that was before the Senate at its
last session has met and ratified the conditions
which Congress required should be acceded to by
that people before they could be admitted as a State.
Congress further provided in the bill which it
passed, that in addition to the ratification by the
convention, those conditions should be ratified by
the people who are to reside within the newState;
or, m other words, by a majority of the voters.
It svas right and proper that Congress should so
provide, for those conditions are in the nature of
a compact between the Government of the United
States and the State, should it become a member
of the Union, which good faith in all after times
requires shall be observed by the people to be af-
fected by those conditions. The convention have
provided that the vote which Congress requires to
be taken upon the bill,shall be taken on the 26th
day of March, at the most inclement season of the
year, and within the short period of about four
weeks from the time of the action of the conven-
tion, certainly not to exceed five. By the ordinary
course of the mail,'if there were mail facilities be-
tween the various counties included within this
boundary, there would be less than two weeks of
notice to those people.
But, sir, it is a fact known to us at least who
are familiar with the condition of that people, if
not to the Senate—and one that I desire now to
call to the attention of Senators, and bespeak for
the people to be affected by your action your can-
did and kind consideration—that a portion of those
people thus to be affected by this bill are without
mail facilities. They are beyond our lines. We
have no mails traveling to them; and there is no
means, other than that which would be considered
contraband in a time of war, by which this in-
formation can be had. It is therefore for the pur-
pose of remedying this as well as other defects
which must necessarily exist and adhere through-
out all time to any action that may be had at .so
early a day as the 26th of March, that I have in-
troduced this bill which will make it incumbent
upon the friends of the measure to see that an op-
portunity is afforded fairly to express the senti-
ment of the people who are to be affected by this
action of Congress.
The bill provides in the first section that the
proclamation which your law authorizes to be
issued by the President upon a certificate to him
that the people have ratified the conditions con-
