1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tained in your law, shall not be issued until the
Presidentshall be satisfied that the bounties named
in the first section of the bill, and which are now
really in the possession of the so-called confeder-
ate government, and over which the authority of
the restored government of the State of Virginia
has not been extended or exercised, have voted
on and ratified the conditions.
The second section provides also that the proc-
lamation shall not be issued unless the conditions
of the said act shall have been ratified by the peo-
ple, after an opportunity to vote upon the same
has been afforded to the voters in cach of the coun-
ties named in the act; nor shall it be issued if it
shall be made to appear to the President by sat-
isfactory evidence that the people have been pre-
vented from having the same freely canvassed be-
fore them, or that they have been deterred from
voting by the presence of a military force, it being
the intention of Congress to secure to the voters
of every county named therein the free exercise
of the right of suffrage therein.
If this bill shall pass and an opportunity is af-
fordedto the people, who are to be bound through-
out all time by the action of Congress, to vote
upon it, then will be taken away any objection
that might be urged against your action which
was had at a time when it was known that no fair
or free expression of the people to be affected by
it could be had. I do not believe thatitfiver was
the intention of Congress, certainly 1 know it was
not the intention of the convention that initiated
this proceeding, that even an unwilling county or
a county in a condition not to express its will
should be included within this boundary; and I
shall in proof of that call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the journals of the convention which framed
the constitution that was before this body, and
that gave rise to the bill to which this is offered
as a supplement. Mr. President, there are grave
questions, affecting not alone the State of Vir-
ginia, involved in this subject 
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to understand the
Senator. Do I understand him that he objects to
any county coming in unless a majority of the
people of that county agree?
Mr. CARLILE. Not at all. The Senator does
not so understand me. I stated that it was not the
intention of those who initiated this movement
for the new State to include within its boundary
the people of any county who were not in a con-
dition to vote upon it. And I shall appeal to the
journal of the convention to show that fact. I
have the journal before me.
Mr. GRIMES. The first section of this bill
requires all the counties named in it not only to
vote on the act, but actually to ratify it.
Mr. CARLILE. The intention is not that each
county shall of itself ratify it, but that each county
shall have an opportunity to vote; but if it is liable
to the criticism of the Senator from Iowa, it can be
very easily amended when the bill shall be taken
up. It is not the detaiis*of the measure, which was
drawn up hastily, I admit, that I eare about; it is
the principle that I desire which is expressed in
the last line of the second section of the lull; it is
the principle that Congress shall see to it, that a
fair expression of the popular will is had on this
subject. That is all I desire.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. With the per-
mission of the Senatoi from Vugmia, the Chair
will interpose a remark. He feels called upon at
this stage of the session, and in consideration of
the pressure of business upon the body, to state
that upon a preliminary motion, such as is now
pending, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of a particular bill, the Chair feels bound,
so far as it is within the province of the Chair, to
confine the debate directly to the question before
the body. A motion to take up and to proceed
to the consideration of a bill, as in this case, does
not involve a question upon the merits of that
bill. The question is whether the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration; and on such a question
no Senator is at. liberty, within the rules of rele-
vant debate, to consider the merits of the bill.
The question ponding is whether the Senate will
consider it; and while that question is pending it
is not in order to consider the ments of the bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I am obliged to the Chair.
If I wandered it was not my purpose. 1 desired
to confine myself to the reasons why I thought
the Senate ought to proceed to the consideration
of this bill: but it is not with any purpose of wast-
ing uselessly the time of the Senate. If the judg-
ment of the Senate is that this is not a matter of
sufficient importance for them to consider it, 1
shall not press any further reasons upon them
more than to beg leave to call their attention to
this fact, that the journal of the convention,which
1 have here, shows that but thirty-five counties
were nominally represented, while forty-eight are
included; and 1 am prepared to prove that of the
thirty-five nominally represented, not more than
one half were really and actually represented.
Now, sir, I appeal to gentlemen who stood on this
floor 
Mr. WILLEY. Will my colleague allow me
to ask which convention he refers to?
Mr. CARLILE. The convention that adopted
the constitution ; and then i will refer to the one
of which my colleague was a member a few days
ago, if we get into its consideration; and I will
show him its right to speak to the people before
we get through. I have these facts before me. I
am prepared to show them beyond all controversy,
and I appeal to gentlemen who stood and sought
a fair and free opportunity for the people of Kan-
sas 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. After the decision of the Chair, which has
just been announced, that itis out of order to dis-
cuss the moritH of a proposition on a motion to
take up the bill, the Senator ft om Virginia is clearly
out of order in proceeding with the discussion of
the measure he desires to have taken up.
Mr. CARLILE. I understood the Chair to say
that I had a right to assign, briefly, the reasons
why the Senate should proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill. I am not discussing its merits; I
am merely, if I understand what I am saying,as-
signing the reasons why the Senate should do that
act; in other words, sustain the motion that I sub-
mitted. I desire to say to Senators who stood up
here arid contended for and succeeded in securing
to the people of Kansas a fair and free opportu-
nity to foim their own organic law, that I think
they ought to see that the same fair and free op-
portunity is given to the people of West Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist on the question of
order. It is not in order, on the question to take
up this bill, to discuss what was done in regaid to
Kansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
already indicated the opinion that the general tenor
of renui k on the part of the Senator irom Vir-
ginia has somewhat transcended the limit of de-
bate, upon a mere motion to take up a bill for
consideration.
Mr. CARLILE. I submit, sir, of course to
your decision and to the Senate. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion. If the Senate will
take up the hill, I promise them to be very brief
in the remarks I shall make.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. I trust that we shall not be
again troubled with this question, especially at
the heels of the session, when, if the matter is to
take the wide range of debate indicated by my col-
league, it must seriously interfere with the other
business of the Senate. I perceive, from the re-
maiks of my colleague, that it will open a wide
field for debate. We differ as wide as the poles
in regaid to the facts of the case, as well as m re-
gard to the policy. It is a matter which was be-
fore the Judiciary Committee: and the bill was
reported adversely upon by them, I believe, with-
out a dissenting voice, and I trust the Senate will
not at this 1-tte Imur take up the bill.
Mr. CARLILE. In reply to the remark of my
colleague, I desire to call his attention to the fact
that the bill to which this is proposed as a supple-
ment was taken up at a later stage of the last
session than this is of the present session.
Mr. POWELL. The statement that this bill was
reported adversely by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, without any dissenting voice in that com-
mittee, is not conect. I was in favor of the bill
before the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken I
desire to say that my colleague [Mr. Wade] is
detained at his lodgings by illness. That will
explain his absence on several votes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 28: as follows:
YEAS—Merits. Bayard, Garble, Davis, Kennedy. La-
tham, Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Richardson, ^auhbury.Tur-
pie, ami of Missouri—1-
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Dixon, Dooliuie, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harding. Hairls, Hicks, Howard, Howe, King, of
Kansas, Morrill, Pomeroy Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson <o£
Massachusetts—-28.
So the Senate refused to consider the bill.
ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 528, to organize the corps
of engineers.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to abolish the corps of topographical engi-
neers, as a distinct branch of the Army, and to
merge it into the corps of engineers, which is to
have the following organization, namely: one chief
engineer, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a major general; two inspectors general of fortifi-
cations and other public works, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of brigadier generals; five
colonels, ten lieutenant colonels, twenty majors,
thirty captains, thirty first lieutenants, and ten
second lieutenants. The general officers provided
for are to be selected from the corps of engineers
as thus established; and officers of all lower grades
are to take rank according to their respective dates
of commission in the existing corps of engineers
or corps of topographical engineers. No officer
of the corps of engineers below the rank of a field
officer is hereafter to be promoted to a higher
grade before having passed a satisfactory exam-
ination before a board of three engineers senior to
him in rank; and should the officer fail at the ex-
amination, he is to be suspended from promotion
for one year, when he shall be reexamined, and,
upon a second failure, shall be dropped by the
President from the Army.
The Committee on Military Affairs proposed
an amendment, to insert as new sections, the fol-
lowing:
Sr:c. 4. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That there shall be
added to the ordnance department one lieutenant colonel,
two niajois, t'oui captains, four first lieutenants, and eight
second lieutenants; the additional officer* herein author-
ized to be appointed by promotion, t-o far as the piesont
oflieeis of the oidnance corps will peimit; and the residue
to be appointed by transfers, from oihot regiments oi corps
of the Atmv, oi such graduate>of the Mihtaiy Academy as
have been iccommeuded by the academic staff, for that
coi p.>; and that theie be allowed in the office oi the Chief
of Oidnance two additional clerk-. ofeln-  foui.
tfne 5. Jind be it further enaUcd} That theie be added
to the officers now in the quarleunasiers depaittnent of
the Aimy, by ie[iular piomotion thciein, one colonel, lour
lieutenant colonels, and eight majois. who shall have the
same rank in &md department as other officer* of like grade
therein.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the increase of
lank of officers and in the number of ofiiefu? piovided in
sections four and five of this, act shall continue only during
the existence ot the present rebellion and one year there-
after : excepting, however, the ordinary increase of grade
by ordinary promotion, independent of the provisions of
this act.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out all after
the word "Anny" in the seventh line of the fourth
section,down to the word "and"in the ninth line.
That section is one of the committee's amend-
ments. The words to be stricken out are "of
such graduates of the Military Academy as have
been recommended by the academic staff for that
corps."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 hope the
Senator Will also include the residue of the sec-
tion. Wo by another bill have given this office
the additional number of clerks asked for here.
Mr. GRIMES. I will add that I modify my
amendment so as to strike out all after the word
"Army "in the seventh line of the fourth section
to the end of the section.
The words proposed to be stricken out are as
follows:
Of Mich graduates of the Military Academy us have
been recommended by the academic staff foi that corps;
and that theie be allowed in the office of the Chief of Ord-
nance two additional clerks of class four.
The amend mcntto the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. I offer the following amend-
ment as on additional section:
%1nd he il farther enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted ^tate«. be, nnd he is heieby. authorized to confei upon
the senior oflieer of the marine corp-s, the rank, pay, and
emolument© of brigadier general in lieu of the oihce he
now liold-s a- -.olonfJ commandant, and that the office of
colonel commandant be, and is hereby, abolished.
1 will fimply state that I have offered this
amendment at the recommendation of the Secre-
tin y of i he Navy and of a majority of the Com-
