1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
mittee on Naval Affairs. In almost every other
department the rank of brigadier general has been
conferred upon the chief officers in the commis-
sary, quartermaster's, and engineer corps, and
I think it but right that the marine corps, which
has a very large command, should be put on ex-
actly the same footing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I was not
paying especial attention when the amendmentof
the Senator ftom Maryland was adopted. 1 must
say that I am opposed to it, and 1 move a recon-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is now
in the Senate. The Senator can reach his object
by moving to amend the amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole, l>y striking outso much
of the amendment as embraces the section moved
by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I make that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the amend-
ment, made as in Committee of the Whole, by
striking out the words moved by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not feel disposed to
discuss this nutter. I think the proposition I
have offered is one of manifest, justice. 1 do not
see why the nuuine cotps, with its very laige
separate command should be upon any footing
less favorable than any of the other departments
of the military service. I believe that that corps
consists of over three thousand privates when it
is full, and four or five bundled officers; itis cer-
tainly as large as any brigade we have, and the
propriety of having a biigadier general to com-
mand it is so manifest that i hope the amendment
will not be stricken out.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 did not concur with the ma-
jority of the Committee on Naval Affairs m iec-
ommending that this provision should be adopted
by the Senate; not because I do not believe that a
brigadier is just as necessary to the marine corps
as it is to these corps, for 1 believe that it is. I
believe there is greater propriety in making the
commandant of the marine corps a brigadier gen-
eral than there is in making the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Engineering a major general, and creating
two inspectors general of fortifications with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of brigadier generals.
1 may be wrong m my judgmentof this bill, but
I must be permitted to say, with all due respect
for the Senator from Massachusetts, thntitstrikes
me as one of the most absurd propositions that
could be introduced here. 1 see no necessity for
creating a major general who is to be a mere chief
of a bureau, and who we all know within the last
eighteen months declined to be made a biigadier
genetal, and said there was no necessity for any
such creation; and then creating two inspectors
general of fortifications, an office that has never
been known to this Government before, and I am
not aware that it is known to any military organ-
ization elsewhere. Certainly there is no pressing
necessity at this time, when we are straining every
effort to raise money to pay our soldiers m the
field, to create two additional inspectors general
of fortifications, who are to perambulate our At-
lantic coast and see what description of fortifica-
tions are being built.
Then the bill goes on and creates five more
colonels, (that i.s three more colonels than we have
now;) ten lieutenant colonels, (that is six more,
I think, than we have now;) twenty major gen-
erals, (I think we have eight now in the two
corps;) thirty captains, (which J think is about
the number we have now;) thirty first lieuten-
ants; and then the most valuable officers of all,
those that do the duty and have done it, the sec-
ond lieutenants, there are only to be ten of them.
So far as my observation has gone, and I have
been somewhat familiar with the Army organiza-
tion for the last twenty years, the second lieuten-
ants are really the active men in both the engi-
neer and the topographical engineer corps, and
they are the men who have done the duty while
the superior officers are the men who "perform
office duty.
Then it provides that there shall be added to
the ordnance department another lieutenant col-
onel, two majors, fourcaptains, four first lieuten-
ants, and eight second lieutenants. There they
have reversed the order of things, and given eight
second lieutenants, who are really the most val-
uable officers they can have, and who would be
as valuable in the engineer corps as in the ord-
nance corps; but a different principle seems to
prevail in the ordnance corps from that which
prevails in repaid to the engineers.
Then the bill adds to the quat termaster's de-
partment "by regular promotion"—nobody can
be put in who has shown efficiency in the volun-
teer service, no man who has'distingnished him-
self for his administrative ability duiing this war,
but by regular piomotion, and if anybody will
refer to the Ai my Register and look at the list of
qtmt termasters, he will see that there is but one
man appointed from civil life who can he pro-
moted under this bill—one colonel, four lieuten-
ant colonels, and eight majors, "who shall have
the same rank m said department as other officers
of like grade therein."
I am opposed to the passage of the bill. I do
not think there is the slightest necessity for it Jt
creates a great many new officers; it creates a large
amount of additional expense; and 1 call upon the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs to
tell us how many new offices it creates, and what
will be the additional expense it will impose upon
the Government. I have not had the time yet to
calculate, ii; I could do it in a few minutes.
Tin; PRESIDENT p-o tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment made in Committee of
the Whole, to strike out so much of the amend
ment as embraces the section moved by tin Sen-
ator from Maryland.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have made
seveial effoi ts to get out of this bill the section
which was inserted on the motion of the Senator
from Maryland, i have voted both ways. 1 was
told it-was m when I voted "no;" now it is in
when I have voted the other way. I was the only
man who voted,and no man voted the other way.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; two of us here voted
against you.
Mr. VVlLSON, ofMassac-husetts. 1 take it that
the amendment is put in tins bill to kill it, and it
is perfectly unnecessary to make the colonel of
a few mainnis a brigadier geneial.
The PRCS ID EN V pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the question was twice distinctly put.
The question itself was twice distinctly stated by
the Chair, and but one response was given either
time, and that response was m the negative; but
the Chair will put the question again upon that
amendment and ask Senators to vote upon one
side or the othei. The Chair will again state the
precise question. It is on an amendment to the
amendment agreed to in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment, moved by the
Senator from Massachusetts, is to strike out from
the amendment so much as was added to it on the
motion of the Senator from Maryland, and those
words will be again read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
 ind be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and lie is hereby, autiionzed to confer upon
the senior otfic< r of the marine corp-> the rank, pay, and
emolument-* of hi ijjadier L'Ciieial. in hen of the office lie now
hold*> as colonel commandant, and that the office of colonel
commandant he, and hereby, abolished.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on striking out the words just read.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to understand the ques-
tion. Those xvho want to get rid of this brigadier
general of marines will vote in the affirmative, and
those who wish to retain him will vote in the nega-
tive. Now, sir, I do not wish any one to vote against
keeping it in because of the remark that lias just
fallen from the Senator from Massachusetts. He
j says that the proposition is to make a brigadier
general of a few maiines. 1 would like to know
! who his majoi general commands. Not a man
except the engineer officers, whilst this brigadier
genetal has under his command three thousand
men.
Mr. KENNEDY. Over three thousand.
Mr. GRIMES. Over three thousand, my friend
from Maryland says. If the rank ought to cor-
respond somewhat with the number of men that
are to be commanded, there is infinitely greater
! reason for making a brigadier general in the ma-
rine corps than there is for making a major gen-
eral in the engineer corps. As I said before, how-
ever, I am not in favor of the bill, and not m favor
of the proposition of the Senator from Maryland
at this time; but if we are going to make brigadier
generals and major generals; if we are going to
elevate the grade of all the officers in the Army;
if we are going to deplete the Treasury by in-
creasing their salaries; if we are going to oppress
the people by putting upon their necks new bur-
dens to bear, I do not know any reason why we
should not make one brigadier general in the ma-
rine corps when we make half a dozen in the en-
gineer corps. It is only addingone more. I know
it is bad reasoning, but 1 do not see how the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts can avoid it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say a word or two in regaid to this bill which the
Senator from Iowa so—I will not say violently
denounces, but strongly opposes. This is a bill
that unites the two corps of engineers and in-
creases their rank. Wuh the exception of the
generals, it adds three colonels, three lieutenant
colonels, and four majors to the force. We have
now at this time in the service in these two corps
seven lieutenant colonels and sixteen majors; and
the addition provided by this bill will make five
colonels, ten lieutenant colonels, and twenty ma-
jors. Everybody concedes the importance to the
Auny ofathese engineer officers. In all the other
arms of the service, m all the other depai tments,
theie is an opportunity for piomotion. In the in-
fantry and e\ery where else promotion is going on;
but here I here is scarcely any pt omotion whatever,
and since this war opened there has been none of
any account. With some of our armies of one
hundred thousand men the engineer officer has
been simply a lieutenant, and it is so now. I think
justice to these officers requires that there should
be a slight opportunity for promotion, but it is
very hale here indeed. Taking out the general
officers which we propose to create, a majoi gen-
eial and two brigadier generals, the other promo-
lions are very slight indeed for this corps of one
hundred and eight officers. Jn the French ser-
vice, with only eight hundred and six in the en-
gineer corps, there are fifteen general officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Military Committee before he pro-
ceeds further whether nearly all the engineer offi-
cers now are not actually serving as major gener-
als and brigadier generals, &c., and whether they
are not really receiving the pay and emoluments
of a much higher rank than they now hold in the
engineer corps ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Some of
them are, and I think we have taken too many of
them from their proper places in the engineer
corps. I think it was a great mistake ever to have
made ihem generals of volunteers; their services
would have been infinitely more valuable in the
field as engineer officers; but the opportunity to
get promotion in this corps has beeaso very slight
that there has been a universal desue to get from
tluscoips into the volunteers, m older to have the
promotion that men of talent and character feel
that they arc entitled to in this war.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will also ask the Senator
whether we did not at the extra session increase
the rank and pay of the engineer corps?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very little.
Mr. SHERMAN. But we had the whole sub-
ject before us, and after full consideration agreed
upon a plan, and passed it.
Mr. GRIMES. We doubled the number of
lieutenant colonels. That was an increase of one
hundred per cent—not a very small increase.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wo gave what they asked.
Mr. W1LSON, of Massachusetts. I will say
that there is no sort of proportion between our
forces m the field and the engineer corps either as
to number or rank. In the French service they
have eight hundred and six officers in their engi-
neer corps, of whom fifteen are general officers,
the head officer being a general of division. In
Great Britain they have sixteen general office is in
their engineer corps of seven hundred and two,
and one of them is a field marshal, three are gen-
erals, five lieutenant generals, and four major gen-
erals. In the Austrian service they have nine
general officers in their engineer force of two hun-
dred and ninety-one. In Prussia, in a force of two
hundred and thirty-three, they have four general
officers; m Spam twelve out of two hundred and
