1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
forty; in Russia thirty-three in acorpsof ten hun-
dred and ninety-seven. The reason why they
have this large number of high officers in the en-
gineer corps is because an engineer is generally
assigned to each army with the rank of a general.
Now, we propose to make three generals, one a
major general—who will be General Totten un-
questionably—and two brigadier generals, and to
add three colonels, three lieutenant colonels, and
four majors to the corps. I think the public ser-
vice will be promoted by it. The union of the
two corps of engineers and topographical engi-
neers, without an increase of rank, would be a
large saving to the country, to the extent of thou-
sands of dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have that
demonstrated.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Every man
admits it.
Mr. KENNEDY. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts inform me what is the whole number
of men in our engineer corps?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot
give you the number of men. They have some
companies. They have one hundicd and eight
officers by this hill,
Mr. SHERMAN. The engineer corps is now
composed, no doubt, of some of the ablest officers
of the Army, because they are taken from those
who are at the head of the graduating classes at
West Point. Their claims should be fairly con-
sidered. They were considered at the extra ses-
sion and some promotion given them; but it must
be apparent that nearly all of the best oncers in
the engineer corps, the most active and useful,
have been transferred from that corps, and are
now holding the highest positions in the volun-
teer army. Theie are several major generals who
belong to the engineer corps, quite a number of
brigadiers, and a large number of other officers.
I believe that the present General-in-Chief, Gen-
eral Halleck, together with the late General-in-
Chief, General McClellan, and many of the other
highest officeis, were taken from the engineer
corps.
This bill, then, is not for the present purpose,
because all the officers who deserve promotion
have been promoted and now hold high rank in
the volunteer Army. This is to increase the reg-
ular Army after the war is over. That is the pur-
pose. Now, I submit to Senators, is this the time
to organize the regular Army upon the basis that
it should be after the war is over. I say it is not.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts, with
a facility that is remarkable, has introduced and
grafted on the statute-book a great many laws
aflectina: the regular Army. In my judgment not
one of them should ever have been passed. After
this war is over we can organize the regular Army
upon some system. Then one bill, embracing a
pei manent and regular organization of the Army,
can be presented and passed, and we should intro-
duce into the regular Army those officers who have
distinguished themselves in the volunteer Army.
I have no doubt that when the wau is over we
ought to have a reorganization of the regular Army
extending through all the grades, all the phases,
and branches of the Army; and then it will be time
enough to increase the rank and pay and the num-
ber of generals, &c , in the regular Army.
At present, it is sufficient to say that all the
officers who have been deemed worthy of pro-
motion have received promotion in the volunteer
army, and are now actively employed; and that
this bill is one intended to ingraft on the regular
Army an increase not now necessary. After the
war is over, as I have said, it will be time enough
for the chaiiman of the Committee on Military
Affairs to leport a general bill providing for an
organized army of sufficient force, with a proper
share of engineers, infantry, cavalry, &c.; and
until then we ought to pass no law increasing the
rank arid pay of officers of the regular Army.
That is my judgment, and therefore I shall vote
against this bill on the same principle that I have
voted against ail these incidental increases of the
regular Army.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
"Whole was concurred in,
Mr. GR1MES. Mr. President, it is very easy
for a gentleman who is interested—attached to any
particular corps in the Army—to sit down and
take the army organizations of other countries
and make out a statement showing that our or-
ganization is exceedingly deficient as compared
with the organization of those countries; but it
should be borne in mind by all of us that those
organizations were made for countries where the
Government is based upon and supported by stand-
ing armies, and not for a country like ours, where
we rely upon the people of the country to sus-
tain the Government. I have not taken the trouble
j to examine the subject; but it is very likely that,
l as compared with other countries where large
standing armies are maintained, and where it is
made necessary to maintain them in order to sup-
port the Government, that our engineer corps is
exceedingly deficient; but that is a very poor
argument to utge heie, I apprehend.
In regard to this engineer corps, permit me to
say that I have a vei y high regard for it, and espe-
cially for those officers, who are the ablestamong
them, who are not eternally about the Halls of
Congress seeking for promotion, but who have
been content to remain in the field or in charge of
the fortifications they were assigned to superintend
and to perform their duty manfully and in a sol-
dierly way. I have not so much respect for that
portion of them who aie constantly besieging the
members of Congress for the purpose of securing
further advancement in rank and pay
The Senator fi om Massachusetts told us that
these officers had very little piomotion. Sir, they
have promotion to a gi eater extent, and the record
shows it, than any other corps in the Army. You
have doubled the number of majors; you have
doubled the number of lieutenant colonels. In
what other corps have you done that? Not only
that, but by aiecun enre to the Army Register, you
will observe that you have eight majors. One of
them, the senior major, is the superintendent of
the West Point Military Academy, and receives
the rank, title, pay, and emoluments of a colonel.
The other seven are either brigadier generals or
;j major generals in the Army. That embraces the
i; whole number of majors. Is there no promotion
;; there? Have these gentlemen any right to come
i; in and complain of us that we are not treating
• them justly ?
I! Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What are
/ you going todo with the captains and lieutenants ?
il Mr. GRIMES. Then when you come down
jj to captains i do not know what promotions have
i] been made since August, 1862, when this Army
j: Register was published. I find thatone is aheu-
tenant colonel; another is a major general; another
ii is a brigadier general; another is a colonel, and
j' has been sent to us as a major genetal; and doubt-
. less many mote on this list have been also ap-
pointed major generals, or are performing higher
grades of duty than it would appear they are per-
formingupon this Register, which was issued last
i; August.
<| The Senator osks me what I will do with the
captains and lieutenants. Why, sir, let them do
their duty, as many of them, i am happy to say,
j are doing and are not asking us for promotion,
jj for an increase of rank, to elevate them in such
JJ a way that when this war shall cease they will be
ji all major generals or brigadier generals, or col-
j{ oneln or ln utenant colonels, no matter how long
I! they have been in the service. Why, sir, this
!; bill, if I understand it coiredly, will bring up the
|l youngest lieutenant in the engineer corps,a youth
;; of twenty or twenty-one years, who only gradu-
^ ated last year, who has had no experience, and
jj make him a captain. That is not our policy. It
ii is not the true policy of the Government.
!i The Senator says that the consolidation of these
j! two corpt-; will greatly icduce the expenses of the
ji Army. I .should like to have him or some other
gentleman attempt to demonstrate that. I do not
j! think it is susceptible of demonstration. _ I cannot
I! imagine how it can be possible to consolidate two
|; corps like these and reduce the aggregate expense,
when you at the same time increase the number
I in every grade and make it greater than it was
'' when they were sepaiate. It would require a spe-
ll cies of arithmetic that I am not familiar with to
'i accomplish any such result as that.
!| Mr. president, I am well satisfied that the coun-
!! try does not demand, and that it is not the inter-
j! est of the Army, nor, indeed, of trie engineer corps
j' itself, that we should again, after a lapse of only
M eight or nine months, reorganize it, increase their
Ii rank and their pay. I think they had better tarry
awhile at Jericho; let the law of Congress become
crystallized a little, and do not be legislating in re-
gard to these corps every six months, each time
increasing the number, increasing the pay, and
increasing the rank.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, The Sen-
ator talks about the officers of the engineer corps
tarrying at Jericho. Sir, the officers of the en-
gineer corps are everywhere in the field doing
their duty.
Mr. GRIMES. What does the Senator mean
by 44 the field?"
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The place
of duty, wherever it is.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; and the places of
duty of a large number of them are in charge of
the fortifications on the coast of Maine or Massa-
chusetts. I know some of them who are there
now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, everybody knows that the officers of this
corps have been everywhere doing their duty dur-
ing this war with great fidelity, and that in many
of our aimies where we ought to have had dt least
a colonel, theie lias been simply a lieutenant as
the engineer officer of a large army. The Sen-
ator does not understand why the union of these
two corps will reduce 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend why
he does not report a bill making them volunteer
engineer officers, to continue only during the war;
so that their time would run out when the war is
over. That would provide for the evil he com-
plains of.
Mr.WILSON,ofMassachusetts. lam willing
that the Senator shall make this increase last only
during the war. 1 agree with him on the subject.
I have no desire to give the regular Army any ad-
vantages by our legislation. When this war is
closed, we must have a reorganization of this
Army; and I trust that no legislation that has
been had or will be had, will close up the avenues
to promotion in the legularArmy, or give any
portion of it any undue advantage. I know that
there has been no such purpose or intention in our
legislation.
The Senator from Iowa does not understand
how it is that the union of these two corps can
reduce expenditures. What I said was, thatif the
rank and number were not increased, the expend-
itures would be diminished. That is as plain and
simple as it would be to say that if the House of
Representatives and the Senate should be united
together in one body, it would diminish the ex-
pendituies of carrying on the Government. These
men have their offices; they have, while separate,
a variety of things that make expenditures, which,
if they were united, would be less. It is so with
any two or three.bodies. The precise and exact
amount of saving I cannot say; but it has been
represented to me, by gentlemen who understand
it, that it would be a considerable amount. I do
not think it would be a very large amount; but it
would be a considerable sum.
An amendmenthas been made to thisbill to-day,
on the motion of the Senator from Maryland,
which, when I come to look at it, surprises me. A
proposition has been put into this bill to make a
particular officer a general. It is legislation to put
a man into office; not legislation for the country.
It is the most extraordinary proposition that was
ever made in this Senate or in the country. 1
supposed that the amendment was to make a gen-
eral officer, by appointment, for the marines; but
I find it i.s a proposition to make the senior officer
of that corps a general. We do not legislate to
make General Totten a general. We legislate
that the President shall make a general. In all our
laws theie is not a solitary law on the statute-book
that makes a general officer by regular promotion,
and there ought not to be.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know of the
Senator while he is progressing with his aigu-
ment, what is the difference m principle between
making a general by legislation and a colonel by
legislation? I notice that in the fifth section of this
bill it says:
There be added to the quartermaster's department
by regular piomotion therein, one colonel and four lieuten-
ant colonel?.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wilistatethe
difference. It is a difference that began with the
foundations of this Government. From a second
lieutenant to a colonel, the rule is always regular
