1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Department, because all the business interests of
the country vvii( be more o^ess involved in the
banking system of the coumry. That is a most
extraordinary proposition. Why,Mr. Chairman,
we have not forgotten the controversies that arose
out of the old United States Bank. Here it is pro-
posedjunder this system, to introduce into active
operation a thousand United States banks. Their
influence is to reach every hamletand every school
district throughout the land. It is to go to the
home of every voter. That is the power which
this system would give to the Secretary of the
Treasury. With the presentable and upright offi-
cer there might be no danger. But, sir, we have
had in the Treasury Department a Cobb, and this
would be a very dangerous power to place in the
hands of a bold, ambitious, and selfish man. I, for
one, am unwilling to put the business interests of
the whole country into the hands of any one man,
I care not who he may be. It would operate tin-
justly to place the business of the country under
such control, and especially so under our system
of popular government; to place these thousand
banks, with their directors and their hundred
thousand stockholders, and their customers, em-
bracing every man that owes a dollar, ail at the
disposal of a Secretary of the Treasury. This
measure has received the condemnation of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that commit-
tee has, in my judgment, acted wisely in condemn-
ing the measure. It has my thanks for so doing,
and will have, no doubt, the thanks of the coun-
ty- . .
But it is said that the Government cannot be
carried on without this. What aid is it to give
the Government? How is this to obviate tlie'ovils
suggested by my learned friend from New York
[Mr. Roscoe Cockling;] f will tell you what
effect it is to have. The currency is already ex-
panded so that it is impracticable for the Govern-
ment to expand it further. But it is going to invoke
the cupidity of private enterprise to embaik m this
speculation upon the business of the country, and
to aid in the fuither expansion of currency. Is
not that so > I would be obliged to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] if he would
teii me whether this is not true. What aid is the
Government to derive from all this ? The Treas-
ury notes in the hands of the people are to be ab-
sorbed to be the basis of this new issue, and the
Government is to pay six per cent, on that issue
for what it is now paying nothing; and thus it
will cost the Government, by way of interest, to put
this experiment in operation, from fifteen to eigh-
teen million dollars—not taking into this account
the enormous additional cost resulting from an
advance of piices which will be consequent upon
the additional expansion of the currency, and to
result in no benefit to the Government, but in the
destruction of the State banks. This system of
expanding the currency has already depreciated
the banking capital of the district which i repre-
sent $9,000,000 from its par value upon a specie
basis at the opening of the war. The system of
State banks that has grown up and become iden-
tified with every man's prosperity is to be crip-
pled, broken down, and destroyed by hostile
legislation.
Those persons who have large investments in
Government securities will embark in the bonk-
ing business; and as under this system there is no
restraints of usury laws to operate, it will enable
large capitalists and favored political partisans to
control the entire monetary interests of the coun-
try; for the Government moneys, collected under
the internal revenue act, are to be deposited with-
out stint with these new banks.
This system is the rich man's system. It ig-
nores the great middle interests. It ignores the
interests of the enterprising young men of the
country, whose capital consists m ability, integ-
rity, and industry. I was surprised the other day
to hear the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Roscoe Cockling,] when the bank-
rupt bill was under consideration. He said he
desired to break down tins system of accommo-
dation indoisements. Where is the successful
inan of business in his own great metropolis, or
in the metropolis of New Englaad, or in any of the
other large cities, without a "fortune, who has not
been aided by accommodation indorsements, and
helped to acquire his fortune?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Chairman,
I just came in at the instant the gentleman was
saying that he was surprised at my leveling a
shaft at the system of accommodation indorse-
ments. I desire to say to my friend that it was not
against any honest system of accommodation in-
dorsements and discounts that my remark was
made, but against that system of fictitious capital
which consists in one man procuring another to
indorse for him, giving to that other a bond and
warrant of attorney, a judgment by confession, a
chattel mortgage, a security, no matter in what
form, depending on the State in which the trans-
action occurs, of which the public know nothing,
and which, when the time comes that the bor-
tower explodes, snatches from him the entire of
his estate, and leaves the rest of his creditors, as
the phrase is, "out in the cold." It was at that
system of nefarious imposition on the public that
I struck, and not at any system of accommoda-
tion indorsements.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I accept the qualification,
and agree with the gentleman in his remarks. But
he did notlimit them when he made them as he does
now. The difficulty, I say, of the system pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] is, that it invites private enterprise to
embark in expanding the currency. That system
will not succeed. It will not relieve the Govern-
ment in this hour of its trial. The system of an
expanded currency is not new. It has been tried
before. It was tried in France in the time of the
revolution. The currency was expanded there, I
believe, to the enormous amountof $3,000,000,000
by the nssignats that were issued; There never
was a dollar of that paid. It was based, I believe,
not only on the credit of France, but on certain
church property, which, after the manner of those
times, it was undertaken to confiscate. Then
there was another scheme devised there, called
the mandats. There specific property was pledged
for redemption. But a very small part of that issue,
which was augmented, I believe, to $500,000,000,
was ever redeemed. The same wild expansion has
been tried m our own country. I hold in my hand
a promissory note of the State of Massachusetts
Bay, issued in 1780. That note has never been
paid.
Mr. ELIOT made n remark not audible to the
reporter.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The note is signed by the
gentleman's [Mr. Eliot's] own grandfather,and
by another ot his kinsmen.
Mr. ELIOT. I will redeem it, sir.
Mr.SHEFFIELD. It would take more money
to redeem it than the gentleman has gut; for it car-
ries interest, payable semi-annually in coin; and
I am afraid when he came to count it up he would
find the amount too large for him. It was pay-
able in Spanish nulled dollars. I also hold in my
hand a note issued by the State of Virginia. But
the notes of Massachusetts and Virginia were not
the only notes that were issued. They can be
found of my own State, and of almost all the col-
onies. They were never redeemed. A gentleman
asks me the reason. It was because they issued
more notes than they could redeem. It was be-
cause the currency was expanded beyond the ca-
pacity of the people to redeem. The financial sys-
tem of England has been, perhaps, more success-
ful in some respects. It has never been exposed
to violent expansions. In their wars they sold
their stocks sometimes as low, I think, as <£55 for
<£100. The debt of England to-day is immense.
It is in the hands of but thirty thousand of her
people. To her this national debt is, in my opin-
ion-, a national blessing. It would not be so to any
other nation. England is ambitious of empire
and conquest; and this debt puts her governing
classes under bonds to keep the peace. Therefore j
to her and to mankind her debt is a blessing. But '
in someday when revolution shall convulse Eng-
land, when France shall knock at her door and
demand admission, when downtrodden Ireland
shall lise up, then the question will be presented
to the masses of England whether their industiy
shall be taxed for the benefit of only thirty thou-
sand of her people, who govern the British em-
pire. I cannot tell what might take place in the
course of some future revolution.
And, sir, in this system, this gigantic system,
which is undertaking to wield the finances of this
country, resting upon so slippery foundation as
the integrity of a single officer, and which induces
puvate individuals and corporations to extend the
currency to the extent of their power to expand
it, what will be the consequences in the future,?
What revolution may follow in some future period
of American history I do not know. But I appeal
to gentlemen of this House to beware how they
embark in this enterprise; how they trifle with the
faith of the nation; how they undertake to put the
financial power of the nation in the hands of one
man, with so few guards to protect the public
interest as are contained in this bill. Some pop-
ular leader may, at some future time, taking ad-
vantage of the system created under the necessi-
ties of this war, or of the manner in which this
debt may be controlled, under some pretext or
other—what, I cannot say; but I will venture to
assume as valid as any pretensions for secession,
which never had the slightest ground in law or in
reason—I say some one taking advantage of some
pretext or other, may convulse our society, and
move the passions of our people to an extent that
shall bring on another revolution for the purpose
of repudiating the system which is so closely
interwoven, mid is as if it was made to control the
politics of the country.
I again entreat gentlemen to beware how they
trifle with the faith of the nation. Whatever debts
\ve contract we are going to pay. We are going
to maintain the integrity of this Government; we
shall survive the present crisis in our affairs, dis-
pel the clouds which overhang our future, and
bring our Constitution and the Union of all the
States out of their present trials. Wc will not,
i we shall not, submit to any terms, or compro-
mise, or peace which compromises our honor or
integrity, or the Constitution and the Union of
our country. We must stand by this Union; we
must aid the Government in every way we can;
but we must not trifle with the nation's honor and
its plighted faith. We must encouiage the Army;
we must act like reasonable men, forgetting our
own selfish and party ends, and conducting this
war as if wc conducted it for the benefit of the coun-
try and the whole country.
For myself, it is well known what position I
occupy in reference to certain measures which
have been adopted. I have thought that the keep-
ing within the acknowledged limits of the Consti-
tution and the law of nations was the wiser and
the better course; that these laws were a shield
rather than a fetter; that by moving on the Army
into the enemy's country, and jLhat without the
aid of legislation, or of proclamations, slavery
would be demoralized, and be left to drag out a
miserable but limited existence, and that no one
could complain that it had been subjected to the
fortunes of war. But others have thought other-
wise; and as for myself, emancipation or no eman-
cipation; confiscation ornoconfiscation;arbitrary
arrests or no arbitrary arrests, I shall stand by
the Government until the last.
I have no objection to the proposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to tax bank circulation
above the limits set out in this bill if it is adopted.
So far as the $20,000,000 banking capital in the
district which I represent is concerned, it will not
affect a dollar of it. The circulation upon that
capital is to-day less than thirty per cent., and
the law of Rhode Island is such that this bill will
not affect the circulation of our banks, and if it
did it would make no difference, for if it is neces-
sary to take the property of the banks, if it is
necessary to take any property that we have for
the purpose of maintaining the integrity of this
Union—" the Union as it was and the Constitu-
tion as it is"—for in this matter no party or setof
men has any special property, for they contain the
germ of the people's hope, I say, our people say,
take our property, as you have taken the blood,
the precious blood, of our sons. We are prepared
to submit to the sacrifice, but only upon this con-
dition—you must maintain the integrity of the
Union and the union of the country/Our people
entered early into the war, and we shall continue,
I trust, to the end. We are prepared to submit
to sacrifices for the maintenance of the Consti-
tution and the Union. We are prepared to expect
that other men will differ from us, and to tolerate
those differences, because we know that minds
are differently constituted. We are prepared to
go through trials to maintain the Government jn
its purity, and we are conscious that if we suc-
ceed we shall reap the reward of our sacrifices.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I desire the attention of
the committee for a moment, t.o reply to an attack
made yesterday by my colleague [Mr. Gcrley]
