1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13Q*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 now wish to move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business. I will state to the Senate that there
are many unsettled questions, nominations that
are contested in some degree, and such is the con-
dition of business I am afraid we shall have no
day after to-day to consider them. I think the
business of to-day does not seem to be of suffi-
cient importance to prevent our considering exec-
utive matters. Other business is coming on,and
we shall be getting into hours when it will be in-
convenient fur gentlemen to consider those nom-
inations; and as they must be voted upon, I think
it would be advisable to proceed with the consid-
eration of that business to-day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from Maine withdraw that motion for the
purpose of taking up the conscription bill, which
has come back from the House with a few slight
amendments? I think we had better dispose of
that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is to be no con-
test about it, I will give way.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There will be a contest
about it. I object to taking it up.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion will simply be on concurring in the amend-
ments of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There will be a contest
about it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We can as
well meet it now as at any other time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to have those
amendments printed, so that we can take them up
understanding^ and act upon them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first busi-
ness in order is the reading of the amendments of
the House of Representatives, and then the whole
question will be open.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I objected to the con-
sideration of the amendments. I understood they
were liable to an objection, and I made the objec-
tion at the moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not liable to the
objection. It will be in order to take them up if
1 withdraw my motion.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection being
made, and there being another question pending,
the amendments of the House of Representatives
cannot be considered except by unanimous con-
sent, or on a motion to postpone the pending busi-
ness, which can be carried by a majority of the
Senate, and then to proceed to the consideration
of the amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know that bill
was on the table. As I deem it to be of import-
ance, 1 think it had better be settled at once, and
therefore I will move that the pending business
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the
amendments of the House to that bill.
The I3R,KSiDENTpro tempore. The bankrupt
bill is before the Senate. The Senator from Maine
moves to postpone that and ali prior orders, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill returned from the House of Representatives
which has been indicated.
Mr. FOSTER. I cannot consent to a post-
ponement of the bill. If it is laid aside informally,
I have no objection; but if it is to lose its place i
cannot consent.
Mr. BAYAltD. I understand that that hill
is what is called the conscription bill. I will
suggest to honorable Senatois on the other side
that that bill is a novel one. It came here from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and was
amended in the Senate very materially, and has
since been amended in the House of Representa-
tives. We ought to have the bill with the amend-
ments printed, and then we can act upon it. I
confess I desire to state some, objections to it,—
not to make a set speech at ail—which occur to
my own mind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on po'tpnmn^ the pending and all pimr
orders tor the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideraf  on of the bill indicated, called the conscript
bill, which, if carried, wiil then be before the
Senate, and subject to any motion, either to refer
it to th" Committee on Military Affairs, to print,
or to amend.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no objection
to taking up the bill fui the purpose of having the
bill and amendments printed, I will then let it lie
over until to-morrow morning, and renew my
motion for an executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order to
print the bill and amendments will be made, if
there be no objection, without putting the question
on postponing the other bill. The Chair hears
no objection, and the order is made.
PRINTING- 0F AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. With the
consent of the Senator from Maine, T should like
to move an amendment to House bill No. 675, to
raise additional soldiers for the service of the
Government, with a view to have it printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairun-
derstands it to be an amendment which the Sen-
ator intends to move at the proper time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be or-
dered to be printed if no objection is made The
Chair hears none.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now renew my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 26, 18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton*.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is an error
in the Journal which I desire to have corrected.
The ground of my appeal from the decision of the
Chan was not us stated in the Journal. My point
was this: that the committee, being a seleetcom-
nuttee, and having some time before reportedand
thereby been discharged,andonly revived by hav-
ing the House bill with the Senate amendment re-
ferred to it, its report now must be confined to
that bill and amendments to or a substitute for it,
and that no reference of the subject generally to it,
prior to its fiist report and consequent discharge,
could authorize it to ieport a new bill discon-
nected from the bill and Senate amendment after-
waids icferml to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the gentleman's point was this,
and it was on that the decision of the Chair was
based: that a bill having been committed to a se-
lect committee, it was not competent to report
back an original bill; that the bill referred to the
committee must be repotted back.
Mr. VALLANDICUTAM. I could not have
made that point of order, for I do not think that
it is well taken. That point of order was made,
1 think, by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be conected
as proposed by the gentlemen from Ohio, if there
is no objection.
Theie" was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly, and the Journal, as amended, was then
approved.
Mr. WTCKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, 1 rise to
make an inquiry connected with the accuracy of
the Journal. Ifl heard it read correctly, it states
that the member from Tennessee, after taking the
oath prescribed by the Constitution for a Repre-
sentative in Congress, was also required to take
some other oath prescribed by an act of Congress,
the particular provisions of which I am not able
to state, not having heard it repeated at the Speak-
er's seat. If i had heard or known at the time that
any other oath beside that which the Constitution
prescribes was lequired, 1 should then have inter-
posed an objection. I deny that this Congress,
or ,)ny other Congress, has a right to prescribe
any foim nf test oath to a Representative of the
people in this House. If the power to do so is
acknowledged, on? Congress might piescnbe
oaths which no honorable man could or would con-
sent to take, thus further decreasing the respecta-
bility of the Representatives of the people.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the gentleman was dis-
tressed, he could ease him^Jf bv taking his seat.
The SPEAKER. .The question raised by the
gentleman from Kentucky cannot be entertained,
to correct the Journal.
SOUTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the
accounts of the superintendent of Indian affairs
for the southern superintendency; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting his annual statement of the contingent
expenses of his Department during the last fiscal
year; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
r NAVY LIST.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
ting official transcript of the Navy List, with pay
and allowance for scrmnts' rations, &c.; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
FRAUDS UPON THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. DAWES, from the select committee on
Government contracts, reported back Senate bill
No. 4(j7, to prevent and punish frauds upon the
Government of the United States, with an amend-
ment.
The bill was read through.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous question.
The previous Question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was read and agreed to, as fol-
lows:
At tiie end of section tour, add as follows :
Ami every Mich person shall, in addition thereto, on con-
viction in any court of competent jurisdictioii.be punched
by imprisonment not le-s than one nor nunc than five \ ears,
or by fine of not less than ,000 and not more than $.%U00.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third time
and passed,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. McPHERSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
515, to authoiize an increase of the number of
major generals and brigadier generals for the forces
in the service of the United States, with amend-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. How does this report get
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The bill was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs with leave to re-
port at any time, and it is now propeily before
the House.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move that the bill be
now put on its passage. The Military Committee
propose to increase the number of major generals
from twenty to forty, and the number of brigadier
generals from fifty to one hundred. Thev think
that these additions are necessary for the efficiency
of the service. If the House desires, I will ex-
plain the amendments.
Mr. WASMBURNE. We understand them.
Let us vote.
Mr. McPIIERSON. Very well, then. I will
not detain the House with any remarks.
The question recurred on the first amendment
of the committee, which was to increase the num-
ber of major generals from twenty to forty, and
on a division thete were—ayes thirty, noes not
counted.
Mr. WASHRURNE demanded tellers.
Tullcis weie ordered.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 feci that
X ought to make some explanation of the propo-
sition before the House, as weli as of the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Military
Affairs. My first impressions were tn favor of the
Senate bill; but on investigation of the subject I
became satisfied that the bill without amendment
would not be efficient. A M.atement of the num-
ber of the brigades and divisions oi'our military
foices, and a lefercnce to the law as if now ex-
ists, will bring the House, i think, to the same
conclusion.
There are now authorized by law foity major
geheials. The Senate propose to increase that
