THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Attorney General. I suppose that the solicitor of
this eourt, if he faithfully discharges his duties,
will have as much as he can do in attending to the
cases in the Court of Claims, and such cases in
the Supreme Court as may go there on appeal or
Writ'of error, and that if authority is given the At-
torney General to call upon the solicitor to attend
to alt other cases in the Supreme Court, he will be
(juiteoverburdened with business. I think his du-
ties had better be confined to the appropriate busi-
ness of the Court of Claims and such cases as may
go in to the Su preme Court from there; but he should
not be incumbered with all other business that the
Attorney General may choose to throw upon him
wholly disconnected with his duties as solicitor
of the Court of Claims. The provision requiring
a report of the decisions and that requiring him
to discharge other duties imposed upon him by
the Attorney General are in consecutive lines, and
I move, therefore, to strike out from the word
" to," in the seventh line, to the word " States,"
in the eleventh line, inclusive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the bill be further amended by striking out
the following "words:
To report the decisions of the Court of Claims, and to at-
tend, oil the part of the United States, to all other suits and
eases in the Supreme Court to winch they may be requested
fropi time to tune to attend by the Attorney Guneial of the
United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Illinois whether it is not prob-
able that some of those decisions of the Court of
Claims would be of general interest, so that they
would justify a report. I can imagine that a large
number of the decisions would turn exclusively on
facts, and would not have very general interest,
and some of the decisions might establish prece-
dents which would be valuable for the court here-
after, and also valuable for claimants and the pro-
fessional gentlemen who practice in the court. It
strikes me that that must be the case, though I
•hould defer very much to the opinions of the
Senator from Illinois on that point.
Mr. BROWNING. I suppose that the cases
of mostpublic interest, and those which would be-
come valuable as precedents for other cases, will bo
the cases that will go to the Supreme Court. All
that class of cases will of course be reported as
Supreme Court decisions. If there is anything
of value in the others as precedents to the Court
of Claims by which they arc decided, they have
access to their records at all times, and can ex-
amine them; but the provision as it now stands
provides for a report of all the decisions of the
court. I think it would be going as far perhaps
M we should, to leave such cases as go to the Su-
preme Court to take their places in the Supreme
Court decisions.
Mr. SUMNER,. I will suggest a modification
of the proposition of the Senator, and I throw it
out now as a suggestion on which I should like
his opinion: to leave the first part of the clause to
stand as it is in the bill, and to add after the word
" claims" the words " so far as they may be of
public interest;" so that the clause will read:
To report the decisions of the Court of Claims 90 far as
they may be of public interest.
Mr. HALE. Who shall decide that?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire asks who shall decide that. It must be de-
cided by the reporter. We know that 111 the past
history of our jurisprudence the reporters have
practically decided that very question. They have
not reported every case. In England, the reporters
have reported those cases which, in their opinion,
were of public interest. So the early reporters
in our own country followed their own judgment
in determining what was of public interest. They
did not report everything.
Mr. BROWNING. 1 think, sir, if we provide
for the reporting of these decisions, there will have
to be large appropriations made annually at every
session of Congress to pay for it. 1 am sure there
will be no such sale of the reports as would justify
any reporter in undertaking it as a private enter-
prise; and I feel very confident that there will be
no such intrinsic valuein those that are notdeemed
of sufficient importance to be appealed from as to
justify the expense that it would impose upon the
Government. I still think that all the cases of in-
terest, and that would be valuable as reports, will
reach the public through the reports of the Su-
preme Court. These that are not of sufficient
value or interest to be appealed from to that court
it is not likely will contain anything that will con-
tribute to our legal literature.
Mr. CLARK. I presume this clause contem-
plates nothing more than what is done now. If
the Senator from Illinois, or any other Senator,
will look at the documents furnished him by the
Secretary of the Senate every session, he will find
the reports of the Court of Claims among those
documents; and I will say to the Senator it is very
necessary that we should have those reports, es-
pecially we who have to do with the claims before
the Senate. They are exceedingly useful. Often-
times a claim comes before the Senate or before
the committee in different forms and different as-
pects, and we have to examine the files of the Sen-
ate back for years to see what has been the con-
dition of the claim, how it has been presented, and
what action has been had upon it. At this very
session we had to go back in the files of the com-
mittee and of the Senate to the war of 1812 to ex-
amine precedents which had been cited, and we
found when we came to examine the precedents
that they were not directly the reverse, but bear-
ing on the case in such a way that showed it ought
not to be allowed. Those reports are exceedingly
useful as a guide for future action. I do not un-
derstand tlmt any more expense is to be incurred
than has been heretofore, and I think we had better
retain the provision.
Mr. BROWNING. How are they now made ?
Mr. CLARK. They are made by the clerk. I
do not know how they arc made, precisely, to the
Secretary of the Senate, but they are published
every session; and the Senator receives, as we all
do, three or four of them every session, according
as the business of the court may be. Every claim
is there published.
Mr. BROWNING. If it is intended to be a re-
port of that description, it would be better to make
the provision so specific that there can be no mis-
understanding. As it now stands, it would seem
to indicate a regular report of the decisions, bound
in law binding, as the decisions of the court.
Mr. CLA1UC. This report is not to be made
by a reporter, but by the solicitor; he makes a re-
port of the case; and it is very necessary, it seems
to me, that a report should be made, and should
come to the Senate.
Mr. BROWNING. I have no objection to any-
thing that is deemed beneficial by those who have
more experience in this matter; and if that is the
class of reports proposed, it would be better to
make it so specific that it could not be misunder-
slood.
Mr. CLARK. Then after the word "claims,"
in the eighth line, add the words " as heretofore
reported."
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the ben-
efit of the opinion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. He proposes to insert the words," as here-
tofore reported." If Congress, by this bill, is to
declinc all jurisdiction of"these cases hereafter,
we shall not wantto have any reports made to us.
We shall not need these reports 011 mere questions
of tact. If we are to act on them, we naturally
need these reports. Reports may be made, as I
take it, for two different purposes: one is to Con-
gress in order to assist it in determining the case
finally; another is in order to preserve a precedent
for future use. Now, I take it that if Congress de-
clines all jurisdiction of these matters, the only
reason for publishing these reports will be to pre-
serve precedents for future use; and if that is the
only purpose of these reports, we do not need re-
poi ts of nil the decisions, but only of those decis-
ions which are in their nature precedents.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I think it would
be more in accordance with thespivitand purpose
of this bill to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, for this reason: if we strike out the
clause which now devolves this duty on the so-
licitor, the assistant solicitor, and the deputy so-
licitor, it will make room for two more officers;
and we shall have to appoint a reporter, and also
somebody else, to attend in the Supreme Court of
the United States. That would make two more.
As the bill now stands, it only creates five new
offices—that is, in this seventh section which we
are now amending, it legislates out of office the
gentlemen who now hold the offices of solicitor,
deputy solicitor, and assistant solicitor, and I do
not know but sub-deputy solicitor. It requires
the President hereafter to appoint them, mean-
ing that the appointments now held shall be good
for nothing. That makes room for three new
appointees. Then there is another section of the
bill which I shall propose to amend, if I ever get
a chance. I do not know but the Senator from
Illinois will think I am factious about it. I shall
move to strike out that section which authorizes
the appointment of two new judges. I think, then,
if we get these three officers, the solicitor, the
assistant solicitor, and the deputy solicitor, and
the two additional judges, struck out of this bill,
we shall have pretty much all the milk out-ofthat
cocoanut. [Laughter.]
I hope that this amendment will be adopted; so
that if the bill is to be passed and carricd out,
there shall be a place for two more of them for
the President to appoint; and I hope the amend-
ment will prevail with that view.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think the bill is fairly-
open to the objection and the criticism made by
my colleague. I take it that the direction in the
first part of the seventh section, as to how the
solicitor and assistant solicitor shall be appointed,
is only directory as to the appointments hereafter
made. I do not understand that it contemplates-
by this act of Congress turning out the present
officers and putting in new ones. I do not under-
stand it to be an attempt to create a place.
Mr. HALE. Will my colleague tell me how
they are appointed now?
Mr. CLARK. I suppose in the same way.
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; and therefore I do not
understand it to be a change or an attempt on the-
part of the Senate to get these men out of office
for the purpose of putting in two others. But
whether that be soor'liot, if you turn out two and
put in two, it does not increase the number.
Mr. HALE. It changes the character; thatis-
all.
Mr. CLARK. Well, if my colleague prefers
those who were appointed under the old Adminis-
tration to those that may be appointed under this,
he will be gratified, perhaps, by having them kept
in. But the point is in regard to the reports.
Now, I beg leave to suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts, that not one half of the claims that
naturally come beforo the Senate will go to this
Court of Claims, for it does not provide for all
that large class of claims which will arise out of
the war, for trespasses done or the use of property
by the Army. These will still come before the
Senate. They may be referred to the Court of
Claims by the action of the Senate, and if referred
and acted on there, it would be necessary that
there should be a report, because a case precisely
parallel may come before the Senate and not be
referred to the Court of Claims, and we should
have the benefit of the action of the court in re-
gard to such claims. I think it is pretty import-
ant, as the Senate and the court are to act in some
sort conjointly in some of these matters, that we
should have reports and understand what the
Court of Claims has done. It seems to me we
cannot act intelligently unless we do. As it is an
attempt to make 110 provision in regard to report-
ing, but simply, if you adopt the amendment which
I propose, to keep the matter in the presentchan-
nel of business, which has been found to be a con-
venient one, because we have been continually re-
ferring to these opinions of the court, it seems to
me this had better be as it is. The old way seepis
to be well enough.
Mr. POSTER. I ask whether the present bill
ought not to have been laid aside at the expira-
tion of the morning hour; and I speak in conse-
quence of the bankrupt bill not having had action
now for a length of time, and because, during the
last week, questions in regard to the finances of
the country and to the Army and Navy were par-
ticularly before the country, and I yielded calling
it up, not wishing to antagonize it with matters
of that sort; but when a question of general legis-
lation like this is up, I feel called upon to ask its
turn for the bankrupt bill.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The attention of
the Chair was diverted from the period of time on
the clock, or the Chair would have promptly called
up the order of the day at one o'clock, which is
the unfinished business of its last session, being the
bill (S. No. 463) to authorize the appointment of
three auditors and a solicitor for the quartermas-
ter's department, and to increase the clerical and
other force of the Quartermaster General's office.
