1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
titling interest hare than I do'. If there be any
members who represent a greater interest I trust
they wilt not he ashamed of their constituents, and
that some of thorn will make themselves known.
I withdraw the amendment that I ottered.
Mr. WlfcKLIFFE. 1 move to amend the
amendment by malung the tax on the pure dis-
tilled whisky fifteen cents, and on the rectified
whisky ten cents additional. 1 can tell the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Horton,] who says that
he has heard no complaint of this tax from the dis-
tillers, that more than half the distilleries in my
district have been shut up since the tax was im-
posed. This House first fixed a duty of fifteen
cents a gallon, and when the bill went to theSen-
ate, that body, under the influence of capitalists,
increased it to twenty cents. These rectifiers take
one gallon of good whisky, on which twenty cents
tax is paid, and make two gallons of bad whisky
out of it.
Now, I propose, as an act of justice, and with
a view to get double the revenue we now do. to
put the tax at the rate we first fixed it—fifteen
cents per gallon on the raw whisky made by the
original distiller. The manufacturers of what
they call rectified whisky, but what we call, in
my country, whisky that kills at sight, spoil our
whisky. They put a little coloring in it, and send
it here, calling it old Bourbon. Why, sfr, tin,re
has not been as much whisky manufactured in
Bourbon county, Kentucky, lor the last thirty
years as they consume there. Now, if you le-
duce the tax on the original article to fifteen cents,
and put ten cents per gallon on the rectifies s, you
will get ten cents a gallon out of those \vho spoil
the whisky, and at the same time you will sub-
serve the interests of the manufacturers of the
pure article. I say that it-is unjust that you should
tax the article as produced from the still twenty
cents a gallon, and make the men who adulterate
and spoil if pay no tax.
Mr. HORTON". 1 cannot dispute the statement
of the gentleman from Kentucky, that the distillers
in hisdistnet have had to shut up then distil lei ies.
I have no doubt lie states the fact coneetly. 1
know nothing about that. But { suggest to him
that if there had been no tax at all there would
have been very little distilling in his district last
year. Considering the state of the country, it
would have been very unsafe for distillation to
have been carried on very largely, tax or no tax,
and I expect there has been very little tax col-
lected in that disti ict, But if it be even as he un-
derstands it to be, there have been no lepiesenta-
tions before the Committee of Ways and Means
from his distnot on the subject, and his constitu-
ents have made no complaint in the matter.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman whethei,since the tax on whisky has been
imposed, the puce of whisky, as sold by the dis-
tillers, has not been more, in addition to ilsformet
price, than twenty cents?
- Mr. HORTON. 1 believe it has been just
twenty cent#.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The disordered condition
of the ( urrenry would make U nioie.
Mr. IiORTON. i think it is about twenty
cents on the gold standard, making more than the
difference, because the tax is paid m paper money,
I suggest to the House that although fifteen
cents a gallon might have been a proper tax at
the time the House proposed to impose it, it is
not good policy to change a law just as it is going
into full operation. The Government is only just
beginning to receive the rax from whisky, the
system inaugurated last session is but just begin-
ning to go into systematic operation,and it wuuld
be the height of folly, jn my judgment, to chance
the system now. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that if men make this bad
whisky—which I have no doubt is all he tepre-
sents it to bo—and thus mctcase the quantity, it
does not affect the Treasury of the United States
in any way. That is a matter that affects the
drinkers only.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. The gentleman says he
has had no repreM-ntations fiom distillers in favor
of this redaction of the tax. f Je is nr.r acquainted
with the manner in which whisky is mode in
the western country wheie i live. ('.tpUtilists ran
Send their agents here and-annoy you and enter
the committee-ioom, but the honest tanners and
planters of my State attend to their business.
They distill their o\\ a grain or that of their neigh-
bors. The gentleman says that for some reason
there would have been no whisky distilled in Ken-
tucky even if there had been no tax. I do not
know to what he refers.
Mr. HORTON. 1 refer to the unsettled con-
dition of the country.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. "Why, my dear sir, we
white people out there are as settled as we ever
were. We have been disturbed a little by the
confederate and Federal armies marching through
our country, but they did not live on whisky.
[Laughter.] They did not steal our whisky,
though they drank it when they could get hold of
it. 1 say to the gentleman that I represent nine
counties, in all of which they manufacture this
j aiticle,and that more than half of the distillers
' there have shut up their distillenes, and do not
| manufacture one gallon, on account of the tax.
, [A Member. "Good."] Some member over there
| says good. Well, they made good whisky—1
| don't know whether he drinks it or not.
| Mr. IIORTON. I have no disposition to con-
j trovert anything the gentleman says, especially
| when it iefers to the modesty and honesty of the
| people of Kentucky; but 1 remember very dis-
! unctly seeing more than one member of the dele-
gation fiom Kentucky last year in regard to to-
bacco and in relation to whisky.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. Last year?
Mr. HORTON. Yes, sir, last year.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Did they not represent
one of the large distilleries or manufactories at
Cincinnaii?
Mr. IIORTON. No, sir; they did not.
Mr.WiCKLIFFE. Name them, if you please.
Mr. HORTON. We had some before the com-
mittee who did represent the huge distilleries, but
we had some before us whoespecinlly prided them-
selves upon beinglaigely inteiested in high-priced
whisky; the puie, genuine article of Bourbon
whisky; good enough for anybody to drink, but
espe< lally adapted to Kentucky. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammei fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the amendment so as to make the tax sixteen cents
per gallon. At the last session of Congress, w hen
the tax bill was pending, I made some sugges-
| Hons of the kind that I am now about to make,
I but I feel it to be my duty to repeat them now. 1
; wish to say to the committee that the gentleman
! from Ohio, [Mr. 13 ok ro\,j who professes to have
1 such perfect knowledge of all the distillers in the
i country and then- inteiests, is certainly mistaken
j so far as the distillers in my disttict are eou-
! eerncd. Whether they hove besieged the com-
; mittee-room or not 1 do not know. 1 assume they
i have not, from the fact that the gentleman has not
I heard from th<m. But certain it is that 1 have
| received a great many communications upon this
| subject, all asking that a ieduction shall be made
i in tfie tax and urging that many distilleries have
j been closed because1 of the high tax upon whisky.
' 1 thought when the law was enacted that this tax
: on whisky was an exorbitant tax. 1 think it too
, high now. 1 know that one paitof the gentle-
; man's statement is correct, and that a great many
j of the distillers in the Wist have made consider-
I able sums of money on the stock they had on hand
I at the time.
| The gentleman must know, and the commit-
i tee does know, 1 have no doubt, that the money
: that has been made on whisky has been made
i more by a class of speculators, who held large
j .stocks on hand and forced up the price, than in
! any other way. And to-day the speculators are
■ trying to have the tax increased with a view of
running up the price still higher and realizing
larger profits. The truth is that the tax is so high
that it has caused many of the distilleries in the
: West to be shut up,and we cannot dispose of our
com m any other way. We cannot get it to mar-
ket, and on that account we have been selling it
at ten, twelve, and fifteen cents a bushel. The
fanners, not being able to get then corn to mar-
ket, havr had to sell it at tlu.se low Kites to dis-
tillers; and if the distilh nes are closed up, the
' farmers wi'l not be able to get any saie fm their
corn. I believe the distilleries can manage to pay
' a tax of ten or fifteen cents a gallon, and still con-
I tinue in,existence. It is, therefore, with a view
to the permanent advantage of both the distillers
and the farmers that 1 propose to reducc the tax
to sixteen cents a gallon. 1 believe that that rate
will be productive of more revenue to the Gov-
ernment than the present rate; and i hope the com-
mittee will consider it rather in the light of doing
what is just to the distilling and producing inter-
ests of the country than as a tax to operate against
the article of whisky because its use as a beveiage
is productive of evil effects.
The question was taken on Mr. Kellouu's
amendment to the amendment, and it was u jected.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. LEHMAN. I move to amend by adding,
after line one hundred and eighty-one, the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That anv person taking out a wholesale liquor
dealer's licence shall not be required to take out a letail
liquor dealer's license.
I have no doubt that this amendment will meet
with the appioval of the Committee of Ways and
Means, because it involves a principle which will
address the good sense and judgment of the com-
mittee. Under the oi igmal bill a tax of $100 was
imposed on wholesale liquor dealers as a license
to carry on the business, and twenty dollars as a
license for retail liquor dealers; and accmdmg to
the decision of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, the wholesale liquor dealer who sold any
liquor by retail is compelled to pay both 'licenses,
which is contKii y to the pi mciplo of law that the
major involves the minor. This provision is sim-
ply declaratory in Us terms, that the wholesale
liquor dealer who pay s a license for that business
shall not be also required to pay an additional
license of twenty dollars for doing a retail busi-
ness. That is, if he sells liquors in huge quan-
tities, and is also called upon in the couiseof his
business to sell to a customer, as a mere matter
ot convenience, a bottle of wine or a bottle of
brandy, he shall not be required to take out a
letailei's license.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise particularly to
oppose the amendment except to say that, accord-
ing to the gentleman's theory, whoever would
have taken out a license as wholesale dealer would
be also a retail dealer, without anything further.
We might as well abolish the distinction between
them. 1 think we had better not do it.
The question was taken on Mr. Lehman's
amendment, and it was njected.
Mi. STEVENS. In uider that we may act on
the report of a committee of conference before the
Senate adjourns, 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mi. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and especially Ii >use bill No. 707, and
had come to no conclusion theieon.
IXDIAN APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take from the
Speaker's table, and refer to the Committee of
Ways and Means, the Senate amendments to
House bill No. 731, making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
vatious Indian tribes for the year ending June 30f
1864.
The motion was agreed to.
WAYS AND M13.1NS.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the com-
mittee of confuence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to House
bill No. 6">9, to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, to make a report.
The report was read. It recommends that
the House recede from its disagreement to the
twelfth, thirteenth, twenty-second, and twenty-
fifth amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the fust amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree t<> the same.
That the Senate rec de from us disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the twentieth
amendment of the St note, and agiee to the same.
That the Senate recede fiom the sixth, ninth,
and tenth amendments to the second section of
the bill, and agree to amend the same, as follows:
Strike out all after the word " that." m the fir^t liae, to
