THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
object or intention is to follow the lead of Mr.
Jefferson in, this;matter.
But, sir, what were the facts connected with that
case ? I -have- before nae the fourth volume of
.Cranch's Reports, in which the case ex parte Boll-
man mid ex parte Swari-wom is fully reported. I
will read the first clause of that report, going to
what was done with those persons:
" " This case came before the court on an application, by
motion, for a habeas corpus, to the marshal of the District
©f Columbia", to bring up the bodies of Samuel Swartwout 
find of Brick Bolfman, both of whom hud been committed
by the circuit court of that District, on a charge of treason
against the United States; and.for a certiorari to bring up
the record of the commitment," &c.
That isa recital of the facts of the case. Swart-
wout and Bollman had, at the instance of Mr.
Jefferson, been taken before the circuit court of
the United States in this District, and they were
committed for further trial. Application was made
to the Supreme Court of the United States, then
in session, for a writ of habeas corpus to investi-
gate the chse, and decide whether they were law-
fully or unlawfully imprisoned. They were
brought before the Supreme Court of the United
States^-and, after a most elaborate argument, an
exhaustive decision wasdelivered by Chief Justice
Marshall discharging them. And yet the Sena-
tor adduces Mr. Jefferson as authority to sustain
the- usurpations of the present Administration.
Sir, does- President Lincoln allow the writ of
fwibeascorpus to be executed ? No, sir; it has been
refused over and over again. In the first instance,
the execution of a writ issued by the Chief Justice
of the United States was refused; and since then
the, execution of writs issued by the judges in
various States of the Union has been refused,
and it is now refused. , Hundreds of the citizens of
the United States have languished in prison for
jmomhs upon months, protesting their innocence,
demanding toknow the charges against them, and
the President has refused to allow the courts to
investigate the cases; and lie holds some of them,
.perhaps, to this day, pining in filthy dungeons.
And yet Mr. Jefferson's name is to be invoked
as justifying such conduct. Sir, the whole his-
tory,of that illustrious man proves that he was
-unalterably opposed to ail such usurpations of
power. All he ever did justify was the seizing
and bringing to this place of those two persons.
He does,-incidentally, justify General Wilkinson
ir> that; but he never did, as far as 1 am advised,
justify the suspension of the writof habeas corpus.
I was obliged to the Senator for invoking the name
of Mr. Jefferson, in order that I might have the
opportunity of vindicating his name from this
charge, ami setting the mauer light in public
opi-nion.
I have frequently hoard it stated that Mr. Jef-
ferson advised the suspension of the wt it of habeas
corpusy but such is not the fact. Head his mes-
sage. He does not ask thai it be suspended. lie
merely gives the facts in his possession; and,
thereupon, the Senate of the United States did pass
a biil suspending the wiitof/taftea# corpus for three
months. That bill went to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and there the son-in-law of Mr. Jeffer-
son moved to reject the bill, and on his motion
it was rejected. These are the facts. This is the
history as it stands recorded in the annals, in
no event can the authority of Mr. Jefferson be
invoked fur these arbitrary arrests, and for the
confinement of persons in these bastiies for lone;
mouths, without a hearing, without a tiial. There
wer^ two persons brought to him, and he instantly
Landed them over to the couits tu be tried. The
writ of habeas corpus was sued out, and the prison-
ers were brought before the court, and discharged
from imprisonment. Can the Senator point to
any such action as that on the part of President
Lincoln?
But enough, Mr. President, on that point. The
Senator from Indiana undertook to shelter him-
self by quoting Judge Douglas. I well know
the conduct of Judge Douglas touching all these
matters. I know that, although that illustrious
man announced that war would be disunion, eter-
naldisunion, he was in favoi of its vigorous prose-
cution after the inauguration of the war; but there
are some other tilings that Senator Douglas said
about that time, with which, if the Senator will
allow me, I propose to refresh his memory. Mr.
Douglas, mi the 27th of April, 1861, a short time
prior to his death, and after the war had com-
menced, delivered a speech before the Legislature
of his own State, in which he used this language,
to which I invite the attention of the Senator from
Indiana:
" I think I can appeal to friend and foe—I use it in a po-
litical sense, and I trust I use the word foe in a past sense
—I can appeal to them with confidence that I have never
pandered to the prejudice or passion of my section against
the minority section of this Union, and will say to you now,
with all frankness and in all sincerity, that I wnl never
sanction nor acquiesce in any warfare whatever upon.the
constitutional rights or domestic institutions of the people
of tiie southern States. On the contrary, if there was an
attempt to invade those rights, to stir up servile insurrec-
tions among their people, I would rush to their rescue, and
inteipose with whatever of strength I might possess to de-
fend them from such a calamity."
That was the utterance of Judge Douglas in one
of the last speeches that distinguished patriot ever
made. How is it with his follower fiotn Indiana?
We find that the President has done these very
things which Judge Douglas condemned; and in
that speech he declared that if they were done, he
would defend the South with all the strength he
had. We find that the President has attempted
to overthrow the institutions of the people of the
South; we find by his proclamation that he is en-
deavoring to incite rebellion and insurrection
among the slaves; and yet the Senator follows the
President in opposition to the sound, healthy, hu-
mane, constitutional teachings of his chief, Mr.
Douglas.
I had hoped that the honorable Senator would
have followed the teachings of Mr. Douglas. Sir,
with that declaration in his mouth, co-uld Mr.
Douglas, if he were here, approve, as the Senator
does, of the emancipation proclamation of the
President? Could Mr. Douglas ever have voted,
as the Senator has voted, to arm slaves ? No, sir;
no. His proud heart would have rejected with
contempt any such proposition. The Senator
pretends to be the follower of Mr. Douglas; he
quotes his language; and yet here is a recorded
speech of that gallant chieftain, one of the last he
ever made, and made after the war commenced,
in which he says he would throw his whole force
in favor of the South if such things were attempted.
They are now attempted; they are now being
carried out; and the follower of Mr. Douglas is
shouting huzza! huzza! to the chief who destroys
the Constitution of the country and overthrows
the institutions of sovereign States. Sir, the Sen-
ator is again unfortunate in his authority when he
adduces Mi. Douglas.
Again: the Senator, in the speech to which I
am referring, seems to object greatly to party or-
ganization, and he makfs a fling at fourteen gen-
tlemen of the free States who had the audacity to
issue an address to the people of the United States
advocating the reorganization of the Democratic
party. The Senator says:
"Twelve months ago, fourteen men, in the name of De-
mocracy, U'vss than one fouith ot the Democrats in both
Houses of Congte.ss, issued tlieir call foi Hie oigamzation
j of a parly in this hour of om trial; ami to tins may be traced
; the cause of the piesent division in the Noiti;, the bittei par-
[ tisan controversies the indulgence of private feelings, op-
| position to the draft, the disco mage merit of enlistments the
; airaymgof party against paity ; these ate the legitimate
truitd ot such oigauizationb at such a time."
1 Sir, I approve most highly of the conduct oft hose
| fourteen gentlemen. I believe they did right in
j issuing that address. They stood iif this Capitol
| and they saw that the Constitution and the liber-
ties of the people were about to be overthrown;
they saw that the Constitution of their country was
violated in almost every vital pait by those in au-
thority. They, as faithful sentinels on the watch-
tower of liberty, sounded the ahum to the people.
They caiied attention to the facts; they asked the
members of that proud and noble pai ty, the Dem-
ocratic party, to rally to the rescue; and notwith-
standing their numbers were few, the result of that
call has been wonderful indeed. It has resulted,
as the Senator says, in the overthrow of^ie Re-
publican party in Indiana, in Illinois, in Ohio, in
iNew Jersey, in New York,and in Pennsylvania;
and these glorious victories, I trust and believe,
will roll on until State after State shall rally under
that proud old banner.
So far from the Senator censuring, as he docs,
those gentlemen, in my judgment he should ap-
plaud them for their noble and gallant conduct m
sending forth that address to the people whose
liberties were imperiled. The Senator makes no
assault upon the address, but yet he seems to con-
demn it. What is there in that address to which
the Senator objects? He has made no direct as- i
sault upon any part of it. That address, in my
judgment, contains many great truths which will
exist as long as civil liberty is appreciated. So
far from these gentlemen beingcondemned,! think
that all lovers of constitutional liberty should ap-
prove their conduct, for in that address they called
upon the liberty-loving men throughout the whole
land to rescue the Constitution of the country
from those who were trampling it under foot.
The people have nobly, proudly, sublimely re-
sponded to that call, ad is evidenced by the vic-
tories they have achieved. -Every thrust and
every assault made upon those gentlemen for that
address will elevate them more and more in the
esteem of the people.
The Senator asked if loyalty to the Government
is reconcilable with hostility to the minister who
administers the Government. I will read the
whole of that sentence:
"Men boast their loyalty to the Constitution and laws,
butdonv that they owe allegiance to any man. Granted that
allegiance i  duo to the Government under which we live,
but is theie nothing due to the agent who is the representa-
tive of the unity, power, sxtid -trongth of the Government?
is loyalty to the Government reconcilable with hostility to
the minuter wh,o administers the Government ?"
The Senator virtually answers the question.
When you take into consideration the whole text
you will find that the Senator clearly indicates that
hostility to the minister is not reconcilablewith loy-
alty to the Government. That is theplain English
of the honorable Senator's assertion. I differ from
the honorable Senator upon that point. The world,
ever since stiuggles have been going on between
theexecutivepowerontheone hand, and the con-
stitution and civil rights and liberty of the people
on the other, has differed from the Senator. His-
toiy is full of illustrations and examples of this
kind. I suppose that the honorable Senator thinks
that the iron Barons, when at Runnymede they
exacted the great charter from the pusillanimous
John, were not loyal to their Government because
they were hostile to the prince that ruled; but,
sir, the world has attested otherwise. They were
hostile to King John. They struck boldly, they
struck successfully, for the liberties of the people.
Their object was to rescue the liberties of the Brit-
ish people from the hand of that usurping tyrant,
and they did it; and the whole world from that
day to this has been filled with their praise, ex- •
cept when they have been assaulted by despots
and tyrants and their minions. There ^s a
paity arrayed against the executive power, and
they manfully stood their ground until they res-
cued the ancient liberties of the English people by
vthe exaction of the Great Charter from that tyrant
king; and if the Senator had lived in that day, en-
tertaining the sentiments he now does, he would
of course have opposed the Barons and adhered
to the party of King John. That is not the only
illustrious example in the history of our ances-
tors. In 10^8 Parliament demanded the Petition
of Right from another of the British kings, who
was exercising and claiming power to which he
was not entitled, under the constitution and laws
of the British empire. They fearlessly and boldly
demanded the Petition of Right ns a further secu-
rity of the liberty of the people. Theygotit. And
f'uither: in 1688 there was another struggle that
resulted in driving an English king from the
throne, the second James; and they demanded,
before they allowed his successors, William and
Mary, to mount the throne, a Bill of Rights. These
were struggles against those in power. Were
those men disloyal to theircountry because of the
hostility shown to the executive, to the minister?
The Senator, no doubt, would pronounce them
disloyal. The world has pronounced them hos-
tile to the prince, but loyal to the constitution and
laws of their country, and defenders of the rights
and liberty of the people.
The instances that I have given are cases where
the people, or the representatives of the people,
united against usuipers, against the executive
power. Each time glorious results followed in
favor of constitutional and civil liberty. The world
in full of illustrious personal examples. I suppose
the Senator-would differ from the whole world in
the eulogy it has passed upon John Hampden,
upon Algernon Sidney, and Russell, bold and'dar-
ing friends of civil liberty who, in their day and
time, struck against executive power. Sir,they
were hostile to the minister; they were hostile to
the king because he usurped the powers that be-
longed to the people and rarliament. He carried
