THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF OONGIJESB. PUBLISHED BY J0HN.C. IUVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirtv-Seyenth Congress. 3d Siphon*.
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 180:3.
New Series No. S3.
the end of the m^oihI section, with al! tin* ftiueuthneuN
thereto.and uiscit llie following, ami that the Ilmw -dgioe
to tin' s.itnc:
'' The Secretary of the Treasury he, ami hen !>v i«, author-
ized to is-ue on Hie credit of the united J3t.ite.--. K'U.OuO.OuO
ill Tiea*-uiy note-*, pa) able at the ph-a^ute ot th* United
States, 01 at such time or times not exceediiis tint c years
after date, as may be found mo-t henetteial to the public
interests., at a inte not etc iCiluiE fix pei crnt. pei annum,
payable at pei iocK ex pre on the t.tee of *:iul Tiea->Ut v
notes; and the iiiteic-t on said Ttca^ury notes and mi the
ccitificates of indebtedness on deposit hereafter l-^uctl -hall
be paid in tavviu! mom-}. The TicnMiry notes thiK issued
shall be ot su<-U ihMioiiuiiai r.ms a*- the r-eciel ir\ in.u nil eel,
not less than ten dollar, and may he di-no edot on the b^t
teims that can be obtained, 01 mav he p.U'l to any cieditor
of tlie lTmted Stato wilimc to leoetve the -same at lira. And
e.iid Tit*atiu\ noti-v, may ho made a le^ai tender to (he ^ame
extent a  United State's note-, lbi then taee value, exclud-
ing interPst.oi tlnn maj he made exchangeable, !<•■;
illations pi< set ib< d !n the Ser.i'taiv oi the Thm->ih#\ , by the
holder tlieieot at the Ti t*a>-ui v in the cit\ ot YVlHiiii«ton or
at the, office of any A^si-tdiit Tiea-niei ot depo.-itaiy de-atr
liated foi that pmpo-e, tor United States notes equal in
amount to tlie Tiea-any note* od'cred for exchange to^ethei
with the intere-t accrued and due theieon at tne date of Uic
interest payment is'wt preceding such exehiinac. And m
hen of any amount ot Mid 'f re.iMiiy note* that mav be ex-
changed or ledeemed or paid after matuuty. the Sec;ei aiy
may isMie an equal amount of other Trea-uiy notes-; tnd
the Tiva«uiy iv>ie<j exchanged, redeemed, or paid shall
be canceled and destroyed as tiie Secietaiy ma\ dnect. (n
ordei to secure a certain and pioinpf exchange ot United
States notes tor Tiea^uiy note*. when lequued at, above
provided, the Secretary shah have power to i-^ue Tinted
States notes to the amount ot $150,000.(100, whieh may he
UMjd, if nece^ar}., (01 Mich exchange ; liuf no p n t of tiie
United States notes authorized bv tin-' •-(.•eurm shall he is-
sued for or applied to any oUiet purpose than -aid exchange ;
and whenever any amount shall have been so i.-.-ued and
applied, the snm  Miall he ieplaced a- soon as po—jble 110111
the &ules ot Treasury notes tor the United States note.-,."
Tlie committee were unable to agree on the
twenty-third amendment of the Senate.
Mr. B1DDLE. I will suggest that it will tend
greatly to elucidate this matter, ifsome oneon the
committee of conference willgive us in substance
what lias been done. The result of what has been
done is not very intelligently set forth by the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Most of Uks-j amendments
are of comparatively little importance, and I .sup-
pose the gentleman does not care about an expla-
nation of them. Only two amendments of any real
importance were committed to us. The first, with
regard to the $400,000,000 of Treasury notes bear-
ing interest at a rate not exceeding six per cent.,
payable at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury within three years, wasamemled by tiie 1
Senate so as to make ihetn a legal tender for the
amount expressed on their face; that is, if they j
passed from hand to hand as a cm rency, as a lejjal
tender, they wre to pass at their par value on tin ir 1
face expressed. If, how ever, they \\ ere converted '
into the bonds of the United States, beating in- '
terest at six per cent., icdeemahle at the end of 1
twenty years, then the interest was to be added .
to the principal hi the purchast of such bonds. In ;
other words, if the party holding them chose to :
keep them until the interest had accumulated so |
as to make it worth while to withdiaw them and :
convert them, he was to be allowed the mutest,
but if he chose to pass them off as cuneney from
hand to hand, he was to pass them at their face
value. That was the amendment of the Senate.
To that the I louse disagreed.
The commutec of conference agreed to recom-
mend that the $400,000,000 of1Treasury notes shall
be issued, all beaimg the same rate of intei est,
lea\ing it al the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury to make sueh portion as he may deem
that the public necessity requires a legal' tendt'r
at their face value, the .same as expre^st d in the
amendment of the Senate, allowing the holder,
however, at any time lie may choose, to convert
them into the ordinary legal tender notes. That is,
suppose 011 a nolo for $100 the inteiest has accu-
mulated Jo the amount of three dollars, instead of
converting it into the 'ootids of the Government, :
he is permitted to take it to the Treasury and re- :
ceive §103 for it in legal tender notes. He is to use
it for its face vaiue only when it circulates as cur- '
rency. ,
Then, if the United States should not always .
be in fumlN with legal tender—as fjom the amend- 1
83 '
ments likely to be adopted they probably will not
be—to red-'ein them when brought in, ihc Socie-
tal y of the Treasury ;s to have the right to ls^tie
temporally for their redemption the amount of
lentil tender notes that may be necessary for such
redemption, using them for that purpose only, and
calling them in as soon afterward as possible,
either by the sale of bonds or by any means by
which he is authorized to raisr legal tender.
1 should have mentioned that instead of issuing
the $.300,000,000 of je^al tender not* s, including the
f?100,000,000.mtborized by joint resolution during
tlie present scsmon as contained m the House bill,
we have cut that amount down as the Senate did to
^150,000,000, leaving, therefore, but ^30,000,000
to be issued m addaion to the $100,000,000 author-
ized as 1 have said by joint resolution already
passed, unless in the conn agency to which I ha\e
referred before for the redemption of theniteiest-
beai ing notes.
The only other impottant matter of disagree-
ment between the two Houses was in reference to
the tax on banks.
Mi. F.A, CONKXING. I wi«h to ask the gen-
tleman from Penni-vIvanm, with his permission,
when the <3400,000.000 of interest-bearing legal
tender notes have ah been issued, if they are all
issued as lenal tenders, what amount of legal ten-
d'M notes will then have been authorized in the
ag^i egate J
Mr. STEVENS. If the entire amount of in-
terest-bearing notes, the entue £ 100,000,000, are
al! issued as legal tenders, the entue amount will
then be £50,000,000 mow m addition to those we
ha\ e a!ready authorixed.
Mr. V. A. COX [CLING. Then 1 wish to in-
quire how many have been alieady authotized?
Mr. STCVENS. Three hundred million dol-
lars wei e fust au thon?ed, as the gentleman know«,
0} wine1' $00,000,000 ore to be kept constantly on
hand, for winch you pay on interest of lour p< r
cen t., so that $*250 1100,000 is 1 eail y the only amount
we have anibut ized hert U>fo,v. Then there was
the $100,000,000 authorized the other day. as the
gentleman knows.
Mr. \l \fvER. I would hke to ask the gentle-
man fnun Pennsylvania if theie is any limn to the
amount of legal tender notes that may be issued
to icdeeni the §400,000,000 of inteiest-beai mg
notes; whether the Secretary of the Treasury may
r-soe fer the £100,000,000 inteivst-beaiing notes
$400,000,000 in addihon of legal tender notes5
Ml. STEVENS. iSo, mi i he ns allowed to issue
an amount not to ixurd £350,000,000 for that
pu rpuse.
Now, .sii, I believe I have answered all the rpies-
lions that have been asked m reference to this
amendment, and I propose, theiefoie, to pioeeed
to evplain the other in reference to the bank tax.
Kv'i yhody knows that the House uudeistands
p<ifec'lya!l that i>. done in all us be.mugs; no
munber is ignoiant of the slightest detail in our
action, [ laughter,] and 1 need not state, theiefbi e?
that the tax which wc ougmated on banks, and
sent to the S<.'nate, was a graduated tax, strik-
ing immediately at the circulation of the country
biiulrs, not touching, a-4 we all of couise luiow,
the e.iiy banlcs atoll I'he Senate put on 111 audi-
tion to that a tux of one per cent, foi a given pe-
riod, and then two per cent. To that the [louse
disajjn ed, and the committees have not bt en able
to agree upon that point. We have therefore re-
ported a disa<rreem< nt ni that leypect.
Mr. WASliCLTi!NE. inouiei to test the sense
of the House, I piopose to move that the House
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That motion will not be in
order until the House have acted on the report01 ;
the comminee so far as they have agieed.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to say here that j
if the House agree with the committee so far as i
they have gone, it will then be competent for them
to reccde from their disagreement to the Senate
amendment in reference to the bank*?, «.r it will be
competent for the Hous< to uiM^t <>n its disagree-
ment to that amendm< nt, and appoint another
committee of confemicu on it
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand the previous
question on agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference.
Mi. ROSCOE CONKLING, \ nsetoaqucs-
tion of <>rder. The gentleman fiorn Illinois ob-
tained tlu: floor for a certain purpose, and I insist
that he cannot retain it for another.
The SPEAKER, Tiie Chair will state that the
gentleman from Illinois obtained the floor, and
made a motion which the Chair decided out of
order. That, however, would not take him from
the floor to make a motion in order. The ques-
tion is 011 seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask per-
mission to make an inquny of the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania,
Theie was no objection.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the gentleman to say the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to issue $400,000,000 of
interest-bearing notes payable at any time within
three years, to be made a legal tender or not, at
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Then, as*
I understand it, the Secretary of the Treasury is
to have the power of deciding what shall be money
under this Government?
Mi. STEVENS. The gentleman has, no doubt,
correctly apprehended the amendment. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to withdraw his demand fof
the previous question, to enable me to say a word
or two on the subject of this repoit.
Mr. WASHBIJRNE. As the gentleman from
Veimont is a member of the committee, I will
withdraw and yield to him if he will renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to the
gentleman yielding unless he yields the floor un-
conditionally.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I yield the floor uncon-
ditionally if he will renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. Tbcgentleman cannot yield
upon that condition if objection be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, sir, 1 withdraw
the demand foi the previous question.
Mr. MORR'LL, of Veimont. Mr. Speaker,
rs a member of th'* Committee I wish to say that
I could not agree to the propositions which have
been reported for the adoptton of the House.
The fitst m importance is in relation to thefouf
hundred millions of Treasury notes bearing inter*
est, With the alternative ot making them legal
tendei at once or convertible into legal tender at
, the will of the holder. I consider that in effect to
be the scitne as g i % ing the Secretary of theTreas-
; ury authoiity to make and issue that amount of
legal tender notes. The public will so regard it,
I think 'hat it is bad policy for the Secutary to
have the power, because it will have all of the «lis-
advanlage* of an inflation of the cuneney with-
out the advantages. The apprehension that the
power lodged in the law may be used will be al-
most as piuductivc of evil as th1' actual u^e of it.
In relation to th<- tax on the banks, by the
llou^e bill we pioposed i\ tax with a graduated
scale which would have leached and collected the
present and any future bank inflation of the cur-
icncy. The Senate amendment sviil not pi oduce
that "lesult. What is desired by the Government
is to avoid the competition of the banks in the
way of cncuhuion. By the proposition of the
House we stiuck a blow at once at between forty
and fifty millions of the present circulation ot the
banks. We put it out of their power, or rather
so that it could not be for their interest, to increase ^
their circulation. By the proposition of the Sen- *
ate it i?s pioposed to tax the entire circulation one
half of one pur cent, semi-annually for two years;
after that, one per cent, semi-annually. That
ought not to be passed, lor li is not just; because it
does not tax the banks of the Atlantic cuies and
of other portions of the country which haveluige
