m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
prise at the Senator's statement; but he was mis-
taken. So far from their having-been reelected,
, they are among the politicians that are defunct.
The lion-hearted Democracy in the persons of the
•gallant Harrington, Edgerton, and McDowell,
have rolled.the car of Democratic progress over
and they exist as Congressmen no more
-after ;the 4th of March; but their places will be
•filled by true Democrats. I am surprised that my
worthy friend could have been so much mistaken
about matters in his own State. I know it is an
(ULOirpgt mistake, but it is a most egregious one.
Where, sir, in that State did the battle wage
-the fiercest? Mr. Voorhees, who represented
the seventh congressional district of Indiana, was
'elected in 1860 by a majority of 1,014; he was
reelected in 1869 by 2,481, an increased majority
of over fourteen hundred. It is well known that
that gallant and eloquent champion of the Democ-
racy voted against all these extreme measures at
the last session of this Congress. It is known that
& more fiercely than Any other man in that House,
perhaps, denounced the Administration for its
profligacies, its corruptions, nd its venalities. It
is well known throughout the whole valley of the
Mississippi that all the power and force of the
Republicans were directed against that eloquent
tvnd noble .young champion of the constitutional
liberties of the people. It was the seventh con-
gressional district against which the Republic-
ans of Indiana, more than any other district,
aimed, their blows; there the battle waged fiercest,
■and what was the result? He was gloriously and
- triumphantly elected by an increased majority of
•over fourteen hundred votes, and no man can say
that the fight did not rage fiercer in the seventh
district than any qj.her. Mr. Voorhees was a
bright and a burning light in the camp of the De-
mocracy. He was their favorite,and all thehordes
-of Republicanism tried to beat down that noble
and eloquent young champion, but they failed.
The gallant and noble-hearted Democracy of that
district took, him in their arms and bore him aloft
and placed him again in Congress over the heads
of nil of his assailants and adversaries. No man
was ever hunted more fiercely in a political con-
test.
e 'But  siv> *n latter part of the statement of the
Senator he says that in at leastone instance those
who voted against the tax law were returned by
reduced majorities. There was Judge Law, an
&nd pure patriot and an able statesman, in
the first congressional district- his majority fell
off 365 votes; he was elected, however, by a ma-
jority of 2,384. It fell off only 365, and put him
and VooitiiEEs together, and the two increased
their majority overa thousand votes; but, sir, the
majority of Judge Law, as I am informed by the
people m that district—for I live upon its very
border—was reduced because the Democrats from
that district were in the war. That is the declara-
tion, but the decrease was very insignificant. He
js a true and noble-hearted old patriot, and he
voted against all these extreme measures,
iNow, sir, the gentleman may try to get hope
fiom the fact that, in the second congressional
•district,Mr. Cravens voted in favor of the tax law.
Mr. Cravens is the distinguished Representative
of the second district. He was elected in 1860 by
a majority of 540; in 1802, he was reelected by a
majority of 4^700, an increased majority of 4,160.
It is true, so far as the tax law is concerned,
u nf1"' Cravens voted but ^ is also true
that Mr. Cravens voted against the negro meas-
ures of the President. He voted ngainst the con-
fiscation bill; he voted against arming negroes;
,Jie voted against the negro policy throughout; and
lie adhered to the organization of the Democratic
party, if he was wrong in voting for the tax law
and, as to that act, I will not blame or praise it 
many were his virtues in opposing all the radical
doctrines of the abolitionists, who proposed to
overthrow the institution of slavery, to arm the
slaves, and to pass an unconstitutional confisca-
tion bill. The gallant people of his district Wave
him for that error, if error it was. I d.o not say
it was an error, though I voted against the tax
They triumphantly returned him by
.4,700 majority He did not do as the Senator
am—leave the Democratic organization—and he
now stands in his seat in the House of Represent-
atives; and I read,.the other day, a noble speech
of his, tn&oe in that House, in which he boldly
arraigned the President for his negro policy. He
January 19,
stands shoulder to shoulder with the constitu-
tional Democracy on these questions.
In another district, Mr. Holman was reelected.
On reference to the Journals, I find that Mr. Hol-
man did not vote at allsupon the tax law. I
have heard it said that he has stated that, if he
were present, he would have voted for it; but Mr.
Holman, also, was against the Administration
upon all these extreme measures. He was against
all their emancipation negro policy; he was against
their confiscation bill, as I am advised; and he
was reelected by a majority of 2,934; whereas he
was elected, in 1860, by a majority of only 292.
His majority, therefore, was increased 2,742.
Then, when the matter is summed up, it seems
that of Uiose who advocated the confiscation bill
and the emancipation negro policy of the Presi-
dent, not one was reelected by an increased ma-
jority. Two of them were reelected, but by very
much diminished majorities. The two who voted
against the tax law and all radical measures of
the Administration are members of the next Con-
gress. Two more, one who voted for the tax law
and another who did not, but avowed that he
would perhaps have voted for it if he were pres-
ent, and who voted against the confiscation and
emancipation policy, were reelected by increased
majorities. Howthe Senator can reconcile these
facts with the statement he made in his speech
about the Indiana election, I leave it for him to
decide. He is certainly more mistaken than a
gentleman ever was about an election in his State,
for I do not conceive how a gentleman could be
more profoundly in error than the Senator has
exhibited himself in that statement.
Mr. President, the Senator speaks a good deal
about Democracy. He quotes in Ins speech a
certain resolution passed in Indiana, and then
proceeds to say:
"Such are the appeals made to the people in the name of
Democracy. < O! Liberty, what atrocities arc committed
in thy name !' was the uttered sentiment of Madame Ro-
land. O! Democracy, how art thou abused hy thy Mp-
wors-liipcrs ! If Democracy requires that I shall assist in
sowing dissensions among sections, stimulate the local pre-
judices of one State a^unst another, and thus foment in-
ternecine strile wjirre there should be undisturbed harmony,
I shall cease to be a Democrat."
Does not the honorable Senator know that his
course in Congress makes him liable to this very
charge > What more could he do to sow strife be-
tween the sections of the country, than to advo-
cate the emancipation proclamation of the Pres-
ident, the confiscation bill, and the arming of
slaves? The conduct of the Senator could not have
been shaped better to effect the very object of
which he complains. He savs that all this is done
in the name of Democracy. With great deference
to the honorable Senator, I will not say what name
he wears politically; but there is one thing I do
know, the acts to which I have alluded were not
done in tliename of Democracy". The gentleman
is not acting with the Democracy; he. is acting
with the opponents of the Democracy; he was
acting with the Republicans and the extreme abo-
litionists when he did these things. I hope the
Democracy will never be charged with the votes
of the Senator. He was without the organization
in his own State; was in battle array against it
traversing his State from one end to the otherj
making political speeches against the organization
of the Democracy in Indiana. They regarded him
as out of their organization; and in addition to
having to beat the Republicans and the aboli-
tionists united, they had to overcome the great
popularity and potentinfluenceoftheScnatorhim-
self, thrown into the scale with the abolitionists.
ls what made the triumph more signal. They
not only triumphed over their -ancient enemies,
but one of their most popular and famous leaders
had deserted their standard; in a word, he had left
the household of the faithful and had joined the
tents of the wicked, and was doing battle against
his old friends; and yet they conquered them all.
I hope the action of the honorable Senator may
never be quoted as the doings of a Democrat. I
know how the Democracy of Indiana regard him,
as outside ot the organization.
But, sir, the Democracy have been a party that
have ever stood firm to the Constitution of their
country. They have resisted encroachments upon
it from the days of Jefferson to this hour. It is a
party of law and order. They know that we can
have liberty only by observing the Constitution
and faithfully executing it. They believe in lib- I
erty projected by Jaw. That has been the creed
of that time-honored party in the service of which
the Senator has devoted his life until this unhappy-
civil war; and after the Senator went out of that
organization, we find him voting for confiscation
bills, and/or measures to arm the slaves.
The Senatoradvocatesthe suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus by the Executive; he is in favor of
the negro emancipation proclamation of the'Pres-
ident. This speech, if gentlemen will read it, will
show that he approves it fully, not in so many
words, but the inference is so clear there can be no
doubt about it. He goes in for the martial-law
proclamation, and he tells us that he wants to see
one hundred thousand slaveholders running one
way and a million negroes anotherway. Where
does he want the one hundred thousand slave-
holders to go? Into the Gulf? Where does he
want the million negroes to go? Does he want
them to go^ to the State of Indiana, or the free
North ? It is clear from that declaration of the Sen-
ator that he does not wish the Union restored as
it was, with the Constitution as it is, because the
slave owners and slaves were ^hen together. The
Senator wants them apart, the masters to go one
way and the negroes the other.
The Senator favors this proclamation of the
President, and he says he has supported, and will
support, the President in all his great measures.
The President has been dodging about a good
deal, as much so as a cunning fox, when hotly
pursued by a pack of hounds. We find the Pres-
ident, in his inaugural address, declaring that un-
der the Constitution he has no power, and he
says he has no inclination, to interfere with the
institution of slavery in the States. We find
him, after the war had commenced, after the as-
sault had been made on Fort Sumter, through
the mouth of his Secretary of State, on the 22d
of April, 1861, in a dispatch to Mr. Dayton, de-
claring that the President has no power under the
Constitution to interfere with slavery in the
States; and that, let the revolution result as it
may, the status of this institution will remain the
same. These are the recorded opinions of the
President before and after the war. The Senator,
I suppose, agreed in all those opinions, as the
great measures of the Administration. We find
him now approving of the emancipation procla-
mation, which is directly in contravention of the
recfhled opinions of the President in his inau-
gural address and his communications to our for-
eign embassadors, through his accredited organ,
the Secretary of State.
But, sir, although the Senator approves of all
these things, the Democracy of the country can-
not approve of them. They will stand by the
Constitution of their country. They will assail
all who attack that sacred instrument, no matter
who thoy are, whether they are those who have
I never been in our organization, or those who have
f recently gone from it. We shall treat them as the
I enemies of the constitutional liberty of the coun-
1 fry* and stand on its defense. Some gentlemen
seem to be very much frightened at'the recent
successes of the Democratic party. I tell them
now that we are going to stand to our posts; we
are going to rescue the Constitution of the coun-
try from those who now assail it$; we intend to
drive the Goths and the Vandals from the capital;
and in my judgment, after the next presidential
election, we shall have possession of this Govern-
ment, so far as the Executive and the other de-
partments are concerned. I do not suppose that
we shall get this Senate, but the other departments
we shall have. We intend to maintain the con-
stitutional rights of all the States, and in no event
will we allow the fundamental law to bo over-
thrown.
Gentlemen might just as well cease their as-
saults on the Democracy. We shall soon have
the power to carry out our doctrines, and we in-
tend to do it. We have won glorious victories
already, in spite of your bastiles and the suppres-
sion of the freedom of the press. All those things
have but increased our strength. We shall go
on to conquer. It is our mission to restore the
Constitution, and with the blessing of God we
shall accomplish it.
But the honorable Senator makes another singu-
lar assertion which I will read. It is this:
"Ifthe people of the rebellious States really desire to
enjoy their rights under the Constitution, they have it in
tiibir power to do so at once, the door is open before them.
