1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
capital and comparatively no circulation. If we
are to make a tax to reach all the banks, a system
ought to be adopted by which a tax shall be im-
posed on deposits or on the capital of banks. At
least the tax should be imposed upon the capital
of the banks. By the adoption of the Senate
amendment we would only strike a blow at the
cowntry banks without reaching the hanks of large
capital. Therefore 1 could not agree withthe re-
port of the committee of conference. When the
report was presented to me, without thought, my
name was erroneously attached to it, as I did not
concur with my colleagues.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOOD demanded the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the report.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Woodruff
and Fenton were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes twenty-six, more than one
fifth of those present.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays G8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Ai nold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baily,
Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William
G. Brown, Buffinton, Campbell,Ca^ey,Chamberlain, Cl.uk,
Colfax, Cotnvay, Covodo, Cutler, Davi?:, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Edwards, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fesseuden, Thomas A.
1). Fesseuden, Fisher, Flanders, Frank, Goodwin, Grander,
Habn, Haight, Hale, Hickman. Hooper, Morton, Hutchtnw,
Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lehman,
Lovejoy, McKnight, McPherson. Maynard, Moorhead, An-
son P. Morrill, Nixon, Olm, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, John
H. Rice, Riddle, Sargent, Segur, SUelltibarger, Spauiding,
Stevens, Stratton, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge,
V'erree, Wall, YVashbnrne, Webster, Wilson, Wmdom,
Worcester, and Wright—79.
NAYS—Mesfci'H. William Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Ancoua,Baker, Baxter, Biddfe, Calvert, Clements, Fredei-
ick A. Conkhng, Roseof Conkhntr,Coining, Cox,Uiavim*,
Crisfield, Crittenden, Dawes, Delano, Dunlap, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Gooeh, Guder, llall, Jhuding, Hanson, ilolman,
Johnson, Kerrigan. Knnpp,La\v, Lay.ear,Loomif, Malfoiy,
May, Menzieri, Mitchell, JtiMin S. Mon ill. Moms, Nohlr,
Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Pomeiny, Poiter, Price,
Alexander 11. Rice, Robinson, Kdvvard II. Rollins, Shef-
field, Sherman, Shiol, Smith, WiMiam G.Steele, Snles:,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallamhgham, Wadswoith, Walker,
Ward, Whalev, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wiek-
lifie, Wood, Woodruff, and Yeaman—68.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. HOLMAN announced that hereafter he
fehould object to any member voting who was not
within the bar when his name was called.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNG moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw the motion
to reconsider, and I move that the House insist
on its twenty-third amendment, and ask for an-
other committee of conference. On that motion
I call for the previous question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 move to adhere instead
of insist,
The SPEAKER. That is not in order during
the demand for the previous question; but a mo-
tion to insist takes precedence of a motion to
adhere.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLINGdemanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to insist.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—M<>ssr« Aldrieh, William Allen, Allev, Aneona,
Arnold, Baiiv. Biddle, Bingham, Samuel S. BUir, Blake,
Bridges, Buffinton, Calveir. Ca«ey, Chambeilain, Clark,
Colfax, itobcoc Conkiing, Covodo, Cox, Ciaven*, Ci isfield,
Cutler, Davis., Delano, Dimiap, Dunn. Edwards, Eliot. Ely,
English, Fenton, Thomas A. D Fe>senden. Flandt'if,
Fi.uik, Gooeh. Goodwin. Grander, Gnilev. Ii'ahn. Ilaight,
Dab1, Ilanisoii, Holmnu, Jloopei. Hottou, Hutching, John-
son, Julian, William Kellogg, Keirig-m, Kilhnger. Law,
Lazear, Loomi^, Lovejoy, Low, MoKmght, MePne^on,
Ma>naid, Mt'ii-'h'-, Mitchell, Moorhead. An^on I' Morrill,
Juatin B.Moinll, Moirw, Nlson, Noble, Nugen, Olm, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Alex-
ander H. lUce, John II. Rice, Robinson, James S. Rollins,
Sheffield, Sliellabarger, Spaiildmg, William G. Steele, Ste-
vens, StiJe.«, Strnttnn, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Walker, Ward, Wash-
burne, Webstei, Wicklifl'e, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Jacob B. Blair, Frederick A.
Conkling. Edgerton. Pike, Sargent, and Sherman—7.
So the House insisted on its twenty-third
amendment.
During the vote, the hour of half past four
o'clock, p. m., having arrived, fixed by order of
the House for taking a recess,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM rose and said: Mr.
Speaker, i insist on the enforcement of the order
of the House for taking a recess at this hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in doubt whether
he can stop the calling of the roll.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The roll call is
stopped at twelve o'clock on the 4th of March.
The SPEAKER. That is fixed by the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Is nota rule adopt-
ed for the government of the House to be obeyed
in like manner? Yesterday the Chair delayed a
roll call for some minutes, because of the near-
ness of the hour for the recess. That is a case
in point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not relieved of
all doubt on the question. The roll call is nearly
completed, and the Chair hopes that the gentle-
man from Ohio will not press his point.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do insist on my
point of order, that the toll call shall cease, and
the House take a recess, the hour fixed by the
House for that purpose having arrived.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
roll call cannot be interrupted.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. From that decision
of the Chair I take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot receive
anything during; the roll call.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I take an appeal
from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no de-
cision.
The vote was then announced as above record-
ed; and thereupon the House took a recess till
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p.m.
■washington canal.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee for the Districtof Colum-
bia be directed to inquire into the expediency of diain nig by
eiilvcit, dredging, or *>ome other way improving the Wash-
ington canal, that it may be clean&ed and the heaith of the
city preserved ; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
ways and means.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House agreed to the
report of the committee of conference upon the
bill to provide ways and means for the support of
the Government.
legal tender notes.
Mr. BAKER. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Maine, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Whereas the financial condition of the Treasury and the
enoimou< deputation of legal tendei notes demands some
action on the part of Consuls: Therefoto,
lie it resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be trqueuU-d to inquire into the piopricty and expedwncy
of repealing the laws requiring the payment of interest on
the public debt in coin, and the exaction ol coin in the pay-
ment ol duties on foreign import*.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 object.
Mr. l'liiN'DLETON. I call far the regular
onler of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the con-
sideration of the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the bill to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MAY. I ask the gentleman from Maine to
allow me to offer a resolution.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot yield any further. I
merely wish, in reference to this motion to re-
consider, to give the reasons which induce me to
make it. 1 supposed at the time I voted in the
affirmative, from indications of the House, that
the House would recede from its former position
in reference to taxing the banks, and would con-
cur with the Senate, thus disposing of the whole
matter of the finance bill. Although I was not
specially pleased with the provisions of the bill
introduced by the committee of conference, I con-
cluded that, for the purpose of making an end of
it, I would vote for it. But as the House, by a
large majority, has concluded to have a commit-
tee of conference upon a portion of the finance
bill, it seems to me that the whole bill migh.tas
well go to that committee, and very likely they
may adopt some better plan. It can hardly be
that they would adopt a worse one. 1 demand
the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Upon that
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is no quorum
present, and I move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was called, when the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Biddle, Jacob D. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Geoigcs II. Browne, Burnham, Calvert, Campbell,
Claik. Clements, Cobb, Frederick A. Conkling, Conway,
Coming, Covode, Cox, Cravens, Uuttenden. Dawes, Del-
ano, Delaplaine, Diven, Ducll, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Samuel C Fesbcnden, Flanders, Fouke,Grider,
Gtuley, Hickman, Ilolman, Kclley, Francis W. Kellogg}
William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Lansing, Leary, Lehman,
Lovejoy, Mclndoe, McKnight. Mallory, Marston, Maynard,
Mitchell, Anson I'. Morrill, Noble, Noell, Odcil, John S.
Phelps, Ponieroy, Potter, Kiddle, Sedgwick, Scgar, Shanks,
Sliellabarger, Sl'iennan, John B. Steele,-Tram, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valkcnburgh, Vibbard, Voor-
hees, Wall, Wallace, Walton, Webster, Whaley,Worces-
ter, and Wright.
Mr. WASHBURNE. How many members
have answered to their names?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and nine.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the tabic the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, upon which the yeas and
navs had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 03, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiich, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Baxter,
Beuinan, Bingham, Blake, Buffinton, Cas-ey, Chamberlain,
Clements, Colfax, Cutlei, Davis, Kliot, Fonton, Samuel
C. Fewnden, Thomas A. D. Fes^enden, Flanders, Fran-
chot, Frank, Granger, Ifahn, JIaight, Hale, Hooper, Hor-
ton, Huiehn^, Kelley, William Kellogg, Killinger,Lansing,
Low, MeKean, McKnight, McPherson, Moorhead, Anson
P. Morrill. Nixon, Ohn, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, John
H. Iliee. Ed waul H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sloan,
S|Muldmz, Stevens. Fianeib Thomas,Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Wyek, Verree, Walker, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, WiNon, Wmdom, and Woicester—G3.
NAYS—Messi«. William Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Ancona, Baker, William G. Blown, Frederick A. Conk-
Hng, ltoscoe Conkling, Crisfield, Dunlap, English, Fouke,
Gooeh, Hall, Harding, Hohnan, Johnson, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, May, MeiiHH^, Juattn S. Morrill, Mom«, Norton,
Nugen, Pendleton, Peiry, Pike, Fortcr, Puce, Alexander
II. Rice, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Sheffield, Shiel,
Smith, William G. Steele. Stile*, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, VaUandighain, Wadsworth, Waid, Chilton A.
White, Wickliflfe, Wood, Woodruff, andYeaman—49.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SMITH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Steele, was paired off with Mr. Ward.
3ikssac13 from the senate.
A message fiom the Senate, by Mr. Forney-,
fheir Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of that body of the following
titles; in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (No. 554) to carry into effect the con-
vontion between the United States and the re-
public of Peru, signed at Lima on the 12th of Jan-
uary, 1863, for the settlement of claims;
An act (No. 501) for the survey and sale of cer-
tain Indian reservations in California, and for other
purposes: and
An act (No. 548) to provide certain courts for
the district of California and Oregon, and for other
purposes.
