1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
STATK OF THE UNION.
Mr. YEAMAN. I have felt very much wor-
ried lately about the state of the Union, and I ask
permission of the House to print some remarks
upon that subject.
Leave to print was granted.
[Mr. Yeaman's speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of tffc Union, (Mr. .
Colfax in the chair,) and resumed the consider- i
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 770) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt," approved July 1, 18G2, and for
other purposes, commencing on page 8, line one (
hundred and eighty-three.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting
at the end of the paragraph, line one hundred and
eighty-two, the following: j
Evciv poison olh^r than distiller or brewer, who shall j
sell or offer lor sale any distilled spirits, fermented liquors, i
or wine or any description, in quantities of three gallons j
or less, and whose annual sales do not exceed $&"),000, i
shall be regarded as a retail dealer lu hquois undoi this law : !
Provided, No person who hai taken out a heen>n to keep I
a hotel, inn, or eating-house under this law, shall he re- i
quired to take out a license as a retail dealer in liquors, or \
as a tobacconist, because of any beverage or tobacco and j
cigars furnished in the usual course of the business as a ;
keeper of a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-house. J
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i move to amend |
as follows: I
On page 9, line one hunched and eighty-seven, after |
the wouik{ colors," insert as follow* ; by inseiting before
the words " on lard oil" and attached to the next preced-
ing sentence as follows : u and all duties or taxes on coal
mined and delivered by coal operators at the mines on con-
tracts made prior to July, 186*2, shall be paid by the pur-
chasers thereof;" by striking out the lollowing words : " on
sugar, refined, whether lo.it, lump, granulated, or pulver-
ized, two nulls per pound ; on sugar, refined or made from
molas&es, t>irup of molasses, melado, or concentrated me-
lado. two milN per pound," and inserting in lieu thereof
as follows: '• sugar lofmers shall pay one and one half ol
one per cent, on the gro^s amount of the sales of all the
products of their manufactories: Provided, That eveiy
person shall he regajded as a sugar refiner under tins act,
whose business it ts to advance the. quality and value of
sugar by melting and recrysiailization, or by hquonng,
claying, or uthoi washing process, cm by any other chemical
or mechanical mean*, or who shall advance the quality oi
value of molasses and concentrated inolas«.es>, melado, or
concentrated melado, by boiling or other process."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the permission of the
House to publish some remarks upon sugar and
its relations to revenue, the agricultural and man*
factoring interests of the United States.
Leave to print was granted.
[Mr. Davis's spccch will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend in lines one
hundred and cighty-mne and one hundred and
ninety, page 9, by striking out the words—
By inseitmg after the words u tanned calf «.kins «ix ceuts
each," '£ Pro culed, That veal or deacon skins-hall be sub-
ject to and p'iy a duty of three cents each, anything to the
contrary notwithstanding.J'
I move to strike out those woids for the reason
that I do not believe the Committee of Ways and
Means could have been aware of the utter im-
practicability of assessing such a tax. It would
be impossible, in my judgment, to draw the dis-
tinction which the committee make between ordi-
nary calf skins and what are called veal and deacon
skins. I am sure the committee could not have
intended to have included in that provision veal
skins, and to reduce the duty upon such skins to
one half the amount of duty upon calfskins of
every othei description, for the reason that what
we call veal skins are the very best skins which
are tanned. And I suppose it was intended by
those from whom the committee obtained inform-
ation in having this provision inserted, that it
should apply to that portion of tanned calf skins
that are called milk skins, that is, small, trifling
skins that are taken from calves which are called
milkers, and taken from calves that are but two
or three days old.
But my chief objection to this provision is based
upon the giound that it is utterly impossible to
make a distinction between the two kinds, for
when they are all tanned nobody can tell which
belong to the one description of skins and which
to the other. Consequently it leaves the door open
for such a discrimination "that those who are dis-
posed to take advantage of the distinction and test-
ify that the small skins were deacon skins, though
they might be veal skins, would be enabled to do
so without detection.
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I think that for the
protection of honest tanners and dealers, this pro-
vision had better be stricken out; and I believe
that,upon leflection, the Committee of Ways and
Means will agree with me that it had much better
be stricken out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the clause which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts proposes to amend by striking out in the
one hundred and eighty-eighth line the words
"veal or," so that the proviso will read:
c'Prv< ided, That dcacon skint, rdiall be subject to and pay
a duty of three cents each, anything to the eontraiy not-
withstanding;" and by inserting therein, ''in lieu of any
other dudes. Kites of duty, or piovisions existing in relation
theieto, the following.''
These words were inserted by mistake, and do
not belong there. This amendment to the tax law
is proposed in consequence of the representations
of various tanners who have come before the
Committee of Ways and Means. They represent
that these skins which aie called heie "deacon
skins" aie an inferior article and not worth half
as much as what are commonly called "calf skins."
They are much thinner, and less valuable. It was
in obedience to the representations of most respect-
able gentlemen, whom we believed to be truthful,
that this amendment was piopo«cd.
Mr. ALLEY. I oppose, pro forma, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont. I agree
with him, however, that the striking out of those
words would impiovc this provision. I am glad
to know that these words were put in through a
mistake. That obviates that portion of the ob-
jection that relates to a reduction on veal skins,
'which I made but it does not cover the ground
entirely. It do^s not obviate the principal objec-
tion which I made, which is thi.s: that it is im-
possible to distinguish between these smaller skins
after they are tanned, deacon skins or " milkers"
as they are called, and others.
Mr.ROSCOECONKLlNG. I desire to inquire
whether it is not true that deacon skins or milk-
ers are vastly thinner and lighter, so as to be un-
mistakably distinguished from calf skins?
Mr. ALLEY. Not entirely so. They are to
a verygreatextent. I have no objection to a pio-
vision that all calf skins shall be charged six cents.
That is fair and just, because it is impossible to
discriminate.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the amend-
ment it would leave the tax at six cents upon all
these skins.
Mr. ALLEY. My amendment would.
Mr. STEVENS. We!!,thatsecmstobcavery
good amendment. In the middle and western
States hardly anybody knows what is meant by
a deacon skin; but in New England, I should think,
the same objection would not apply. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLEY. We all understand what deacon
skins are, but after they are tanned it would be
very difficult for assessois to determine.
Now, sir, I think that all this provision should
be stricken out. It is not just and right that it
should stand as it now is. So far as 1 am con-
cerned, 1 have not the slightest interest in this mat-
ter whatever; but a long and intimate acquaint-
ance with the manufacture of calfskins enables
me, I believe, to judge coriectly of this matter,
for I have been engaged in the tanning business
many vears, and think 1 know all about the prac-
tical effect of such a provision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WADS WORTH. I hope the gentleman's
time will be extended so that he may tell us how
these skins came to he called deacon skins.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the gentleman's time will be extended.
Mr. ALLEY. Oh! I have nothing more to
The amendment proposed by Mr, Morrill, of
Vermont, was agreed to.
Mr. Alley's amendment was then disagreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to amend
thfc paragraph by inserting, after the word u of,**,
in line one hundred and eighty-nine, the wodl
" only," so that it will read, " a duty of only three-
cents'."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following amendment:
Amend by striking out of the original act " on sugar candy-
and all confectionery made wholly or in part of sugar, one
rent per pound," and insert, " on all sugar used in the man-
ufacture of candies, confectionery, preserves, and flavored
sirups, five nulls per pound."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That amend*
ment would come in more appropriately in a sub-
sequent section.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment for
the present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
On page 9, stuke out line one hundred and ninety-three,
which i . " on marine engines, three per cent, ad valorem
and insert in lieu thereof,"'- on >-team engines of all descrip-
tion*-, including m.mne engine-* and locomotives, one and
one halt per cent, ad valotcm."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Tin-eit aftei line one hundred and ninety-three the follow-
ing: " Prodded, That in all ea-oa where material* which
have been alieady taxed are u^-d m inaniifactuies,ihe addi-
tional ta.\ imposed upon the article manufactured shall foe
only on the increased value, anything in existing law to the
contuuy notwithstanding."
Mr. Chairman, in looking over the bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, I observe
that the principle which is embodied in the amend-
ment which I have offered has been adopted and ap-
plied to certain classes of ai tides of manufacture.
It seems to mc, and has seemed ever since the bill
was passed to which this is amendatory, that it
was defective in the particular which will be rem-
edied should this amendment be adopted.
Mr. HOOPER. If my friend will allow me,I
will refer him to the twenty-sixth section of the
bill.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It seems to me
that a provision of this kind should not be specific
upon certain items of the bill, but that it should
apply to the bill generally. And, sir, it appears
as if this bill had been framed in entire disregard
of the principle of the division of labor which ob-
tains in all manufactures in densely populated
countries. Everybody knows that it is impossi-
ble to have anything like an approximation to a
high state of progress in mechanical arts without
having resort to this division of labor. We should
relapse at once mto a state of barbarism, or at least
into a state of primitive simplicity of the arts, if
we wen- to disregard this practice of dividing up
labor so that men and women may work on par-
ticular parts of articles, or upon the materials en-
ten ng into them.
Now, sir, I have some illustrations to show how
the principle of tins bill operates at the present
time. I am informed that in the article of mat-
tresses the spitngs and the hair and the ticking
aie all taxed separately; and yet, when they are
combined together to make the mattress, the ex-
pense of that combination does not exceed five
per cent, of the value of the manufactured article.
But the manufacturer of mattresses is obliged to
pay over again a tax on the whole value. That is,
he pays again the tax on the springs, the tax on the
hair, the tax on the ticking, although he has add-
ed but five per cent, fo the value of the whole.
So m articles of furniture. I understand that
the getting out of frames is one distinct business,
the dressing of frames is another, the putting to-
I gether is another, and the finishing of the article
another; so that here are four stages of taxa-
tion 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
I am one of those who, instead of reducing the
revenue at this time, think it rather more expe-
dient that we should impose even heavier taxes
in order to sustain the credit of the country; and
I am sure my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Rice] would not make the proposition which he
ij now makes if he had any idea how much loss of
i revenue it would cause. I assure him that, in
I my ] adgmcn t, 11 would strike, off no less than thirty
!| or foity millions of revenue. There is scarcely a
ij manufactured article that does not contain some*
'] thing taxed more than once at present. Take the
!i article of leather, for instance. It is first taxed m
