1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
They have but to accept of the Invitation of the President,
lay down their arms, and return to tljeir allegiance to the
Government, and they will find at once that the Constitu-
tion is the palladium of their rights and liberties."
Now, I ask the Senator in all candor, how can
the Constitution, Hvith all the rights those people
had under it, be restored to them, should they re-
turn? The President has issued a proclamation
declaring three millions of their slave property to
be free. I look upon that proclamation as utterly
unconstitutional and void; but the Senator thinks
he had the power to issue it. If he had the power
to issue it, then I ask the honorable Senator has
the President the power, on the return of these
people to the Union, to put the chains on their
slaves as well as to strike them off? If those three
millions are emancipated by his proclamation, can
he declare them slaves again ? I suppose none
will advocate that doctrine; and yet, as a logical
proposition, if he had the power to do the one he
nas the power to do the other. Sir, he has the
power to do neither. Thus it will be seen that if
the policy of the President and the Administration
be carried out, it would be utterly impossible for
these people to be restored to their rights as they
were under the Constitution before their secession
took place.
The honorable Senator, after talking about ex-
termination and all that kind of tiling, becomes
exceedingly pious, and he makes a quotation from
the Bible that I very heartily approve of. I will
read it. If some ©f us who have not favored the
present Administration had used it, I suppose it
would have been taken as an indication that "we
were in favor of a dissolution of the Union:
" I have often thought that we should not suffer if we had
more of the spirit of Abraham, who could say to Lot—
"'Let there be no strife, [pray thee, between me and thee,
and between my herdsmen and thy herdsmen ; for we be
brethren. Is not the whole land before thee? Separate thy-
self, I pray thee, from mo. If thou wilt take the left hand,
then J will go to the right; or if thou depart to the riglit
hand, then I will go to the left.'"
That, sir, is truly a Christian spirit. I wanted
no strife. I believed honestly that strife would
result in separation, in heavy national debts, and
the loss of thousands and hundreds of thousands
of our young men, rendering the households of
the people of the whole land full of lamentation
and mourning, almost as much so as the house-
holdsof Egypt when the edict went forth that the
first-born of every house should be slain. I be-
lieved all these things would happen. They have,
in a great measure, come to pass; and hence I was
opposed to strife and bloodshed. One would im-
agine from the quotation I have just made that the
Senator wanted them to go in peace, if we could
not live together in amity and harmony. I con-
fess f would rather see them go in peace than to
see an effort to hold the Union together by force
of arms, which will be utterly futile. While I de-
sire all the States to remain together; if there is no
other means of keeping them together than war,
I believe that that can never accomplish it. If you
could not hold them together by compromise and
concession, which I believe could have been done—
I have no doubt about that—you should have let
them go, and instead of conducting this foolish
war have made a close treaty of commerce and
amity, given them constitutional guarantees, and,
perhaps, they would have all been back before
this time. I never had any faith in the idea of
holding these States togetherby arms, and I never
shall believe it until it is a demonstrated fact.
But let us see how the Christian teaching of the
Senator corresponds with what he says in other
parts of his speech. The Senator, speaking of
the means of carrying on this war, says:
" Call it what you may. apply any appellation that your
fancy may suggest—be it invasion, conquest, subjugation,
abolitionism—if no other resource be left to preserve the
life of the nation, the rebellion mut>t be crushed by lire and
the sword, by the fagot and death and destruction."
That is the utterance of the Senator, and then
a little while afterwards he gives the Christian
words that I read a moment ago. How does the
Senator reconcile the two ? Again, I find the Sen-
ator using this language:
" This may be a war of extermination ; but this country
has to be saved, cost what it may. If the Army had cut
off the railroads in the South when it had possession of
them ; if the fire and the sword and the fagot, if necessary,
had been used to take the means ot the lebels out of their
possession, you would have been nearer peace to-day than
you arc."
How does the Senator reconcile these ferocious
Bentiments with the quotation he gives us from the
Bible about Abraham and Lot? I confess I can
see nothing of the spirit of Christianity about it.
Is that the spirit that animated the early Chris-
tians.5 We have some historical incidents of the
spirit of those times. Theodosius the Great,after
he became emperor of the whole of the Roman
empire,in the early age of Christianity, had many
seditions to contend with. The large cities were
seditious. One of the greatest of these seditions
was that of Thessalonica. Theodosius sent his
army to subdue them. They murdered some
three or four thousand of those people. When
Theodosius presented himself shortly afterward
at the portals of the church, he was turned back
and cut off from the communion, by Ambrose,
Archbishop of Milan. Thus we find one of the
Christian fathers rejecting and throwing out from
the bosom of the Church, for the time being, the
one under whose authority those cruel deeds were
done.
The Senator from Indiana says he will make
use of fire, the sword, and the fagot to put down
the rebellion. Sir, it ill comports with the doc-
trine which he teachcs us from the Bible. He says
he would destroy all their substance. Does not
the honorable Senator know that under the laws
of nations, as laid down by all writers in this
Christian age; by our own Kent, as well as by
Vattell, and all the law writers on the subject, that
private property is not to be taken by an enomy,
except upon full equivalent? That is the doctrine
laid down by all modern international law writers
of our own country, as well as others; and yet
the Senator, in his ferocious zeal to destroy those
people, would visit them with the fagot and the
sword. He would destroy the whole of their sub-
stance, and, necessarily, would leave their women
and children to starve to death.
Why, sir, the Senator seems to desire to carry
on this war on the same principles that the Goths
and Vandals and Huns did when they poured
down upon the fair plains of Italy. The ferocity
h® advocates is almost equal to that of Attila the
Hun, who was said to be "the terror of the world
and the scourge of God.M That celebrated chief
boasted that no grass grew where his war-horse's
hoofs marked the earth.
The Senator advocates the use of the fagot and
the sword, death and destruction in the putting
down of the rebellion, and at the same time
throws into his speech the most Christian senti-
ments about Abraham and Lot parting in peace.
It seems to me that is strikingly inconsistent. I
hope my friend may be animated by those Chris-
tian feelings, and that he will dismiss this fero-
cious spirit in which he talks about the use of the
fagot and the fire and the sword. Sir, I think it
is unbecoming a Christian age and a Christian
country. I know it is unbecoming the Christian
character of the honorable Senator. I trust he
used those expressions in hot haste, and that he
has already repented of them. It is not in accord-
ance with the sublime teachings of Christianity;
it is not in accordance with the genius of the age;
it is utterly shocking to every impulse of hu-
manity. Make war upon those who have arms
in theirhands; but forGod's sake do notgowith
fagot and fire and sword, and destroy all they
have, and leave the poor women and children to
stavve. Do it, sir, and you will be a byword and
a reproach to all the nations of the earth. All
Christendom will rise up in condemnation of such
horrid barbarities. And yet that is the doctrine
preached here by those who are in favor of this
war. Had you carried on the war under and
within the Constitution of the country, and main-
tained sacredly the constitutional rights of the
people, in my judgment you would now be much
nearer the close of this war than you are. In-
stead of doing that, you have managed to unite
all the southern people, and by this land of as-
saults upon the Constitution created divisions in
the North.
Senators talk about divisions in the North.
Sir, let me tell you why they are there. It is be-
cause those in power have not conducted the war
within the Constitution. It is because those in
power have yiolated the Constitution. It is be-
cause the great rights and liberties secured by that
instrument to the people of this lai$d have been
stricken down. It is because those in power have
violated it in almost every vital part. They have
not adhered to it at all; and the people, finding
that there wasarevolutionathomu, perhaps more
dangerous to them than that iia the South, hafb
taken up the cudgels for themseives. The pCOp%
begin to see that the Union cannot be
arms; hence they are becoming disgusted:>wwi
the war. What boots it to a free people whetfrcif
they retain the territorial extent of their CQUiftty
or not, if their Constitution and liberties are cloven
down and a military dictator sways his scepter over
this once free land ? Hence it is that the people,
order to save their awn liberties, have- risen up
against this present Administration, and they will
put it down, as they ought to do. Thatisnoevi-
dence at all that they are in sympathy with this re-
bellion. I know that gentlemen, when they some
to defend this Administration, try to place it there.
You cannot rest the argument there, sir. Because ,
we choose to defend the people from the assaults
made by the Executive against their constitutional
liberty and their dearest rights of property, you
cannot cry out that we sympathize with the re-
bellion. No, sir; those are the best friends of the
Government who stand firmly and inflexibly by
the constitutional rights of the people. Dema-
gogues may say what they will, but this thing
of crying " disloyalty" is a game that is played
out. It can deceive nobody. We scorn it and
treat it with contempt. You may shout disloy-
alty or what you will; but we will go on with
this battle in ravor of the constitutional rights of
the people, and we will oppose all those who as-
sail the Constitution of the country. Gentlemen
may say, "You say nothing about the rebels."
Why, sir, we are not speaking of them. We do
not approve of what they have done; butweafe
resisting encroachments upon our rights here.
That is the point at which we expect gentlemen
to meet the argument.
Mr. President, I have said briefly, somewhat
crudely, I know disjointedly, what 1 had intended
to say in reply to "the honorable Senator from In-
diana. In the remarks that I have made I have
referred to him with the greatest kindness, and
with a great personal regar Aor him; but he Was
about to leave the Senate, and I did not desire th^e
speech he had made to go out without'some re-
ply, particularly as more than half of it was de-
voted to myself. I thought that many of the Sen-
ator's positions were exceedingly wrong, and I
have, in my humble way, tried to set them right.
I thought tne statements he made with regard to
the Indiana election were not in accordance with
the facts, and I have attempted to show it. If I
had time I should like to say a word in reply to
a remark made by the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] the other day; but
I shall not do it now. I will reserve that for some
other time. The honorable Senator from Indiana
wishes to reply to me, and I will now give him
that opportunity.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I beg the in-
dulgence of the Senate to make a brief reply to
the Senator who has just concluded his address.
If the circumstances hy which I am surrounded
were of a different character, I should, perhaps,
have preferred to make my remarks on someothet
occasion ;%ut the Senate will appreciate my posi-
tion when I say it is due to myself that 1 should
speak now, as I know not how soon my succes-
sor may arrive.
Mr. President, what I shall say will be in a
plain, unprepared, western way, and answer, to
some extent, my honorable friend from Kentucky.
1 may call him friefrd, for we have been on good
terms, are now,and I still desire that nothing shall
ever interrupt our personal friendship. He has
ever treated me with kindness, and I hope I have
always reciprocated it; Politically, we arc apart
as far as men can be.
And now, laying aside for a moment all that
portion of the Senator's remarks about driving
out the Goths and Vandals, and the reiteration of
the remarks he made some weeks ago about de-
stroying the Constitution, I have a little account
to settle in the name of Democracy. I believe I
may claim at least to be as old in that old-fash-
ioned creed as my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky. But before doing this, I will dispose of an
allusion he has made to the Indiana election. The
remarks that I made on that point will bear no
such construction as has been given to them; for
I alvfays speak from the record before me. No
man should have understood me as saying in my
remarks that every man from Indianain this Con-
gress who voted for th# tax bill was reelected by
