HHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 1%
^large vote. Tfy? remark was made in relation
49 those who called themselves Democrats; and it
-wIII bQar no other construction. I did say—and
/tfie records will sustain me^-that there were four
£fentle,meh  callirtg- themselves Democrats, in the
JJoase o,? fi^prpsentatives—two of whom voted
lor! die.t^.^ili^ 'it.passed the House, or rather
pne wa^ absent who would otherwise-have voted
/oc k .^nd tw-o voted against it. The two gentle-
men, who sustained the Government by voting for
rit§ Ux bill were reelected,by increased majorities;
<me*that had previously beenelected by only three
or Tour hundred, was reelected by five thousand
majority; and the other gentleman's vote was in-
creased in a similar ratio. In the case of,one of
the other gentlemen, .his vote was reduced.
-Having disposed of this matter, I wish briefly
to answer the Senator's; idea of Democracy. J
want to have that word defined. I want to know
whether he is inside of a pure healthy oigamza-
lion of that grand and good old party; theie are
.certain profound principles of government, cer-
tain.,gre'at landmarks that cling around this ume-
honorcd organization, and" to which attach the
;p.roiidest and dearest recollections of my life. Do
;they live, or have they perished? There was a
.time in the history of this war when there was a
niegree of unanimity in relation to the purpose for
.which this war was carried on; when all parties
.carrve proudly and patriotically to the President,
and threw at his feet all the treasure and men that
conjoined, united effort could promise or furnish.
But,, sir, in the progress of time and events, dis-
aster overtook our armies, andgloom oveisprcad
the hearts of the people. It was a perilous moment,
and in its darkness selfish men, bad men, plotted
party schemes, and threw this demon of discord
and strife into the councils of the country, and
turned it loose among the people. In th-o besrin-
.ning, true to the glorious record of its past his-
tory, the Democratic party stood proudly and
sternly bqside all other loyal partisans, in the
fjfreat struggle to wfcieh the country was called—
that of crushing a stupendous and wicked rebel-
lion—ranging itself, under the lead of Douglas and
johnson, of Tennessee, alongside the President,
in snppoitof the war, then, as now, to be waged
/or the icstoration of Federal authority in the rebel
States. The Senator from Kentucky undertakes
to define what are the objects and purposes of this
war. Ho sajrs it is not carried <>u within (he scope
of the Constitution, as it should bo. i send to the
Secretary, and ask him to rend, a resolution passed
by Congress in July, 18C1, defining the purposes
and objects of the war, and when he has done so
I shall have a word or two to say in relation to
the .vote upon it, *
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the parent deplorable civil wai 1ms
been lorcvd upon the countiy by Lin; diauiuomst3 of the
southern States now in revolt against the constitutional
Gftvermnont, and in arms around the capital; that m this
national emergency, Contrresh, banishing ;iil iftcJmgot meie
passion or lescntment, will lecoiioct only us dutj to the
wliolc couufiy; that this war is not pio-,ecuted upon our
part 2ii aif7spirit ot oppression, nor for anypuipo<es of
conquest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or
intruding with the rights or eH<ibhshed institution* of
those State?, but to defend ami maintain the supremacy of
the Constitution and all laws made ni pursuance thereof,
and to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality,
and rights of the seveial States unimpaired ; that as soon
Su> ihe^e objects are accomplished the wai ought to cease."
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, that resolu-
tion was introduced in the House of Representa-
tives, and received the vote of every Democrat and
every Republican in that House but two. Of
course, I speak of the vole actually cast; there were
some men who did not vote. It received every
Tote in-the Senate, I behove, except four. Those
lour were my honorable friend from Kentucky,
Mr. Johnson of Missouri, Mr. Polk of Missouri,
and the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
but the record contains the reason given by him
at that time for that vote,  
Mi\ POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
1 will state that I gave the reasons why I did nut
vote for that resolution at the time, and they are
upon the record. A lew moments ago I alluded
to the fact that I had voted against that resolu-
tion. I stated when it was before the Senate, and
it is recorded in the Globe, that I voted against it
-because I did not believe it contained the truth.
1 believed that the war was brought on asftiuch
by the abolitionists of the North as by the dis-
uniohists of the South. I did not believe, from
what I saw around me at that time, that those
who were prosecuting the war were waging it for
the purpose of reinstating the Union as it was.
Subsequent events have proved to me that I was
right.
Mr. WRIGHT. Well, Mr. President, the rec-
ord is there. That resolution embraces cxactly
what the Senator has said in his speech to-day
about the war being conducted under the Consti-
tution. We have the solemn vote upon that res-
olution recorded; and there is this remarkable fact
in regard to it: every man in the House of Rep-
resentatives who voted against that resolution,
and every gentleman who voted against it in the
Senate, with the exception of my friund from
Kentucky and the gentleman to whom 1 have re-
feried before, I believe are now in the rebel army.
Besides, sir, if that resolution contain^ the true
Democratic doctrine, as he professes to be a Dem-
ocrat—and every Democrat in the House except
two voted for it, and all in the Senate except two
voted for it—I shall have to read the Senator out
of the party, because the majority was against
him.
But I desire to come to another touchstone,
another test. The Constitution gives to Congress
the power to declare war. When war is declared,
is it Democratic, or in accordance with the history
of the Democratic party, to oppose that war and
to oppose the a^propuations to carry it on, to
furnish arms, and to pay our soldiers ? If that is
Democracy, it is a new definition of Democracy
to me.
I ask the honorable Senator to take a retrospect-
ive glance at the history of this party. There
are periods in the history of this country during'
the last fifty or sixty years in which we can find
some of the tests and principles of Democracy.
There was a Jefferson, and there was a Burr; one
was President, and the other Vice President.
Were they not both inside the Democratic organ-
ization ? There was a Jackson, and there was a
Calhoun; one was President, and tiie other Vice
President. I desire to know if they weie not both
inside the Democratic organization ? Then there
was Douglas, and there was Breckinridge; -one
the Vice. President of the United States, occupy-
ing the seat you now occupy, sir; and the other
a leading Senator, a candidate for the Presidency.
They were both inside the Democratic organiza-
tion. 1 want da) Senator from Kentucky to tell
me, does ho take the Jefferson, the Jackson, the
Douglas Democracy; or does he take the Burr,
the Calhoun, the Breckinridge Democracy ? I do
not wish him to invoke the Democracy that has
been prostituted by men for base and vile pur-
poses. A large majority of those Democrats who
acted with him in the last Presidential contest are
now in the rebel army, attempting to tear down
this Government. I do not belong to that Democ-
racy. The mass of the Democratic party of In-
diana do not belong to it; and whenever they have
a fair opportunity they will show what they mean.
The Senator has alluded to a remark of mine
which has been commented on by one of the lead-
ing papers of my State—a paper that has, per-
haps, more influence than any other in the State
—and that paper, in alluding to the same remark,
uses almost precisely the Senator's language. It
says:
'• Governor Wright, in his speech in the Senate, said
he wanted to see a hundied thousand slaveholders running
one way, and a million negiocs the other. Which wavdo
you wish to see thene^roesrunninir.Governor? Iftmvard
the border* of Indiana, we apprehend yoiu constituents will
not he iikely to second your wish."
Therein lies one secret about our election, and
I am glad the Senator has given me an opportu-
nity to explain it. When 1 voted nearly twelve
months ago for an article of war refusing to allow
our Army to be engaged in sending back negroes
to disloyal men, there was a howl all over the
State by these same editors that the negroes ought
not to be touched, and that in this controversy it
was wrong to do anything with them. Sir, in the
List contest these same men everywhere upon the
stump advocated the employment of negroes for
building fortifications, doing the labor of the sol-
diers. Not a man could have been elected in my
State it he had taken the other giound, so uxpid
has the progress been in twelve months; and I
apprehend i| they keep on in the same way, m
twelve months from now they will be for putting
a gun into the hands of every negro, and affirm-
ing they were always for him. The fact is that
the Administration is engaged in a war testing the
institutions of this country. They are devising
every means wuhin the power of the nation to
suppress the rebellion. Sometimes they go with
rapid and bold steps, inaugurate strong meas-
ures, while an enemy lurks and watches at every
advance taken. Whenever this enemy finds pub-
lic opinion sanctioning one step or measure, and
when another one is taken, this enemy adopts the
first and denounces the last; thus they leap from
one position to another to find safety. For my-
self, I desire to see these slaves running from their
masters to do our labor and erect our fortifications;
besides, exhausting the enemy's resources. Now
they declare that they were always for prosecu-
tingthis war. To show the real sentiment of the
people of Indiana, I send to the desk and ask the
Secretary to read acopy of the resolutions adopted
at perhaps one of the largest meetings ever held
in my State—the true Union sentiment of the loyal
people of the State of Indiana.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"We, the people of the State of Indiana, having assem-
bled together for the puipo->e ot renewing our taith to the
Federal Government, and pledging again our unaltered de-
teimination to render cveiy possible assistance to the Pres-
ident of the United States in the piosecution of the war
for the preservation of the Government and the suppression
of the i ('hellion, do hereby resolve :
u 1. That as citizen's of the State of Indiana, a? men of all
elasse-i, profusions, and occupations, we are in favor of
the continued and vigorou- piosecution of tiie war
" 2. That we are in favor of reporting to ali means known
to civilized warf.nc to extend the power of the Federal Con-
stitution over all the States of the Union.
" 3 That we will never lay down our arm* so long aa
relief are found reacting the Constitution and fighting for
disunion.
"4. That we are inflexibly opposed to all schemes of secession
in Ike No)th'xi.st, and will rf>u>l them 'with our lives, our
fortunes. and ovr sacred honors
" 5. That we will give ot our abundance ali that is neces-
sary to make as comtortable as po&sible the loyal soldiers
now in the field.
" 6. That we lecognize in the war power of the Consti-
tution the light of the President to use all neeessaiy and
Christian means to weaken, cripple, and destroy this rebel-
lion, and wc therefore uppiovo of ins proclamation giving
fieedom to all the staves of rebel?.
" 7. That we aie foi the Constitution as we received it
from our fathets. and that we aie foi the Union, tiie whole
Union, and nothing but the Union.
u 8. That wc recommend the patiiotie people of this State,
in their townships, and in each one of the counties ot the
State, to organize, at the earliest possible period, and be
prcpaied to resist all schemes of disloyal men looking to
tiie foi mation of a northwestern confederacy."
Mr. WRIGHT. I refer to this simply to show
what I believe to be the sentiments of the people
of my State; and now, sir, i feel somewhat em-
barrassed when I come to reply to some personal
allusions made by the Senator from Kentucky to
me, in connection with the Democratic paity.
Before touching that point, however, 1 desire to
notice the construction which the Senator put
upon a sentence in my speech, which he says
means that hostilityrfo the minister who executes
the functions of Government is disloyalty to the
Government. My remarks will not admit of any
such construction; and while the Senator was on
the floor 1 repeated the sentiment which I had
expressed, in order to give him an opportunity to
answer it. I say, that when war is declared by
a Government, by the proper constituted author-
ities, it is the duty of a loyal man to sustain the
Government in that war, in furnislnngthe means
to support the army; and I cannot, according to
my Democratic theory, draw any distinction be-
tween loyalty to a Government and loyalty to its
constituted authorities in a time like this. I may
object, as I do, to many acts of the ministry; they
may do many things which I think are wrong;
but the question before the country is a question
as to the existence of the Government itself. It
is not an ordinary question, such as we have in
times of peace, of bank or of tariff. It is not a
question that may be decided one way or the
other, and still leave us a great and good Govern-
ment; but it is a question involving in its decision
and settlement the preservation or ruin of repub-
lican institutions. Your legal authorities have
declared the war, and it is necessary to support
the Army; and I think it is my duty as a loyal
man to sustain the measures of the Government
in supporting Us Army. Now, sir, we find my
honorable friend, according to his version of loy-
alty, coming into this Senate Chamber and voting
that this war was not commenced by the South,
and that it is not waged for the purpose of restor-
ing this Government as it was. ThoScnatoiwsays
he would not vote for a resolution of that kind,
because it was not true. It is very singular that
