1S18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
cisely the same process by which copper is rolled.
It is then a raw material; bat is not used in that
shape as copper is used in sheets upon vessels, and
for other purposes. 1 do not see why brass should
not be included in the same schedule with copper.
It is used in various articles of manufacture all of
which pay a tax of three per cent. The expense
of rolling is equal to about three cents per pound.
Copper and brass usually bear the same price in
the market. That is the case with sheet copper
and sheet brass. Hence 1 do not see why sheet
brass should not be subject to the same tax as
fiheet copper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend by striking
out, " on sails, tents, shades, awnings, and bags,
made of cotton, flax, or hemp, or part of either,
or other materials, three per cent, advalorem: Pro-
vided, That," and insert in lieu thereof, "the
sewing or making of sails, tents, shades, awnings,
bags, and carpets shall be exempt from duty;"
and then strike out at the end of the clause the
words, " there shall be levied and collected a duty
of one per cent, ad valorem;" so that the whole
clause shall read:
The sewing or making of sails, tents, shades, awnings,
bags, and carpets shall he exempt from duty when the cloth
or material from which such sail-, tents, shades, awnings,
bags, and caipets wete nutde was impoited^ or has been
subject to and paid a duty.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts what the ob-
ject of that amendment is ?
Mr. HOOPER. Any one who will read the
clause will see that the object of the amendment
is to exempt from duty the mere sewing of an
article which has previously paid a duty. We
do not propose to make the provision sweeping,
as that would prevent your knowing what the
duty on a particular article might be. The prin-
ciple we are willing to carry out as fur as we can
carry it outdirect!y,and in this case any one may
Sec that in the manufacture of sails, tents, &c.,
the mere sewing would amount to nothing com-
paratively. As the clause stood in the bill, the
party who performed the labor of sewing those
articles, which is the only process of manufac-
ture, would have to pay a duty equal to the whole
cost of the labor peiformed upon a material which
had previously paid a tax. It was not the object
of the tax bill to tax the mere employment of
trades carried on by poor people. In construing
the former bill, the oommittcc accepted sails as an
articic made specifically for a particular purpose,
and not for general trade, because they were made
for vessels. But we could not find any rule by
which bags could be brought under the same head,
because they were an niucle of general trade and
merchandise.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING-. Will the gentleman
inform the committee what distinction there is be-
tween that description of laborand that performed
by those who ate engaged in the manufacture of
men's wearing apparel? My constituents have
been here to argue that matter before the commit-
tee, but. they failed to obtain any recognition of
their claims in this bill.
Mr. HOOPER. We shall soon come to the
consideration of the tax upon tailois, and I pre-
fer to answer the gentleman then. 1 shall be in
favor of applying the same principle there.
Mr. EiOllTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. The same principle that will release this
interest will lelease ready-made clothing, shoe-
makers, tailors, and a variety of the different
brandies of industry in the country, and though
the percentage of Uibor performed may not be so
great in one case as m another, the principle is the
same. The committee will bear in mind that this
section only taxes one per cent. This seems to
be a matter of small moment; but if you apply
the principle here, m order to be consistent you
must apply it to a large variety of articles, and
the difference in taxes will be very great m the
aggregate.
lam, therefore, opposed to the amendmentupon
the grounds I have mentioned; and I desire to say
further, that the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not the motion of the commit-
tee, but his individual motion.
jjilr. LOOM IS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
striking out the words "or making;'5 so that it
shall read, 41 the sewing of sails,M&c. I make
the motion simply for the purpose of saying a
word to correct a misapprehension. In the cases
where these articles are made by the labor of poor
people, it would be well enough to exempt them
from taxation. Now, in reference to the cases of
bags, I happen to know that they are manufac-
tured by machinery, and there is no sewing at all.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 will modify my amendment
by striking out " bags." 1 will also modify it by
inserting the word " hose" after the "word awn-
ings. "
A Voice. What kind of hose?
Mr. SARGENT. At the request of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I will explain the last
modification which he made of his amendment.
I understand the intention of the amendment is to
exempt from duty articles made of cotton, flax,
and hemp, the manufacture of which requires but
very little labor. Now, there is an article used
in my State called hose, made of cotton duck. It
is used for the purpose of conducting water. It
is not made of leather, nor is it ladies' hose. The
amount of labor performed is about the same as
that in the manufacture of bags, and is exactly in
the class of articles proposed to be covered by the
amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend by striking
out the last line of the amendment, merely for the
purpose of saying a word in relation to this prin-
ciple. I am opposed to the amendment, because
I am opposed to reducing the tax upon any article
of manufacture in this way. 1 believe if it is done
in any instance it ought to be done in all, and there
is no reason for making the application to this
particular instance which does not apply with
equal force to all other or nearly all other man-
ufactured articles. Take, for instance, the man-
ufacture of boots and shoes; they pay in some
instances three or four taxes upon the mateiiuls
before they are put into the hands of the laborers
who make them up. A very small addition is put
upon the value of those materials by the labor
performed, and yet a tax of three percent, is lev-
ied after several taxes have been already laid upon
the materials of which the articles are composed.
Mr. ARNOLD. The gentleman makes a very
good argument in favor of the amendment I pro-
posed, and yet he did not vote for it.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not vote for it because I
did not believe in the principle. I do not believe
tlu  tax comes out of the producer at all. If it
did it would rum all the producers in the country.
I any so fiorn my experience as a manufacturer,
manufacturing largely, and paying a very heavy
tax into the Treasury of the United States. I do
not feel that the tax is imposed upon me individ-
ually, but that it comes out of the consumer. 1
pay the tax, to be suVe, into the Treasury; but
the man who buys the article that I manufacture
pays me hack again, and then it goes to the con-
sumer, nnd he pays u again. That is the prac-
tical operation of the whole thing. I say, there-
foie, that the laborers who work upon these sails
and make them do not pay any portion of tins
tax. It is the consumers nnd not the producers
who pay the tax; and 1 say that if you apply the
principle in this case, it will apply with still
greater force to ready-made clothing, and you
must extend it to that; and if you follow it up,
you will reduce your taxes one half, i insist that
if this principle is to he applied at all, it shall be
applied to the manufacture of boots and shoes.
There is no one article of manufacture to which it
will apply with greater force and justice than to
the manufacture of boots and shoes.
Mr. HOOPER. I want to say a word or two
only in opposition to the amendment of my col- j
league, if he will introduce a tax upon anybody
who is able to pay it, I will go for it most cheer-
fully; but this is a little paltry tax upon work per-
formed by the poorest people in the community.
I think it is unjust to make them pay a tax upon
the material* with which they wotk.
Mr. ALLEY. If my colleague will show me
that one farthing of this tax will be paid by the
poor laboier who works upon the sails, I will vote
against it with the greatest cheerfulness; but I do
not believe it.
Mr. ALLEY withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to;
Mr. LOVEJOY. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in as a proviso at the end of line two
hundred and seven:
Jind prowledfurther, That hereafter there shall be no
higher iate of duty collected on piiating paper imported
than is imposed in the act to which this is a supplement
on the domestic manufacture of paper.
I offer this amendment not only with the hope
but in the expectation that it will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that that amendment is not germane to
the section.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Certainly it is. It pertains
to duties.
The CHAIRMAN. The section appears to
connect the tariff with the internal tax bill, and to
make the one tax dependent upon the other. The
object of the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois seemsi to be the same. The Chair, there-
fore, overrules the question of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, the purpose
of this and other similar bids is to secure rev-
enue to the Government. The import duty upon
paper now ig prohibitory, or, if not quite, very
nearly so, so that we derive no revenue whatever
from the import of this article, and whatever duty
is imposed is for the benefit of the paper manu-
facturers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I suppose no one enter-
tains a doubt that if this amendment which I have
proposed should be adopted, it would largely in-
crease the revenue of the Government, and that,
I suppose, as I have already said, is the purpose
of this and other similar bills. The price of paper
has risen more than a hundred per cent. This is
felt everywhere, not only in the newspapers, but
it is felt in the school-house; it is felt everywhere
where there is a printed page used; and if there
is one thing that we claim as characteristic of this
Government, it is that iteheapens knowledge and
diffuses it universally. If there had been school-
books enough in the right places, we never should
have had this rebellion. If we had had free schools
and cheap spelling-books, to say nothing about
Bibles, we never would have had this slaveholders'
rebellion on our hands.
Now, as I understand it, under the operation of
this enhanced price of paper, which is the result
of this large impost duty, all our local county
newspapers throughout the country are doomed
to cease to exist; they cannot sustain themselves.
The metropolitan papers can sustain themselves;
and, Mr. Chairman, you and I and all of us know
that these metropolitan papers have power enough
now. They undertake to control the legislation
of the country as it is; and if, as the inevitable
result of this policy, all the local papers are swal-
lowed up, and they have the sole and exclusive
control of this newspaper field, then the power
will be more centralized, and will become irre-
sistible.
I understand, moreover, that the Government
would save ยง100,000 on the public printing here
by a removal of the duty on foreign paper. I
offer the amendment in good faith, and 1 hope it
will be adopted.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
this subject is not germane to the present bill. I
do not propose to go into any argument nt this
time in relation to the duty upon paper. Before
the session closes, it is the purpose of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to bring in a bill upon
the subject of the tariff, when, if the House
chooses, they can modify the tariff upon paper to
any extent they please. I rise merely to make
the point of order that the "amendment is irrele-
vant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the point
of order comes too late, after the amendment has
been debated on both sides.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to inquire, then,
how soon would be early enough to raise the point
of order? I made the point of order the moment
the amendment was offered.
The CHAIRMAN. And the Chair overruled
the point of order for the reason then stated, and
no gentleman appealed from that decision. The
gentleman from Illinois then debated his amend-
ment, and the gentleman from Vermont opposed it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I only
rose to make a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order comes too late.
