THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, Stateof New York. This is to be reechoed in
: the Weist, handed back to the,East, and the ques-
: tiori is to be presented to us: have we a Govern-
ment that has within itself the power to put down
rebellion;orare we driven to wreck upon the shoals
of State rights? Is the Republic to be disjointed
broken up, without power, without authority,
express or implied, to save itself. Shall the Gov-
ernment, in the name and under the guise of De-
mocracy, be torn to. fragments. Sir, it is time
that Senators opened their eyes. We must put
•down this doctrine, or there is no hope for this
Government. I do not speak simply of putting
down the rebellion; but I say you must put down
this infamous doctrine of State rights; for it is
Both dangerous and infamous, however plausibly
it may be stated, that the government of a State
has the power to override the Federal authority,
the Constitution of the United States, and the
' action of Congress in regard to a question of war.
This rebellion commenced with the notion of State
rights. If our fathers had not given us a Govern-
ment strong enough, we have paid them but a
poor compliment in our history for the last sev-
enty years. The framers of the Constitution, its
defenders when alive, and their sons up to this
hoar, have never doubted this power. It is only
by the plausible pretexts of men acting in the
namfe of Democracy that it is now brought in
question. °
But, Mr. President, that is not all. I want the
Senator from Kentucky to remember that the men
who are coming into power under this doctrine,
•the men who are coming into power by finding
fault, are men who said nothing for many long
months after this war commenced. As to some
of them who have been chosen to high positions,
at was not known for several months after the war
commenced what they had to say about it. There
®re men in my State whom no one heard open
their mouths upon the subject of this war for
twelve months after it commenced; men who
never said to the poor soldier, go or not go; who
never gave a dollar of comfort to a soldier's wid-
ow; but lay still for twelve months until misfor-
tune came upon your Army, and then attempted
to get power in the name of Democracy. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.]
Such is the state of things to-day. Men will
come into these seats, and take by the hand, in the
name of Democracy, my friend from Kentucky,
who preaches " no coercion;" who is for voting
no supplies; and those same men in my State shout
loudest and longest for the war, and are finding
fault with the manner in which it has been car-
ried on. As I said, they were silent for sometime
after the war commenced; but suddenly finding a
chance to get into power, they come and shake
hands with the Senator from Kentucky in the
name of Democracy, and they obtain power and
position from their people by telling them that
they are for prosecuting the war. The opinions
of the Senator from Kentucky have always been
known; but it is deeply humiliating to think that
-fit this day men can stand still in the presence of
such events as have illustrated our history for the
last two years, and then endeavor to get into power
by finding fault. Mr. President, it was a doc-
trine of the Romans, I believe, that whenever a
question affecting the country was before the peo-
ple, a man who would not take sides should be
considered an enemy of Rome. I do not pretend
to say whether that was right or not; but I think
that at a time like this, when we have sent half a
million of men into the Army, when the country
ts torn and bleeding at every pore, the man who
can stand still, and not open his mouth, is far in-
ferior to the man who takes open and bold ground
against the Government. Sir, there will yet come
■a.voice from the mass of the people that will reach
these men, and-show them that the popular heart
is not to be trifled with.
I do not intend, Mr. President, to pursue these
remarks much further; but the Senator from Ken-
tucky made soffle personal allusions to my De- '
moeracy, which I must briefly notice. Sir, I
never like to introduc^fpersonal matters into the
discussion of public questions. I have lived long
enough in this world to know something about
the evils which grow out of personalties. It was
my conviction, it is now, that when, a year a o
in a time of war, one fourth of the Democratic
ttiem-bers of Congress undertook to form a party
organization, they were doing wrong. I did not
make that remark then for the first time; but be-
fore I left the Old World, I said that I looked upon
secession as the greatest calamity which could be-
fall my country; that if* it succeeded, the country
was gone. In the month of February, 1861, be-
fore Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated as Presi-
dent, I wrote to afriend aletter that has been exten-
sively published, in which I said " this is no time
to organize parties; if the doctrine of Jeff Davis
is successful, there is nothing left, my friend, to
you or to me." I say so now. I <K> not consider
that there is anything in this country worth talk-
ing about whenever that doctrine is acquiesced
in, either by an armistice, or by a suspension of
hostilities; the moment you draw back one sol-
dier from the field, or withdraw the command of
one general, or do anything which in the slightest
degree recognizes secession, everything is gone—
and why ? Because that underlies the whole con-
troversy. If secession is tolerated, I know no
obligation upon any State; I know no obligation
upon any county; I know no obligation upon a
Government; I know of nothing which will be
left worth having. To the true patriot, this ques-
tion rises above party; andfor myself, I am willing
to sacrifice everything to save this Government.
Will you tell me what is left to us then ? Take
off one State from the Union; disintegrate even
one county; take off six feet square from this
Union, and you destroy the compact of your
fathers, for this is not a rope of sand; it is not a
mere confederacy to be torn up like men who are
engaged in selling goods; it is a solemn compact
ofGovernment.aConstitution. Isit not remark-
able that in the midst of this crowded Senate,
when the country is struggling as it now is, a Sen-
ator representing the great State of Kentucky
could talk for an hour and a half, and not say one
word against the rebels who are destroying this
Government by secession? The preservation of
the Governments essential for everything wehold
dear on earth, and yet the Senator from Kentucky
can talkforan hour and a half without saying one
word against the rebels or rebellion.
I wish the Senator would come to Indiana and
preach his doctrine of no coercion. He talks
about my going over the State. I can tell him that
I have gone over the State, and no one there dare
whisper the idea that he would vote against taxes
to pay the soldiers; that he would vote against
giving us a currency; that he would vote against a
resolution declaring that this war was commenced
by the South. If he were to go to my State and
talk such doctrines, I can tell him the result would
not be very favorable to him. I do not know how
it may be in Kentucky; but such ideas find no
lodgment in Indiana. I will not now review the
recent election in my State. The means and influ-
ences, and the circumstances under which the re-
sult was achieved, have been well stated by my
honorable colleague. I have before alluded to
that matter myself', and I now leave it to history.
Mr. President, there has been something said
about reading men out of the party. I do not
know where gentlemen in this age get the power
to read men out of the party; but I can say what
the Democracy oflndiana would do. They would
read out of the party a man who would vote against
coercion. Now, sir, a noble river separates the
StatesofKentucky and Indiana. Those States have
thus far been friendly, and I trust they will ever be
so, but I assure the Senator that he knows but lit-
tle of the honest people of Indiana, if he supposes
that when they have sent over one hundred thou-
sandI men to the Army, they do not intend to save
this trovernmcntfor posterity. You may talk about
Democraticconventions,and yourcandidatesmay
speak for a more vigorous prosecution of the war,
and be continually finding fault; but I can tell you
i.latTv?OU "ttle '?n(ierstand the noble Democracy of
the Northwest if you suppose they intend to cavil
long about this question. They moon that this
Govern ment shall be preserved for them and their
children.
The Senator finds fault with my allusion to
Abraham and Lot. It is very easy for a gentle-
man to take up a remark of that kind, abstracted
from its context. It is two weeks since I made
the speechin which thatexpression occurred, and
the Senator has had time to pick it out. That re-
mark was made for that class of men in our coun-
try who have been introducingsectionahsm, who
have been trying to arouse the people of the West
against New England. That is not my Democ-
January 19,
racy. It is not the Democracy I was taught in
childhood. I was taught to love every loyal man
m this country, whether he lived East or West
North or South. I notice that the Governor of
New York, in his recent message, has made an
adroit appeal to sectionalism, and in that message
there is a separate article headed, " The Central
and Western States." There the idea is held out
that another disintegration, another division is
possible, and appeals are made to sectional inter-
ests, sectional passions, calculated to array one
section of this country against another, while, at
the same time, we hear expressed loud profes-
sions of loyalty and determination to preserve the
Government.
Senators, if ever this capital falls, it will be be-
cause of traitors in the North. If you fail to put
down this secession movement, if the hour of
calamity comes upon us, I make the prediction
that it will come from the hand of traitors in
the North. I am not sure that there was not
a concocted plan within the last ten days to bring1
into this city two regiments to cooperate with the
secessionists with a view to surrender this capi-
tal. The rebel emissaries are about you; they
may be in these very I-Ialls. Sometimes they
come under one name, sometimes under another.
Sometimes the Governmen t is attacked in the name
of Democracy; sometimes fault is found with ar-
rests; sometimes the Army is opposed; but the
effect of all these attacks results in the accomplish-
ment of the same bad end, the destruction of the
Government. I say that every loyal man and
woman in this country ought to be protected; but
I repeat, and the honest Democracy of Indiana
will sustain me in the sentiment, if there is no
other way to save this'country, let destruction do
its work among the enemies of the Republic, for
the Government must and shall be preserved, cost
what it may. Let the Senator, if he will, come
into my State and talk about the widows of the
South. I v/ill point him to fresh-made graves all
over my State. Indiana has lost more than fif-
teen thousand men in this war. To-day there are
five thousand widows in my State, and fifteen
thousand orphan children, made so by this rebel-
lion, by these rebels. I tell you now thatthepeo-
ple of Indiana are ready to send another hundred
thousand, and then another hundred thousand,
and then another hundred thousand of her brave
sons before one inch of the territory of this Union
shall be wrested from it. [Applause in the gal-
leries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lake, of
Indiana.) Order!
Mr. WRIGHT. To my friend from Kentucky
I desire to say, as we shall soon part in this Hall,
that, although I hope our personal association will
always be kind and courteous, I am politically
the friend of no man who is not for putting down
this rebellion. He who is not for the country, in
this the darkest hour of its trial, ho who is not
for sustaining the Government of the country, is
not my political friend. Whatever other ties may
be severed, I do not mean to live in a country of
which Kentucky is not a part; I never intend,
God being my helper, that my motherless children
shall require a passport to go into Kentucky. I
wantthe Union of this whole country restored and
perpetuated, and for that purpose 1 will exhaust
all resources, and, with a revolutionary sire, see
the last freeman of my country expiring, not in
thelast ditch," but upon the bleakest mountain
top of liberty's home, with our starry flag that
hallowed ensign—the winding sheet for hisgrave.
I am ready to say to my children, as Hamiicar
of old said to his son. While thinking of the
Romans, the enemies of his country, his boy,
twelve years old, came to him and said, "Fa-
ther, Jet mc go to Spain and Hamiicar, it
is sajd, laid his hand upon his head, breathed
upon him his martial spirit, took him to the altar,
bade him touch the sacrifice and swear that if he
lived he would be the enemy of the Romans.
Thatson was Hannibal. I would say, let us bury
the past, let us forgetall party affiliations, all party
names and distinctions, and then, upon the altar
of our country, swear by the eternal God this
Government shall be one; it cannot be two; it can-
not be three; it cannot be four; it must be one, or
it is nothing. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. HALE. Order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order will be
maintained.
