1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The gentleman
from Illinois proposes his amendment as an amend'
mpnt to section seventy-five of the internal tax
bill. IIow can a proposition to repeal a duty on
imports be relevant to that?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot argue
the point of order with the gentleman from Ver-
mont. The Chair stated that as this paragraph
connected the internal tax with the tariff on im-
ports providing that the tax should be qualified
according to the duties laid in the tariff bill, that
to that extent the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois was germane. No appeal was taken
from that decision of the Chair, and it is too late
now to make the point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
because this amendment will perplex the commit-
tee and lead to an endless debate, 1 shall be com-
pelled to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
after the speech of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] for five minutes, and when the
gentleman from Vermont was proceeding to op-
pose the amendmentand to state the reasons why
it should not be adopted, it is too late to raise the
point of order on the amendment. From that de-
cision the gentleman from Vermontappeals. The
question is," Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee?"
Tellers were demanded and ordered;and Messrs.
Morrill, of Vermont, and Lovejoy were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided: and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 47.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asks permis-
sion to state, in vindication of his decision, that
it has been the uniform usage of the House, when-
ever an amendment is offered, and no point of or-
der made at the time, it can not be made after wai ds.
Every gentleman understands this; and on that
usage the Chair made its decision.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the last
line; and, in vindication of the gentleman who
raised the point of order, I desire to state that it was
raised the moment the amendment was offered,
and that, instead of deciding it, the Chair directed
the gentleman from Illinois to proceed with his
remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts permit the Chair to state that it did
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts before
it asked the gentleman from Illinois to proceed
with his remarks ?
Mr. DAWES. If we are to proceed to revise
and amend the tariff law in this bill 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman from Massachusetts is talking
to nothing before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has moved to strike out the last line.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I raise the point of
order that the gentleman from Massachusetts is
not talking to his amendment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I raise the
point of order that the gentleman from Iihnois is
talking about nothing that is before the committee
or otherwise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will proceed, and the
Chair will determine whether he is in order.
Mr. DAWES. I was remarking, Mr. Chair-
man, that if we are to revise the tariff while con-
sidering this bill adjusting the interna! revenues,
n is due to the committee that we should have
some notice of it, so that a general revision of the
tariff may be brought about in considering this
bill. But it seems to me that the bill has been
framed for another purpose, andalthough the word
"duty" has been used,it refers to internal duties.
That has led to the confusion, confounding that
word with duties on foreign imports.
If I may be allowed one word on the merits of
the proposed amendment, I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois that when he speaks of
the duty on paper amounting to prohibition, he
forgets that it is not the duty on paper which
amounts to prohibition, but it is the exchange.
The moment exchange comes down paper can be
imported. If you strike off the duty on paper,
you strike at the entire home manufacture of the
article, and place the home manufacturer at the
mercy of the foreign producer; and you get your
cheap knowledge at a dear rate when you choke
them down. Has the gentleman from Illinois yet
to learn that all that the foreign manufacturer
wishes is to have the duty removed so that he
can break down the American manufacturer, and
then put up the price ? It is not the duty, it is the
price of the raw material that has made the cost
of paper what it is. The raw material is made
of cotton; and cotton which two years ago was
only twelve cents a pound now costs fifty cents a
pound.
Mr. STEVENS. And the raw material thatis
imported comes in duty free.
Air. DAWES. Certainly it does. If the gen-
tleman thinks that anybody is asking more for
paper than it can bo possibly made for, I will say
to the gentleman that I will undertake to furnish
him with all the manufactuiingestablishments he
wants, free of cost, if he will keep them in repair,
so that he and those in his interest can manufac-
ture paper and make all the money they possibly
can, paying for the rags at the rate of nine and a
half cents a pound. Does the gentleman desire to
break down the manufactuiers of paper in this
country—that large interest which has not been
able to sustain itself under the system we have
been carrying on—until the duty on foreign rags-
is taken off?
The gentleman from Illinois speaks about cheap-
ening knowledge. Sir, when paper came down
to seven cents a pound, there was no reduction in
the cost of books or newspapers. The cost of
books and newspapers remained precisely where
it was, although the paper manufacturers in this
country were ruined entirely by the breaking
down of the price of paper to seven and a half
cents a pound. The publishers of books and news-
papers became millionaires—the Harpers and the
Appletons. The proprietor of the New York
Herald owns his splendid establishment on Wash-
ington Heights, and the men who furnished the
paper are bankrupts to-day. There is not asingle
manufacturer of paper for newspapers within my
knowledge who has made three per cent, on hiti
capital for the last ten years, and he cannot do it
in the present price of the raw material. Yet my
friend proposes to strike off the duty oiWm ported
paper entirely, and to do it in this indirect way in
an mtei nal revenue bill. When it comes up reg-
ularly in the tariff bill, if the gentleman wants to
understand the facts, I shall be ready to discuss
the question with him; and if I cannot convince
him that the paper interest, and at the same time
the publishers and newspaper proprietors would
be at the mercy of the foreign manufacturer, I
will vote with him.
[Here the hammer fell.] #
Mr. LOVEJOY. In view of the statement made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] and of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Mokkii.i.,] that this question will come up
in a new and more appropriate bill, I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. HALL. I move to amend by striking out
the following paragraph:
On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twibt. fine-cut, find manu-
factmed of all doMnijitions. (not including snutf", cigars?,
and smoking tobacco piepaiod with all the stems in oi made
exclusively of stuiiis,) liiteen cents per pound.
The provisions of the tax bill passed last ses-
sion weie prepared with a great deal of care, and
underwent several modifications in the House and
in the Senate. Jt provided two classes of taxation,
according to the quality of the tobacco. This bill
undertakes to provide a uniform tax on tobacco of
all kinds. I am of opinion that the existing law
is more just.
1 have received from one of my constituents a
letter that presents a case which is only one of a
large numberof casesof this kind. He says that
in December last he made a contract with a party
for a large amount of tobacco to be delivered in
May or June next. At the time the contract was
made neither of the parties had the slightest idea
that the tax on tobacco would be increased. Now,
sir, it will be doing great injustice to him, and to :
all parties situated as he is, to impose upon them !
this additional burden.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Missouri and to the House :
that this proposed change to the bill does not really
affect tobacco at all.
Mr. HALL. If it does not affect tobacco at
all, then why make the change?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will proceed
to show the gentleman if he will listen. The tax,
as it now stands, is ten cents a pound upon all
below thirty cents a pound on manufactured to-
bacco, cavendish, plug, twist, &c., and fifteen
cents for ail above thirty cents; but it turns' out;
in pointof fact, that there is no tobacco manufac-
tured worth less than thirty cents a pound.- "It
was thought, therefore, better to make the rate oi
duty on tobacco uniform in order to prevent fraud}
in order to prevent an undervaluation by parties
for the purpose of paying only the lowest rate of
duty.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to amend the para-
graph proposed to be stricken out, by striking out
"fifteen" and inserting " twelve."
My information is different from that of the gen-
tleman from Vermont us to the manufacture of the
cheaper articlc, 1 think there is a large quantity
manufactured which would not be covered, under
the law as it now stands, by the tax of fifteen
cents. I believe that ten cents tax upon the cheaper
quality of tobacco is more onerous than fifteen
cents upon the higher article. I can see no reason
whatever for changing the law as it stands unless
it be to get rid of the inconvenience of making the
valuation; but the officers of the Governmental
present engaged in the business have already ac-
customed themselves to that inconvenience so that
hereafter no great difficulty can arise from that
source.
Now, sir, 1 believe that if the object of this
change is to increase the revenue it will fail. The
revenue will not be increased by making the tax
uniform upon all kinds of manufacture, while the
injury you will inflict upon the manufacturers of
the cheaper articles will more than account for the
amount of tax produced by the additional duty
of five cents a pound you impose by making the
duty uniform at fifteen cents.
Like my friend from Missouri I received letters
from small manufacturers of the cheaper article
complaining of this tax which they have found to
be very onerous under the present rate of duty.
Those who manufacture an article worth more
than thirty cents a pound have not met any such
difficulty or embarrassment.
I have moved this amendment, not because I
prefer it to the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri to strike out the paragraph, but for the
purpose of enabling me to say a word upon the
subject. I hope, however, if the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri does not prevail that
my motion will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, As la well
known there has been a very great pressure upon
the Committee of Ways and Means to raise the
duties both upon tobacco and whisky. It has
not, however, been the intention of the commit-
tee to make any real increase of tax upon either
article. As I have already remarked, the reason
for this change, making the tax uniform, is sim-
ply to prevent fraud.
Now, sir, in order to facilitate the progress of
this bill I move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate upon this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speakerhaving
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 770) to amend the tax bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that all
debate on the section under consideration of House
bill No. 770 be closed in one minute after the com-
mittee shall resume its consideration.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope debate will notbe
closed upon the whole section. There are some
matters of great importance yet to be considered
in that section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my motion, then, so as to close debate on the par-
agraphs of the bill relating to tobacco.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
