THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Qf-Hause bill No. 770, the pending question being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Menzies.
Mr. MENZIES withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Hall to strike out the paragraph.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
on page 10, at the end of the paragraph, by add-
ing as follows:
Provided, That in estimating the value of cigars upon
which duties are to be assessed, the market value of to-
bacco at the time shall be made the basis of such estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend in line
two hundred and twenty-four, after the word
"bonnets," by striking out " three" and insert-
ing " one;'* so as to make the paragraph read as
follows;
On ready-made clothing or articles of dress for men's,
women's, or children's weai, not including hats, caps, or
bonnets, one per cent, ad valorem .* Provided, That tailors,
boot and shoemakcis, milliners and dressmakers, making
clothing or articles of dress for men's, women's, or chil-
dren's wear}tonrderas custom-work, and not for sale gen-
erally, bhall, to the amount of § 1,000, l>e exempt from duty,
and ior any excess beyond Jhe amount of ,000 shall pay
a duty of one per cent, ad laloron.
Here is a case where there is no difficulty what-
ever in ascertaining the duty. We have already
adopted the principle, as I said before, that whore
the distinction can be readily ascertained, but one
single tax shall be levied upon an article. We
have adopted that principle in various instances
during the progress of this bill. Now, all persons
that i have heard converse upon this subject agree
with me in the conclusion to which 1 have arrived
on examination, that in fixing the value of ready-
made clothing, less than one third or about one
third is in the labor and profit, and two thirds in
the value of the material. In regulating the duty,
therefore, that proportion should be observed.
Below we have exempted all clothing made to
order to the amount of §1,000, and we imposed a
tax of ono per cent, on ail above that amount. I
can .see, therefoie, no reason why we should tax
ready-made clothing moie than three per cent,
upon its entire value, or why it should be twice
taxed. We have heaid that a great profit is often
made upon ready-made clothing, and that the
dealers m it make a great deal of money. I do not
know that that isany reason forpnnishing the men
who deal ;n it. There are a great many men
who make a great deal of money, but they are all
taxed, nevertheless,upon certain principles. I see,
therefore, no reason why this should be en excep-
tion; and 1 hope my amendment will pievatl.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veunont. I am by no
means sure that the other preposition in this sec-
tion is exactly right, but it is exactly as a ma-
jority in the Committee of Ways and Means made
it. They fixed the tax upon leady-made clothing
at three per cent., and upon clothing made to or-
der at one per cent. If the difference is too great— |j
and I am not sure but it is—if the gentleman had i,
proposed to regulate^, by raising the tax upon |!
clothing made 10 oidet, I should have been dis- j|
posed to go for it. I think, perhaps, that tailors ij
who manufacture above $1,000 worth a year are ij
amply able to pay a tax of two per cent. Why j!
advantages should be given to the manufacturers >,
of ready-made cloth ing above other man ufactui era j.
I cannot undeistand. There is probahiy at this
time no article the manufacture of which is more \\
profitable; and I believe there is no single reason ji
why ihcy should pay a less rate than three per ij
cent. Bui if the tax is to be reduced atall, it should !j
not be reduced below two per cent, if those who ![
make to order pay one per cent. I believe, how- ij
ever, it would be wiser to increase the tax upon r
those who make to order to two per cent. ;i
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move to amend by re-
ducing the tax to three quarters of one per cent. I j1
undeistand, Mr. Chairman, that the Committee {!
of Ways and Means have taken a good deal of }|
evidence upon the subject of the increased value I1
which the manufacturer adds to the material lor ;i
ready-made clothing. 1 undt rstand that there is
no single article enteiing into the manufacture of ;■
ready-made clothing thnt has not already been !;
taxed. It is generally of domestic manufacture, •!
and where it is imported the tax is equally laid by ;]
impost duty. The question, then, of principle j{
adopted here, and one, too, conceded by the Com- If
miUec of Ways and Means, is that you shall im- y
pose a tax on the increased value only. You tax ,,
the ordinary manufacturer three per cent, ad valo-
rem9 and when made up into goods you only tax
the increase. The increased value of clothing, and
necessarily the profit,"is shown to be one third, so
thatif you tax the increased value three percent.,
it will only be one per cent, over ad valorem of the
whole manufacture. To make it three per ccnt.
is to tax the increased value, which is still more
mechanical, nine per cent. I think one per cent,
a fair tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire the com-
mittee to understand the effect of the proposition.
If you carry it, it releases the manufacturers of
boots and shoes from the payment of three per
cent, now levied on them, and reduces them to one
per cent. If the motion fails, I will move to tax
all ready-made clothing two per cent.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to add one
fourth per cent. I do this pro forma. It docs seem
to me that we, in taxing manufacturers, ought to
adhere to a principle; and it is one which some,
at least, of the committee admit to be sound. We
ought not to tax one set of manufacturers on one
plan of only taxing the increased value which the
manufacturer gives to the commodities he works
up, and another class on the full value of the man-
ufactured article. This way of making up a tux
bill of" shreds and patches" upon no fixed prin-
ciple, but just as may be found most agreeable
or easy, will work out singular inequality. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
favors taxing the manufacturers of clothes one per
cent, because, he alleges, it is easy to get at how
much the tailor adds to the value of the materials
he wot ks up, and he says that is one third of the
value of the clothing, tic therefore puts his lax
at one per cent, lie says it is hard to get at what
other manufacturers add to the value of the com-
modities they work up, and therefore he taxes
them on the full value of their commodities, or
three per cent. The tailor he taxes one per cent.,
and the next-door neighbor, the tinner, he taxes
thiee per cent. Why, sir, is such a system of
taxation to be tolerated which taxes one man three
times as much as his neighbor, merely because
you think you can exempt one more easily than
another^ Sir, this tax law comes heavily on the
people; but that is necessary, and they will cheer-
fully bear it. But they will not cheerfully bear a
system which exempts or lightly taxes one class
at the expense of another. Equality of taxation
upon interests and property of the same class,
and same ability to pay, is of the very essence of
ail just systems of taxation. I am earnestly in
favor of taxing manufacturers of clothing only on
the additional value tiicy give to the material they
work up. But 1 am equally in favor of taxing all
others, equally worthy manufactnters, who are
no more able to pay, in the same way. And until
you reduce the tax on all classes I beg you not to
take it off from one, and thereby throw it upon
another just as pour, and just as much entitled to
encouragement. Adopt a just and equal princi-
ple, and adhere to it.
I only offered this amendment to enable me to
make these remaiks, and I withdraw it.
Mr. BLAKE. 1 hope that theamendmentof the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will prevail. I hope
so for this reason: there are a large class of small
manufacturers of ready-made clothing that this
lax of iluee percent, ad valorem is very oppressive
upon. Take a poor tailor, who, perhaps, is doing
a buaim of §5,000 per year, he would pay under
this tax fifteen dollars besides his license of ten
dollars, while a merchant, doing a business of
$25,000 per year, would only pay for his license
ten dollais. Now this, sir, is the way this tax
works all over the country upon these men, and
is manifestly unjust.
I agree with my colleague, that taxes should be
equal; but I do not intend that the taxes should
be imposed upon the rich and poor alike. The
poor should be, as far as possible, exempted from
these taxes. It is not intended that these taxes
should be equal. The bill start* out with no such
proposition. The object being, as far as possi-*
bio, to reach the capital of the country, where the
tax will If least felt.
Mr. Stf.yen's's amendment was adopted.
Mr. LOOM IS. I move to insert: "On envelopes
made of paper one per cent, ad valorem." The
leason which required the adoption of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from "Pennsylvania would
also require the adoption of the amendment I have
just submitted. The material taxed in envelopes
is two thirds of the whole value.
Mr. STEVENS. I make a point of order on
that amendment. Itis precisely the same amend-
ment that was offered some time ago, and voted
down by the committee. I make the point of
order that the amendment cannot be offered more
than once. If we begin with that practice there
is no telling when we will get through with this
business.
Mr. LOOMIS. Itis not exactly the same amend-
ment that I submitted some moments ago. I
changed it enough to evade the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move the following amend-
ment:
The commissioner shall make suchiulos and regulations
as, will, as far a* practicable, pi event manufactured articles
from being assessed for moic than one tax. Wheneveran
article i> ussed in the manufacture ol another manufactured
j article, winch has already been a^es&ed and paid a tax,
: tile same shall not be taxed again, but only the increased
value thereof *hal) be assessed for taxation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a ques-
tion of order on the amendment. The same ques-
tion has been already dccided three times.
Mr. ARNOLD. The amendment is entirely
different.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is precisely
the same question that has been already voted on
by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to strike out the follow-
ing proviso:
Ptovulcd, That there shall be deducted from duties as-
sessed upon railroad cais any duties which may have been
assessed and paid upon car-wheels under the provisions of
this act.
Mr. STEVENS. I oppose that for obvious
reasons.
Air. PIKE. I supported the other proposition
to show my consistency. Hcie is a large and
powerful interest in the country which is able to
pay the tax, and it is that kind of an interest
which I want taxed. I do not pretend that these
taxes should be equal. That is not the principle
of the tax bill. The principle of the bill is to
make the capital of the country support the bur-
dens of the country. Because the tax fell upon
the poor in the other case, I wanted it out; be-
cause here it falls upon those able to pay it, I
want it put in.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to amend by striking
out from line two hundred and forty-nine to line
two hundred and fifty-two, inclusive, as follows:
On clocks and tune pieces three per cent, ad valorem:
Provided, That any duties which may have been paid on
clock movements used fot clocks or time pieces, upon
which duties thall be as-biased ot paid, shall be deducted
theiefiom
And inserting in lieu thereof:
On clock"? or time pieces, and on clock movements when
solil without bejng cashed, three per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I move to amend
by adding, after line two hundred and sixty-nine,
the following proviso:
Proiided, That no duty shall be levied on cattle slaugh-
tered for their hides and tallow.
I will only say one word in reference to the
amendment. The price of cattle on the Pacific
coast has fallen so low that thousands of heads
are being slaughtered for their hides and taliow.
Paities who have been in the stock business are
almost wholly ruined in consequence of the de-
preciation of the value of cattle. They get very
little out of them any way, and they cannot afford
to pay the tax. I hope th« House will seethe
justice of an amendment of this sort.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by inserting, after line two hundred and seventy-
four, the following:
That section one liundied ami two be, and iieieby is
amended by linking out the womJs •' thereupon allow and
deduct from." and inserting 111 lieu theieof the words* a al-
low uponhy !?tiikinj{Outthe words'- addpd to the amount
after deducting the allowance 01 per cent as rfoiesaid,''
and inverting 111 lieu thereof the woids*'paid by the pur-
chaser of said stamped paper, vellum, or paichmentand
| by striding out the word '♦ discount," and inserting in lieu
1 thereof the word ucommission."
s The amendment was agreed to.
