1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the luminous remarks of the gentleman- from
Massachusetts [Mr. Walker] the other day.
Other gentlemen gave us facts. He went below,
and showed the causes that produced them. In
his hands the lawsoffinance—those which govern
the Subdivision, the currency—seemed few and
well defined, and their certain results to be calcu-
lated upon.
I beg to suggest to the gentleman, who does me
the kindness to listen to me, that these are excep-
tional times, which I fear will force a change, or a
suspension of the laws themselves; a matter too
important to be lost sight of. From data satisfac-
tory in argument, he showed that in I860, for in-
stance, the people of the loyal States required
$ 500,000,000 of currency. He also finds that there
was then in existence within a fraction of that
amount, thus establishing the harmony between
the theory and practical tesults of the laws of
finance. To this sum ho adds all the subsequent
increase,some $950,000,000 oi more,and assumes
that by so much is there now an excess. Is this
so? Sir, in 1860 tho Government for its purposes
required $100,000,000 of this same currency. Na-
tions have learned to adjust their governmental
machinery so as that it may be propelled by the
ordinary streams of commerce and finance; and
it should be their object to withdraw fiotn them
as little as possible, return it in the shortest time,
and return it undiminished. In 1«60 the Govern-
ment used of this $500,000,000, $100,000,000; that
is, that quantity of it passed through tho hands
of the Government. If we knew the average
amount of this currency in the hands of tho Gov-
ernment, we could then determine just how much
of the §500,000,000 the Government withdrew
from ordinary circulation, which would furnish
a basis for present calculations. I have no data
from which to venture aguoss even at the amount.
Nobody will contend that the people do not now
require for their purposes as much cunency as in
I860,and,as I think,more. While some branches
of business have languished, others have been
largely increased; and still others, and most im-
portant ones, have been established. While tins
is true of the people, the wants of I he Government
have increased more than tenfold. For the year
18G3, our expenditures were, in round figures,
$1,000,000,000, which requires a passage through
the hands of the Government of the whole of this
§500,000,000 twice over in a single year. Our
expenditures for the year ensuing, are to be even
much larger than for this. And it is to be borne
in mind that the Government pays out much of
these immense sums at now and unusual points,
from which they will not find their way into the
ordinary channels of business so rapidly as for-
merly. Does anybody pretend that all this vast
business of the people and tiie Government can
be carried on with £500,000,000 of currency ? Will
it not require at least §800,000,000? I believe that
u will, or more. Sir, so far from there being a
redundancy of the currency, I believe there is a
deficiency; and I hope these suggestions may re-
ceive some attention at the hands of some of the
able theoi istsand practical financiers of the House.
Is there the alarming depreciation of the cur-
rency as claimed, and which nobody thus far
seems to question? Certainly this is not pioved
by its excess; for no such excess exists, as I have
shown. We are pointed-to the great difference
in the nominal value of the paper dollar of the
Treasury and the gold dollar of the Mint, which
was lecently foity-seven ccntsagainst tho foi mer.
And this, we ate told, proves ineontestahly that
the paper dollar lias depreciated forty-sewn per
cent. Perhaps so. This depends wholly upon the
place and office of gold as a standard of values.
If it still sits in the market place, a crowned king,
measuring with its inflexible scepter the value of
all other things, this would seem to be established.
But, sir, it has been tumbled down, disciowned,
and abased, degraded to a commodity of traffic,
like corn and wine and poik. Indeed, it has be-
come more,variable than they. Gold has disap-
peared. No child of the age of two years has yet
seen a com. The eagles upon it hav^ flown away, j
beyond any power to lure them back by any j
charm we have yet devised. Gold has been seized
as an article of gambling speculation and, like ;
stocks, the constant tremor of its price indicates
nothing but the variant waves in the ebb andiiow
of Wail .street. Both are the chips" of the gam-
blers. When gold has become an ai tide of mer-
chandise, it is no more a standard of value than
any other well-known and indispensable article,
the price of which is fixed by demand and sup-
ply. Try the paper dollar to-day by any of these
standards, and if it has greatly depreciated, they
will unanimously condemn it.
What is the result? Why, sir, the paper dollar
now buys just as large a measure of wheat, just
as many pounds of beef, more of pork, and more
of land, as did the gold dollar when it was the
standard of value. That, too, is the result tried by
every other article, the price of which has not
been enhanced by our legislation, or causes re-
mote from any alleged depreciation. In Septem-
ber, 1861, before the alleged depreciation began,
the contractors, with this currency, purchased,
in northern Ohio, for the second Ohio cavalry,
horses at an average say of £100 each. Now,
with this same currency, depreciated forty-seven
per cent., as is alleged, the contractors are in the
same market buying horses of tho same quality
for the tenth Ohio cavalry at a fraction le^s than
was paid before. Why is it that they do not
pay §147 each for the horses, and $1 47 for the
measure of wheat; and so on for everything that
is in market? And how comes it that with this
depreciation going on for over a year, there has
been no advance, not the least, in any of these ar-
ticles? I know that the pi ice of many articles has
been enhanced most alarmingly, but that is due
wholly to the onerous war tax of these wretched
times upon them. How is it with land, upon
which rests all property? It has advanced no-
where, save in this capital—ruined as H was by
emancipation.
Sir, I submit, upon this hasty view, whether
there is or can be any actual depreciation of the.
currency as claimed; or whether there is cause for
the dolorous view of our finances with which
some gentlemen are so fond of solacing them-
selves and tho committee ?
I must be indulged a little further upon the
proposed issue of paper. In addition to the vast
amount of Treasury notes authorized by former
acts, wc have, by joint resolution,justoidered an-
otherissue of #100,000,000. The bill of the Ways
and Means Committee calls for $300,000,000; the
substitute of the chairman the same; while under
that pioposed by the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. TIoopf.r,] there may be issued
$*900,000*000. In the piesence of this proposed
deluge, we may well impure for some ark of safety
for the escape of a chosen few. 1 see nothing
alarming in the pi'^ent amount of our currency,
but to swell it by the vast volume proposed dis-
turbs even my nerves. Yet 1 know not that we
have any choicc. A huge chasm impedes our
way. We cannot leap it; nor can our engineer-
ing bridge it. There seems no way but to turn a
mi.ghty tide into it, with the hope of fioatingover,
or to buoy us up with some sort of balloonery and
navigate the atmosphere to the other side. Pass
we must, and 1 care little for incidental losses, if
we can attain the passage. But the danger is that
the tide cannot bear us up—that the gas bags will
collapse and overwhelm us in remediless ruin.
Yet to remain where we are is even more hope-
less.
If wo could make this new issue the equivalent
of gold, or nearly so, directly it would little affect
the volume of the currencyjfor, like gold,it would
disappear, it being the especial chaiacteristic of
your rneietricious bank note to be endued with
intense activity; and u keeps itself up like some
heads we wot of, by its very levity, indirectly it
would infinitely increase it; for notwithstanding
what might be retired for Government bonds,
more would be employed as a basis for banking,
and become the fruitful parent of un illegitimate
issue.
It matters nothing who issues paper, whether
a Government or an individual; when once in-
jected into the channels of commerce, it meets and
is conUolled by the same inflexible laws. Our
Govt turnout paper, like ail other, must depend for
its success upon the confluence of the people in our
ability and intention to pay it. If we had the gold
for a basis our paper would be us equivalent, and
we could buy this confidence. We could go into
the marts of the woi'd and compel it. We would
chain it to the portals of our exchequer with fet-
ters of gold. Or rather, it would unfettered remain
our willing slave; lingering ever, as the fabled
2,'iioiiie is fluid to haunt the place where its treasure
is buried. Paper has no intrinsic valtt&,*dnd:ch'u't
a low exchangeable value. All its wealth-is im*
parted.to it by what is written on its face;- atid
a Government can write on-its paper more and
stronger evidence of its,ability and" intentiorif'to
pay than camindrvidoals; and hence can challenge
a wider and deeper confidence. A sovereign can*—
or we did, or we tried to, impart to our paper one
most remarkable quality, that of liquidating pri-
vate indebtedness, whether the creditor would'of
no. The law and the logic for this certainly do
not dwell in the Constitution. The argument so
pungent in that case came from those triangular
bits of steel called bayonets; and the logic upon
which the^ measure was based came from the fur-
rowed throats of rebel cannon. Five hundred or
a thousand pieces of artillery, all bearing on this
question, settled it for the present in spite of us.
But making a note a legal tender in no way en-
hances confidence in the maker of it; but rather
the reverse. It comes with no promise to pay;
but it brazenly declares that it. itself is the pay-
ment. This quality unquestionably facilitates the
circulation of this paper. Thcholderof commod-
ities may be willing to exchange for it for that rea-
son alone, for with it he may discharge his own
indebtedness.
One other thing the sovereign may do, and in
my judgment it ought in our case to be promptly
done. We may so <&>nstrain our subjects as that
they can but choose our currency, by sweeping
away all competitors. As incidental to our power
to issue and provide for the circulation of our notes,
we may do this. As one of the elements of our
sovereignty under the Constitution, it is preem-
inently a power residing m us; a power that has
been m abevance from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. ! trust it is now to be effectually and
boldly exercised. Every consideration of duty to
the people and safety to the Government demands
this. Sir, this great revolution will not have ac-
complished all its beneficent designs, if it does'not
rid us forever from the measureless evils insep-
arable from the very life of the system under
which we have lived and languished. I know,
sir, this change involves an interference with pri-
vate affairs, but m a matter so momentous, and at
a time so perilous, these interests must yield. Ev-
ery dollar of the issues of the solvent banks can
with sufficient promptness be retired, with no loss
save that of prospective profits. And surely money
is always able to take care of itself without the
special aid of law. As for the insolvent banks,
loss must ever attend them; and their issues can
be retued with less now than at any after time.
I do not propose to.discuss the plan of a na-
tional currency, though the subject naturally in-
grafts jtsolf on these remarks, winch already
embrace the points which I rose to speak upon. I
believe but one plan looking to the establishment
of such a currency has been brought before the
H-ouso; and that from the gentlemen of the Ways
and Means finds' no favor, meets with nothing
but criticism and contumely. Nothing in the
world is so easy as to criticise. Anybody with
ability or with none can opoose any measure,
and find it most faulty. To ilo that requires no
invention. But these gentlemen, with the history
oi'banking and the experience of a century be-
fore them, have no measure to propose. Noth-
ing, absolutely nothing; nothing but an interm-
inable issue of Treasury notes for the time; and
when the furthest wave strands us, God knows
where, weare to limp on again, God knows how,
on the crumbled crutches and broken staves of
the—1 don't know how many hundred banks of
the States; that fractional (listoited system of
rent patchwork and shreds, rude and ragged,
whose institutions have exhausted the zoological
nomenclature to find fitting names for their qual-
ities. Sir, the united coinage of the globe, of all
time, fails to express the losses to the people of
i*his country alone through the doings of the ir.-
j continent and leaky offspring of this system, to
j which these gentlemen leave us. Will nothing
! provoke them to unite with the distinguished
| head of the Treasury to free the country fiom the
j blasting evils that, with periodic certainty, ram
I from this system upon every field of enterprise
and labor?
I The distinguished chairman of the Ways and
j Means Committee a few days since coldly di -
| missed the plan of the Secretary with the remark
i that it was now too late to hope for/elief in our
