324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
* Mr. COLLAMER. Who made that agree-
ment?
Mr. GRIMES. The agreement was made in
the face of the Senate, i rose here and stated
that it was desirable that a. certttin time should be
set apart for the consideration of the business of
the District of Columbia, and it was agreed to
without dissent by anybody.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is on record, that is
enough.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether it is
on record or not.
Mr. POMEROY. There was euch an under-
standing as that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa. It i3
for the Senate to decide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was stated openly in the
Senate, and no objection was made, that the Sen-
ator from Iowa should have some time to-day for
District business. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that
the Senate postpone all prior orders, and proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 532.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that I now
have the consent of the gentleman to make a re-
port.
Mr. GRIMES. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
1JRIDGE ACUOSS TIIK OHIO HIVEll.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred,
yesterday, a bill (S. No. 568) to authorize the
Covington and Cincinnati Bridge Company to
build a bridge ovsr the Ohio river at a height not
under one hundred feet above low-water mark,
have directed me to teport it back with an amend-
ment; and inasmuch as it is a matter of much con-
cernment there, I desire that it may be passed
upon at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Vermont asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the bill just reported from the
Committee on the Post Office anu Post Roads at
the present time.
Mr.COLLAMER. Heretofore we havegranted
leave to make bridges across the Ohio river ninety
feet above low-water mark, and two bundled feet
span across the main channel. This bridge is
proposed fo be built not less than one hundred
feet above low-water mark, and the same span as
the others. That matter in relation to the span is
the amendment which the committee have made
part of the bill.
Thete being no object ion, the Senate, as in Com-
mitter of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. C>f>8) to allow the Covington and Cin-
cinnati Biidge Company to build a budge at a
height not undT one hundred feet above low-
water mark.
The Secretary read the bill, which authorizes
the Covington and Cincinnati Bridge Company to
build abiidge over the Ohio river contemplated in
its charter at any height not less than one hundred
feet above the surface of the water at low-water
maik of that river, and the hiidge is declared a
post toute, and the span of the bridge covering
the main channel of the river is not to be less than
three hundred feet.
Mr. COLLAMEU. That should be two hun-
dred feet. That latter pait is the amendment pro-
posed by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment wiii be repoi ted.
Mr. WADE I lutv< not had rime to look at
this bill, and u is a matter that affects very mate-
rially the people of Ohio.
Tlie PRESIDENTpto tempore. The Senator
from Vermont wiil indicate the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is that the span across
the main cirumel of the river shall not be less
than two bundled feet.
The PRESIDENT jw/ctti/we. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roada.
Mr. WADE, i hope this bill will not be acted
on until I ain able to examine it, unless my col-
league can state that he has examined it and found
its provisions ail light.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
chairman of the committee, I should like this bill
to go over, as there are conferences going on in
regard to it among the parties who are interested
in it. I hope, therefore, it may be laid aside.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is not passed to-day j
it will not be passed this session. We are in-
formed by members of the House of Represent-
atives that if we send it over there to-day they can
pass it, otherwise they cannot.
Mr. SHERMAN. At present I should have
to move an amendment that would excite discus-
sion. I hope, therefore, it will go over until to-
morrow morning. I think it will be time enough
to act upon it then.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to make one in-
quiry: whether this company which proposes to
build this bridge has not already a charter from
the States of Ohio and Kentucky authorizing them
to cross the river ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That charter required the
brhdge to be at the altitude of one hundred and
twenty feet. This requires the altitude of ninety
feet.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; one hundred,
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, on the motion of
sonic one in the House of Representatives, the
Cincinnati bridge was stricken out.
Mr. COLLAMER. This bill relates to the
Cincinnati bridge only.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is not the bill I
supposed was under discussion. I hope, how-
ever, it will be passed over for the present.
Mr. COWAN. I think it had better be post-
poned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I think this bill had better lie
over informally, and that the Senate go on with
the regular assignment.
Mi. DAVIS. Let us take a vote.
Mi. GRIMES. But there is to be discussion
upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. Not on the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. The bill is (
before the Senate,and in Committee of the Whole j
by unanimous consent; and now can be disposed
of only by a m >tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it lie on the
table informally.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF LAWS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, Thru five thousand copies of the acts and joint j
reflation-* of the third .sei-Mon of iheThiitv-Seventh Con-
gress be printed m pamphlet foim for the u^'e of the Senate,
with a suitable index.
TEKIUTORIAJj INDEBTEDNESS OF KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was consideied by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Raolveil, Th.it ilie (Jwinmitt>'<j on Finance be instructed
to examine into the claim oi the State of Kan>as to have
th'-ii to,tutorial indebtedness ar-siitwd by ^aid State to oil-
set against her portion oi the direct tax of itfCl, and to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask that the reso-
lutions on the-table from the Legislature of Kan-
sas on this subject, and also a letter from the Gov-
ernor of the State on the same subject, be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT jwo tempore. Tlicy will be
so referred.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. No. 135) relative to
payments to volunteers and militia in the service
of the United States; which was lead twice by as
title, and icferred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia,
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
572) to regulate the tenancy of real estate between
landlord and tenant; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
WASHINGTON LEVY COURT.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill which was
laid aside to enable the Senator from Vermont to
make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill ia
now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 532) to de-
fine the powers and duties of the levy court of
the county of Washington, Distiict of Columbia,
in regard to roads, and for other purposes.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
the District of Columbia with various amend-
ments. The first amendment of the committee
was in section three, after the clause, "and the
said court shall have power, and it shall be their
duty, first, to lay out, alter, repair, discontinue,
and regulate any of the public roads and high-
ways within said county," to add the words:
And at any tune hereattcr to inquire and to decide
whether any road in said county held by any incorporated
company, has been, and is at tfie time ofpuch inquiry, kept
in the condition required by the charter thereof, and if not,
to take legal proceedings toaequue possession of the same
as other county roada.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, line thirty-eight, after the word
"lands" to insert the words li and other assess-
able piopcrty," and in line forty-one, after the
word " valuation" to insert the words " and also
a tax of not exceeding one dollar each on dogs;5'
so that the clause will read:
Seventhly. To levy a tax upon all lands and other as-
sessable property lying m said county, and the improve-
ments on the fiime, at a late not exceeding one dollar in
the hundred dollars, of their valuation, and aUoa tax of not
exceeding one dollar each on dogs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The words " and the improve-
ments on the same" in the thirty-ninth and
fortieth lines of that clause are surplusage, and
ought to be stricken out. I make that motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
fifty, to strike out the word <4 impose" and to in-
sert the words " pass ordinances imposing."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That being a
verbal amendment will be agreed to, no objection
being made.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section six, line forty-two, after the word " dam-
ages," to insert the word*, " in cases where no-
tice cannot be served on the owner or owners, the
same proceedings shall be had as is provided in
this section as m the case of minors."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert as section seven, the following:
tfr.c. 7. dnd be it fuiiher evaded, That in anycase where
materials ot any kind shall h<j deemed neeest-aiy for mak-
ing orr^pniring a public road, if the levy couit cannot agree
with the ownei an to then pmchase, the said court may
proceed in the same manner for condemning taid materials
as m ca-c> ot condemnation of l.tnd for the purpo^os of a
public load, a-> is piovub d tor m the next pieceding section
of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section eight, line three, to strike out the words
"declare what are," and to insert the word
<k abate;" so that it will read, "that said levy
comt shall have full power to make sanitary rules
and regulations in said county to abate nuisances,"
(fee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert as section ten, the following:
Sec. 10. *dnd he it further enacted. Tii.it fines, under any
of the ordinance-* of the levy court, may be recovered in the
name and lot the use of said levy coiut helbte any magis-
trate ot said county of Washington, and tiie person or per-
son- ag.utw whom a fm  may b" imposed *IklII pay the
suiif ,ii the Lime n is ?o imposed with costs, oi tuve secti-
lity toi tnc payment of such fine and cost*, as requued by
the sixth sreiiou oi an at t enntb-d "An act to amend an
actio ncate a nieimpolitan police distiict of the District
of Columbia, and to establish a police therefoi," app:oved
Augu.st G, 18b], or shall stand committed till the whole is
paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were conciured in. The bill
was oidered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
WAYS AND MEANS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ei iieridgf, Us Cleik, announced that the
House of Representatives hud coneuired in the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
