1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 659) to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government, except as to the Sen-
ate 's twenty-third amendment, ana asked a further
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Euiir B.
Washburne of Illinois, Mr. Henry L. IKwes
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Elbridoe G.Spauld-
ing of New York, managers at the second confer-
ence on its part.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I send to the Chair the
report of the committee of conference on the bill
just received from the House of Representatives.
I ask that it may be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R.
Nri. 659) to piovide ways and uicatH for the suppmt of the
Government, having met., after fail ami free cwnterence
have agreed to ie«!t)mmeiul, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as to] lows:
That the House recede tiom their disagreement to the
twelfth, thiiteenth,twenty-second.and twf nty-lifthamend-
ments of the Senate and agree to the same.
That the Senate lueede tiom their (h&agieement to the
amendment of the floti-e to the fiibt amendment of the Sen-
ate and agree to the same.
That the Senate lecede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the twentieth amendment of
the Senate and ngreo to the same.
That the Senate recede from then-sixth, ninth, and tenth
amendments to the second section of the hill, and agiee to
amend the same as follows : sttiko out all after the word
u thai," in the first line to the end of the second section,
with all the amendment* theieto, and in iieutheieol'iiwert
the following, and the Hou^e ayreu to the >aine, name!)-.
"The Secretary of the Tieasury he, and he. is hetehy,auilior-
ized to issue, on the ci edit oitiie United States, ^1UU,000,000
in Tieasuiy notes, {uvalde at the pleasure of the Uniled
Suites, or at such time oi times, not exceeding three years
fiom date, as may he found niOft beneficial to the public
inteiests, and beating interest at a late not e.\eeeding six
per cent, pet annum," payible ,it period* expte^ed on the
face of said Tieiumy notes; and the mtert -,r on the said
Tieasury notes and on certificates of indebtedness ami
deposit iieieafter issued, shall be paid in lawful money.
The Treasury notes thus? b->ned, shall be ol sueli denomin-
ation as the Seetetarv shall direct, not les> than ten dol-
lars, and may be disposed of on the best teim< thai e.m be
obtained, or may he paid to any creditor of the United State.-
willing to icceive tile same at par; and said Treasury notes
may be made a legal tender to the simo extent .e= United
States notes, foi iln-ir lace value, excluding interest, oi
they may lie made c\< han^cabl'- under regulations pre-
scribed by the Seeretaiy of the Tiea^urv bv the holder
theieot at the Tiea-mv in the city ol Wa-hiugton, or at the
office of atij Assistant Tiea>utci oi depo-uaiy de-igiMtud
for that j)U'pOs>e, lot United States note-, ecjiul in amount
to the Tiea-uiy notes ofleted for exchange, together \\ ith
the interest accrued and due thereon at the date ol interest
payment next piecedmgsuch exchangi ; and m hen <>f;my
amount ot said Tiea^uiy notes thus exchanged, or ledeeined
or paid at matuiity, tiie Secretary may issue an equal
amount of other Tieasurj notes, and the'Treasuty notes so
exchanged, redeemed, or paid, shall be canceled and de-
stroyed as tiie Secietaiy may direct. In oiderto secuie cer-
tain and pioinpt exchanges ol United States notes fot Treas-
ury notes, when required as above provided, the Secietary
shall have power to issue United States notes to the amount
of $150,000,000, which may be used, if necessary, lor such
exchanges; but no part of the United States notes authoi-
ized by this section shall hn i^ued for or applied to any
other purpose than said exchange,?.; and whenever any
amount shall have been so issued and applied, the same
shall bj icpUiced as soon a-> pra'cticablc iiom the ^ales of
Treastuy notes fot United States notes.''
And the committee have been unable to agree upon the
twenty-third amendment ofthe Senate.
W. P. UCSSENDEV,
JOiI\T SI1IHIMAN,
TiJOUAS 12. HICK*,
Mana^^-i s ok (he part of the Senate.
TEiAbDUUS STEVEN'S,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
C. A. TUIMHLE,
Managers on the part of the House
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
agree to the report of the committee as made, and
that it insist upon its twenty-third amendment,
which is in relation to the tax on banks, and ap-
point another committee of conference, according
to the request of the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tiie first ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the commit-
tee of conference, the committee having reported
upon all the disagreeing votes, with but one ex-
ception, as appears by the report, it being com-
petent for a committee to report in part, if they
cannot agree upon ail. The question ts upon con-
cuiring in the report of the committee so far as
they report an agreement.
The report was cuncuned in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the Senate further insist npon Hs twen-
ty-third amendment, and a^ree to the conference
asked for by the House of Representatives on this
disagreeing vote.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Sherman*
Mr. Collamer, and Mr. Harding were appointed
on the part of the Senate.
EDUCATION OF COLOK15D YOUTH.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate biii
No. 536, to incorporate the institution for the ed-
ucation of colored youth in the District of Colum-
bia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the-Whole. It
proposes to constitute Henry Addison, John C.
Underwood,George C. Abbot, William H. Chan-
ning, Nancy M. Johnson, of the District of Co-
lumbia, and Myrtelia Miner, of California, and
their associates and successors, a body politic and
corporate, by the name and title of " The Institu-
tion for the Education of Colored Youth," to be
located in the District of Columbia; the objects of
which institution are to educate and improve the
moral and intellectual condition of such of tin; col-
ored youth of the nation as may be placed under
its care and influence, and by that name the corpo-
ration is to have perpetual succession, with power
to sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded in
any court of the United States, to collect subscrip-
tions, make by-laws, rules, and regulations, as
may be needful for the government of the institu-
tion, and the same to after, amend, and abrogate
at pleasure; to have a common seal, the same to
break, alter, and renew at will; to appoint such
officers as may be required for the management of
the institution, and to assign them their duties,
and generally to provide for the transaction of all
business appertaining to the institution. The by-
laws, rules, and regulations which may be so
adopted, are to be as valid as if they were made a
part of this act, but are not to be inconsistent with
it nor repugnant to the hi ws of the District of Co-
lumbia. The corporation may have, hold, and
receive for tiie purposes of the institution, and for
no other, real, personal, and mixed estate, by pur-
chase, gift, or devise, not to exceed thousand
dollars; to use, lease, sell, or convey the same for
the purposes and benefit of the institution, and may
appoint such teachers as may be necessary and
fix their compensation. The corporation is not to
be engaged in any banking or commercial busi-
ness, nor to issue any note, check, or other evi-
dence of debt intended to be'usod as a circulation;
and Congress may have the light to alter or re-
peal llits act at any time heteafter. '
Mr. GRIMES. I move to fill the blank in the
second section with " one hundred;"so as to read,
tl not to exceed §100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARL1LE. T should like to know if these
negroes cannot be, educated without an act of in-
corporation. We educate the white people in my
country without any acts of incorporation. We
do not Lave to go to the Legislature of our State
or to the Congress of the United States to enable
us to educate our children. I do not see the ne-
cessity, particularly at this time, for creating a
corporate body for the education of the colored
children of the nation; nor do I see anyvery good
reason—1 have heard none—why the Government
of t he United States should enter upon the scheme
of educating negroes. I understand that the reason
assigned for the government of a State under-
taking the education of the citizens of the State is
that the citizens jn this country are the governors,
and the maintenance of our form of Government
depends: upon the intelligence of the people who
aie to exercise the naht of suffrage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having nmved, the unfinished busi- |
ne«?s of yesteiday comes up as the special order j
of the day, being the bankrupt bill. |
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the special order i
be postponed until we dispose of the business in
relation to the District of Columbia. It is very
well known to the Senate that this day, for an
hour or two, was set apart for the transaction of
business jelating to the District of Columbia. The
bill that the Senator from Connecfieut hns in
charge can be'disposed of afterwards.
Mr. POSTER. I shall have no hope of any
action upon that hill unless it can be had now. 1 j;
have been watching for days, I may say, to get p
it up, and yesterday was the fust day I succeeded ]\
in doing so. I must ask for a vote on the question. p
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator !|
from Iowa moves to suspend the special order of j!
the day and all other orders for the purposa of •!
proceeding with the bill thai was under consider-
ation at the arrival of the hour of o'ne.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-one,
noes not counted.
Mr. C A RULE. I am exceedingly desirous
to afford the Senatov from Iowa, the chairman
ofthe Committeeof the District of Columbia/ An
opportunity to dispose of his bills, and if he will
consent to let this pass by or lie on the'table,'I
shall not delay the action of the Senate apon'hia
other propositions; but I feel bound to state my
objections to this bill if it is pressed now.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well, sir, go on';'I pro-
pose to press it.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I desire
inquire the necessity for the interference of the
Government, for action on the part of Congress
in the shape of a legislative enactment creating a
corporation to educate the colored children of this
country. "Why is it necessary that that shall be
done ? The Senator from Iowa, if 1 do not mis-
take, has voted for the scheme of the President
of the United States, which connects colonization
with emancipation. That of itself, I take it, is
an acknowledgment that the two races cannot
exist together in freedom m this country. 1 un-
derstand the President to concede that fact, and I
take lus concession as that of his friends. I take
it he is the head at least of his party. I fully con-
cur that if the negro is to remain in this country,
he can only remain with safety to the white race
in the subordinate capacity of a slave.
I lay down the other proposition, that no legis-
lative body in a State can undertake the education
of the children of a State upon any other ground
than the one that I stated before, that as this is
the Government of the people, dependent for its
administration and its perpetuiiy upon the intel-
ligence as well as the virtue of the people, it may
be the duty ofthe State to educate those who are
to take part in the affairs of that Government.
But I presume that we have not yet reached the
point when it is proposed to elevate to the condi-
tion of a voter and one of the governors of tiie
country the negroes of the land. It is not pro-
posed, I take it, to place the negroes in a position
winch was announced in this Chamber a Sunday
or two ago by a gentleman to whom the use of this
Chamber was tendered, at the request, I am in-
formed, of a large number of Senators on the other
side. The announcement was that all men born in
this country, of whatever color, must be made cit-
izens of the United States,and be entitled tool! the
privileges of citizens. I take it wc have not yet
reached that point in the suppression of the rebel-
lion; noram I able to conceive how the passage of
the bill under consideration will tend tolhe suppres-
sion ofthe rebellion; and I maintain that in a time
like this we should occupy the few lemaining days
of the session m such legislation as is necessary
to maintain the country and preserve its insti-
tutions, and not enter upon ordinary legislation
which will answer as well next year as now. But
before I am called upon to vote for a bill incorpo-
rating a company for the express purpose, and
none other, of educating the negroes of the na-
tion, I maintain that it is the duty of those who
favor the measure to at least enlighten us, who
are unable, without infoimation, to ascot tain the
reasons why the Congress of the United States is
called upon,at an hour like this, to pass such a bill.
Mr. Piesident, the bill does more than this; it
authorizes the holding of $>100,000 worth of real
estate for this purpose. Now, sir, the policy of
most of the States of this Union has been, and I
j think heretofore it has been the policy of the Con-
; gross of the United States, to keep out of the
hands of corporations as much of the realty of the
country as possible. It is only to such corpora-
tions os are looked upon as indispensable in the
conduct of the affairs of the country that this
power to hold in perpetuity the domain of the
country is given. There has been heretofore a
jealousy of cieatmg corporations, even for laud-
able purposes. Why not leave to private enter-
prise, to the promptings of parental affection, the
power of educating the children ? Why shall the
Governmentundeitake tostep m between the par-
ent and the chtid, and provide the means of edu-
cating the child? Is it not calculated, by relieving
the parent of the duties which propeily belong to
him, to make him worthless and careless, and
neglectful of the cultivation of those duties which
nature has imposed upon him? But before we are
