1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that we should be seeking; for the most direct and
available moans to meet the unavoidable expendi-
tures for this emergency, rather than to be seek-
ing for principles of political economy upon which
our finances may be permanently established.
We have ail the men and the materials require®
for our defense, and for conducting the war to a
successful issue, which the Government must use,
even if it had to seize them for the public safety.
The question presented for us to determine is,
how the Gove!anient shall pay for them. They
are freely supplied, and wo are not likely soon to
incur the necessity of conscription or of seizures;
but,with the exception of about£>200,000,000 from
taxation, we have only the Government obliga-
tions to pay at some future period to give in pay-
ment for those supplies.
When this civil war was commenced, the cur-
rency of the country consisted practically of the I
notes of State banks redeemable in specie. After !
the suspension, those banks, organized as they
were under State laws entirely independent of the
control of the national Government, were not avail-
able for the revenues and disbui sements of the
Treasury. To establish a currency of coin, or of
paper redeemable in coin, at such a time, was
simply impossible; and no better plan was sug-
gested to meet the existing emergency than the
one Congress adopted at the last session, of fur-
nishing United States notes" of the various de-
nominations required to be used as cuirency, with
the provision for funding by making them con-
vertible into six per cent, bonds. 1 advocated this,
as I have bcfoi" stated, not as a system to be com
mended, excont temporarily for the emergency;
and in connection with it I advocated the national
system of nankins:, which will odd to the value of
the bonds by creating; a demand for them to be
pledged as security for the circulation, and will
furnish, when peace is restored, the necessai y ma-
chmei y to assuV 111 withdrawing and funding the
"United States notes" m cu dilation.
In reply to tin? question winch has been asked,
how the passage of this hank bill con aid the Gov-
ernment now / I answci that it will create confi-
dence by providtnga hettei and sounder system
than we have ever had before for the arrangement
of our ciin ency and of our finances; it will create
a class of mon.,-y institutions which will associate
the interest of capital with the welfare of the na-
tional Government, and can be made useful, os
fiscal agents, in the administration of the Treas-
ury Department. I considei these benefits of far
more nnpottance to the Treasury than the more
direct benefit of creating a permanent demand for
a large amount of the Government bonds. For
these reasons this bank hill has been urged upon
the attention of this Congress, at the last and at
the present session, by the head of the Treasury
Department,and it is the most important feature
of the system of finance which was adopted at the
last session of Congress. Without it, those meas-
ures were truly, as stated by those who opposed
them, a depaituie from all sound principles of
financial science, to embark upon the uncertain
ocean of uncontrolled paper curiency.
I have freely admitted the serious objections to
the issue of the legal tender notes by the Govern-
ment, except as a temporary measure to meet a
great emergency; and 1 leahze the evils which are
inherent in such a currency. In my judgment,
however, those evils bear no comparison to the
good that will have been pioduced it* they carry
us successfully through this war. As many who
were most strenuous m opposing their issue now
admit the entire success of the measure thus iar.
it seems to me it is but justice to the advocates of
the measuie to permit the system to be peifectcd
by adopting this bank bill, which is recommended
by the Secretary, and is claimed to be the most
important of the measures connected with that
system.
The substitute which I have offered for the bill
of the committee will provide the Treasury with
the means to pay all the demands for the public
service; and it provides also to the capitalists, the
bankers, and the people, the means to preventany
unnecessary depieciation of the currency growing
out of u redundancy of the notes issued by the
Treasut y Depaitment. 1 objected to the bill as
oi initially reported by the committee, because it
resTricted too much the action of the Secretary,
and because I considered some of its provisions
inexpedient.
The capitalists of the country, who have so much j
at stake, are called upon equally with those who j
are now giving their service and even their lives !
for the common defense, to rally in aid of the Gov-
ernment, and to submit to comparatively slight
sacrifices now, that they may secure and preserve
their property, at the same time thoy are securing
and preserving those inestimable privileges which
our fathers won for us by their courage, and which
we are called upon to preserve and bequeath to
the generations who are to come after us.
Mr. HORTON. It was not my intention to
trouble the committee with any icmnrks on the
bill of the Committee of Ways,and Means upon
the subject of finance. And 1 would not now ask
the attention of the committee, except for the sim-
ple reason that all that has been said in this dis-
cussion, or nearly all of it, has been connected
with a subject not before the committee—the sub-
ject of a national bank bill, a subject not legiti-
mately before us. And at the same time tluu the
attention of the committee has been asked to this
important subject, the actual subject before the
committee—the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means on finance—has been almost entirely
ignored. M y object in rising is to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the subject-matter before
it, in order that it may have that careful consid-
eration to which it is entitled from its great im-
portance.
It has been my habit, Mr. Chairman, while I
have been a member of this House, to avoid
troubling the House or the committee with speak-
ing, and 1 have never addressed the committee or
the House without confining myself to the subjoct-
matterin hand, and I do not now propose to make
an exception to my general rule. When the bank
bill comes before the committee I shall be ready
to vote on it silently, or vote upon it giving a
reason for my vote, as may seem proper when the
subject comes up.
I now ask the attention of the committee to the
bill of the Committee of Ways and Means on the
subject of finances,and to the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
and the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper } The bill and the two amendments
comprise what is now before the committee; and
I submit that it is a subject of sufficient importance
to be considered by itself. The Secretin y of the
Tretism y has told us in his annual icport that for
the remainder of the current fiscal year, and for the
next fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G4, he
will requne $900,000,000 more than are now pio-
vuled foi, or more than will accrue to the Treas-
ury from resources now existing. How to raise
that $900,000,000 is the question before the com-
mittee. Now, $900,000,000 is a very large sum
of money, and it will tax the wisest and most ex-
perienced of us to devise the best mode of accom-
plishing that great object with certainty. While
we undertake to do this, wc of course -have to
take into account the state of the country, with
all the lets and hinderances which now tend to dis-
courage us A year ago we changed the basis of
all the financial movements of the country, by
sti ikmg out the com a nd substituting the basis ot
credit." I do not propose to go over the arguments
which were presented then, i expressed my views
before tins House, and those views lemani un-
changed so far as the circumstances of the counti y,
as they then weie, arc concerned.
Wc are now to act under the changed condition
of things, and, as prudent men, to make lite best
of what we cannot now help. We have launched
our bark on this current of paper money, and
must ducct it as well as we can. The counti y has
abundant resources, and, if our measuresare ju-
diciously adapted to the end in view, I think we
shall succeed. We have provided by taxation
toi funds sufficient to suppoitthe Government in
time of peace, to pay the intm?sr of the public
debt, huge as that debt may he, during the next
fiscal year.
To lusse the ^900,000,000, we must use the credit
of the Federal Government. There is no other
iesoui'ce ftom which this vast amount of money
can be raised. It is a matter of credit, and if we
arc wise and prudent business men, we must pre-
sent the United States Government before the
financial world in the way that will best command
the money in payment for these secuutics which
it is proposed to have the Government offer.
Now, I propose, to take up these three measures,'
the bill of the Committee of Ways and Means*
the substitute of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia,and the substitute of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, separately, so that we can understand
them as we go along.
The bill of the Committee of Ways and Means
contemplates raising§900,000,000 in three modes.
The committee concur in the idea that if we could
borrow the money on the bonds of the United
States having a long time to run, paying only a
moderate interest, that would be the best mode.
H would not affect the currency of the country to
any very great extent disastrously. We have to
raise this money in a way that will not injure tho
business of the country; that will not innate the
circulating medium. We must try to accomplish
j the purpose in that mode that will subject the
country to the least possible amount of evil. We
must present the United States, too, in the very
best attitude that a borrower can be presented in
demanding such an immense sum of money at the
| hands of creditors. The bill of the Committee of
i Ways and Means proposes to raise the sum of
j $900,000,000 by borrowing it on stocks of the
United States beaimi? six per cent, interest, pay-
able semi-annually in coin, and having twenty
years to run. Every member of the House will
agree with me that if we could borrow the whole
amount on that kind of security, it would be the
best possible mode of getting the money, unless
we should borrow part of it on thirty years bonds
at a less rate of interest, and another part on forty
years bonds at a still less rate of interest. But
still the issue of twenty years bonds bearing six
per cent, interest,payable semi-annually in coiu,
i' is, consideringall the circumstances of the case, a
! very good mode of raising the money.
We are met, however, at the thieshold with the
statement that we cannot raise this amount of
money in this mode. It is stated that we must,
in ouicr to float this immense amount of credit,
add to the tide of inflation, thus filling the chan-
ii nels of circulation so that a part of this large
j! amountmay be funded. After consultation among
■i ourselves, and getting all the light we can upon
ij the subject from the experience and suggestions
11 of business men, wc come, us a committee, to this
conclusion: that in order to fund a large amount
of debt, it is inevitable that more currency must be
issued. This is a great evil, and to be avoided, it
possible. I confess, howevt r, that I am unable to
see any method of avoiding it, and at the same
time secure to the Treasury the necessary funds.
In other woids, a further increase of paper cur-
rency seems to be inevitable. It is apart, there-
foie, of the plan of the committee to authorize
§300,000,000 of the $900,000,000 to be raised on
short notes of the United States, called Treasury
notes, beui ing six per cent, interest, or about that,
I wish to explain, at this point in my remarks, a
difficulty which has arisen in the minds of the
Committee of Ways and Means as to the rate of
interest. One suggestion made, and made by a
great many veiy intelligent gentlemen, was that
for these short notes the United States should pay
only a low rate of interest. Another set ot gen-
tlemen say that you had better pay a high rate of
interest for short paper, and to pay a still lower
rate of interest for long paper. Three and sixty-
five hundredths per cent, is the minimum sug-
gested, and 5A71 per cent, obtains the suffrages of
a majority of financial men, whereas six pet cent.
p- r annum has been considered by men of great
experience as very convenient, and, on the whole,
the most desirable interest to pay,because it is a
i ate of interest that the whole people arc accus-
tomed to, they can calculate it very readily, and
it will a:ive general satisfaction. It has a tendency
which I wisli now to explain,and lask the atten-
tion of the commute e to that feature of the matter.
I have no question that we can get a large amount
of money at 3.Go per cent, inteiest. In the large
cities, the bankf< do not pay that interest now on
deposits, and a great deal of the money in the large
money cent"is could be brought into the Treasury
of the United States at a low rate of interest on
three years Treasury notes; but from all that we
can learn a larger rate of interest would draw a
j much larger amount into the Ireasury of the
United States, and would deprive the banks of a
\\ laige amount of deposits, and the savings bank*
ii also of ttlargoamountof then funds; and it is very
Si important to make this species of security produce
