1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
called upon to sanction this law, I trust some good
reason will be given why it is the business of the
State to educate the negroes of the country.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the very crude
notions entertained and expressed by the Senator
from Virginia in regard to education sufficiently
account to me for a great many things that have
hitherto been wholly inexplicable. It may be true
that in that section of the country where that Sen-
ator is most acquainted, the whole idea of educa-
tion proceeds from the fact that the person who
js to be educated is merely to be educated because
he is to exercise the elective franchise; but I thank
God that I was raised in a section of the country
where there are nobler and loftier sentiments en-
tertained in regard to education. We entertain
the opinion that all human beings are accountable
beings. We believe that every man should be
taught so-that he may be able to read the law by
which he is to be governed and under which he may
be punished. We believe that every accountable
being should be able to read the word of God, by
whicn he shall guide lus steps in this life and shall
be judged in the life to come. Wc believe that
education is necessary in order to elevate the hu-
man race. We believe that it is necessary in order
to keep our jails and our penitentiaries and our
alms-houses free from .inmates. In my section
of the country we do not educate any race upon
any such low and groveling ideas as those that
seem to be entertained by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. President, a few simple words, itscems to
me, will set this whole matter right in the mind
of every right-thinking man. Some humane per-
sons a few years ago raised a sum of money with
which they purchased a lot in this city, now esti-
mated to be of the value of ten or twelve thousand
dollars, the proceeds of which were proposed to
be appropriated exclusively to the education of
girls of the colored race and of the African de-
scent. That property is now held in the hands of
two trustees, who are, of course, liable to die, and
when they die it will cease to be held for the trust
for which they leceived it. The sole purpose of
this corporation, with which the Government is
in no way connected, in to allow these trustees to
transfer the property to some corporators to be
created under this act; that is nil. The Govern-
ment does not appropriate one dollar, not a cent.
The Government becomes in no manner respons-
ible for the management of the corporation. We
commit ourselves to nothing, except we say this
property may be held m perpetuity by certain
trustees, for the purpose of carrying out the ob-
jects that were sought to be accomplished by those
humane and patiiotic people who were willing to
devote $10,000 of their money for this purpose;
and we also say, if the Senate concurs in theumend-
ment which I have put in, that they may hold
real, personal, and mixed property to an amount
not exceeding $100,1300. I fixed that sum because
1 did not know any oilier sum to fix, and because
the Senator who introduced the bill had left that
blank. I do not care what sum is fixed, so that
it is adequate for the purpose which is sought to
be attained by the people who want to carry out
this trust in honesty. The purpose is to allow
the trust to be fulfilled, that these colored girls
may be educated as is proposed by these people,
and to allow this corporation to receive any other
gifts or bequests that any humane people in the
country may see fit to bestow.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me to
make an inquiry of him?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. CARLILE. Would a courtofequity allow
this trust to fail because of the death of the trust-
ees named ?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am not much of a lawyer,
and I do not know what a court of equity might
do; but I do not think it would be wise or proper
for Congress, merely for the sake of avoiding the
trouble of passing a bill, to force these parties into
a court of equity in which in this District a case
probably would not be decided in the next five
years, if the Senator cannot find any stronger
objection than that, I apprehend that the bill will
pass by a unanimous vote. The simple purpose
38 to allow these parties, who now hold the prop-
erty in trust for a specific purpose, to transfer it
to some other persons who will have perpetuity.
That ia a.11 there is in the bill. The Government
is in no way connected with it, for it or against it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think this subject might as well
be dropped, and let us enact some legislation for
the white people of this country. We have but
a very few days left, and a great many important
bills, bills of much interest, are upon our Calendar.
I am opposed to this bill being further considered.
Mr. President, I recollect a fact in relation to
the island of St. Lucia, one of the West India
islands. When it became one of the British pos-
sessions, a great many Irish who spoke the Gaelic
language migrated from the island of Erin to St.
Lucia. In the course of a few years they pos-
sessed themselves of African slaves, slaves from
the continent, and, in adhering to their Gaelic
language, the Africans whom they introduced,
and the young ones that were raised, of course,
learned to speak the Gaelic too. After a while
some of their kinsfolk, who had been left behind
in the mother country, visited the island of St.
Lucia, and they discovered all the negroes there
talking the real Gaelic, the genuine Irish, and
they wrote buck to their countrymen for God's
sake no more of them to como to St. Lucia, as
they loved St. Patrick not to come to St. Lucia, be-
cause all the Irish turned to be negroes there. I
really think, sir, that if the subject of negroes is
handled much longer in the Senate, there is very
great danger of some Senators meeting such a
fate as was feared by these visitors from Ireland
would happen to their countrymen. I therefore
move that this subject be laid aside, and that we
take up the bill to provide for taking testimony
in relation to claims against the Government for
damages done by the armies of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. The apposition to this bill
and the sentiments expressed in opposition to it
are so extraordinary that I feci impelled to say a
word in its defense.
Mr. DAVIS. Is my motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) It is.
Mr. MORRILL. The honorable Senator from
Virginia puts his opposition upon the ground of
a protest against public education. He expresses
astonishment that the Congress of theUnited States
should entertain a proposition for any measure
which tends to the education of the people—pop-
ular education. Why not, says the honorable
Senator, leave the matter of education to private
enterprise and individual munificence? Gracious
God, sir,luis*it como to this, thatm the American
Congress, and at this late day, an honorable Sen-
ator shall rise here and enter his protest against
a measure of public popular education ? Coming
from the region of country I do, I confess that it
excites wonder and astonishment in my mind.
Is there a civilized nation on the globe that has
not, within the last fifty years, turned its attention
to the subject of the education of the people, and
that has not embarked in it and made it a matter
of State concern, if you please the highest State
concern, not only as beneficial to the individuals,
the social compact, but to the secui ity of the State?
I should like to know what sort of American
statesmanship that is which enables a Senator
to rise here in his place and to arraign a measure
designed to educate the people; for that, allow mo
to say, was one of the positions taken by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and he prided himself appar-
ently on the iact that in the region of country
in which he was raised education was left to pri-
vate enterprise. 1-Jow well that great duty nas
been there performed, I care not to say; the his-
tory of the country knows. But, sii, I come from
a region of country the people of which prize
public education, who hold public education as a
great duty, the first great duty of the State, to be
religiously performed; and if New England can
boast of anything, it is her system of education,
her system of public instruction, which gives to
every child, no matter whether hois high or low-
born, a fair chance in life, a fair chance to suc-
ceed m the world. That is her glory; and to-day,
sir, amid the menaces, impotent as they arc, that
fall about New England, if there be anything
which will enable her to put them at defiance, it
will he her moral power on the continent by rea-
son of her system of public education.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. CARLILE. Has the Legislature of the
Senator's State incorporated companies for the
education of the colored children of the Stater
Mr. MORRILL. The legislation of my State
has adopted a system of education which enjoins it
upon the people of every town and city to educate
every child, without regard to color or complex-
ion. The negro, if you please, in that regard
stands on an equal footing with every other child
in the State, The law knows no complexion in its
duty of public education, and the system of public
education throughoutNew England knows no dis-
tinction whatever.
But, sir, this argument only raises the question
of public popular education in the country, and I
think it is too late in the day in the American Con-
gress to enter a dissent against any measure de-
signed to educate the people of this country. At
any rate, I think that question is so well under-
stood that it is hardly worth while to consume the
time of the Senate m arguing it.
Rut what struck me as a little peculiar in the
objection of the Senator from Virginia, and most
peculiar, was the sensitiveness displayed by that
honorable Senator on account of the fact that he
thought he saw disclosed in this measure that it
was a measure designed to educate the negro.
That, I take it, is the ground of his objection.
Well, sir, I say to that honorable Senator here,
that whether now or hereafter there is to be a
system of public education for the negro by the
United States Congress or by-rthe States, I trust
that from this time forth it will never occur in the
Congress of the United States that it is thought
proper or expedient to raise an objection against
private individuals educating the negro if they
choose to do so. In other words, I trust the time
has come, or is at length soon to come, when it
may be lawful, expedient, and proper to allow the
negro at least to be educated if he can, and that is
all this bill proposes. Congress does not under-
take to educate the negro by this bill. The bill
proposes simply to incorporate certain persons
who desire the privilege of expending their own
money, not taxing the people, expending their own
means, not asking Congress to appropriate money,
for the education of negroes.
Sir, I conclude by saying that the object is laud-
able and legitimate; there is no principle in the
way of it; and I trust there will be no hesitation
on the part of the Senate in allowing the bill to
pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to postpone the further consideration of this bill,
and proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
The motion '
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and read the
third time.
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 9; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
iamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Fossenden, Foot,Grimes,
Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana,
Latham, Morrill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Sunnvi, Ten
Evrk, Timnbitit, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson
r>{ Massachusetts—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile. Davis, Harding, Kennedy, Nes-
imth, Powell, Kaulsbuiy, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—9.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had disagreed to the
j amendments of the Senate to the bill of the Hotose
. (No. 226) to amend the act entitled "An act to
| establish a court for the investigation of claims
j against the United States," approved February
: 24, 1855, asked a conference on the disagreeing
; votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
1 pointed Mr. Albert G. Porter of Indiana, Mr.
, John* Hickman of Pennsylvania, and Mr. James
j C. Robinson of Illinois, managers at the same on
: its part.
j The message also announced that the House of
| Representatives had insisted upon its amendments
; to the bill of the Senate (No. 515) to authorize an
j increase in the number of major generals and
i brigadier generals of the forces in the service of
the United States, disagreed to by the Senate,
| agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
i the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
' and had appointed Mr. Edward McPhersov, of
