THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
as^itge an amount as possible to the Treasury, for
this reason, that although it has some of the char-
acteristics of currency, it will be laid aside out of
the channels of circulation, and will be, in fact,
for the three years that it is proposed to have it
run, outside the general channels of circulation,
and thus will not inflate the currency. This is a
very desirable object. In order to induce the putting
of funds into this description of securities, it is pro-
posed to make the interest either 5.47| or six per
cent, annually. It is believed by a great many that
the sum fixed, §300,000,000 of this description of
securities, is not enough, and that §400,000,000
of the $900,000,000 could thus be raised. I am not
sure, myself, but that this sum ought to be raised
to §400,000,000. It will aid the Government and
enable the people to put their surplus money into
such a shape that it will be earning something for
them, and it does not inflate the currency to any
great extent. It has also this advantage to the
holder, that while in general it will not be cur-
rency, it can on occasion be easily converted into
currency, and thus accomplish a double purpose,
much to the benefit of the people.
The committee will see that the holder can con-
vert it into legal tender notes by the terms of the
bill, so that he has the option of making it an in-
vestment, or of using it as currency whenever it
may be necessary. This is the second mode of
the Committee of Ways and Means toward raising
the sum of $900,000,000. They provide also for
$300,000,000 of legal tender notes, paying no in-
terest,Outgoing into circulation,and inflating the
currency of the country, increasing prices, and
doing the very things winch are deprecated, but
which we cannot avoid.as things now are. Cir-
cumstances may change, and we may have glori-
ous victories. God grant that that consumma-
tion may be attained. If so, our credit will be
increased^ But while we are doing as we now are,
hoping almost against hope that something will
be done when something is not done, we must
take things as they are, and do the best we can. It
is proposed, then, rhat theie shall he $300,000,000
of legal tender notes, £300,000,000 of Treasury
notes hearing interest, and #300,000,OOOof funded
debt in twenty years bonds, beating interest of
six per cent., payable semi-annually m coin. In
this way the committee think the Secretary of the
Treasury can raise the money as fast as lie needs
it, and that there need be no delay m paying any
of the public creditors. That ii> substantially the
bill of the committee.
It is proposed to make some modifications, so
that the Secretary will be able to sell the twenty
years bonds, if he cannot sell them at par, on such
terms as he thinks advantageous to the public in-
terest. The convoitihilify clause of the act of
February, I8&>, is not included m the present
plan.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
dispose of the bonds on the best terms he can, and
to take pay then-fin- in certificates of indebtedness
or in legal tender notes, or lawful money of the
United States. So far as the Committee of Ways
and Means knew how, if has made this bill as
workable as it is practicable; and 1 think I may take
the responsibility of saying that any suggestions
promising to render it moie easy of being carried
into effect, can easily he passed upon either here
or in the House or by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
But there aie other provisions in the bill re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
1 here is a section in it which taxes the surplus cir-
culation of the local banks over a certain propor-
tion of their capital. I will illustrate the provis-
ion in this way: Suppose a country bank has a
capital of $100,000, and a circulation of *$120,000.
By this bill we tax the surplus circulation over
$80,000 at two percent, per annum, payable half-
yearly, so as to restiict the circulation of the
banks and prevent the great evil apprehended on
all hands., namely, that as we inflate the currency
of the United States, the local banks, making ;
these legal tender notes the basis of issue, will j
also increase their circulation, and thereby double !
the inflation. We think that by this system of !
taxation we prevent an exee.sstvo circulation. ;
While we xlo that, we have avoided, or at least j
intended to avoid, anything like an antagonistic i
spirit towards the local banking institutions. We j
have thought it not very v/ise to get up a contro- i
vsrsy between the Government and the local i
banking institutions. The idea in our provision
for taxation has been, not to injure these banks,
but simply to prevent their excessive issue of
notes—in my view a very legitimate and very
proper purpose.
We have also provided, in the bill reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, for the issue
of fractional currency in place of the present post-
age currency, under the control of the Secretary
of the Treasury, so that the postal currency may
be retired and fractional currency, under the con-
trol of the Secretary of the Treasury, substituted
for it; and we have provided a mode of redeem-
ing that fractional currency. A reference to the
bill will show these provisions,and I will say here
that amendments will be offered, at the proper
time, by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to carry out more perfectly the ideas and sugges-
tions that we have acquired from experienced men
and from our own examination and reflection.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to trespass on
the attention of the committee, but I will ask it to
have a little patience while I refer to the amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute, offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. It substan-
tially accomplishes the same purpose in the same
mode, with this difference, that the bill of the com-
mittee retains an attachment, or connection, con-
stantly with coin, by the provision for paying the
interest in coin, and for receiving the imposts in
coin, while the amendment docs not. We keep up
the idea, in all sincerity and truth, that the United
States Government does not sepaiate itself or in-
tend to separate itself from the true basis, which
the Democrats used to call the constitutional cur-
rency, gold and silver. We therefore provide
that the interest shall be paid in coin, and that
the imposts shall be paid in coin, as! a fund out
of which to pay the interest on the public debt.
We estimate and believe that the receipts from
imposts will sccuie to the Treasury a sufficient
amount of coin to pay the interest on the public
debt in coin, from this time until the close of the
fiscal year 1864. What may happen after that,
whether the war will continue beyond that, or
whether we shall have peace in half the time, we
cannot tell.
But the object of the committee has been to pro-
vide the ways and means for the support of the
Government for the present fiscal year and for the
next fiscal year; and the plan which we have pre-
sented to the House we think accomplishes that
purpose. The amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania changes the basis on
which we act, so far as this, that it proposes to
pay the interest in paper, thus cutting loose from
the standard of coin. We think, Mr. Chairman,
that this will not add to the credit of the United
States, and that it is not sound policy. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will, no doubt, with his
accustomed ability, present his views and make a
strong impression, because he never takes a po-
sition that he does not maintain with vigor and
power.
Mr. STEVENS. It would be fair, I suppose,
to state that my amendment proposes to pay for
these bonds at the end of ten years in coin, but
to pay the interest in currency; while the bill of
the Committee of Ways and Means proposes to
redeem the bonds in currency.
Mr. HORTON. 1 cannot state what the gen-
tleman asks me to state, because, according to my
view, it is not correct. The bill of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means does not contemplate
paying in paper.
Air. S I'EVENS, Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HORTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Are not the bonds payable
"in lawful money," whatever that is?
Mr. HORTON. No, sir.
Air. STEVENS. Then the Committee of Ways
and Means and I do not agree as to its meaning.
Mr. HORTON. I speak only for myself, and
I appeals the bill. The 'policy of the bill is to
pay the interest in coin, and to collect the imposts
in coin, and to redeem the bonds in twenty years
in coin. We hold out the idea that we shall get
back to the true basisassoon as we possibly can,
and we cling to every rope that will aid us in get- ,,
ting back. It is true, as the gentleman from Penn- j|
sylvania suggests, that his amendment contem- !|
plates that we shall commence paying the debt \\
itself in coin, at the end of ten years, and so on,
until we pay it all up. But I suggest, Mr. Chair-
man, that if you begin by paying the interest in
paper, the necessary consequence of that policy
will be to swell the paper currency until you can-
not pay it in coin. I say that the policy of the
gentleman's amendment—though I do not think
that such is his intention—looks to never paying
the principal of the debt.
There is another feature of the gentleman's
amendment, which is to repeal the law of the last
session authorizing thefundmgof all the legal ten-
der notes in five-twenty bonds, as they are called.
The bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means does not contemplate meddling with that.
Why? Simply because when we passed that law
we said substantially to every holder of a certain
amount of legal tender notes that he may, when-
ever lie holds that amount, have the opportunity
of fundingit or not; and we believe that it is sound
policy not to seem to disregard any promises that
we made, express or implied. It is true that the
measure of the gentleman from Pennsylvania car-
ries out the idea to pay in coin for all that has
been funded; but we think it better to leave the
law untouched, so that no man shall have the
shadow of a right to complain that we have not
acted in perfectly good faith.
Mr. Chairman, i will now call the attention of
the committee for a few moments to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hooper.} With the exception of the
first section, if 1 am right, there is nothing m that
amendment which is not substantially in the bill
of the Committee of Ways and Means. If any
member will read carefully the first section of the
amendment, he will find that there is something
veiy remarkable in it. I did not hear the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, in the elaborate speech
which he made, explain why it is necessary to give
the Secretary of the Treasury the power to issue
£900,000,000 of legal tender notes. Nor did I hear
him give any reason for the necessity of giving
the Secretary of the Treasury power to is?ue, m
case he shall think proper, $900,000,000 of intei est-
bearingTreasury notes, having three years to run.
If, in his first section, he#iad confined himself to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to fund
$900,000,000 in United States stocks, running
twenty years, at six per cent, interest, payable
semi-annually in coin, I should have found only
one difficulty m the matter. Although I would
rejoice, if it were possible, and join him with all
my heart, if practicable, still I feel that the money
could not be raised. He gives the Secictary of
the Treasury the entire discretion to judge v, bother
he can raise the money in this way; and if not, to
raise it in either of two other ways. One i* by the
issue of the whole or any part of the $900,000,000
in interest-bearing Treasury notes. The other is
to, issue the whole, or any part of it, m legal tender
notes.
Mr. Chairman, I would intrust as much discre-
tionary power to the present Secretaiy of the
Treasury as I would to any Secretary of the
Treasury; but I havo yet to learn that it is wise
legislation to give the Secretary of the Treasury
unlimited discretion over the currency of the Uni-
ted States. His patnotism, his loyalty, hisfman-
cial skill, may be as great as his most ardent friends
claim. I would not lessen the estimation in which
he is held; but [ would give that discretion to no
man living.
Mr. Chairman, let me say that I am a little sur-
prised at the introduction of such an amendment.
And let me say further, that I shall bo still moic
surprised if this committee shall eitteitam such a
proposition for one moment—^900,000,000 legal
tender notes ! When that amount has been issued
you may say and do what you pleisc about na-
tional banks, or anything else.
I submit, then, to this committee that the lull of
the Committee ofWays and Means provides m as
judicious a mode as, under the circumstances,
you con expect, the mode to raise $900,000,000.
There may be suggestions which ought to be of-
fered in matters of detail, [f there are, I hope
they will be proposed: and I may assure whoever
may have such a pioposition in good faith to
make, that it will be entertained in the most can-
did spirit; for the committee has no other pur-
pose and no ppt opinions of their own in the mat-
ter. They simply wish to put into the hands of the
Secretary of [lie Treasury all the power that is
