1S28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
the privilege of laying a railroad track by the side
of the Long* Bridge, thus endangering the travel
between tins Distri&f and the State of Virginia.
Besides, there is no umit whatever as to the dura-
tion of this act or its expiration. It may by said ]
that 31Is under the control of Congress, that Con- i
gress may repeal this act whenever thje'y choose;
but our experience in legislation proves that when
a strong company get a charter for the construc-
tion of a railroad or a canal it is a very difficult
matter for anybody to come before both Houses of
Congress to get a repeal of that charter privilege.
Again, the bill proposes no limitation as to the !
price orcharge for the transportation of passengers i
or of goods. Under all these circumstances, I
must oppose respectfully the passage of this bill, !
as being one entirely different from what would
appear on the face of it, and conferring privileges
on a coiporation which we are not familiar with,
and to a much greater extent than any one would
dream of.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the further consideration of this and all
other questions, to take up the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill for enrolling
etnd calling out the national forces. It comes back
with amendments, and itis very important to con-
sider them.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator will allow
us to take a vote on this bill. The bill has been
once before considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. *
Mr. MORRILL. This bill has been once be-
fore the Senate and has passed to a third reading.
It lias been considered by the Senate) und I can-
not think it will now occupy much time. I there-
fore trust the Senator will allow us to conclude jt
now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If a vote
could be taken immediately or within a short time
I should be willing certainly to give way; but 1
think we ought not to spend the precious hours
of this session on a bill of so little importance.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will withdraw
his motion, I shall not consume more than five
minutes in reply to the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Maine will
allow me, before he goes on with his remarks, I
wish to propose an amendment. It. is to add at
the end of the third section the following:
Provided, however, That the rights ami privileges herein
granted shall eoufei no autUont> or right to inteiteie with
the United lutes militaiy tw: oi possesion of the. said
road or contemplated exton-mm during the present icbel-
lion, or to any claim ior damages or reclamations therefor.
Mr. MORRILL. Only a word or two in reply
to the Senator from New Jersey who raises some
objection to this bill.
In the first place, Mr. President, before* noti-
cing his objections, allow mo to say that the bill
contemplates a public improvement which is now
really in existence, and that without law, except
under the authority of the war power of the Gov-
ernment. It does not propose a new enterprise.
It is one, according to the Senator's own .-state-
ment, which has been long contemplated, and one
which it has really been found necessary to put
into practice without an enactment of Congress,
and the road is now ^practically extended and is
running every day. This statement is all I de-
sire to say in regaid to its practicability, its feasi-
bility,and the public necessity for it. These are
the public grounds on which the charter proceeds.
Now for the objections.
The first objection taken is that the honorable
Senator does not undeiatand what the charter of
the Aiexandna and Washington railroad is. It
is a charter granted by the State of Virgmia. The
road extends from Alexandria to the south side
of the Potomac river. The Senator thinks it is
very important, before Congress should grant any
additional priwleges to this company, that they
should understand the charter. I have the char-
ter in my hand. It is a charter in the usual form,
under the general law of Virginia, granting the
rights to this corporation winch are given to rail-
road corporations in that State. It has no pecu-
liar or exclusive privileges under that charter.
But a better and a further answer is this: this
bill docs not confer on the company the right to
exercise the privileges and the rights within the
limits of the State which arc conferred by that
charter. It is limited; and if the honorable Sen-
ator will look at the first section, he will see that
while the language is that the same rights and
privileges conferred upon similar corporations are
conferred upon this, they are only conferred for
the purposes of this act, which are simply the
extension of the road. Therefore, all the rights
which are conferred upon the corporation gener-
ally, except so far as they relate to the particular
act of extending this road, are not confened by
this act. It is a limited power.
Another objection raised by the honorable Sen-
ator is, that lie does not know who the owners of
this corporation are, and he queries that possibly
they are disloyal. I do not think that is the pre-
sumption of law. I think the presumption of law
is that the corporators are loyal; and the commit-
tee, as a matter of fact, have ascertained to their
satisfaction that no portion of this road is owned
by any man who is not thoroughly loyal. On the
other hand, 1 will adduce to the honorable Sen-
ator a fact which goes far to repel any inference
of th'at soit. He will find that the transactions
of this company are confided to a board of direct-
ors. I have the names of those directors here;
and I am assured by those who know them well
that they are all true and loyal men. I will read
their names: Alexander Hay, Joseph Fontaine,
Horace H. Day, Silas Seymour, and Joseph B.
Stewart. The principal owner in the road, I am
told, is Alexander Hay, who is not only a loyal
man, but a resident of a loyal State-, so that I trust
the fears or apprehensions of the Senator from
New Jersey will be regarded by himself, on re-
flection, as groundless.
The next objection raised by the honorable
Senator is to the course of the load. Well, sir,
die course of the road is not to be changed. The
com se of the road under tins bill is to be precisely
the course of the road now. The same streets
are to be tuiversed by the road contemplated by
this bill that are traversed now; and the grades
of the streets are not to be interfered with at all;
so that it is simply authorizing by act of Congress
what is done every day, in truth, before you.
The honorable Senator suggests that vet y pos-
sibly the streets may be incommoded by the struc-
tuie of this road. The committee who reported
this bill provided against all such contingencies;
and it will be found that the manner of construct-
ing it and the mode of running it are not only
under the supervision of Congress, but this com-
pany are not permitted even to use steam without
first obtaining the consent of Congress; and m ad-
dition to that, Congress has expressly leserved to
itseif the right t<> alter, amend, or repeal this act
whenever, in their judgment, it shall be deemed
necessary.
I do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-
ate; hut 1 will simply repeat this proposition: in
the first place, that it is a matter of public neces-
sity is proved by the fact that without law, with-
out act of Congress, by the executive department
of the Government or under the military author-
ity of the Government, it has been found neces-
sary to construct this road. I think that is a full
answer to the objection of the Senator that there
is no public necessity for the road. I trust, there-
fore, that the Senate will entertain the proposition,
and will pass the bill.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not mean to prolong
this discussion. 1 did not say there would not be
a propriety in allowing a railroad to be built so as
to connect the terminus of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and the railroads m Vugtnia, but, among
other things, I took exception to the proposed lo-
cation of this road. It is proposed to run it di-
rectly in front of the Capitol grounds, by the Cap-
itol gate, through a nairow stieet, where the lives
and safety of the public will be greatly endan-
gered, and their business incommoded and inter-
rupted in their passage to and from the Capitol of
the nation. As regards the necessity of the road,
it by no means follows if the road is necessaiy
thai it must run just in this identical place, where
the Government, under the war power, during the
existence of war and th^ necessity for the trans-
portation of munitions of war, has seen fit to build
a road designed to be temporary, no doubt, and
not permanent. The very nature of the construc-
tion and the circumstances under which it was
built show that it was simply a temporary meas-
ure to enable the Government to transport its
munitions of war, supplies, &c.,from the station
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad down to this
steamboat landing. 1 believe no railroad was found
to be indispensably necessary prior to the break-
ing out of this war across and immediately through
the heart of this city. It by no means follows that
because the Go vernment have, by the strong hand,
constructed a temporal y road which now incom-
modes the people, and the representatives of the
people, that therefore a railroad is to be built, or a
second one is to be built, on the same location; for
I am not aware that private individuals would be
authorized to use the track of the road of the Gov-
ernment, and it by no means follows that it is a
necessity on the part of the public that such a road
should be built m that particular place. On the
contrary, I think it would be detrimental.
Now, in relation to the allegation of disloyalty
on the part of the diiectors, I wish to say, in or-
der that [ may not be misunderstood, that 1 ex-
pressed no opinion on that subject, for I had no
knowledge of a single director in the company. I
only stated that I desired to be informed on that
point, as well as on many others, as to how the
state of the case was. If this railroad charter is
owned by true and loyal men, I am gratified to
find that such is the case. I am agreeably disap-
pointed in the anticipation that I entertained of the
situation of affairs, knowing the location of the
road and to whom it had formerly belonged in
yodi s past.
Mr. President, 1 have no feeling on this subject
one way or the other. With the exception of one
individual who spoke to me the other day after
the objection I made to the passage of the bill,
I do not know a single individual interested m it,
either for or against it. Upon hastily glancing
over the bill, it seemed to me to confer very ex-
traordinary powers and privileges upon a State
charier m the constt notion of a railroad in a par-
ticular place which would be very much injured
by it; and I thought it was sufficient to justify the
calling of the attention of the Senate to it. That
was my motive, and my sole motive; and having
done that, after offering an amendment to the bill,
1 shall suffer the vote to be taken without further
objection
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment pending on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand this bill is to be further debated; and there-
fore I move to postpone this and all other orders,
and that the Senate take up the act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to appeal to him, 1 will ask
him not to press his motion for a short time. I
am confident that m fifteen or twenty minutes
longer this bill can bo disposed of.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand there ate Senatois strongly opposed to it,
and who will feel it their duty to discuss the mat-
ter thoroughly, and therefore I hope my motion
will prevail
Mr. MORRILL. If the bill is postpfcned now,
it will go by for the session, of course;and there-
fore I shall regard this as a test question of the dis-
position of the Senate to considei the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I merely desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate to wheie we stand We are
now within fout days of the end of the session.
Here is the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs desiring to call up the bill to organize
the national forces of the country to put down the
rebellion; and the Senator from Maine with this
little twopenny railroad bill interposes an objec-
tion, and spends the time of the Senate on that
bill. We ought to go to the great national ques-
tions, and I hope we shall do so at once, and let
the raihoad perish, if it must be, that the country
may be saved.
Mr. RICHA RDSON. If the Senator had with-
held his remarks, I think we could have taken a
vote m the time which his speech lias consumed.
I shall not imitate his example We are ready
to vote now.
Mr. CLARK. I propose to discuss this rail*
road question if it is to go on. If the Senate choose
to consider it, I propose to discuss it.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think that is quite
m harmony with the rebuke the honorable Sen-
ator thinks it worth while to administer to me.
