1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S31
or purchased,arc to be entitled,after the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, to the proceeds of such prop-
erty, less the expense of purchase, transportation,
and sale thereof, upon due proof of his or their
loyalty to the Government of the United Suites at
the time of purchase, and continued loyalty to and
nt the time of claiming the proceeds.
All property coming within the lines of the Uni-
ted States from within the insurrectionary dis-
tricts through or by any other person or persons,
agent or agents, than the agent or agents duly ap-
pointed under the provisions of this act, is to be
seized by such agent or agents, and with the pro-
ceeds thereof to bo confiscated to the use of the
Government of the United States. The proceed-
ings for the condemnation and sale of any such
property*are to be instituted and conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury in
the mode prescribed by the eighty-ninth and nine-
tieth sections of the act of March 2,1799, entitled
"An act to regulate the collection of duties on im-
ports and tonnage;" and the forfeitures accruing
under this act may be mitigated or remitted in the
mode prescribed by the act of March 3, 1797, or
in such manner, in special cases,as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Commerce with various amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was in section one,
line five, after the word "agents," to insert the
woids " receive and,"-and in line six, after the
word 4< abandoned," to insert the words "or cap-
tured;" so that it will read:
That it ?hall bu lawful fortiie Secretary of the Treasury,
from and after the palace of tins act, as he shall from time
to tune see fit, to appoint a special agent to leeeive and col-
lect ail abandoned or c<iptuicd propettj iu any State, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section two, line three, after the word "pur-
chase," to insert the words "in said insurrec-
tionary States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
four, in the following words:
Si:c. 4. Jhul be it further enacted. That all such goods or
propeity collected or pinchased by such agent or agents
shall be forw.trded to the city of New York, and to such
other places .us die Secretary of the Tteasurv may direct,
wbeie it -.hill he sold at public sale to the highest bidder,
and the pioceeds of Mich sale shall he paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States; but any paitofsuch proceeds
may be u<cd iu further purchases under thi-s act, and any
abandoned and collected pioperty may be sold or apptopri-
ated to public u^'s where found, or elsewheie, as the pub-
he interests, may sequire.
And to insert m lieu thereof:
Srr. 4. Jind be it further cnactal, That any part of the
poods oi property received, collected, or purchased by such
agent or agents may be appropriated to public use On due
appraisement and certificate thereof, or sold within said
States declared in ln^unection, or loi warded to any other
place of i-ale, as the public interests may require; and all
sales of such piopertv shall be at auction, to the highest bid-
der, and the proceeds thereof shall be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States; and such portion of the proceeds
of said sales as shall he needed tor the purpose may be used
in any purchases herein provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section five, line ten, after the word " thereof," to
strike out the following words:
And the party or parties ftom whom such property was
received or purchased, shall be entitled, after the suppres-
sion ot the icbellion, to the proceeds of such propeity, less
the expense of purchase, ttansportation, and sale thereof,
upon due proof of his or their loyalty to the Government of
the United States at the time of the purchase, and contin-
ued loyalty to and at the tune of claiming said pioceeds.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Ami any per-on claiming to have been the owner of any
such abandoned oi purchased property may at any time
within two years aftei the suppression of the rebellion re-
fer his claim to the proceeds thereof m the Uourt of Claim*,
and on ptoof to tiie satisfaction of said couit of hh owner-
ship of said property, ot his right to the proceed-, thereof,
and of hi? continued loyalty to the Government of the Uni-
ted States Aom the tune ol the receipt or purchase of said
pioperty, to lecetve the io<ulue of.-tieh pioceod-* after the
deduction of any purchase money which may have been
paid, together with the expense of purchase, transporta-
tion, and sale of said pioperty, and any other lawful ex-
penses attending the disposition thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out section six, in the following words:
Sec. 6. ^nd be it further enacted, That all property com-
ing within the lines of the United States from within the
aforesaid insurrectionary districts through or by an> other
person or peisons, agent or agents,than thr agent or agent 
duly appointed under the provisions of thi-a act, shall be
seized by such agent or agents, and with the proceeds
thereof shall be confiscated to the use of the Government
of the United States. And the pioceedmgsfor the condem-
nation and «ale of any such property shall be instituted and
conducted undei the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury m the mode prescribed by the eighty-ninth and nine
tieth sections of the act of March 2, 1799, entitled " An act
to regulate the collection ofdutieson imports and tonnage
and the forfeitures accruing under this act may be miti-
gated or lemitted in the mode piescribed by the act of
March 3, I'^T, or in such manner, in special cases, as the
Sccretaiy of the Tieasury may prescribe.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec 6. Andhe it further enacted, Thatal! property coming
into any of the United States notdeclared in insurrection, as
afoie-aid, fiom within any of the States declared in insur-
rection, tlnough or by any other person than any agentduly
appointed undo the piovistons of this act. or under a lawful
cleat ance by the proper officer of the Treasuiy Department,
shall be confiscated to the use of the Government of the
United Slates. And the proceedings for the condemnation
and sale of any such pioperty shall be instituted and con-
ducted under theduection of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in the mode piescribed bv the eighty-ninth and ninetieth
sections of the act of March 2, 1799, entitled "An act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports and tonnage."
And any agent or auents, person or persons, by or tlnough
whom such piopeity «hall come withm the "lines of the
United Statesunlawfullyasaforosaid,shall be judged guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined
In any sum not exceeding one thousand dollar*., or im-
prisoned lor any tune not exceeding oue year, or both, at the
discietion of the court. And the fines, penalties, and for-
f'eiiuies accruing under this act may be mitigated or remitted
in the mode prescribed by the act ofMarch 3,1797, or in such
manner, in special cases, as the Secretary of the Treasury
may presciibe.
The amendment was agreed to,
The next amendment of the committee was to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 7. Jlndheit further enacted, That the fifth section of
the "Act to further ptovide lot the collection of the revenue
upon the northern, northeastern, and northwestern fron-
tier, and for other purposes," approved July 14,1862, shall
be so construed as to allow the temporary officers which
have been or may be appointed at ports which haye been or
may be opened or established in States declared to be in
insurrection by the proclamation of the President on the
1st ol July, 13C2, the same compensation which, by law, is
allowed to peimanent officers of the same position, or the
ordmai v compensation of special agents, as the Secretary
of the Treasury may determine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported from the committee having been
acted upon, the bili is now open to furtheramend-
ment.
3\lr. GRIMES. I beg to inquire of the Senator
who has this bill in charge whether he proposes
to have any limit on the number of these agents,
the compensation they are to receive, the length
of time the offices are to endure, and whether it
is the intention that they shall be appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury in place of being
appointed bjLthe President of the United States?
Mr, CHANDLER. It is intended that they
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. One of the main objects of this bill is to
take the control of this propeity out of the hands
of the quartermasters, and place it in the hands
of special agents of the Treasury Department. Of
course you cannot place a limit upon it, because
it is uncertain how many you will require.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill as it now stands, ac-
cording to the first section, provides that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, from and after the passage
of this act, shall have power to appoint agents to
receive and collect all abandoned or captured prop-
erty in any State or Territory in the United States
in insurrection against the Government, and dis-
pose of the same as the Secretary may direct. I
call attention to those words, " to dispose of the
same."
Mr. CHANDLER. This thing is now being
done under the direction of the Secretary of War;
and the Secretary of War desires to get it off his
hands, as it is demoralizing his commissaries and-
other officers; and the object of the bill is to take
it out of his hands.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not any doubt about
that; but I want to be certain that it is nor going
to demoralize the Treasury just as much as it is
now demoralizing the Army. We give most un-
limited power to these agents to dispose of this
property. How? At public sale? No.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. The Senator
has not been paying attention to the reading of the
bill. The bill expressly provides that every thing
shall be sold at public auction.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senate has struck out the j
fourth section containing that picvision. i
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will finclthe
same woids in the new section.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be found, on <?bserva*
tion, that the succeeding sections after the fest
relate to a different species of property acquired^
in a different way, and not to this that has been
abandoned; and even if they do, if there are
provisions in the bill other than those in the first
section, I should like to know how he will con-
strue those provisions with the clause in the first
section, which expressly declares that they shall
be disposed of as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall direct. Is he going to construe the law like'
a deed or like a will ? Is the last section to be that
which shall control, or shall it be the first; or is
the thing to be left open to the construction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, or of the courts? fs
it not better to provide in the first instance the pre-
cise way in which this property shall be disposed
of, and to strike out this part of the first section
which declares that it shall be disposed of accord-
ing to the will and direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury r
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator makes that
motion, I have no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to amend the bill, in
section one, by striking out afterthe words "sixty-
two," the words " and dispose of the same as the
said Secretary shall direct."
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is to be done with
it? I should like to know of the Senator from
Michigan if they are to take possession of and
receive and collect all abandoned and captured
property in any State or Territory, and they are
not to dispose of it, what are they to do with it?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will turn
to the fourth section he will find that it is there
provided what shall be done with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is provision for
that, I want to ask another question. I want to
ask the Military Committee how we are to get
alon^; with a bill of this kind, which authorizes
the Treasury Department to appoint agents to
take possession of all captured property. Sup-
pose, as we all hope, that to-morrow or next day
Charleston should be captured, is an agentofthe
Treasury Department to go down and take pos-
session of Fort Sumter and the cannon that we
capture there? Suppose we capture the Alabama,
is an agent of the Treasury Department to take
possession of all captured property? Suppose
that wc capture a thousand stand of arms, is an
agent of the Treasury Department to take posses-
sion of all captured property and dispose of it*
Is that what is meant? Certainly that cannotbe
the intention. It surely cannot be the design of
the bill to give any such authority as that to the
agents of the Treasury Department. Of necessity,
the Army which is operating in the field must
take possession of captured property and appro-
priate it to its own use, to a great extent.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will give me his attention for a moment I
will read the first clause of the fourth section,
which regulates the whole of that matter: " that
any part of the goods or property received, col-
lected, or purchased, by such agent or agents,
may be appropriated to public use on due ap-
praisement and certificate thereof." The bill is
very carefully guarded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not relieve it.
Take the ease I put: we capture a thousand stand
of arms of the enemy or twenty cannon. Is the
Treasury Department agent to come along and
appraise them beforctheyaretobeappropriated to
the public use ? The Treasury Department should
have nothing to do with them. I suggest to my
friend from Michigan that he ought to except from
the bill munitions of war which are captured by
the Army.
Mr. CHANDLER. Put in an exception of
munitions of war.
Mr. FOSTER. Provisions and forage might
be just as necessary to the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not examined the
bill sufficiently to be able to suggest such amend-
ments as it seems fo me would relieve it of these
difficulties; but it occurs to me that as it is it would
be injudicious to adopt it, because as the bill now
reads all this captured property would be taken
possession of by the agents of the Treasury De-
partment. That can tint be intended. lam not
sure that it would be sufficient to except munitions
of war, or forage, as suggested by the Senator
