1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and without adequate provision for the raising of moncv by
loans, and for funding the issues so as to keep then) within
due limits, mufct s-oon produce disa&tious consequences.
And this matter appears to me so important thatl feci bound
to avail myself of this occasion to ask the special attention
of (Jongiess to it.
That Oongrec-s has power to regulate the currcnoy of the
country can hardly admit of a doubt; and that a judicious
measure to prevent the deterioration of this currency by a
reasonable taxation of hank circulation, or otherwise, is
needed, seems equally clear Independently of this gen-
eral consideration, it would be unjust to the people at large
to exempt banks, enjoying the special privilege of circula-
tion, from their just proportion of the public burdens.
In order to raise money by way of loans most easily and
cheaply, it is eleaily necessary to give eveiy possible sup-
port to the public credit. To that end <i uniform currency,
in which taxes, subscriptions to loans, and all ofhet ordi-
nary public dues, as well as ali private dues may be paid,
is almost, if not quite, indispensable. Such a currency can
be furnished by banking associations, organized under a
genei al art of Congress, as suggested in my message at the
beginning of the presentation. The secunng of this cir-
culation, by the pledge of United State* bond", as therein
suggested, would still further facilitate loans by increasing
the present and causing a future demand foi such bonds.
In view of the actual financial embarrassments of the
Government, and of the greater cmbaria-.famonts sure to
come, if tlif neeessaiy means of relief be not afl'oided,! feel
that I should not pcrfoim iny duty by a simple announce-
ment of my approval of the joint resolution, which proposes
relief only by increasing ciiculatitfn, without expressing my
earnest desire that measures, such in substance as those I
have just referred to, may icceive the early sanction of
Congress.
By such measures, in my opinion, will payment be ino^t
certainly secured, not only to the Army and Navy, but to
all honest creditors of the Government, and satisfactory
provision made for future demands on the Tieasury
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
January 17, 1863.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that it be printed
and referred to a select committee of five members
of the House and four of the Senate; and on that
motion he demanded the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, moved that
it be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the
motion was not in order during the pendency of
the previous question.
Oil seconding the call for the previous question,
there were—ayes 20, noes 59; no quorum voting.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(at four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 20, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday svas read and approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Wil-
mot to fill the vacancy in the Committee on Na-
val A flairs occasioned by the retirement of Mr.
Field
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution ofthe
Senate ofthe 19th December, information in rela-
tion to the publication of the Navy Register.
Mr. HALE. Let itbc referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. Are you not going to do some-
thing about it?
Mr. HALE. Let it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, commu-
nicating, m compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 16th instant, information in relation
to instructions to deputy postmasters relative to
restoring certain newspapers to the privilege of
the mails, and relative to the law by which cer-
tain papers are excluded from the mails; which
was, on motion of Mr. Trumbull, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordeied to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL I present the petition of
L. A. Schofield and < thers, merchantsand traders
of New York, praying for the enactment of a bank-
rupt law. As that subject is now pending in the
Senate, I move that the petition lie on the table.
It was so ordered. _ , ,
Mr. SUMNEIt presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, praying Congress to take such
action during this session as shall secure to the
regular and volunteer Army a reliable and per-
manent camp hospital and ambulance corps; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Missouri,
praying for an appropriation for the relief of the
loyal militia of that State, and that all funds
arising from tho enforcement of the confiscation
act of Congress in that State may be placed at the
disposal of the State, to be used in paying dam-
ages done to loyal persons by the rebels; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate the papers in
the case of John Carter, asking for a pension.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will inquire if there has
been an adverse report made on the claim?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There has been an
adverse report made on the claim, but I find that
the rule does not embrace a case of this sort.
We are permitted to withdraw papers unless we
propose to recommit them to another committee,
which I do not propose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The order will
be made.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was recommitted the bill
(S. No. 114) to provide for the asccrtainmentand
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the Frcnch prior to the
31st day of July, 1801, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee oil
Finance, to whom was referred the hill (H. II.
No. CIO) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1804,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Albert Brown,
have had that matter under consideration, ami
have directed me to report a bill in his favor.
There is a written report, which I ask may be
printed. The report was drawn up by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] and I present
it in his absence.
The bill (S. No. 475) for the relief of Albert
Brown was lead and passed to a second reading,
and tile report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 393) concern-
mglettcrs of inarqne, prizes,and prize goods,have
had the same under consideration, and directed
me to report it hack to the Senate with several
amendments. The amendments arc trifling, and
the bill is important. It was before the Senate at
its last session, and I ask that it may bo consid-
ered now, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I hope we
shall not consider so importanta bill m the morn-
ing hour. . .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps Senators will withdraw
the objection to allow the amendments to be
adopted, that the bill may be printed as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendments be
printed, so that we may know what they ore.
Mr. SUMNER. I want them punted to know
what they are.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
printed, as a matter of course, being reported from
a committee. • .. .
Mr. HALE. I give notice that I shall call it
up as soon as we get through with the Court of
Claims bill, and things of that sort.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 474) for the prompt and um-
foini administration of justice and the better gov-
ernment ofthe military forces of the United States;
which was-read twice by its title, referred,to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
CUNSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following icso-
lution, and aslc that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That of the several parts of the eighth census
there be printed and bound, under the direction of the Su-
perintendent, twenty-five thousand copies for the liseof the
Senate ; and that the same may be printed from the copy
furnished to the House of Representatives.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing. ^ RE(HSTER,
Mr..ANTHONY. I also offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the Army liegis
tcr for 1863 be printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
JUDICIAL CIRCUITS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the morning business .
is through, I will aslc the Seriate to consider Sen-
ate bill No. 437. It is a bill that will take but a
moment, I thmk. It is to change the State of In-
diana from the seventh into the eighth judicial cir-
cuit, and the State of Michigan from the eighth
into the seventh. The Senators from those two
States desire the change, and it is acceptable also
to the judges. I suppose therefore it will take but
a moment to consider it, and I ask for its present
consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 437) to amend the act entitled "An
act to amend the act of the 3d of March, 1837, en-
titled ' An act supplementary to the act entitled
" An act to amend the judicial system of the United
States.""' It enacts that from and after its pas-
sage tho districts of Ohio and Michigan shall con-
stitute the seventh circuit, and the district of Illi-
nois, the district of Indiana, and the district of
Wisconsin, shall constitute the eighth circuit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are m Illinois two
districts, and the word "district," therefore, in
the beginning of the fifth lino of the bill, should bo
in the plural, so as to read " the districts of Illi-
nois." I suppose that modification will he made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That error will
be rectified without a motion.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time and passed.
KLAMATH AND MODOC INDIANS.
Mr. HARDING. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate take up the bill (S. No.
456) to enable the President to negotiate a treaty
with the Klamath and Modoc Indians, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was rend
the second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. To enable the President to nego-
tiate a treaty with the Klamath and Modoc Indians
of southern Oregon and northern California, a sum
not to exceed $20,000 is to be diverted from the
appropriation of $40,000 provided forby the third
section of the act approved July 5,1662, to enable
the President to negotiate a treaty with the Nez
Forces Indians. The President is-to appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
mi additional Indian agent for Oicgon, to reside
among the Klamath and Modoc Indians.
Mr. WILKINSON. This bill makes no ad-
ditional appiopnation out ofthe Treasury. Last
year there was an appropriation of $50,000 made
to enable the President to negotiate a treaty with
tho Nez Perces Indians. Upon the representa-
tion ofthe Senators from Oregon to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, that, in their opinion, tins
appropriation may be divided so as to negotiate
two treaties, the committee have agreed to this
bill, it making no additional appropriation, but
merely dividing an appropriation which was made
last year. That, I believe, is all there is in the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time, and passed.
COURT Or CLAIMS.
Mr. WADE. If there is nothing else up, I
move to take up the House bill passed at the last
session, for the organization of the Territory of
Arizona.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not call up that bill now. We have
several bills in an unfinished condition, which
ought to be disposed of. Let us proceed and finish
the Court of Claims bill, if we cun. If we ta^e
