394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
up the Arizona bill, of course there will be some
discussion on it, and one o'clock will arrive before
it is concluded, probably, and thus time will be
thrown away.
Mr. WADE. If' the Senator wishes to take up
the Court of Claims bill, I withdraw my motion.
I give notice, however, that 1 shall call up the
Arizona bill as soon as possible.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I make thatmotion, then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois to take up the bill (LI. R. No. 226) to
amend " An act for the establishment of a court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States," approved February 24, 1S35.
Mr. CLARK. We can finish it in a little while.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us taku a up and iin-
ish it.
The question being token, on a division ttu-ie
were—ayes eighteen.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will pardon me
for a brief statement. It is manifest, from the
amendments already made to this bill, that it will
go back to theHouseof Representatives,and prob-
ably not be acted upon there. I believe, there-
fore, that time is wasted upon it. With theamend-
ments adopted here, it simply increases theComt
of Claims from three to five judges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, I presume,
does not mean to misstate the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No such amendment has
been adopted.
Mr.SHERMAN. I understood thattheamend-
ment of the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
was adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Increasing the number of
judges?
Air. SHERMAN. No, sir. The amendment
of the Senator from Maine limits tin; opcuition of
the law, and the bill itself increases the number
of judges Horn three to five.
Mr. TRUMIjULL. This is n f-Jou^e bill, and
there is no amendment of the Senate in regard to
the judges one way or the other. There ha's been
no amendment of the Senator from Maine adopted
at all. I do not know that the Senator from Maine
has made any motion to amend the bill—certainly
none that has been carried.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine changed the pi m-
ciplo of the bill so as to prevent the judgments of
the Court of Claims from hemp* final.
Mr. TRUMHULL. That proposition, so for
from toeing adopted, was rejected.
Mr. SHERAIAN. Are there no amendments
to the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are various amend-
ments made to the bill by the Senate, but none of
the character whirh the Senator indicates.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was mistaken, then, in
regard to thy vote upon the amendment of the
Senator from Maine. I understood that it was
adopted; but Ifseems it was rejected. At any rate,
sir, it is manifest that this bill can hardly receive
the sanction of both Houses at this session, and
I wish to impress on the Senate now the necessity
of having action on vanous important bills that
are ready here and waiting for consideration.
This Senate and this Congress cannot adjourn
without some action upon the bill repotted by the
Senator ftom Illinois relating to arrests. If this
Congressadjourna without that troublesome ques-
tion being settled by some fair law, you will have
armed collision between some of the States and
the General Government. Can you not see this?
Is it not obvious to every man ?" Ought not that
subject to be regulated by law? Is it not known
to your chairman of the Military Committee that
his important bills, which are lying on your table
and pending, have not been acted upon; that aii
the financial bills necessary to sustain the ciedit
of the Government are here unacted upon ? I de-
sire to impress upon the Senate, if I can, the im-
portance of laying aside nil these mere legislative
bills that are of no great impoitnnce, m this con-
dition of the country, for the purpose of consid-
ering the measures to which i allude, and on which
there must be action. We have but six weeks of
this session left, and in that time we mustdispose
of theise great and impoitant questions. If this
Congress adjourns without important legislation,
what will be the condition of the country? We
now have almost civil war prevailing in two of
the loyal States of this Union. Controversies are
springing up, dangerous in their character, and
we must be prepared to meet them. For my part,
I will vote to consider no bill until a conscription
law is passed which shall place in the power of
the Government the whole physical force of the
people. 1 will vote for no general bill containing
legislation untilnlI of ourfinancial bills are beyond
the reach and danger of a dispute between the
two Houses.- There is now a difference of opin-
ion between the two Houses upon the most im-
portant financial measures which must be acted
on, and this difference must be reconciled. Then,
there are all the bi'ls imported from the Military
Committee to be considered. Until those lulls are
acted upon I will vote to take up no otli -r meas-
ure that is likely to excite discussion. 1 trust,
theiuoie, that this bill will not be taken up, but
that the gentlemen who have the control of all
the <>  ans of the busmess^of the Senate, whoare
the chaiimen of these various committees, will
pi ess those bills upon which there must be defi-
nite action; and I, for one, will give them my
vote to take up, in pteference to all this general
legislation, any bill of that charactcr.
Mr. CLARK. The Senate have had this bill
under consideration for two days. They spent
nearly the whole of one day upon the bill and a
considerable pnition of another. I think the indi-
cation of the Senate was that there should be «ornc
amendment in the organization of the Court of
Claims. Would it not b«- wise, would 11 not be
economy of time, as we have done ^o much on
the bill, to go on and finish it so far as the Senate
can act on ir, and let it go ba< k to the House of
Representatives? Tiie House very cle'irly indi-
cated to us, by sending the bill la-re, that they
thought thcie should be an amendment mregard
to the organization of tho Couit of Claims. They
have sent this bill here; and I do not th'nk that,
after spending two days upon it, we should delay
in that way or overiide it. After having spent so
much time upon ir, it seems to me better that we
should finish if, and not spend so much time in
discussing the order of business. I am ready,
with the Senator from Ohio, to take up the othei
special measiues when they shall comc along.
Mr. SHERMAN". A word more. The im-
portant measures that I spoke of never can come
up if they arc continually overridden by these
othei ordei s. This bill will excite discussion. We
cannot pass a bill that will place the Treasury of
the Uij11( d S'atcs subject to the decision of five
judges of a Court of Claims, without the most
elaborate discussion, and the most determined
opposition. You cannot increase the number of
the judges of a mere collateral court of inquiry,
thus increasing the expenses of this tribunal, with-
out creating discussion and controversy; and even
with the amendments that have abeady been
agreed to, if they are sent back to the House, in
the piesent condition of the House you cannot
reasonably hope that those amendments would
ever be acted upon. Then we waste the time of
the Senate on a bill of no practical importance,
even if it is adopted, when measures of most vital
importance press upon us d ly by day. J t seems
to me we do not appreciate the importance of time.
We have but six weeks, about thirty legislative
clays, in which to tiansactthe important business
that must be disposed of, and among it the most'
important questions that can be brought before
this body.
A biU was inhoduccd to-day, which I take to
be a serious movement on the part of the Com-
mittee on Alilitai y Allah5? to change somewhat
the organization of the Army—a bill covering a
great number of pages. How can that be acted
on if it is to do crowded aside by these matters
that are of no moment? What difference does it
make whether there be three or five judges in the
Court ot Claims' The only materialquestion in-
volved in the bill is what i have indicated: whether
th'-Bo judges shall appropriate money from the
Treasury of the United States without an act of
Congress. That is a question which I had sup-
posed the Senate had decided one way, and the
House the other; but it seems the Senate has not
acted upon it; and we are called upon to prtss a
bill through this House to place the Treasury of
the United States at the will and judgment of five
judges* we having no control over the appropri-
ations— th£ first departure of the kind since the
foundation of the Government.
It seems to me, therefore, Senators, that we
ought to lay aside this class of legislation entirely.
'! Let us allow peace to dawn upon this country be-
'! fore we appropriate any moie money for the es-
I tablishment of courts of claims, or for the pay-
:j ment of old claims that date back m the history
! of this Government to its foundation. Let us
j lay aside all these collateral questions, which are
j! totally unimpoitant. We have now something
graver and more important to act upon. Before
b this Congress adjourns, in the six weeks th-itaie
-j left to us, we must place in the power of tins Ad-
l; ministration the whole physical force of the conn-
try. We must sustain the public ciedit, and with
" wisdom and sagacity furnish means to sustain the
■ ' public credit. We must make oil the nppiopiia-
! tions to carry on the Government. Noneof these
bills ha\e been acted upon in the Senate of the
'i United States, except one or two of a smaller
■, character. We must pass the military bill; and,
jj moiu than all, we must pass that bill which is in
J, the charge of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
|| Trumbull,] to regulate the mode and mannerby
W which disloyal citizens may be anestcd according
{' to law; for if you throw that dispute over beyond
| this Congress without any law, leaving it to the
:: arbitrary discretion of the President of the United
;! States, you will, as I said before, create armed
:j collision between the State and national authority.
" When such questions aie befoie us, and die de-
\ manding our at tent ion, I will not, for one, although
j 1 have no control over any of these bills, take the
i; responsibility of silence; but I will demand or
: insist,as a Senator,so far as my vote will go, that
: the bills that are vital and important to the safety
jj and existence of this country shall be acted upon
■; first; and then, if we have any time left, let us
, regulate the Court of Claims, and all such matters
ij or minor moment,
i| Mr. HALL. What is the question r
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
:J is on taking up fot considei ation the Coin t of
Claims bill, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
ij resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
j; YCAS—Me^sr-i. Anthony, Arnold, Brown.ng, Claifc, Col
i j lamer, Cowan, Davi^, Dixon. Foot, Fo-tci. Uauhncj, IJanL?,
ij llediici-on. Ilowaid, Laneof Kan-a«=, Powell, Usee. Snm-
t| ner, Ten Ejck, TtumbuH, Wade, Wilkiii^oi), and Wilson
J of Mf-soun—'23
:j NAYH—Mcs-m?. Cnrhlc, Doolittle, Fe^senrieii, Giimef,
jj Hale, Ilnilan. King. Laneof' hidi-m-i, Moiuli, I'oitieroy,
| j Shennnn, Wilson ot Masf.achit eu->, and Wnabt—13
|j So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
ij as in Committee of the Whole, icsumed the con-
h sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 226) to amend
11 "An act to establish a court for the investigation
:] of claims against the United States," approved
ii Februaiy 24, 1855.
I! The ^RESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Bitow.vixc] moves to strike out,
j! in the seventh line of the seventh section, after
:j the word " court," the following wouls:
1 To repoit the don-ion* of tiie Corn I c  t' Claims; and to
! j attend, on the prut of the I'nited State*, to aii other mi iN and
1; eases- :n the Supi erne Couit to which thev tna\ he lequc-ted
• from rime to time to attend by the Atfoihe>- General oi tiio
ij I'nitPd States.
|j Before the question is taker, on striking out these
jj words, the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
; Clark] moves to perfect the portion proposed
r to he striekcn out by inserting, after the word
;j " claims,,J in the eighth line, the words " ashore-
'j tofoie reported;3' so that it would read:
; To repoit the dect&ions of the c0im of Claim*, as here-
, i tofoio icpmted; and to attend, &.e.
'[ Mr. CLARK. I was about to suggest to the
;j Senator from Illinois [Mi. Tiiumdui.l] who has
' j charge ot the hill, whetiiut it wuuld nut be better
j( to let the whole section go out. Most of it is pro-
j( valed tor in the old bill, excepting the two parts
■j which provide for the solicitor* attending to cases
i! in the Supreme Court.
Mr. I RLMBU.LL. I will state thnt the first
i part of u, as to the solicitor, assistant solicit or, and
jj deputy solicitor of the com', which so alarmed
the Senator fiom ISTew Hampshiio [Mr. Hale]
'j yesterday, is now the law, and those officers now
i! exist. Ihe solicitor and asssisuuit solicitor are
i] now appointed by the Pu-sidenf, by-and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; but the deputy
solicitor is appointed by the solicitor. It would
change the law in that respect, so that he would
