1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
have to be appointed by the Presides^ and con-
firmed by the Senate.
Air. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
a question: whether, providing in this bill for a
solicitor and assistant solicitor does not add these
officers to those whnjiold under the other law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not the intention to
add them at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. But if you leave the bill
to stand as it is, and do not repeal the other law,
you make an addition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that all laws
inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
expressly repealed by it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not inconsistent with
it when you have them before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill does not add to
those officers. It speaks of them as existing offi-
cers. If it is susceptible of the construction which
the Senator from Vermont indicates, it ought to
be conected. I do not think that would be a fail-
construction of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely call your atten-
tion to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The language is, " that
the solicitor, assistant solicitor, and deputy soli-
citor of said court shall heftjafter be appointed,"
&c. It speaks of them as existing officers. It
does not create these offices at all. They all now
exist, every one of them.
Mr. HALE. Why not strike it all out?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only objection that I
see to striking out the whole section is this: I think
it would be proper to require these solicitors to at-
tend to the cases that go up to the Supreme Court.
I think that feature ought to be maintained. In
reference to the other clause which my colleague
proposes to strike out, requiting them to attend to
cases in the Supreme Court on the request of the
Attorney General, I shall make no objection to
that going out. I do not sec the propriety of hav-
ing it here, and I think it had bettei go out; but
I think it would be desirable to require them to
attend to eases which go up from the Court of
Claims to the Supreme Court. I think, therefore,
we had better not strike that part out.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. On a motion to
strike out the entire section, the question cannot,
be tatoen on striking out until all propositions of
amendment to that section shall first bo made.
Mr.CLAR.lv. There is no motion of that kind, j
I merely made the suggestion to the Senator from .
Illinois. !
Mr. BROWNING. I suggest to my colleague* ;
that he can accomplish his object and meet the :
views of the fi lends of the bi'I by striking out all j
after the word " court,"m the seventh line. I •
undeistand the taw already provides for a report
of the decisions to the extent the Senator from
New Hampshire desiies to be done.
Mr. CLARK. It does so; and that will be sat-
isfactory as far as 1 am concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois modify his motion of amend-
ment?
'Mr. "BROWNING. Yes, sir. Theie ?sn pro-
vision in the tw.elftii and thirteenth lines that my |
colleague may think important, and may havt. I
ieasons for having it inserted, providing that " no j
other fee or compensation than tiie salary of said ,
solicitor and assistant and deputy solicitors shall |
hereafter in any case be paid to either of them."
If he desires that to be retained, I will not make
the motion to stuke out all the section. I submit
it to h im to make such disposition of it as he thinks j
proper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qurstio.i
pending is on the motion of the Senator from New 1
'Hampshire to modify the words proposed to be i
stricken out by tin; Senator from Illinois. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken j
upon that, let me say that the Senator from New |
Hampshire will accomplish his object, it seems i
to me, if the motion of my colleague prevails. If ,
he stukes out the words he specifies, the law ;
requiring a repoit to be made to Congress still
remains. Tiut is the law now, as F understand
it. A lenort is made in all these cases to Congress.
I see no objection, therefore, to the motion of my
colleague, and letting all that he proposes to strike
out go out. In the rest of the section there are
some features which I think ought to be retained;
but, upon reflection, I think we may agree upon
the motion of my colleague, and preserve the har-
mony of the bill and all that is valuable in that
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
Mr. CLARK. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That being
withdrawn, the question is upon the motion of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Browning,] to strike
out the following words, commencing in line seven,
after the word "court:"
To repoit the <lcei«ion«of the Court of Claims; and to
attend on the part of the United States to all other ."utoand
cases in the Supreme Court to which they may be requested
fiom time to tunc to attend by the Attorney Geneial of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWNING. I desire to move another
amendment to the same section. I move to fur-
ther amend it by striking out from the word
"and," in the fourteenth line, to the end of the
section, inclusive, the following words:
And no fee or compensation for services in either the
Supit iiH' Coutt ot Couit oi' shall heieafter be al-
lowed oi paid in any case by Hie United States.
Mr. President, there might an occasion arise
upon which it would be very important for the
United States to piovide itself with other counsel
than the official attorneys piovided for by this bill.
The Attorney General might be sick, or so situ-
ated that he could not attend; or there might be
a time when there was, for the time being, no At-
torney General, and a case would have to be ar-
gued in the Supreme Court, and a very important
one. It might so happen that the solicitor and
assistant solicitors of the Court of Claims would,
by some means, be prevented from giving their
attendance to business; and I think it ought to
be left to the Government to exercise its discre-
tion about that matter. I think no danger or evil
can result from it. They would not be at all likely
to employ counsel, unless the inteiests of the Gov-
ernment urgently demanded that they should be
employed; and when they do employ counsel, the
Government ought to have it in Us power to make
adequate compensation for the services rendered.
I think it would be better to .strike that'out. 1
do not perceive that any evil whatever can result
from striking it out, and leaving the Government
to exercise its discretion in that respect. I there-
fore move that these words be stricken from the
bill.
! Mr. HALE. I do not know but there may be
■ something in what has fallen fiom the Senator
; from Illinois; but I think a power that has been
I so grossly abused as this has been, according to
the" public documents that have been submitted
1 to Congress during the present Congress, ought
1 to be taken away. 11 has been grossly misused and
abused, and it probably will be in the future. I
; think thu Government will suffer vastly less by
j enacting such a clause as this than they would
j by striking it out.
| The amendment was not agreed to.
I Mr. HALE. I desne to make an amendment
; in the section that we are now upon to luundya
1 difficulty . I mov, in the second and thud linen
; of ihe section, to strike out the word " hereafter,"
I afiei the word " shall " It s -r:ms to me that ihere
' is an implication th'oe that may be saved by strik-
ing out that woid, and the section will h-? just as
| well without it. It will then read:
i That the solicitor, assist;1 nt -oiicttoi, and deputy solicitor
! of f^aid couit shali he appointed hy the I'le-^uent, by mid
with the advico and consent of the S°nat", &e.
| The amendment was agreed to.
i Mi. GRIMES. I mo\e to strike out all of the
, bill after the woul "that," where it first occurs,
1 and to insert in lieu thereof, as a substitute, the
; following:
ij The at t entitled "An act to est.iblMi a court tor the ja-
il ventilation of claims against the United Mate*." nppiovcd
j; Februaix £4, ISOo, be and the fame is- Jieiehv icpeaM.
]! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
I! is on the amendment striking out the original
'■ bill, and inserting words in the form of a subsii-
j! tute for it. Both :he o>iginnl bill and the suhsti-
jj tute are open to amendment by way of perfection
before the question on the substitution can be
taken. If there be no amendment oilered, the
question will be on the amendment moved by the
Senator fiom Iowa.
Mr. HALE. I havea.i amendment to the bill
which I wish to otTer before the question is taken
on that amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I was going to suggest a diffi-
culty that arises in that matter. 1 desire to pro-
pose an amendment to the second section, which
has been stricken out irrcommittee. *Of course I
cannot propose it now; but I could when the bill
came into the Senate. If, however, the question
is now taken on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, I cannot get at that section at all, as
I undeistand. ^
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the event
that the amendment of the Senator from Iowa is
carried, the Senator will not be able to reach the
second section.
Mr. CLARK. I desire the Senator, therefore,
to withdraw Ins amendment for the present; he
can bring it forward afterwards.
Mr. GRIMES. What is your amendment?
Mr. CLARK. I desire, in the second section
which has been stricken out, to insert, after the
word "Government" in the third line, these
words:
Founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any regula-
tion of an Executive Depaitment. or upon any contract, ex-
piess or implied, by tho Government of the United States.
The effect of the amendment would be to send
all petitions that come here founded upon a law of
Congress, or a regulation of a Department, or upon
a contract, to the'Court of Claims, and nd the Sen-
ate of them. That would notenlatge the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims. I undeistand that
the reason why the Committee on the "Judiciary
recommended the striking out of this section was
that by the present constitution of the Court of
Claims everything referred to it by act of Con-
gress goes to the court, and they have jurisdiction
of it by the very force of sending it there under a
resolution; but if it is limited m this way, it would
not give the court jurisdiction of anything excopt
things arising under the law of Congress, or an
express or implied contract.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire will suspend his remarks.
The hour of one o'clock havingai rived, it becomes
the duty of the Chair, under the rules of (he Sen-
ate in relation to special orders, to call up the spe-
cial order of the day, which is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday; and that is House bill iNo. 363,
being a "bill to provide for the discharge of State
prisonous and others, and to authorize the judges
of the United States couits to take bail oi recog-
nisances to secure the ti lal of the same; and upon
this question the Chair is advised that the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will allow that bill to be laid aside, with
a view to finish the Court of Claims bill.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent the special order may be infoimally laid
aside.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall object. I am going to
fight this Couit of Claims bill, and it is going to
take up a uood deal of time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust a majority of the
Senate will not be detencd fiom going on will) a
bill because the Senator fiom* Iowa gives notice
that he shall li°ht it. lie has been fighting it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, it tequiies a motion to postpone the
special older.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
special order, and all other ordeis, with n view
to pioceed with the consideration of the bill now
before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. On that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the ioil h called,
I desire to state that my colleague [Mr. Howe]
is absent on business that is deemed to be of the
most pressing importance, and perhaps it has
some beann<r on this very question. A decision
has just been made, as 1 understand, by the su-
preme coutt of the State of Wisconsin by which
the piisoneis who are held there by military au-
thoii'y for resistance to the draft aie to be dis-
charged , on the ground that the authority assumed
by the President in making the arrests and in sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus is an authoiity
not wariantcd by the Consntutton, I)}* tele-
gi aphic communication between the State of Wis-
consin and the Government here, proceedings
undt the decision have been temporality bus-
