1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
*/ *
Mr. CHANDLER. I will read the bill if the
Senator will give me his attention. The power is
41 to appoint a special agent or agents to receive
and collect all abandoned or captured property in
any State or Territory, or any portion of any State
or Territory of the United States designated as in
insurrection."
Mr. POWELL. I will refer to the second sec-
tion, which is in these words: " that it shall be
lawful for such agent or agents, under such regu-
lations as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe, to purchase in said insurrectionary States
cotton, rice, sugar, and tobacco, at such price or
prices as may be agreed on, not exceeding the
market price of such article at the place of sale,
nor two thirds of the market price thereof in the
city of New York at the date of the last quota-
tions known to such agent." It has nothing to
do with property confiscated.
Mr. CHANDLER. The previous section has.
^ Mr. POWELL. I am aware the previous sec-
tion has, but this section has not. You make the
Government a speculator in cotton, rice, sugar,
and tobacco, which you have no constitutional
authority to do,and if you had the constitutional
power I never would allow any agent of the
Government to do it. I venture to say that this
Government will lose hundreds of millions of dol-
lars in this trade through agents. If the property
is confiscated you do not want to buy it; if it is
confiscated itis already forfeited; but here the sec-
tion proposes to allow agents to go and buy it.
The Senator says many persons have left their
property. If there is nobody with the property
you cannot buy it. You must find some owner
before you can make your purchase. I hope the
section will be stricken out. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I think this is a bill of so
much consequence that we ought at least to know
really what it is before we support or denounce it.
The bill in the first section is a bill substantially
to authorize-the Secretary of the Treasury to col-
lect whatever in the districts in insurrection he
may find there abandoned or in the custody of our
military forces as they advance into that coun-
try; and itis proposed with reference to what may
take place in view of a necessity which has been
found to exist since our armies entered into that
region of country. At Port Royal and other places
it was found that large portions of property which
had been abandoned as our forces approached,
were left to depredations and incursions by all
sorts of people. There was no authority of law
and there was no regulation by which this prop-
erty could be taken into possession and custody,
and so great disorder and great confusion and
great demoralization of the troops and the Gov-
ernment agents resulted from a general scramble
for this property; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was obliged, either with or without authority
of law—thinking himself authorized, however—
to interfere and appoint certain agents, under cer-
tain rules and regulations, to take care of that
property.
A similar state of things occurred in the West
when the Army advanced, and we all know that
very serious and grave charges have been made
against officers of the Army, and m many cases
civilians, imputations against their honesty and
their integrity, growing out of the dealings in cot-
ton. The first section of this bill is calculated to
obviate that difficulty, to confer by act of legisla-
tion upon the Secretary of theTreasury sufficient
power, under such rules and regulations as he
may find necessary to meet the contingency, to
take this propel ty by authority of law through
these agents, and to exclude all interference of
other parties; because it will be seen that notonly
these agents are to be authorized to do these things,
but all other persons under severe penalties are
prohibited from interfering. There is the double
object of securing the property abandoned, and
also preventing the demoralization of the forces
and unwarrantable speculations and interference
by persons outside.
That is the feature of the first section of this
bill; that is its object; and that is the state of facts
which it is intended to cover and correct. Itis
obviousenough as our forces advance in this coun-
try that they will come in contact with this prop-
erty; it will be set afloat, in some instances aban-
doned, in other instances it will be in the custody
of the Army. Now, how shall it be dealt with ?
That is the question precisely. It must be done
either by act of Congress or by assumption of the
Departments, either the War or the Treasury De-
partment, who may undertake control over this
property.
For myself, I was rather of opinion that, no
legislation upon this subject was necessary; that
there was sufficient power and authority in each
of these Departments, as our armies advanced in
this country and understood the state of affairs,
to make such rules and regulations as were neces-
sary to take care of this property and dispose of
it under the law we passed last year providing for
the confiscation of property. So I felt, and so i
now feci; but the Departments feel differently.
The Treasury Department and the War Depart-
ment have had a great deal of trouble on this sub-
ject, and some conflict of authority; and this bill
is the joint product of those two Departments,
and expresses the desire and wish of those two
Departments in regard to this matter; and, so far
as I understand, many members of the committee
yielded to it as the scheme of the Departments
against their own convictions of what might be
necessary.
The second section of the bill is an independent
proposition, has no relation whatever to the de-
scription of property I have mentioned, and it is
simply this: as you advance into that country you
come in contact with loyal people, scoresof them,
multitudes itis to be hoped. The great mass of the
people of that country are supposed to be loyal;
they have cotton; they desire to sell it. is it ex-
pedient to purchase it, and make such exchanges
for it, either in money or goods not contraband of
war,  s may he deemed wise ? It is thought to be
so,and this section provides for it. I believe, Mr.
President, that these are the objects of the bill,
and the provisions of the first and second sections.
The other provisions of the bill are simply made
with reference to carrying out these two objects.
I did not rise particularly to advocate the bill, be-
cause I have already said that my convictions were
that legislation did not seem to be necessary, but
at the same time the committee yielded to it as a
measure of the Government, and I thought it was
fair that this explanation at least should be made
of its objects.
Mr. DAVIS. As I understand the bill, it lias
a double object, and it applies to two different
classes of cases. The first section applies to cases
where property has been abandoned, where it is
in the possession and custody of no person, or
where it is captured; and in such cases the first
section provides for the appointment of an agent
to take charge of it on behalf of the Government
of the United States. That much of the bill I
approve.* There is great need for it, I think. As
ouraimios have gone into the cotton and sugar
regions a great quantity of those staples have
been abandoned by their owners. The propei ty
thus abandoned has been seized uppn by private
plunderers, and has been appropriated to their
own benefit. These private pranderers have been
principally from the Army, and officers high 111
office, among the highest in command, have stained
their hands with this plunder. There is no deny-
ing the fact.
Now, I will name one of those high officers,
and that officer is General Butler. 1 have heard
from various sources that lie has been engaged,
through the agency of a brother of his, most ex-
tensively in this mode of plunder in the city of
New Oi leans and the State of Louisiana.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him; I have seen that charge
made in the newspapers and elsewhere, but if the
Senator will go to the Treasury he will find that
every single dollar's worth of property General
Butler ever dealt with lias been accounted for at
the Treasury of the United States. He did this:
he had steamboats there under high charter-par-
ties for the Government; he must send those
steamers home in ballast, or he must buy sugar
and other products in New Orleans to send back
in them. He did buy that property, and shipped
it on Governmenttransports to the North, and he
accounted for every single dollar that ever came
into his hands, even to the last farthing, to the
Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I have some information in re-
lation to this General Butler and his operations
in that line. I am assured that he was not so
green as to undertake any operations of the kind
in his own name; but 1 learn from credible au-
thority that a brother of his was his wholesale
agent, and in whose name he gathered an im-
mense amount of plunder. In the National In-
telligencer of this morning I see the fact stated
that his brother and another individual are in the
possession of the Millandon estate, a plantation
in the Statn of Louisiana that before the present
war was valued at $3,000,000.
I have this information, also, in relation to Gen-
eral Butler: there was a gentleman, who had for-
merly resided in New Orleans, by the name of
Brother; his present residence is in St. Louis; I10
alternated in his residence between those two cities-;
he had a fine residence in the city of New Otleans
richly furnished, and he had in the city of New
Orleans an expensive set of plate, valued at four
or five thousand dollars, that had been presented
to him by some railroad association with which
he had been connected. He had in his residence
in the city of New Orleans very handsome furni-
ture, valued at twenty or thirty thousand dollars.
He was absent from the city of New Orleans last
winter, and this General Butler became informed
of the position of his plate, that for security it was
deposited in some safe in the city of New Oilcans,
and General Butler sent a squad of soldiers and
had that safe forcibly opened and rifled of that
gentleman's plate; and after that the same Gen-
eral Butler sent a body of soldiers to his house,
and had it robbed of all its rich and handsome
furniture. That gentleman came to this city to
make complaint of these outrages against General
Butler, and he went with a Senator and a Repre-
sentative from the State of Missouri to the Pres-
ident, and represented the state of fact to him.
The gentleman had icceived letters, as I am in-
formed, from his friends in the city of New Or-
leans,informing him of the exact mannerin which
his plate and his furniture went. He came here
for the purpose of reclaiming his property. He
received no redress; but some friend who was
acquainted with the propensities of General But-
ler said to him that if he would seek some place
where General Butler resided or deposited the
fruits of his operations in this line, he probably
could get it.
I have seen here gentlemen from the city of
New Orleans, who represented it as a well-known
fact in that city that a brother of this General
Butler was engaged extensively in plundering in
sugar and cotton and other produce, in this mode:
when there was any quantity of cither article of-
fered for sale, he would compel the holders of it
to sell it to him for greatly below the marketprice;
and he would then sell it for three, four, or five
times as much as he had paid for it. The people
of New Orleans, a very large number of them,
charge this General Butler to have been engaged
indirectly in plundering to an enormous amount;
a plunderer and oppressor as atrocious as Verres,
the questor of Sicily.
The effect of the first section of this bill will be
that where there is any property of this character
that has been abandoned by its secession owners
or sympathizers, instead of being left to corrupt
the Ariny and its high officers, the Government
will have an authorized agent there to take pos-
session of it, and to dispose of it for the benefit
of the United States, and for the bent-fit of the loyal
owner, if a loyal owner aftet wards should appear
to claim the property or its proceeds. I have no
doubt that this plunder has stained the hands of
many of our military officers. I have a neighbor
and a friend who is as loyal a man as there is in
America. He, at the time of the breaking out of
this rebellion, had twenty or thirty thousand dol-
lars due him in the South. He went into noith
Alabama and he purchased cotton there for his
debts. The wagons that had transported Army
stores away to the extreme southern posts that
were then occupied by our Army were returning
empty. He made application to some of the high
officers to send his cotton back within the lines,
and to a port on the Cumberland liver where he
could ship it; but he was denied the privilege, and
he informed me that these same Army officers
were trading in cotton, and were sending their own
purchases back by the wagons of which they re-
fused him the use.
All this is wrong; and because the first section
of the bill will have the effect, to some extent, to
