THE CON"GBESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
p^nd-.-d, so that no bloodshed or collision should
occur. My colleague was called home expressly
on that subject, and I suppose will be back very
soon ; but ut is of the utmost importance that, that
question should be disposed of. There is a differ-
ence of opinion upon it. Some maintain that the
President now has the authority under the Con-
stitution; some maintain that it is an authority
which can only be derived from Congress, and
therefore legislation is necessary to clothe him
with lhat power. It certainly is necessary that
the subject should be acted upon at a very early
moment by Congress; anditis of much more im-
portance, in my opinion, than the question about
this Court of Claims. I shall vote against post-
poning the special order of the day m order to
continue this Court of Claims bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Clark,
Collamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Foot, Fo^tei, Ilendeison,
Hicks, llowaid, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Powell, Kiee,
Sumner, IVn Llyok, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, ana
Wilson of Missouri—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Doohule, Fe^sendon, Grimes,
Hale, Ilardmg, Harlan, Ila'ins, King, Lanu of Indiana,
Vomeroy, Sherman, and Wilson of Massachusetts—13.
So the motion to postpone the special order was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Iowa, to'strike out the whole of the bill after the
enacting clause, and insert a substitute for the
hill; and if no amendment be offered either to the
original bill or to the substitute, the question will
be taken on that amendment.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to the oii-
ginal bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
order.
Mr. HALE. It is to strike out nil of the first
section after the enacting clause. That will sim-
ply provide that the number of judges shall not be
increased. It is to kill the prospective appoint-
ment of two additional judges.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to amend the ori-
ginal bill by striking out all of the first scction
after the enacting clause, in the following words:
That there t-hall he appointed by ihe PieMdont, bv and
with the advico and consent of the Hoimto, two additional
judges for the said court, to hold then othces duting good
behavior, who shall bo qualified in the same maimei. dn-
charqe the .s.unc duties, and reeeivc the same eoinjiui^.t-
tion, a* now provided in reference to th" judgess of bind j
court; and that fiom the whole number of said judgo the
President fah.Ul in like manner appoint a chief ju^trec tor
tfiid court.
Mr. CLARIC. I think I shall support the
amendment of my colleague. There is not now
a gient deal of business before theCoiu t ol Claims.
This bill will not necessarily send a great deal of
business theie. The session is a short one, and
we ean have the vacation to sec what business will
come before the Court of Claims; and then, as this
js an amendment of the old court bill, we can add
new judges if necessary. I think, therefore, that
I shall support the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a House bill, it
came here with this first section in it. No amend-
ment was proposed to it by the committee to
whom it was lefimrd; and now it is moved tu
strike out the first section, which adds two judges.
When the suggestion was made the other day, I
Stated that it was a mailer of indifference to me
whether the first section was stricken out oi not.
I do not regard it as vital to the bill at ail, one way
or the other. Since then, I have been informal
of lhe reasons for ndding these two judges, as I
understand, other than those I knew of before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois will suspend his remarks for o mo-
ment. The Chairis advised by the Clerk that this
same amendment has been before moved and neg-
atived by the Senate in committee. If so, it is
not in order to move it here in committee again.
It will be in order when the bill shall be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Secretary is mis-
taken. 1 made such a motion, and afterwards
withdrew it.
Mr. CLARK. He is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The record
shows, as the Chair is informed, that such an
amendment was moved and negatived by the Sen-
ate. The motion, therefore, is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My impression is other-
wise; that the vote was not taken on it.
Mr. GRIMES. That is my impression.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was withdrawn to be
made after another question was settled.
Mr. GRIMES. And not put.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made a motion upon
the fate of which it was supposed the first section
might depend, and at my suggestion the amend-
ment to the first section was withdrawn until that
was settled, and was not afterwards renewed.
Mr. GRIMES. I am confident that that is the
case. I made the motion myself, and at the in-
stance of the Senator from Maine withdrew it,
to enable him to make a motion to limit the final-
ity of the judgments that might be rendered by
the court.
Mr. HALE. I will settle the question by mov-
ing to strike out nil of the first section after the
enacting clause, down to the word "court," in
the eighth line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire is m
order. The Chair was inadvertently misinformed
as to the action of the Senate upon that amend-
ment. No vote was taken upo<u it. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of tlhe Senator from
New Hampshire to strike out all of the first scc-
tion after the enacting clause; and on that ques-
tion the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
has the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about stating, when
interrupted, that I had been informed of an addi-
tional reason which did not occur to me why these
two judges were added to the three now existing.
The oniy reason that I knew of before was, that
I supposed the court would become more import-
ant when its decisions wer^ to be final; the busi-
ness would be gieatly enlarged, as all the claims
against the Government, which will now be vastly
increased, will go before the court; and that that
was supposed to be the necessity for increasingthe
number of judges. But another reason is given.
The court now consists of three judges. It takes
the concurrence of two of these judges to make a
decision. It so happens that the court has not
always been unanimous; there have frequently
been divisions in the court; and when that has
been the case it has involved, in consequence of
the changes upon tho bench, the rcargumcntand
the reinvestigation of a great many causes. Judge
Gilchrist, of New Hampshire, was, I think, on
the bench of the court when it was first organized.
He deceased, and it became necessary to reargue
nearly all the cases which had been before the court
while he was on the bench, after his decease, when
anew judge came upon it. Again, an other vacancy
occurred by the decease of Judge Blackford, of
Indiana; and another vacancy by the secession of
Judge Scarburgh, I think; so that it has happened
that the court has been engaged a good pai t of its
time in reheat mg eases. In case of the absence of
one of these three judges from sickness or any other
cause, as sometimes happens, if you aigue a case
before two, and they agiee, you may get a decis-
ion; but otherwise you can get no decision, and
it has all to be gone over again. It has been the
experience upon the bench7 with these vacancies
occurring, and with the occasional absence of one
of the judges, that the transaction of business has
been very much clogged by the number three. By
having five judges on the bench the chances of
having to reargue a case in order to get a decision
would be very much diminished, as everybody
will see.
This aiTords another reason why this provision
was put m the bill, in addition to the one which
I suppose was the main one, and, in fact, which
I suppose now is—this other can begot over—
that a court of so important a character as this,
before which neaily all the claims against the Gov-
ernment will go, should consist of five judges.
Everything that arises under any regulation of
the Departments, or under any contracts of the
Government, is to be referred to the court, with-
out any action in Congtess, according to a prop-
osition which the Senator from New Hampshire
has made, and to which I shall have no objection,
and whenever a claim is presented to Congress
which comes within the jurisdiction of this court,
it is, as a matter of course, to go to the Court of
Claims.
I have said, sir, all I desire to say in reference
to this motion.
Mr. HALE. The reasons assigned by my hon-
orable friend from Illinois, instead of satisfying
rue that he is ng^ht, have had exactly (lie contrary
effect on my mind. He says the difficulty has
been, that there have been deaths in the court,
and it has been necessary, \^hen a new judge came
on the bench, to reargue the cases. The chances
of death among five men are greater than they are
among three; and probably deaths will occur more
frequently after you put in these two additional
judges than they would if you left only three.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator fiom New
Hampshire does not appreciate the point I made.
You will be less likely to have two deaths out ot
five judges than to have one out of three. You
will be more likely to have a quorum of the court
to do business, and more likely to get the decision
of a majority of five judges, than you will to get
a majority of two out of three.
Mr. HALE. The argument is, that when death
occurs, and a new judge goes on the bench, out
of courtesy to him, they let the cases be reargued;
and therefore, as I said 3 the more judges there are,
the more likely it is that there will be deaths.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the more courtesy
will be required. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Exactly; the more courtesy will
be required.
The Senatorfrom Illinois has stated his reasons
fully; but with all my respect for him, I must say
I do not think there is a great deal m them. I
have heard another and a weightier reason; and,
in my humble judgment, it lie's at the foundation
of this provision; and it is this: unfortunately
for the country and for the Republican party, a
good many of its men were defeated at the polls
for Congress at the late election, and it is neces-
sary to take care of those wounded soldiers. That,
I confess, appeals to my sympathies; and if 1
could allow myself to be governed by piivate
considerations in regard to my friends, and com-
pensate their misfortunes out of the public Treas-
ury, i should go for this bill. But, sir, we have
no money to spare for such a purpose.
Now, if Senators will have this court, let us,
as my colleague has suggested, go along with the
present number of judges, and see if there will
not be a more healthy time among them. I do
not understand how it is that so many inc| have
died in this court. I never heard of a juugo of
the Supreme Court dying, or very rarely, indeed,
[laughter;] and none of them ever resign—that is
very certain.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will suggest to gentle-
men, by way of settling the diffeicnce between
them, to adopt the old practice. It is quite clear,
sir* that the experience of two hundred years in
England showed that four judges was the best
number to have. Then you will always requne
three quarters of the court to carry a case, which
is certainly a stronger vote than three fifths,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If one should die, then
you would be as you now are.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say that the experience
of the English courts for two hundred years has
shown that to be the safest course that can be
pursued. If one dies, three of the judges have
got to ogroe in a decision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose three should die.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then you will not ha\oa
quorum, and it will be necessary to reorganize the
court. I think three judges arc enough for this
court; but 1 merely make the suggestion to Sen-
ators, who seem to differ about the number, that
we had better have four.
Mr. DAYIS. I never was a judge, and tvvei*
was a component part of any court; but I have
had some experience in courts, and myexpen* ve
teaches me that the proper number for a full < curt
is three. There is no couit of which I have
any knowledge anywhere in the United States to
which, if I could determine the number of judges,
1 would allow more than that number, cxeopt the
Supreme Court of the United States. In that
com t, owing to the number of the States, the dif-
ference in their respective statutory codes, and a
great many other reasons, a larger number than
three judges, especially if they-are to do circuit
court duties as they now do, is required. But, sir,
in this Court of Claims J think three to be the
proper number. If you get more than three judges
tog* ther, you cannot get them to sit and transact
then business by reading their lecords and hold-
ing their consultations together. That has been
