1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. CHANDLER. That is not my opinion.
I do not think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my opinion, and
no one thinks higher of the Secretary of the
treasury than I do.
Mr., CHANDLER. Tf the bill is to lead to
discussion I move to take up House bill No. 551.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill lies
on the table at the suggestion of the mover*
Mr. CHANDLER. Temporarily.
COLLECTORS ON TUB LAKES.
Mr. CHANDLER. \ move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 551) to equalize and establish the
compensation of the collectors of the customs
of the nouhern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill; the question pending being on the
amendment of the Committee on Commerce to
strike out all of the original hill after the enacting
clause, and to insert in lieu of it:
That on and after the 1st day rtf July next, the several
collector.-, of the custom* "n tin; northern, northeastern,
and northwestern lomuers of the United Htate« in the (<>l-
Jowmgdistnets, to wit: Detroit, Oswego, liutf.ilo,Chicago,
Niagara, Oswegfitchle, Champtani, CuyaliojM, Vermont,
Genesee. Cape Vincent, Pietquu We, tfamlu-ky* Miami,
Sault yte. Mane, Milwaukee, and Dunknk, ! lmlJ receive
the compensation now provided by the t'oin th section of the
act of Maich 2, 1631, and in addition thereto the lee- now
collected under the General regulation* of the TieuMiry De-
partment ot February, 1857, and a commi-^lon of tin ee per
cent, on all moneys eolleeied and sieeonnteU for hy them,
respectively. i'lvtW, That the aggregate compensauon
del ived limn salary, fee*, and eomim^iims Mail! not exceed
in any e.^e the <mm of pei annum.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it fwither eimrjc/f, That the eolleetm of
custom!? of each of ihedi-tiict^nt'iuestud -hall render, with
Ins account* of the expenses incident to l)i-> olfiee, a li.-t ol
the clerks and oihei ntlicer^ of the customs <-inplove(i hy
him, ^tatnnr the i.ue oi i nmpeti-.il ion allowed tu wacii, the
duties (hey M-verally peilmm, and f Nn an neemiat of the
sums paid for ^tationei \. Hie!, and all ofhei ofliee expeic-i**,
including otlicc rent; Jnr ail ot winch exp. u-e> he r-hall
submit an estimate each month in udvanc* .and .-hall -late
the pmpoM's (oi which anv piemix^ aie u*<e<J: and *li.ill
also tender an aecut.iLe account ot'alJ lees and comiiii,--ioii>
co!l< ct< d h\ htm.
StT.il he i( f'tu Ihey cjiwW, Thai the di-.t jet of Sack-
cttV ilaibor he,and f- heret>\,annexed io the di-tnct ot ('ape
Vincent, and thediMnci so annexed i-. hereby alioli-ln-d
and coiwuuteti a pai t of the di-ai iet to whi< h it i-. annexed;
and that the di?tiict ot Niajjaia i< licichy extended m> a-* to I
Include the entire county of N"iairaia to ihe channel oi Ton- :
awaiula cicek ; and th.it JLiewiMnn, m the diMucf ofNi,i -
ira, i* heieliy dKcontinned jk a poit of entiy. ajnl that the
jioii ot'eatty loi (he disuict he, and is lieieby, estahli-hed
at i^Uspen-ion lit uls e.
See •! -iui! I'C tf fiu thn cnavtol, That Platt-buig, in (he
diHtnot of Champlatn, i^heiehv dt>eoutiutied a* a po:t of
entry, and thai the port of entiy tot the dtMiiet be, and is-
hereby, c.-ttabli^ln d at Rcai^-'s i'mm.ai winch place Hie
collector of the (h.Mriei vji.ill ie-ade, and a uepnt\ coil"' lui
.'•hall re-idc at IMatHaii^; and ail \e><*els pa--iuii through
Lake CiiamphUn, ttom Canatia. >-hal! liercattei he reijiuieii
to report to the collector ot customs at limi-r's Point
Sue. a. .rtnrf he it f'mthe) cnfirt<'<L That .VIichiluiuekiNite,
in th'' district of Michilnnaclunac, t> heicbj di-eontintied
Hi a |>'>ui't entiy, and that the [inn ofentiy lot the di-iuct
be, and is hcieby, e-mhli-hed at Sanlt Ste Mam-, at which
place the collector ot the di-tiict -.hull reMde, ami a deputy
eolieetoi .-hall n^ideat Mieiiiinn;tei<inae.
S>,c. I) slml />c it futlhej enatlcil, 'J'hat all aej>, and p.nt"
of acts icpugnnnt to the ptOMMons of tins .let i>e, and the
name aie hereby, icpealed.
Mr. KING. Upon conference and understand-
mg with the chaiunan I niovc an amendment in
the first section of the substitute to sluke out nil
aftei the word "thereto" in line eleven, to the
word <s i cspecti v ei y,'' inclusively, in I me fifteen,
and to insert these words:
A vitm equal to twenty-five pei cent, of tiie amount of
fees collected, and all tees authorized by law shall be paid
into the Treasury.
The words proposed to be stricken out are as
follows:
Tin-* fees now collected under the general regulations of
the Treasury Dopni tment of PYbruaty, and a com mis-
sion of three per cent, on ail money* coil'-cted and ac-
counted foi hy them, ie.-pcetiveiy.
The amend meat to th<; amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. The word " commissions" should
be stricken out of the sixteenth lino of the iiist
section, and "and ail other sources" inserted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
something about this bill. It seems to be a bill
for the inc tease of salaries, one that 1 have not had
an opportunity to look at, and this is a very bad
time to bring up bills of that description.
Mr. CHANDLER. In 1831 a law was passed
giving compensation to the collectors on the north-
ern, northeastern, and northwestern fiontiers.
At that time the Territory of Michigan contained
a population of thirty-four thousand inhabitants;
and the fees and emoluments, and the expenses
of living at the city of Detroit, were very different
from what they are now,and they were very dif-
ferent in Buffalo, Chicago, O^densburg, and all
these ports. This is not putting these collectors
on an equality with the collectors on the Atlantic
coast. It puts them §500 below the collectors on
the Atlantic coast, but it is bringing them up to
something like an equality with the collectors on
the Atlanticcoast. They cannot in any event have
over §2,500. ft. is a small matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The collectors on tl*> At-
lantic coast have very different salaries. Sonus of
them are pi city small indeed, not more than $300
or $400. I
Mr. CHANDLER. They all have fees.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not have fees at
all, they have salaries; but this 1 understand is
giving salaries and fees besides to the collectors
on the lakes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Only twenty-five per cent,
of fees, which wall undoubtedly increase the
amountof receipts into the Treasury. On the At-
lantic coast they have the whole amount of the
fees, here only twenty-five percent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Butthey have no foes on
the Atlantic coast that I am aware of; they all have
fixed salaries. These men do not collect much
revenue. I ask that the bill be read.
The Secretaiy read the bill as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN". 1 should like to inquire
whethi r the*bill has been recommended by the
Treasury Department,
Mr. CHANDLER. It was recommended by
the Trenxm y Drpai tment that they should have
all the fee.-: up to §3,000a year. Instead of giving
them all rhe fees" and iei'ting the salary go up to
53,000 n yeni, :he Committee on Commerce, have
cut the I inn t down to ft2,500 a yenr and i;iven them
twenty-five per Cent, of the fees. It does not
amount to anything at all. I consider it entirely
inadequate, but Mill it is a small addition.
xVlr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, lsitmuch
of an mcrefiseon the whole?
Mr. CHANDLER. No; it is a diminution of
the whole expense, because we haveabohshed two
other dusti ict«.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thequestion
!«-?, shall the amendment be engrossed and the bill
be read a 11 s 11 d tune?
A division being called for ,''leven Senators rose
in the attn mauve.
Mr. CI I ANDLERealled for the yeas and nays,
and 1 hey were ordered.
M i. OH A NDLER. Senators evidently do not
understand this bill. Theie has been no change
tn the compensation of these officers since the year
1831. The collector of the city of Detroit receives
$1 ,G 10 a year, and no more. Detioit ih nearly as
expensive a place to live m as the city of Wash-
ington. The collector of Chicago, 1 think, re-
ceives about the same amount. This will increase
their compensation hy twenty-five per cent, of
their fees. Now, the Secietarv of the Treasuiy
desires that these men shall be placed on an .ex-
actly equal tooling with the collectors 011 the At-
lantic coast, and he recommended the bill as it
jj came to us,planm; them upon a precise par with
d other collectors in the United States; thai is, pla-
cing them 111 thu list of those outside of the lar^e
cities, (who receive a fixed compensation of from
three to six thous-ind dollars,) and said that all
other collectors should receive not to exceed
$3,000, if they earned it. The Secretary of the
Treasury deemed it to be but just that these col-
lectors should be placed upon an exact equality
and upon tiie same footing with the collectors of
the Atlantic coast. Now, if gentlemen see fit to
\o(e against that, let them do it; I do not care, it
13 a very small matter, and 1 am not here to beg
for twenty-five per cent, on fees.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will ask
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce if
there are not reductions made in some of the ports
in order to equalize the matter?
Mr. CHANDLER. Some of the ports have
been cutoff and consolidated. It is but a small
matter, however, to talk much about.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Can the
chairman tell us how much it increases the ex-
pendituie in the aggregate?
Mr. CHANDLER. It docs not increase the
expense one dollar.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish merely to say that I
think in this matter I cannot err if 1 follow the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce and the
Secretary of the Treasury, both of whom are sup-
posed to be conversant with the matter.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commeice how it
happened that the Secretary confined his recom-
mendation, or the committee their bill, to the offi-
cers on the lakes, and did not include those on
the Mississippi river.
: Mr. CHANDLER. Because the act of 1831
| specified that these collectors on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers should
receive the amount received the year previous,in
1830, of salaries and fees; and theie has been no
change in the compensation of these men since
1831, and they have been in a separate and dis-
tinct list since 1831, and almost starved to death.
Mr. KING. I suggest that this bill lie over
until the morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let them vote it down
now. It is of no account.
Mr. KING. I move that it be postponed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would rather have a vote
on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York moves to postpone the further
consideration of this bill. That motion is in order.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move now to take up
Senate bill No. 203.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
203) to amend an act entitled "An act to < icate
'Additional collection districts in the State of Ctdi-
foriiia and to change the ex istin*; d is 1 nets therein,
and to modify the existing collection districts in
the United States," approved September 28,3S50,
' was read a second time, and considered as 111 Com-
mittee of the Whole. It -proposes to repeal so
much of the act to which it is amendatory as es-
tablishes collection districts in California at So-
noma, San Joaquin, and Saciamento,and that the
territory compnsmg those districts shall be at-
tached to the district of San Francisco for collec-
tion purposes. The Piesid^Pl, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, is to appoint an
inspector of customs at the port of Bentcia, Cal-
ifornia, who shall be ailowed a compensation of
$3 75 per day. The compensation allowed to the
col led 01s of tiie customs at San Die^o, Monterey,
San Pedio, and Santa Baibrua, California, the
sin veyor of customs at the port of Santa Barbara,
and of the insqjectois of customs at Santa Cruz
and San Luis Obispo, is to be $1,000 pei annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
explanation fiom the chairman. I presume it is
all right.
Mr. CHANDLER. The explanation is, that
it makes certain changes in the distucts in Cali-*
forma, which I think reduce the expenses of col-
lection about sixteen thousand dollars a year. It
is recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; it was lead the third time, and passed.
PROPICItTY IX INSURRECTIONAltr DISTRICTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to resume the
consideration of Senate bill No. 544, to provide
for the collection of abandoned property, for the
purchase of staph s, and for the prevention of
frauds in insurrectionary districts within the Uni-
ted States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was the
bill pending at the time of the recess, and is now
before the Senate as 111 Committee of the Whole,
thequestion being on the motion of the Senator
fiom Missouri, [Mr. Wilson,] to strike out the
second and third sections, upon which the yeas
and nays were oidered. The Senator from Ken-
tucky was addressing the Senate at the time of the
recess. The Chair will inquire of the Senator if
he had concluded his remarks.
Mr. DAVIS. I had about got through my re-
marks; but since the recess I have drawn up a
section which I will read, and which I intend to
offer in the form of an additional section to the bill:
,dndbc it further cuaded. That if any officei of the Unl-
