1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
could not be enforced in any court against any-
private cilizen.
Mr. COWAN. Will my friend from Ohio an-
swer tins question: is it not much more likely that
an unfounded claim will be got through the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives, where the
suitor is at liberty to electioneer and solicit every
judge in each House, than if Jt were put into a
court where he is not allowed to solicit any of the
judges?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly; and that is
the reason why the Coin t of Claims was founded.
It was to protect the Government against un-
founded claims. I voted tor the establishment of
the court on that ground. It was to protect the
Government, to place between the claimant and
the Government some tribunal that would exam-
ine into the facts. Since I have been a member
of Congress, I have seen passed, hurtiedly and
hastily, claims of ahuming magnitude, which
afterwards proved to be fiauds, and which, by an
examination, could be shown to be frauds. To
detect this class of claims the Court of Claims
was established; and it has produced good re-
sults. The Senator from New Hampshire has
already stated them. They have stopped, in the
j tribunal would have been to take a large sum
! from the Treasury of the United States, which
the House of Representatives, after an examina-
tion of the law, determined, and, I believe, with
the concurrence of the Senate, was not a valid and
just claim. A single claim sometimes presented
1 to the Court of Claims, where the amount of the
claim may not be one hundred dollars, may yet
involve a principle which will absorb large sums;
and as we are here placed as the guardians of the
people over the public Treasury, as the Consti-
tution provides that no money shall be paid out
of the Treasury except by'an appropriation made
by law, I say we ought not to surrender this con-
stitutional check upon the money of the people.
It js designed in all Governments that the legis-
lative power shall control the expenditure of
money, and our Constitution carefully guards that
power, not only in Congress but in the House of
Representatives. No money can be taken fiom
the Treasury except m pursuance of law.
Nor should we by a law place it in the power
of the Court of Claims, a tubunal of our own cre-
ation, to take money from the Treasury without
an appropriation. To do so, it seems to me, would
be to overthrow the fundamental principle upon
course of their investigation, many fraudulent ji which this power is founded ; that is, that no nion-
and disjionest claims. The question heie is, ! ey shall be taken fiom theTicasury except in^pur-
howevcr, whether we can throw the Treasury of
the United States open to the decisions of any
tribunal in the woild. Take a ceiiam ciass of
claims, like the French spoliation claims, which
are some sixty yeais o'd: would you refer all the
claims that have giown up in the history ofsome
eighty years, wlure the Witnesses are dead, and
the pai ties in interest havtP p  obably preserved j
only the testimony on thoii side, while the Gov- ji
eminent has no protection, to a com t ? ;
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me, j
under this law they cannot r*-ach the Court of ,
Claims. A case must,go there by the express ac- j
tion of Congress before it can be taken up there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Bat all claims growing out (
of contracts made leach the court without coming j
"'Mr. TRUMBULL. Not out of treaties. j
Mr. SHERMAN. Not out of treaties, but out^ j
of contracts. 1 merely cite tins as an instance of (
claims growing out of contracts. I will give you |
another case. We ore now expending in tie- quar-
termaster's derailment «,250,Q00,000 a yeai; and
theie a multitude of claims must nccessai ily ai iso.
The magnitude is so gieat as to startle one. i he
expenses of a single Department ot the Govern
nient are three or four times the entne annual ex-
penses of the Go\ernmcnt m former times. In
the administration of this Department there will
be a multitude of cltims. The evidence to protect
the Government may not be preserved. A oiaun
may be presented to the Court of Claims that will
pass that tribunal; the Couit of Claims may even
have doubt of its justice, yet they must decide on
the papers bcfoie them; and the party is inter-
ested on one side to present all the testimony he
can, and the Government may not be able to fur-
nish the testimony on the other side. 1 say, there-
fore, that around this class ,of claims we must
throw moie guards than we should aiound claims
growing up between individuals. It is our duty^
to protect the Government against this class of
claims.
Mr. President, if you throw open the Treasury
of the United States to the judgments of tins tri-
bunal without any limitation, except on appeal
to the Supreme Court, you may have annually
absorbed fiom your Treasury five, ten, or even
twenty million dollars. Why, sir, one single de-
cision of the Court of Claims, whei e the amount
of the claim was only eighty dollars, would have
involved an expendi'ine of $5,000,000, as was
shown in the House of Representatives. I speak
of the case as to the const! action of the law gi ant-
il)g pensions to the widows ot revolutionary sol- i
diers. The special case brought betorothe Court j
of Claims involved only, I believe, an annuity of j
some eighty-four (ioilais a year, and yet the de- i
cision of the Court ot Claims, rendeied in that i
ease on the construction of an act of Congress, j
would have involved the expend itui c of some four j
or five million dollais; and upon subsequent ex- ;
animation of the law, and uf the histoty of the j
law, the House of Representatives lefuscd to m- j
dorse the decision of the Court of Claims. Theie j
was a casu where the result of a decision of this 1
Ruancc of an appropriation made by law. Theie
must bo hot merely a law, but there must be an
appropriation by Congi'ess. Here wc propose to
transfer to a Court of Claims created by us, a
court sitting during life, with no checks, the power
to take an unlimited amount of money from the
Treasuiy without our knowledge and withoutany
ynpropi ution by law. It seems to me that this
would be a dangerous example, and especially is
it dnngei ous now. The war has made a multitude
ofclaims against, the Government; we shall not be
so r'rii as we have been in times past: we cannot
be so lavish of money; and we must from neces-
sity guntd the Treasury fiom any loose legisla-
tion. The claims that will be presented to this
Couit of Claims will probably be greater in
amountand more multitudinous in character than
the cases before the Supreme Court and ail the cir-
cuit and district coui tsof the United States. Now,
shall we allow the decisions of this suboidmate
ti ibunnl to be final against the United States, and
allow it to appropriate money without any legis-
lation fiom us, without any supervision whatever
from Congress? It is a power that has never been
conferral on the Supreme Court of the United
States; it is a power t hat has ne\ er been conferred
upon any tribunal. Those who have gone before
us would never intrust this power even in the
highest tribunal known to our law. Shall we now
in these times, when this power is more dangei ous
than ever, intrust it to a tribunal of five judges,
an mfeiior tubunal, a tubunal that will be com-
posed of politicians appointed to hold their office
during good behavior?
I am not in favor of such a proposition. Al-
though, by denying to private claimants this final
decision by the Court of Claims, we may do them
some injustice, although cases of injustice may
arise, yet the danger irorn this power is greater
far than any injustice that an indn idual may suf-
fer. 1 iielie\c Congress is always willing logivc
to the decisions of the Court of Claims a fair at-
tention. If these cases are brought before us
and submitted to oar examination, unless there
are substantial objections made to the judgment
of the Court of Claims, it wnl be held to he final.
But, sn, we ought  .e\vr to sunonder our power
at any time to conltol and check the appropria-
tion of money. it seems to me, therefore, that
aU the jrond which can result from this bill will
be accomplished by confining the jurisdiction of
the (.ourt, probably, to the ciasses of cases em-
braced ft) the bill, and giving the same effect to
their judgments that vou do to those ot the old
Com t of Claims. That was a tribunal organized to
protect the Government againstdishonestelaims.
Then let these decisions come before Congress
for final act) on. Unless tins Iuti i tation be i m posed
on the court, it will be very dangerous; indeed,
it will be a tubunal constantly liable to eiror—a
tubunal cxeinsmg a most dangerous and alarm-
ing powei, one that I would nut invest in any
raoi tal man.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think the as-
sumption of the at gu men t is entirely unwarranted.
It is not true that m passing this bill we abandon
our guardianship of the Treasury, or that we sur-
render the Treasury of the people to be plundered
to an unlimited extentby claimants. On the con-
trary, the question is, whether this is not the best
way to protect the Treasury; whether this is not
the best way to protect the rights of the people,
of whom we are the guardians as well as we arc of
the Treasury. I intend to vote for it for these rea-
sons. I think the Treasury will be a great deal
safer when the claimant is required to have the
sanction of this coui t to his claim before it ispatd,
than if there were no court, than if the judgment ,
of the court was not final, because if the judgment
is not final he will not go there. I think, too, vve
are keeping a sharper eye upon the exchequer in
this way, than we would by allowing the claimant
to lobby his claim through Congress, and to engi-
neer it here as he best can. i do not see that it
involves in the slightest any abandonment of our ,
guardianship of the Treasury or any surrender of
our right over it. At the same time, I think it
will be calculated to protect both the rights ot the
people and the Treasury of the people.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it seems to
me that my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
mistakes altogether the effect of this amendment.
Where the claimant goes to this court, and the
case is decided against him, the decision is final.
It is only when a case is decided against the Treas-
ury, that we want to reserve the power to make
the appropriation to pay the judgment.
Mr. COWAN. Then my Wnd will allow me
to ask whether anybody would go into a court in
which the chances were not equal. He says if
the court decides against a man, the decision is
final, but if against the Government, it is not.
Mt. DOOLITTLE. Will my honorable fi iend
allow me to tell him that no Government on earth
puis itself on an equality with an individual before
its courts of justice, and suffers itself to be sued?
There may be some States, perhaps, in the Union
that have done so by special constitutional pro-
vision; but let me tell my honorable fiiend that
one of the amendments to the Constitution of die
United States was brought about because the Su-
preme Court assumed to say that a State might
be made a paity in that court. That was a doc-
trine which could not be endured at that time, in
the early history of this Government, and there-
fore the Constitution was amended to forbid the
Supreme Couit taking tiny such jurisdiction. It
was because the Stale does not allow itself to go
into courts of justice with individuals to litigate
ji claims, where all the world knows that the sym-
II pathics are always with the individual and against
|i the Government. I do not say that there are not
i1 some States that have allowed it; they may, per-
haps, in some form, have provided that suits may
! be brought; but it is an innovation which ought
not to be tolerated.
Gentlemen seem to distrust the Congresses
which may follow us, as if a subsequent Congress
would be unwilling to make appropriations to
pay the claims found due by the Com t of Claims,
and, on appeal, by the Supterne Court of the Uni-
ted States. Sir, I trust to the fidelity of thcsccourts;
I trust, also, to the fidelity of the Congresses
that may follow us; but I believe that, under the
Constitution of the United States we have not
the right to make the United States a party to a •
suit at law. Iruhose States where that is toler-
ated, it is only by their own constitutional pro-
visions, which give the Legislatures power to pro-
vide that the State may be sued m a court of
law. It is only by the constitutional provisions
of those States, which declare that the Legislature
may provide that the State may he sued m courts
of law, that this power can be exercised by the
Legislature against the State. The Constitution
of the United States gives us no such power. It
seems to me that we can make these courts use-
ful if we send ail claims to them, and do not tol-
erate them in Congress until they come through
the courts. .
Mr. IVesident, I will give you a little piece of
history m relation to one claim, and it is one of,
I think, two puwite claims with which 1 have ever
hod any paiticulur connection since I have boon
u member of Congress, and my experience in tnis
one is such as to make me 4ook with very great
suspicion upon three fourths, yes, sir, nine tenths,
of all these pretended private claims against the
Government of the United States. It seems that
one George Fisher, residing in Alabama, in 1813
