1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ted Piute*- Armyt-bnli engage in plum^rm'j 01 secretins* the
pi opt'i fv of individuals, or - hall ens? lire directly or mdiroctlj'
in the bu\ me, sellnm,oi bartering in cotton, sugar, tobacco,
or any otlu r commodity whatevei, lie j-liail be Ueld to be
guilty of a !i.« h military oflciM', and fhal! therefor be dis-
missed from the service, and bo forever incapable of hold-
ing any office, place, or contract in the service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending-
question is cm the motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri to strike out the second and third sections
, of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. One single word. I think
these sections should not be stricken out. There
are two object to be attained Hum the action of
those sections. One is to save the cotton and other
property; the other to make the.se people loyal, and
it is to hold out an inducement to them to be loyal.
If, as our armies advance, they are certain that
all of their cotfon would be seized, they would
naturally burn it; but if they became satisfied that
what they reserved, what they contrived to hide,
what they saved to themselves would be pur-
chased at a fair compensation after the advance
of our armies, they would naturally try to save
th eir property.
Then, again, let a rebel put our greenbacks in
his pocket and he has an interest in the Govern-
ment, he has our money which purchases his ne-
cessary supplies, and, in my judgment, the tend-
ency would be to satisfy these people and bring
them back to t heir allegiance.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to ask the Senator
wheiher (hey arc limited to the list named in the
sccond section?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest that the
article of wool should be inserted.
Mr. CHANDLER. There are very few sheep
there.
Mr.POMEROY. In Texasand in New Mex-
ico it is as much an object to secure wool as to
secure cotton, and if you go into buying cotton I
would go into the purchase of wool.
^ Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
rise, Mr. Pnsident, to discuss the amendment
pending. I rise aim ply to say a word m repaid
to the remaiks made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky in relation to Gemual Butler. I legrctted
very much to hear that Senator denounce General
Butler on this floor in language that, if deserved,
ought to banish him from society, from the ser-
vice of the country, and from the association of
all honorable men. I believe that theScnator from
Kentucky is wholly mistaken in what helms said
in regaid to Geneiul Butler. General Butler at
New Orleans, 1 behove, had no personal connec-
tion with any of those matters of which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky 'complains. General Busier
turned ovei to General Banks nearly three quar-
ters of a million dollars worth of piopeity when
he left theie that the United States had not fur-
nished him. Previous to that he had sent three
quarters of a million dollars to the Treasury of
the United States. He had supported some thirty
thousand white citizens of Louisiana for months,
and ten or fifteen thousand colored poisons. He
had made assessments upon men in hostility to
this Government. In other wonls, he had estab-
lished Older at New Oilcans, nod he had sup-
ported the Government of the United States and
enforced its authority, and he had made the ene-
mies of the counti y contribute to ir. t do not be-
lieve that General Butler ever made a farthing at
New Orleans, or ever attempted to do so. On the
contraiy, theie is the best evidence in the world
to believe that he never did, and that the contri-
butions which he levied in New Orleans went to
support the poor, starving people of that city, both
black and white, and pot nons of it wnt into the ]
Treasury of the United States; and when he set- 'j
tied here the other day with the Government of j'
the United States he turned over to that Govern- \\
mem, including what he had turned over to Gen- ''
era! Banks, nearly a million and a half of dollars. ;!
Sti,no man in tins war has comprehended the j!
condition of the countiy, and has acted with that !'
vigor and that energy necessary to suppress this :
lebellion, with more eminent ability than has Gen- i
eral Butler, and [ Ihink honorable Senators should
not join m the work of detraction.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, i have no dispo-
sition to assail unjustly General Butler or any
other officer of the United States. Oil the con-
trary, there is not a man m the service or out of
the service against whom such imputations have
been made that I would not be greatly gratified by
his ability wholly to exculpate himself. But, Mr.
President, i have heard time and again, and it has
come up in one unbroken and continued voice
from the city of New Orleans, that General Butler
is an oppressor and a plunderer. Why did Gen-
eral Butler take his brother there, a hanger-on of
Ins army and attending his movements? How
came General Butler's brother to grow so sud-
denly rich r How came he and another individual
to be in possession of the largest and mosfvalu-
ablc property in Louisiana, the Millaudon estate,
worth $3,000,000 before these difficulties com-
menced? How is it that a corps of soldiers was
taken from the Army to hold General Butler and
his confederate or partner in the possession of that
valuable estate? All these facts are stated m the
public prints. How is it that every man who
comes up from New Orleans denounces General
Butler as porcine in his bearing and a plunderer
in his practices? How happened it that Mr. Broth-
er, a gentleman of high character and high po-
sition, came to this city a few weeks ago making
complaint against General Butler, and arraigning
him specifically for having broken into a safe and
carried offhis valuable plate, and gutted his house
of its expensive furniture, worth twenty or thirty
thousand dollars?
1 stated that these were the grounds upon which
I charged General Butler. He may be an inno-
ccntman. If the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself get back here at the next session, I will
ask for a committee to investigate the conduct of
General Butler; and if he can pass through an
investigation and come out like pure gold, un-
spotted , unalloyed, but burnished and all resplen-
dent, I, for one, will be gratified. But I believe,
upon the faitli of everything that I have heard,
that General Butler has acted the part which I im-
puted to him in the remarks which I made before
the recess in his admimstiation in Louisiana and
m New Orleans. But I hope, sir, that the time
may come when General Butler can be freed from
these imputations, if he be an innocent man. If
he be guilty, there will be no peison more will-
ing to pursue him and punish him for his guilt,
and to fix the infamy of it upon him, than I.
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky, in what hesays of General
Butler, states it upon heaisay, upon newspaper
paragraphs, upon charges made by men who un-
questionably hate Geneial Butler because he has
been an efficient officer in suppressing this rebel-
lion. If the Senator had called for a committee,
if he had made an examination, and if he hod
fixed upon General Butlei anything which he
charges, I would be ihe last man here to i i:5e and
defend him; for, sir, if a man who js m the civil
or military service of the country takes a farthing,
one poor scruple that does not belong to him,
from the Government or from any man, he de-
serves to be banished from the service of this
country with the brtfnd of dishonor stamped on
his brow.
Sir. General Butler is charged at New Orleans
with acts of oppiesMon and of jobbery. That he
acted with vigor, that he suppressed the tumult-
uous and traitorous demonstrations of the peo-
ple of New Orleans, that he fully established the
authority of the Government, is everywhere ad-
mitted. That he sunported tens of thousands of j
the poor people of that city who were starving '
is also admitted. That he levied contributions j
upon the rich and traitorous men who were dis- j
tuibmg society and attempting to overthrow the !
Govu nttieru of the country is admitted. But that j
a dollar of this money went into his pocket J do '
not believe; and I am confident all the charges of I
that kind against him are wholly and gratuitously 1
false. Afier he had been in New Orleans a few :
weeks, stori'-s came to him that persons with the 1
umfoim of the United States upon them weie en- [
tering hous-.s, were taking property, stealing sil- 1
vor-ware, committing robberies and depredations. >
For many days he sought to find out what sol- !
di"rs weie engaged in these scenes of plunder. ,
I-Ie found five men with the uniform of the Uni- ■'
ted States upon them who were going from house
to house; and he afterwards ascertained that they i!
had entered nearly twenty dwellings and com- 1
muted these robberies. Two of them, i believe, i'
were soldiers who luid gone our with him; two
were citizens of New Oilcans; and one of them 'j
was many years ago a police officer in the city of I!
Boston, who had gone to New Orleans. Those
men were arrested,and brought before Genera]
Butler. On^ of them turned State's evidence, an*}
four of those men in forty-eight hours were exe?
cuted for those acts. That was bisection. " No*
by the action of any court or jury, but as a gen*
eral commanding, he had four of those men hung
in the city of New Orleans for committing these
outrages upon the citizens of that city. The peo-
ple there said he would not do it because he had
caught some of his own men. He had hung a
man who had torn down the flag of the country,
and the city was in tumult. They said he would
not dare do that; but he did dare do it. When
he caught some of his own men committing these
robberies, he sentenced them to death. They said
he would not dare execute them. He did execute
them. General Butler belongs to the race of r en
that dare do what they think is their duty.
I believe,upon myconscience,thatthesecharges
made against General Butler are not founded in
fact. I hope that,at the nextsession of Congress,
the Senator from Kentucky will redeem the prom-
ise he has made here to-night; for, after what he
has said in regard to General Butler, I think he
owes it to the Senate and to the country to do it.
Let him investigate the conduct of General Butler,
and if the facts be as he charges, there is no man
in this body who will go further than I sli^ll to
brand htm; but I think we ought to be careful
before we assail men in the service of the country
on those statements made by traitors or sympa-
thizers with traitors.
Let me say one thing to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, which he knows is true: there is not a
man in this war, in military or civil life, who has
toiled night and day and has been animated with
a spirit of fidelity to the country, who has not
been slandered and lied down if possible. The
man who is vigorous against the rebels, who
stands up for his country through sunshine and
stoim, is surrounded and followed by slander and
denunciation; and General Butler has notescaped,
and there are others, both in civil and military
life, who share it with him. We are living jn a
time of detraction and criticism and denuncia-
tion of every man who is standing by the flag of
the country and the cause of the country.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I fully concede
the truth of one of the last positions of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts; and that is,
the unjust and atrocious manner in which men
who have signally served their country have been
aspersed and slandered. It may be that General
Butler is an example; I do not, however, believe
it. I know that there is one bright, illustrious
instance; and he is General George B. McClellan.
[Manifestations of applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order!
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator says that
if 1 had applied for a committee to investigate the
conductofGeneral Butlerhe would have promptly
and cmdtally voted for it. Mr. President, at the
last session of Congress there came up complaints
almost without number against Adjutant General
Thomas for disloyalty and oppression and abuse
of official power. I believed then, and I believe
now, that in the beginning of this war he sympa-
thized with treason and the traitors. I hfheved
then, and I believe now, that for his opportunities
he was guilty of as much abuse and oppressive
abuse of power as any man in the service of his
country. On two occasions 1 asked for a com-
mittee to investigate the conduct of the Adjutant
General; and on each occasion the Senator from
Massachusetts objected, and the resolution was
laid on the table.
Sir, I am not one of those who delight in slan-
der or in pulling down a pure and elevated char-
acter. No, sir; no. The man who truthfully and
nobly and proudly wins his way to high distinc-
tion and place has my admiration; and instead of
exciting in me the corrosive influence of envy or
detraction, it is to me a source of high and sin-
ceie giatilication. It is in that spirit that I have
contemplated the laurels and the fame that have
been won by so many of our military and naval
officers; and highest upon the roll is Geoige B.
McClellan. But my admiration for him—and he
is a stranger tome—my confidence in his mditary
services and capacity would never prompt me,
because he had been calumniated, to disparage
one particle any other man.
If the honorable Senator had not intervened
