THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0. ;
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 22,, 1863.
New Series No. 26.
it; and when made by them it ought to be entitled
to more credit and force and have more weight in
the tribunal before which it was made; and it
would give greater security, I think, to the Gov-
ernment, I only wish to get it so guarded as to
afford adequate protection to the Government,
without unnecessarily and improperly embarrass-
ing the claimant in the prosecution of his claim.
I believe I will retain the motion and take the sense
of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves, in the thud line of section
thirteen, to strike out the words, " his agent or
attorney."
The amendment was rejected
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is in order, I desire to
offer an amendment as an additional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. My amendment is:
Jlnd be it further enacted. That it shall be a hat to any
petition or claim hereafter presented to the Couit of Oann^
that six yeais have elap«ed .«u cc f-ueh claim accrued oi he-
came due or payable, and whenever Mich lap>e ol time ap-
pears on the hcaung of such claim, it >h.iil he di-im--i>ed.
Mi*. TRUMBULL. That provision is in the
bill already. On the 9th page, in section eleven,
it is provided:
That every claim against the United State?, cognizable
by the C'ouit ol Claims, shall be foiever ban eel unless the
petition, setting imth a r-tatemeut of the claim, be tiled m
the couit or tian-mitted to it, uudei the pioviMou'- oi this
act, within six yeans aftei the claim fntt aceiue&.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all right. I did
not observe that section. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Illinois, for information, whether that would be
exactly just.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a proviso as to
certain cases that will, perhaps, cover what the
Senator is at.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not; I remember
the proviso. There are eases, there have been
many cases here in which the parties have been
pursuing their claims before Confess for years;
sometimes they have been passed by one blouse,
and sometimes by the other, but never by both
Houses at the same session. Wheie they have
been following up their claims before Congress,
and have actually presented them here, I do not
think they should be barred from going before the
Court of Claims.
Mr. TRUA1RULL. If the Senator will look
at the bill he will find that three years arc allowed
for all cases heretofore in existence. There is a
pro viso:
"Thai claims which have hitherto acciued shall not be
haired if the petition be filed in tlx.' comr. oi tiansmiftod
as afoiesaidj within three years, alter the pii^ncre of this
act.''1
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would meet my
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
' recurs on the amendment moved by the Senator
from Iowa to strike out the whole of the original
bill after the enacting clause, and to insert, as a
substitute, a ptv'ikion fur the repeal of the law
establishing the Court of Claims.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only a word to say in
advocacy of the pr iposmon which I have sub-
mitted to the Senate. Up to 18.35, from th"ioun-
dation of the Government, we got along very well
without any Com t of Chums. A pies-aav at that
time was made upon Congnss by winch it was
induced to pass the law establishing the pitseuf
tribunal, known as the Court of Chums. It has
not worked well; it has m>i unswei t- d the ex pi eta-
lions of those who sought its establifehisv.'nt and
who voted to establish U. Now, l-ke all other
tribunals that have over exiskd mi the fa:e oi the
earth, it is attempting to draw to it a huger end
more conclusive jurisdiction: and we liase a biU
before us which, in my estimation, \ mmail y puts
theTieasury of the United States m tin* hand o!
this Court of Claims; ay, sir, \iitua iv puts it
under the control of the attorney of th-Unhed
States in the Court of Churns. A conupt ma-
jority of that court can decide any cose in favor
26
of a claimant, and unless the attorney who has
been appointed by the Government to advocate
the interests of the United States before that court,
as I understand the bill, chooses to take an tip-
peal from their decision, the United States is for-
ever foreclosed by the judgment; and whatever
that may be, we are bound", under a subsequent
provision of the bill, to make an appiopriation
for if.
Now, sir, I chooseto put myself upon the rec-
ord against this Court of Claims entirely. I
would rather go back and stand where we were in
! 1855, before it was established, than to progress
j under the direction and influence of the Senator
i from Illinois, and give this extraordinary juris-
| diction to this tribunal. I have heard of no coun-
. try where such a jurisdiction is conferred upon
j any tribunal. If you confer this jurisdiction now,
! it will not be five years—(hey will not wait eight
; years, as they have in tins instance, from 1855 to
! 3863—it will nut be seven years, Mr, President,
| before the judges, the a'torneys, the clerks, and
j the claiman's before the Court of Claims will be
j just as clamorous at the doors of Congress torx-
| "tend the jurisdiction of that court, as they arc to-
I day. I do not expect that the proposition I have
I offeied will be adopted. I fancy that I can see
I wheie this thing is about to lead; I fancy that 1
i can see where it will end; 1 think 1 can imagine
J correctly what will be the results of the bill, if
j passed into a law; and I choose to put myself on
1 the record m regard to it.
j Air. HALE. I offer the following amendment
' as an additional section to the bill:
j .-2/a' I<" \t tut Hip, rut/rfriL That whenevet any allegation
' in the pennon i-- denied by the otnc< i lepiesenting tue Gov
| eminent, the petuionei shall be entitled to a tual by juty.
j The amendment was rejected.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
| recurs on the amendment proposed by the Senator
i from Iowa.
| Air. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
; tint.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
i Air. FESSENDEN 1 merely wish to say, on
: this question, that I am content with the Court of
i Claims as it is. I th'i'k H is and has been of very
; gre.it ufo to the Government m investigating
j claims; and I shall be perfectly willing to have it
remain as it is, with some slight modifications; but
| I consider tins bill to be fitmghtwirh such ex-
j ceudmg danger that, rather than pass it, \ should
I prefer "to abolish the com t altogether, and for that
i reason, and as I see an appaient determination to
; pas* the bill, I shall vote for the motion of the
; Senator from Iowa.
| Mr. FOSTER. We have been engaged upon
! this bill almo.st three hours, and it seems to me
! we are furihm fiom the question upon its passage
i than we were when we began. I move to lay the
; b'll upon the table, and upon that question 1 ask
; for tlio yeas and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
: Air. fSlJMNER. 1 should vote m the negative
on this question but that I have paired olf with
; the Senator from Iowa, who is now absent,
i The question bemg taken by yeas and nays
! upon the motion of Mr. Foster, resulted—yeas
\'l, nays "}2; as follows:
\ r\s—Mc-mv Cham'h i. Iioohttic. Fc^enden. Fo^tei,
, Gimil'-. 11.ii . lln.t'.in'i. km;.', Mouill. ^heiman, Wibou oi
..Ua- ae| iw?N, and \v i uln—!•-).
Ai ,— i- Amh'iM Vnoid. r,iovuunL\Okuk.roI-
lU'i'i. ''("'Wan, Dix11!!. i'o')'. liaiii>, {lendci^on,
: 11 a k--. Lam ot i\.ui-a-, t'oinrna, I'ow ell. luce, Ten Eyek,
■ 'i i uiiduili, Wadi', Wilkinson, and \\ ih on ot Mis-'-oiiu-—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote shows
I the b' iv.te to bo without a quorum.
Air. Ii *\LE. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Air. TRUAiPULL. On that motion I ask for
tln-j y<'C'S I'iOfJ na\ s.
The yeas ami navs werf ordered, and being
tak'*n resulted—yeas 5, nays 29, namely:
YX s.-* Mc-si-. Poniittle, r.-ot, Hale. ond
WlSfsl Of 31 1—O
XA\'S—Me^rs. Awhoiu. Arnold, Browning. Chandler,
Clatk, CoJkiiwi, Onv.ui, Davis, Dixon, Fcsseuden. I o'-ter,
Jlauhair Iruris Hiek^. Howatd, King, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pnmeroy, P<nveU, Kiee, Sherrnnn, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Tiumlmll, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wright—29.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but this division shows still
the want of a quorum.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Sergeant-ai>*
Arms be directed to request the attendance of th<l
absent members of the Senate.
Air. TRUMBULL, Before that motion is pat,
I will state that I understand there are two or three
Senators in the building.
Air. CLARK. Let him ask them to come in.
Air. TRUMBULL. Very well. One Senator
who is absent now, was here not five minutes ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to request the attendance of absent members*
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is anything to be gained
by that course ? Are we to stay here until the
Scrgea nt-at-A rms goes out into the city and invites
members to come in?
Several Senators. Certainly.
Air. COLLAMER. Are we to wait for him?
Is that the business we are on here?
Air: CLARK. We cannot do anything.
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall not ad jo ui n, but slay here until four o'clock,
and le.t it be understood that we have to wait and
are delayed in the transaction of the public busi-
ness because members of the Senate are absent.
I think we ought to stay here and do our duty.
Something of this kind is necessary to manifest
to members of the Senate the importance of being
heie at ali times.
Air. HALE. I concur entirely in the views
presented by the Senator from Massachusetts;
but I do not know what my duty is when I am
here in a minority, without a quorum.
Air. GRIMES. Wait until tho others come in.
All. HALE. There is nothing we can do.
All. DOOLITTLE. There is but one thing we
can do; and that is to adopt the motion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] direct-
ing the Sergeant-at-Aims to request the absentees
to appear, or else adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
has been earned, and the Scrgeant-at-Arms is ex-
ecuting the order of the Senate.
Mr. C0LLAA1ER, (after a pause.) I would
rather be doing something here besides waiting.
Now I think that if gentlemen who absent them-
selves can be by any means affected with any
proper considetation, it would result from the fact
that we had been compelled to adjourn because
they would not attend, and not to wait here doing
nothing at all, thus adding to the importance of
those gentlemen who choose to stop the business
of the countiy. Let th'-m understand that we had
to go home on'account of their absence; and then
sec if they will hereafferabsent themselves. I pro-
test against this waiting, and I move that the Sen*
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 20, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyestcrday wes read and approved,
BOKEAU OF STATISTICS.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a com-
munication from tho Secretaiy of the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the House, relative^to
the expediency of establishing a Bureau of Statis-
tics in connection with the Department ot the In-
tenor; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and oidered to be prmted.
FINANCES OK TIIE GOVERNMENT.
TheSPEAKERstated the first question in order
to be the unfinished business of yesterday, beinga
motion to refer to 9 joint committee of five mem*
