402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
bersof the House and four members of the Senate
the message of the President of the United States
notifying the House that he had signed the bill au-
thorizing the additional issue of ^100,000,000 of
Treasury notes for the immediate payment of the j
f Army and Navy, and making recommendations !
in reference to the finances of the Government, j
- On seconding the demand for the previous ques- I
lion no quorum voted. 1
Mr.WASHBURNE. I withdraw the demand i
for the previous question. j
Mr. Speaker, 1 thought that it was due to the i
President of the United States and to the Secretary j
of the Treasury that the pending message should :
be referred toaspecial jointcommittee. I thought j
it should go to a committee which had not pre- 1
judged the matter, as it is well understood that
the Committee of Ways and Means have done, j
I did not suppose that any member of the Com- ;
mittee of Ways and Means would object to the
reference of this message to a select committee or '
to any other committee; for it will be seen that, ;
under the circumstances, to refer the message to ,
the Committee of Ways and Means would be
like " putting a child out to an unfriendly guard-
ian." I do not mean to make any reflection
upon that committee. Itis with the motives stated
that I made the motion to refer. Of cum go, it
would commit nobody to the scheme which is
proposed to vote in favor of the reference. The
reference was intended to insure for it only a fair
and just consideration. Prom the indications of the
House last evening, it would appear that there id :
an indisposition on the paitof the House to refer
this matter to a select committee; and as there is
a bill now before the House,! withdiaw my mo- ;
tion, and move that the message be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed; and on that motion 1 demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the motion was agreed to.
PRESTON BOND.
Mr. WICKL1FFE by unanimous consent in-
troduced thefoilowmg resolution; which was read, j
considered, and referred to the Committee of;
Claims: j
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims investigate and j
report, by bill or otherwise, on the claim of I'icstou Uouil <
tor clothing lurniahotl to United States voluntceis. I
POSTAL AMD MILITARY HO AD TO NEW YORK.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, asked unanimous
consent to introduce the following ievolutions:
Rc*olvcJ. Thru ihe «|. 'cin! eo'imiiilee on the eon-rue;!tun
of a postal and miltlai v load between this etty and the city
of New Yotiv be autl;i>: i/,e<l to scud loi pi'tr'on.-< ami paper.-*
awl e.vnmuu: ^ iiue>.->e-, timiei o ti'i i.n [lie jui. pon- ot a-eei-
tamili!? lilfi Iilobalihi OO-I of ;lie entMi ii'Mion oi load,
awl the pto.un.uie receipt-* <•* e\|>te^> eomp.lines fiom the
United unci otii'-r-ouMv--, lot eonnnod.ne- and me—
«nge  earned over t'ie hno of loads now concluded be-
tween the points above Mated.
Resolved, Tliat>ael ( oumnttee have leave to import at auv
time.
Mr. F. A. COCKLING. I ask the gentleman ;
to modify his rcsolution by inserting after the
words 44 construction of said road," the words,
" on the moat feasible route."
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 will accept the
modification suggested.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman to
strike out the last resolution, or 1 .shall object to
the reception.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope the gen-
tleman will not insist upon ihat, for the time of the
session seems to be so mpitliy expiring tliat such
power may be necessary, while it cannot mturi'eie
very tnueh with other business.
Mr. PENDLETON. I shall object unless that
is stiickeu out. " i
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I will strike !
out the last tesolution, and ask that the fuse n s- ,
olution be adopted. ;
No objection being made, the resolution, as !
modified, was icceivcd and adopted. j
REFERENCE OF PAPERS, ETC. .
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, by unanimous '
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rexohed, That a letter fioai Bu^adier General B.I?. Kel-
ly, addre^ed to Major General MfiOieJlan; a letter from
General Kelly to Major General ilalloeK ; and a leuer iron}
Lieutenant Colonel GahrlolE. Porter to General Kelly con-
cerning the means best adapted to the protection of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad and the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, be punted, and leterred to the Committee oil Militaiy
Affaiis.
LETTY 31. SHAW.
Mr. LAZEAR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the reliefof Letty Maynard Shaw,
widow of Levi Shaw, deceased; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the followingresolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolve% That the Committee on Naval A flams be in-
structed to inquire what action, if any, should be taken
with leferenee to the appointment ot midshipmen to the
Naval Academy by the Seeietaiy of the Navy, as f-tated
in J)i- annual lcpoit.
SLATE AND COOLIE TRADE.
| Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
! the following1 resolution; which was read, consid-
1 ered, and agreed to:
i Revolved* That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to the !f<m-e ot Repu>ciitative> any mt'oiin-
ation, known lo the Department of rfhito, tending to >how
j Ihal.Amcnean voxels, having cleaied imm nny fojeign
j pons tor Afuea, o-,tcnMhiy lor meicautile purpose:*, ha\e
eiiji.t^ed in the Mave t!ade,*o: the coolie tuuje, and to com-
! mmueate to tiio liou^e «.ucl  snygettioiiH for any nece^-aty
i le^i.-l.mon to pit vent s-ueh practice as lies-hall deem expe-
I cheat.
j BANKRUPT LAW.
I Mr. SHEFFIELD. I demand the regular or-
der of business.
I The SPEAKER. The first business in order
: is the unfinished u-poit fiom the committee on a
! bankrupt law, bcim? House bill No. 387, to estub-
: 1 i-sh a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
! the United States. Upon that question the gentle-
man fiom NewYoik [Mr. Roscoe Conklixg] is
entitled to the iloor.
Air SHEFFIELD. I move to postpone the
consideration of that bill for one week.
t Mr. ROSCOECQNIvLTNG. I do notyield for
that pinjio.se. There are several amendments
which I wish to make to the bill which was read,
so as to make if conform to the bill as reported to
the House originally by the committee. I believe
I ha ve mas Led them all here, and I think that, with
one or two exceptions, they are entirely verbal
or else typographical. As the bill which was
read at tiu; Clerk's desk was not correct, I desire,
in whatever may be the sdioitest way, to have
those verbal amendments made. If there be no
objection lo that course, i will suggest the amend-
ments seriatim.
Mr. BINGHAM. As the gentleman huscharge
of the bill, 1 beg leave to fittest that the bill, as
e.oneeied by him, be, with the consent of the
iit.u.se, priufed,so that we may undeistand it. I
make that motion.
Air. ROSCOE CONKLING. I desire to have
the House undeistand that the amendments I
speak of are all in the bill as- reported, but not in
the bill as printed.
No objection being made, the bill, as corrected,
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose now,
if it be the disposition of the House, to fix some
day to which the consideration of this bill may
be postponed, but not to yield the floor to nny
gentleman to make a motion to postpone to some
impossible day, os I perceive my friend on my
left [Mr. Shefi'jl'.ld] desires to do. And I will
relieve his anxiety by saying that 1 will not yield
for that purpose.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I suggested one week
from to-day; and I desire to make that motion.
Air. HOLAIA^S. I object to the gentleman
yielding.
Mr. IIOSCOE CONKUNG. I will not yield,
but will make die motion myself, and gratify the
genth-mun from Indiana. I will move, then, to
postpone the fnrtherconsidc ration of this bill until
a week from to-day, after the morning hour; and
upon that motion 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. HOLM AN. In order to test the sense of
the House, I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Has not that motion al-
ready been once put?
The SPEAKER. Not at the present stage of
the bill.
The motion waa not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me a moment.
Air. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
I wish to call up, if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania does not object, the report of the Committee
of Elections, introduced at the last session, on the
question of the right of William Vandever to a
seat in this House. I would not press it as against
the gentleman lrum Pennsylvania, but I desire to
dispose of this matter at any eaily moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to introduce a bill for the
purpose of reference?
Mr. DAWES. I will yield for a moment, if
the House docs not object.
LIENS OF UNITED STATES JUDGMENTS.
Air. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill fixing and regulating the liens of judg-
ments of the courts of the United States m the
Sraie of Indiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time,'and referred to the Committee on the
Judicial y.
APPOINTMENT ON SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to Ray, with the per-
mission of the House, that Air. Saucent, a mem-
ber of the committee on the construction of a
postal and military road between this city and
New York, has been called away by the death of
his father in Massachusetts. I have just received
a note from him, stating that he may be absent
eight or ten days. I ask unanimous consent for
the Speaker to appoint another member on that
commit tee.
Leave was unanimously granted.
PRINTING OF CERTAIN PAPERS.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Judiciary Committee he authoijzed
to punt the resolution of itiqimy horetofoie .-inhmttted to
said committee by tin- IloUhe, touching Ihe autliouty of the
Po-tmaster (Jeneial over mailable matter; and ait-o topiint
a report piepared tlicieou by IIuu. William Kelley.
SALAItY OF THE PIIESIDEINT AND U. S, JUDGES.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to report, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
a joint resolution, in order that it may be printed
and lecommittod to the committee.
The jmnt resolution, winch was read, provides
that sections eighty-one, ninety, ninety-one, and
ninety-two, of the internal revenue act of July
1, 1£G0, shall not be construed to apply to or in-
clude the salary of the President of the United
States, or the salaiies of the judges of the Supreme
or inferior courts of the United States.
There being no objection, the report was re--
ceived, and the joint resolution received its first
and second readings, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Air. MOORHEAD,hy unanimous consent,in-
troduced a bill to provide a national currency so-
cured by pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof;
winch was r'*ad a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
ANNUITIES TO MIAMI INDIANS.
Air. PORTER, by unanimous consent, made a
repoi t from the Com mittee on the Judiciary on the
letter ft om the Secretary of the Interior, in answer
to a resolution of the House, relative to payment
of annuities for 3 854 and*18o5 to the Miami tribe
of Indians; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Air. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
