THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Secretary of War. Now, Mr. President, I must
say it is a very crude bill whoever did draw it,
aad the least examination will show it; and I will
not confine that examination to lawyers, tf the
Senator himself will sit down and carefully ex-
amine it, he will find that it is very crude. The
more be thinks of its provisions the more he will
see it needs amending; and I think if he isabusi-
Bess wan lve will find that no business man could
execute it.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to call attention for
a moment to the sixth section of the bill, which
I intended to do when up before, but did not do
in the remarks I then made. I will read that sec-
tion to show how onerously the bill would oper-
ate on loyal men. The sixth section of the bill
provides:
That nil property coining into any of the United Suites
j ot declared in insurrection, as aforesaid, fioui within any
of tin: State* decl.ued in insurrection, through or by any
other person than any agent duly appointed under the pro-
Visions of this act, or under a lawful clearance by th'e proper
officer of the Tioa«ury Department, shall he* confiscated to
the use of the Government of the United States.
The second section of the bill appoints a Gov-
ernment agent, who alone shall purchase this
property. He is confined and limited to price.
He cannot give more than two thirds of the value
of the property in the city of New York. Now
I will instance a case. Suppose your army lands
on the coast in Mississippi, Louisiana, or else-
where, and they advance into the country and
leave in the rear the cotton, tobacco, or sugar of a
loyal man. If that loyal man shipped that prop-
erty to New York, 1'hiladelphia, or Boston, it
would bo forfeited or confiscated by the terms of
the sixth section of this bill.- Tinder what pro-
vision of law do you confiscate the property of a
loyal citizen? As I before said, the second sec-
tion of this bill, in my judgment, contemplates to
purchase the propeity of loyal men; and under
the law the property of those who an* not loyal
is forfeited, confiscated. This bill piopoms to
carry the confiscation at t far beyond the property
of rebels. If the honorable Senator owned five
thousand bales ofpotton m Louisiana or Missis-
sippi, in a district of country occupied Uy the arms
of the confederates, and our armies were to ad-
vance and drive them beyond that region of coun-
try, and allow him to take out that property, and
he were to take it and sell it to the mills of New
England, it would be forfeited by virtue of this
bill. The sixth see, t ion of the bill gives an en tit e
monopoly of this trade to the GovcnmienUigents.
Is it not wrong to forfeit and confiscate the prop-
erty of a loyal man because ho takes it to market
to a loyal city of the Union?
That is the bill It is nothing more, nothing
less in this regard; and the Senator from Michi-
gan tells us it has been carefully pivpaied by the
heads of two Departments. 1 regretted when the
Senator ma do tlmt announcement. I did hope th.it
they would have more regard for the Constitution
of the country and the i ights of it« citizens. In
my judgment, wherevei the armies advance, you
should aliow the loyal people to take out then-
prod uec; let them sell it there to put chasers if they
come, or ship it if tliey choose, and sell it where
evet they wish. Let them take it to New York,
Philadelphia, or Massachusetts, or .my other place
and dispose of it, or take itabioad if tin1)'choose.
It is their right to do so: and yet tins hill denies
them that privilege, and absolutely forfeits the
propeity, no matter how loyal they may he. That
is the wot king of the sixth section of the bill.
Mi. MORRILL. I claim no paternity foi this
bill; at tlx*-name lime I do not apologize for it; but
I do not like to see it tomahawked tn the merci-
less way in which it has been by the Senator from
New Hampshire. 1 do not think that the section,
fanly uiteipreted, is obnoxious to the charge,
brought against it by the Senator. In mder to
understand the application of this bill, of course
we must understand the situation of the country
to which it applies. Now, in the piesent condi-
tion of afiaiis in the country, all tr.ule between j
the loyal and disloyal StaUs is illicit. There is 1
no such thing; it is pi ohibited absolutely; and ;
tiiis bill proceeds on fhatiToat fact. There isno j
such thinir as trade in cotton or the staple articles !
of that region between these two sections of the !
country. It is all wrong; it is all conitaband; it j
is all absolutely prohibited; and this section is ;
drawn upon that supposition. !
Now, what does this section provide? That
being the fact, it provides that if any body brings
cotton north of the line which divides the loyal
and disloyal States, without the consent of the
Government, that property shall be confiscated.
It proceeds on the assumption that it is worth
while for the Government now and prospectively,
after we advance into that country, to relieve the
loyal persons in the insurrectionary districts, and
to that end the Government will institute agents,
so that as the Army advances into that country
those agents shall follow, and wherever they shall
find loyal men in the possession of this property
it shall be proper to purchase the cotton or the
staple articles of the country; but to guard against
the illicit trade that has been going on in that coun-
try to the detriment of the public service, espe-
cially the Army and the demoralization of the
forces, this bill provides that there shall be no
trade whatever in these products except in this
particular way. I think that is the fair interpre-
tation of this section, and in that sense I suggest
that 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the Senator whether,
under the provisions of this bill, particularly the
sixth section, if he, the Senator from Maine, was
the owner of one hundred bales of cotton in one
of the districts declared in rebellion, and after our
armies advanced so far that he could go and get
possession of it, and he were then to ship it to the
port of New York or Boston, would it not be con-
fiscated under this bill?
Mr. MORRILL. I am free to say that with-
out the consent of the Government it would. This
bill goes upon the assumption that there shall be
no trade whatever. There can no trade between
these two sections of the country. There ought
to be none.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
one other question. The bill docs not provide
that the Government shall give its consent as far
as I can perceive.
Mr. MORIULL. The bill simply provides in
its general scope that agents may be appointed
under The Secretary of the Treasury to go into
that country and purchase cotton.
Mr. COWAN. Can they not give a clearance?
Mr. MORRILL, No, sir; they give no clear-
ance; and my answer to the rennuk of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky was that iteould only be dune
by the |>eimission of the Government, through
these agents, if you please.
i did not liso, Mr. Piesident, to go into a gen-
eral discussion of the bill; for 1 have already said
my own impression was that the Departmenthad
all the power necessary without this bill, and I
was not much m favor of it? but I do not think
this particular section is obnoxious to the charge
brought against it by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think,
with the conflictof opinion we have here, we shall
make \ery little progress with this bill to-night;
and 1 hope it will be laid aside for the purpose of
a more full and better examination of it. 1 thcre-
foie move that the bill ^e on the table with a view
of taking up some other business.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO GENERAL RO?EOR.\NS.
Air. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. WILvSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Senator to withdraw it for a moment, to allow me
to call up the lcsohuion in regatd to General Rose-
crans.
Mr. KESSENDEN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for that put pose.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
tht: Senate take up the joint resolution (S. No.
117) giving the thanks of Congress to Major Gen-
era] William S. Rosecrans and the officers and men
undei hi«? command, for their gallantry and good
conduct in the battle of Muifrcesboro5, Tennes-
see. It is a resolution I introduced some time
since, but it was Laid over for the purpose of having
his official report. We now have that leport,
and 1 hope the Senate will pass this resolution at
once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It presents the thanks
of Congress to Major General William S. Rose-
crans, and, through him, to the officers and men
under his command for their distinguished gal-
lantry and good conduct at the battle of Murfrees-
boro', Tennessee, where they achieved a signal
victory for our arms. The President of the "Uni-
ted States is requested to cause the foregoing
resolution to be communicated to Major General
Rosecrans, in such terms as he may deem best
calculated to give effect thereto.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed*
Mr. GRIMES. In the official report of Gen-
eral Rosecrans that battle is called by a different
name.
REPORT .FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLARK, i am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred a joint
resolution (S. No. 132) to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to obtain the title to certain prop-
erty in the city of Denver, Colorado Territory,
for the purposes of the branch mint located in said
place, to report it with an amendment. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider the
joint resolution at this time. 1 do not think it will
lead to any debate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it will lie over under the rule. . •
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. No. 136) authorizing
the payment of certain officers of the Pennsyl-
vania reserve corps of volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
WAYS AND MJEANS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the twenty-third amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
659) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, having reported to thellouse
that they had been unable to agree, the House of
Representatives further insisted on its disagree-
ment to the twenty-third amendment of the Senate
to the said bill, asked a further conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Henry L. D^wes of Massachu-
setts, Mr. Reuben E. Fknton of New York, and
Mr. Horace Maynakd of Tennessee, managers
at the same on .its part.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the twenty-third amendment of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. G59) to provide ways
and means for the support of the Government,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the twenty-thin! amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. (iiO) to provide ways and
means tor tile support of the Govt i mitrnt, having met, after
full and free conference have been unable to agree.
JOHN SHERMAN",
J. COLLAMEK.
B. F. HARDING,
Mcuiagers on tlw pint of the. Senate.
* E. B WASniHIltNE,
II. L. DAWES,
U. G. Sl'AULDING,
Managers on the j>ai i of the Mouse.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate hnther ninn on its twenty-
tluul amendment to the .said bill di-'asreed to by tho House
of Hcproeenfattves, and ajjree to the futthei conference
asked hy the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Oro'eieil, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Nesmith.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
11 Mr. FESSENOEN. I now renew my motion
|' that the Senate proceed to the consideiation of
executive business.
li The motion was agreed to; and after some time
!! spent in the consideration of executive business,
thedoors were reopened, and theSenateadjoumed.
