1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 27,1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN KEPOIIT,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McPHERSON submitted a motion to print
extra copies of the report; which was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
AGRICULTURAL llEPOKT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
annual report of the Commissioner of Agriculture;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
COURT 03? CLAIMS BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness to be the motion submitted last evening by
Mr. Pouter, to suspend the rules to enable him
to report from the Committee on the Judiciary
the bid of the House (No. 256) to amend an act
establishing a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States, approved February 2,
1855, with the amendments of the Senate thereto.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefoi;.)
Mr. PORTER. I now report the bill, move to
non-concur in the Senate amendments, ask for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill, and demand the
previous question on the motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr. Por-
ter, Mr. Hickman, and Mr. Robinson, as the
committee of conference on the part of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion of Mr. Portlr
was agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINNESOTA KESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota asking an extension of the pen-
sion laws, so as to include those who were dis-
abled by wounds received in the late Indian hostil-
ities, and the legal representatives of those who
were killed; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ST K A ME II CATILINE.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On the 17th of December, 18G1, a si. loci com-
mittee torn quite intocontractsof theGovernment
repotted a series of resolutions, one of which,
being a resolution touching the steamer Catiline,
chai tered by the Government on the 25th of April,
1SG1, was not taken up and acted upon in conse-
quence of a desire upon the part of the committee
to further investigate the subject.
The committee have made the investigations
they desired, and now ask that the resolution may
be taken up, and adopted.
Tne resolution was icpcrted, as follows:
lleiolvetl, That theSeerotaiv of The Tieasury be requit-
ed to decline luakuigany luithet payment to the parlies m
teresfd m the steamei Catiline on account or' the eluuter
of said vessel by the United State* on the ^Otli of April,
1S61.
Air. HOLMAN. I move the previous question
on.the resolution.
Tiio previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to he put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IXTKRXAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr, FENTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion until we have had the morn-
ing hour.
All. MORRILL, of Vermont. I say fo the gen-
tleman that it is very desirable to have the reve-
nue bill finished in the Blouse, so that it may go
to the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to report a bill, and have it acted on. There
will be no objection to the bill, i presume. If
there is I will withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will give way
if there is no objection to the gentleman's bill, but^
not otherwise.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the consent of the
House to report from the Committee on Roads
and Canals a bill to allow the Covington and Cin-
cinnati Bridge Company to construct its bridge at
a height not exceeding one hundred feet above
low-water mai k.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now ask for
the vote on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committe^of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. ijolfax in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 770, to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment and pay interest on the public debt," ap-
proved July 1, 186*-], and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment last
evening submitted by Mr. HoopERas a substitute
for the sixth section of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to state
to the House the principal points, in order that
they may know what they are voting on in the
substitute brought in by the Committee of Ways
and Means. It proposes to graduate the stamp
tax on promissory notes. The tax is lower than
what is provided in existing law. It is one more
probable to be executed, and not evaded as the
one now is evaded. It also proposes that on bonds
and mortgages there shall be no more than one tax
imposed. It also imposes a tax on the sale of
ships, and upon the assignment of mortgages, and
upou the assignment of insurance policies. I be-
lieve that is all theie is jji it except a provision in
leference to paper made in a foreign country. It
provides that the stamps shall be placed on them
when they reach this country. It exempts pen-
sion papers from all taxes whatever. That is ail
there is in the substitute. It has the approval of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and I. hope
that H will be adopted.
Air. STEVENS. I would like to know whether
it does not contain a provision in reference to
short notes under three {lays.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I move to amend
the substitute by striking out after the word " in-
strument" 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to strike
out anything that has been inserted by a vote of
the committee.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Thun I move to add
to the section as follows:
That the stamp duty on contract or agreement fur the
charter of any ship or vessel or steamet, a> now provided
tor m schedule 13, or any lettei. memotandum, or other
writing between the captain. ma>t< r. or ownei. or person
acini!: as uyent of anj ^inp or v p«<'l or steamoi, and any
oilier pei von or pcr-oiis lor ot relating to the charter ot such
sdiipot vc-m-1 or *tcamci that doe* not e.xeecd one hundred
and tiliy tons.. shall he one dollar; iwceeding one hundred
j and fifty tons and not exceeding finer hundred tons, tinee
jj dollars; eveedmg three Jmrnh'<{ ions and not exceeding
i | mx bundled ton:-, five dollar ; exceeding six bundled tons,
ten dollais.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That only
changes the duty on vessel* of one hundted tons,
and I see no objection to its adoption.
The amendment whs agreed to.
The Cleik read, as follows:
!?lc. 8. Jhvl be it fuithcr enacted, TJiat on and after the
p:i«.«age of tins act. any prison or pei^nutj owning or pos-
sessing or having tne eat.' or management any canal
eoinpaio oi canal"corporation, bcint: indebted for any .-aim or
Mini* oi'iiiout'j for winch bond-- or other e\ idences ot indebt- j
pdtiesH iuiv< boon issued, pa\ab'o m one m more j ears arter
'late, upon winch interest!- or shall he stipulated to be paid,
or coupon* jepie^entuii,' the s-inijl be or shall have
been is-m d to be paid ; and all dividend* in scrip ot money
or sums of mom-y thereafter declared due or parable to
stoe.<holdeis ot any canal company, as partof the earnings,
profits, or gams; of *atd companies, ihall be subject to ami
pay a dnrj ot'threp per cent, on the amount of all sueh in-
i teiest or coupon > or illi vld'-nd-. w!<"te' v*er t!i° , aoie Mmll be '
paid; and said canal companies or canal- corporations, or
any person or persons owning, possessing, or having tln-5
care or management of any canal company or canal corpo-
ration, are hwrehy authorized and required to deduct .and
withhold from all payments made to any person, persons*
or party, after the 1st day of Jtily, as aforesaid, on account
of any nueren or coupons or dividends due and payable as
atoiesaid. the said duty or sum of three per cent.; and' the
duties deducted, as aforesaid, and certified by the president
or other proper officer of said company or corporation, sliafl
be a receipt and discharge, according to the amount thereof,
of said canal companies or canal corporations, and the owiw
ersjpos-o^ors.undageutsthereovm dividend's and on bonds
or oilier evidences of their indebtedness upon which inter-
est or coupons aie payable, holden by any person or party
whatsoever, and a list or return shall be made and rendered
within thirty days alter the tune fixed when said interest
or coupons or dividends* become due or payable, and as often
as every six months, to the Commissioner of Interna! Rev-
enue, which shall contain a true and faithful account of the
duties received and chargeable, as aforesaid, during the time
when such duties, have accrued or should accrue, and re-
maining unaccounted for; and there shall be annexed to
every such list or return a declaration, under oath or affirm-
ation, in manner and foi m a* may be prescribed by the Com-
mivsion'er of Internal Revenue, of the president, treasurer,
or some pioper officer of said canal company or canal cor-
poration, that the same contains a true nnd faithful account
of the duties so withheld and received during the time
when such duties have accrued or should accrue, and not
accounted for, and for any default in the making or render-
ing of sucii list or return, with the declaration annexed, as
aforesaid, the person or peiaons owning, possessing, or hav-
ing the caieor management of such cannl company or canal
corporation making Mich default, shall forfeit, as a penalty,
the sum of $)00; and in case of any default in making or
rendering said h«t, or of any default in the payment of the
duty, or any part thereof, accruing or which should accrue,
the a^ess-ment and collection shall be made according to
the genetai provisions of the act to which this act is an
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, i move to insert in that sec-
tion, after the word " canal," wherever it occurs,
the words " or navigation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. At the suggestion of some
friends, I also move to insert the words "or slack-
water," " or slack-water corporation," &c.
,e amendment was agreed to.
>. VERUEE. I move to insert " or turn-
pike company."
The amendment was agreed to.
The tenth section was read, as follows;
Sec. 10. Jhidbe it further enacted., That on and after the
1st day of April, 1863, any peison or persons, firms, com-
panies, or eoiporations carrying on or doing an express
business shall be subject to and pay a duty of three per
cent, on the gross amount of all the receipts of such ex-
pres, busmen, and shall be subject to the same provisions,
mles, and penalties as are prescubed m section eighty of
the act to which this is an amendment, for the persons,
firm*, companies, or corporation? owning or possessing or
having the managemeutof lailroads, steamboats, and ferry
boats, and all acts oi parts of acts inconsistent herewith are
hereby lepealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to in-
sert in line sixteen, after the word " shall," the
words " in lieu of taxes and stamp duty imposed
by existing law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word " throe," and inserting " two,"
so that it will read " two per cent." I understand
from gentlemen acquainted with the subject, that
this is a tax of fifteen per cent, on the net reve-
nues of these companies. There are five or six
hundred express companies in the United States,
many being simply intended for business insthe
towns an.d cities. As I have said, this will amount
to fifteen per cent, on the net revenues, which I
think is an exorbitant tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We had the
representatives of the various express companies
before the Committee of Ways and Means, and
we came to the conclusion that a stamp duty was
impracticable. It imposed a great expo use on these
express companies in keeping additional clerks.
They were satisfied to change the duties fiom
stamps to three per cent, on the gross receipts.
Since we came to the <. onclusion, they lia\e made
representation to us that tins tax amounts to fifteen
per cent. In their first representation to us it was
not quite so much—it was something like twelve
per cent. I leave it to the committee to determine
whether it shall bo fixed as the Commit tee of Ways
and Means have i t. or as is proposed by the amend-
ment of the gejitleman from Maryland,
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. i move to amend
the amendment by reducing it one quarter per
cent.
Mr. Chan man, I agree entirely with the gentle-
man from Maryland in saying that three percent,
is too large a tax to be imposed on these com-
