1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
408
amined and found truly enrolled, an act (H. II.
No. 359) for the relief of John B. Motley; when
the Speaker signed the same.
TERRITORY OF SIIOSIIONE.
Mr. ASHLEY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Territories a bill to provide a temporal y govern-
ment for the Territory of Shoshone, in order that
it might be printed and recommitted.
Mr. ROLMAN objected.
Mr. WASHBURNE called for the regular or-
der of business.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House proceeded to the consideiation of the
report of the Committee of Elections in the Iowa
contested-election case of Bymgton vs. Vandever.
The committee reported the following1 resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That William Vnudevci has not been entitled
to a teat a- a memhei ot tlii^ House since h:-* \v<i^ unMeied
into the military service of the United Snte^ a1- eoionei of
the ninth icgiment Iowa voiunteci inlantiy, to wit: *hice
the 24th day ot September, A. 1). 18i5i.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr.WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman yield
to enable me to make a motion to postpone the
consideration of this ease?
Mr, DAWES. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Well, if 1 Tin get the
floor when the gentleman is through, J will move
to postpone.
Mr. DAWES. The matter will be in the pos-
session of the House in a few moments, and, of
course, subject to a vote of the majoi itv; but it is
the duty of the Committee of Elections to call the
attention of the House to this case and have it
disposed of in some way. I will he very hi lef m
explaining the repoitof the committee; and be-
yond that 1 do not care to occupy tin? attention of
the House. 1 regret that the gentleman who made
the report [Mr. Browxe, of Rhode Island,] if not
hereto sustain his repoi t, and explain jl to the
House; but I am instructed by the Committee of
Elections to do that wlncii it was .supposed he
would have been here to do for himself. The res-
olution, reported unanimously by the Commit-
tee of Elections, declares that William Vandever
vacated tiie seat which he held m this House by
accepting the position of colonel in the volunteer
forces of the United States. The question pre-
sented by the committee is divided into two parts:
the first is, whether the office which hu accepted
was in itself of such a nature as to be incompat-
ible with the duties incumbent npon him as a mem-
ber of this House? The second is, whether it be
so or not, does not the Constitution of the United
States require that he who holds a seat in this
House, and accents such an office as this, shall
vacate it? fn other words, is he not, by the Con-
stitution, disqualified from holding a seat in this
House by the acceptance of the office of colonel
of the volunteer forces?
Thequestion thusdivides itselfinto two branch-
es, and to these two j desiie to call the attention
of the House for a single moment, rccitmg sim-
ply so much of the report as finds that Mr. Van-
dever, after having been duly elected—which the
committee find, although the question was raised
whether he was ever elected; but aft< r having
been duly elected to a seat heie—tendered his ser-
vices to the Piesident of the United States under
the law organizing a volunteer force for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and, accepting the posi-
tion of colonel of the ninth icgiment of lewn vol-
unteers, was mustered into tin-sui \ ict. ofthe Uni-
ted States as such colonel, and has served up to
this time in that capacity, having diavvn hi< pay
both as a colonel of Iowa volunteeis in the United
States service and as a member of this House.
Now,are these two positions compatible with each
other? Are the duties of a member of tin* House
and the duties of an officer of the volunteerforc^sof
the United States of such a character that they can
both be discharged by one and the same person?
It is very evident that they cannot be discharged
at the same time by one and the same person, be-
cause they are to be discharged upon different the-
aters.
The duties of a Representative are here in this
Hail; the duties of the officerare in the field; and,
therefor-1, these duties cannot be discharged at the
same time, because no man possesses the power
of occupying two places at one and the same time.
They are of such a character that they cannot be
propeily discharged, if at all, by the same per-
son. beuiuse the Representative npon the floor
passes upon his own nets nsan officer in the field.
While m the military service, and under the com-
mand of the Commander-in-Chief, he cannot act
independently here, for he may, by the oider of
his supenor officer, be taken from his seat here at
any moment; he may be ordered out of his seat
here when he is upon the very point of casting
his vote either upon the conduct of his superior
I officer, or upon the question of prescribing rules
and dutiesand imposingohhgations not only upon
his superior officer, hut upon himself. He may be
required, in the discharge of his duties as a Rep-
resentative here upon this floor, to pass upon the
conduct of his superior officer, the Commander-
in-Chief. He may arraign him here forimpeach-
] went, and he may be, accoiding to the rules and
| articles of war, immediately arrested thereforand
j tried by court-mailial and shot, if it may please
j the couit-martiul to so order, lie may be called
upon here to vote upon the longer continuance in
j1 force of rules and ai tides of war which he may
i, himself have violated,and that, too, while he him-
,j sei f is being t ried by aconrt-mai tial for the very of-
:! fense. He may come m heie and vote to annul (he
| very article of war under which he is being tiied.
^ He may come in here and vote to declare that to be
' no longer an offense agamst the Articles of War
which he himself has committed. Th<> President
,! ofthe United States may, as Commander-in-Chief,
;] have measures which he is desirous of obtaining
! the sanction of law for, and he may order those
:j who are under his commandos his inferior offi-
jj cers to march into this Hall and cast their votes
!j for or against any measure, and if they violate his
oiders, lie may further otder them to be couit-
ij mart.uled and to be tried for insubordination.
!j Moasmes may be pending in this Hall touching
■ j upon the manner in which the war j« to be con-
'! ducted. They may be pending by a -seiy ilose
|| vote, and that vote may he deteimin-'d by the
very few men that are, even at this day, officers
under him in the volunteer corps; and if need
be, he may, at any rate, multiply those officers
until he may command a majority under any and
all circumstances in this House.
; Tiie vei y nature of the duties of a military man
i and the nature of the duties of a member of this
' House are so incompatible that, by the rules of
i law, if there weie no constitutional piovisions
i whatever on the subject, it will appeal beyond a
, doubt to every kgal mind impossible for a man to
i disehaiire the dutns of em officer of the volunteer
I corps of the United States and at the same time
j consistently discharge the duties of an independent
Representative of the people upon this floor. But,
sir, the Constitution h«s not left us even to depend
upon the established tules of law, under which
any court having jurisdiction of such a case would
| rule that by the acceptance of one office a man
would necessarily vacate the othei office, incom-
patible,as 1 have stated, previously held by him.
The Constitution, however, expressly declarer
that—
'< "Xopcifon holding any oilier- under th( United States
I i-haJI he a membei ofeithei Hou-e dining Iin continuance
1 m office "
i Whatever may be the character of the office,
' whether it be of such a natiue that its duties are
I incompatible or not, no person may hold the two
; offices.
! The solicitude of (he fiamers of the Consti-
. tufion that every member occupying a seat heie
should be not only theoretically but practically
: and entn"ly independent ofthe Executive, induced
; them not rinly to extend the rule to a matter of m-
' compatibility in the duties of the two offices, but to
i prohibit absolutely any man holding an office un-
' der the United States to hold a .seat in tins body.
So that, whether we look at the nature of the
; office itself and the duties that follow upon its ae-
i ceptanee, or whether we look at the plain provis-
! ions ofthe Constitution of the United States, there
does not seem to the committee a doubt as to how
I this case mu.st be decided. The committee, ap-
| preciating as thev do the patriotic motives which
i induced not only Colonel Vandever, but ail others
similaily situated in this House, to forego thur
positions here for the more arduous, difficult, and
dangerous position in the field, were solicitous to
find some way of escape from the conclusion to
which they have arrived; but they hnve been ut-
terly unable to arrive at any other«c6frelusibn.
However reluctant they may have heen in adopt-
ing the course they have felt themselves com-
pelled to pursue, they do not see by what means
they can escape from the result that Colonel Van-
dever, by accepting the office of colonel of volun-
teers, and being mustered into the service of the
United States, vacated his seat in this House.
Mr, SHELLABARGER. 1 wish to ask this
question of the chairman of the Committee of
Elections. I agree with him in the substance of
what he has said,and in the conclusion to which
he lias come; but 1 wish to know if Colonel Van-
dever was not, in fact, a member of this House
duly elected, and that he afterwards accepted an
office under the Government of the United States ?
If that be the fact, I then wish to know whether
this affects the vacation of his seat as a member
of ihe House, or whether, on the other hand, the
office that he subsequently took is one that he
could not take, and that his commission to the
second office is thuiefore void. The provision
of the Constitution immediately preceding that
quoted by the gentleman from Massachusetts
seems to favor the latter construction:
" i\To Penatoi or Ivcpiesentativo shall, during the time
for which he was elected, be appointed tn any civil office
under the nuthonty of" the United States."
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman I
will state that which of the offices a man vacates
when he accepts a second office, the duties of
which are incompatible with those of the one he
before held, whether we look into the provision
of the Constitution or to the settled decisions of
the courts, cannot, for a moment, be a matter of
doubt. It has always been held in the courts
of the United States, and, so far as I know, in
the courts of the States, whenever the question
has been raised, that by accepting an office the
duties of which are incompatible with those of
the office he befoie held, he necessarily vacates
ihe first office. A case precisely in point is quoted
in the very last Massachusetts reports; a similar
case occurs in the Rhode Island reports; and like
cases occur in those of other States, and theyal!
are uniform upon this point. It could not well
be otherwise. He is free to elect which of the
offices lie will dischaige the duties of. Both be-
ing conferred upon him, he is at liberty to determ-
ine which he will accept; or, having accepted
one, he is at liberty to lesign it and accept the
other. But being so at liberty, and the duties of
the two, as I have said, being incompatible, the
legal effect of accepting the second office is the
election of that office and consequently the vaca-
tion of the other, whether by formal resignation
or not. I believe the authorities are ali clear eind
concurrent upon that point.
In accoidance with that decision, I repeat, the
moment a man holding a seat upon this floor as a
member of the House accepts and entci s upon the
duties of another office, the duties of which are in-
compatible with those of a Representative, thatrno-
ment his sent as a member of this House becomes
vacant, whether by foi mal resignation or not. The
moment a member of this House accepts a com-
mission in the military service ofthe United States,
and qualifies under it, he is bound by the Aiticles
of War, and those Articles of War are as incom-
patible with the exercise of the duties of a mem-
ber here as slavery is incompatible with freedom.
The At t.cles of War ate, and from their nature
must be, to some extent, a tyrannical code that
holds him to the strictest discipline. No one of
the duties it imposes can be discharged while ho
sits in his seat and discharges the duties of a Rep-
resentative heie.
Therefore, while the nature of the two offices
was such as to impel the committee irresistibly
to the conclusion to which they have come, the
express provision of the Constitution held them
there likewise. They also find that the precedents
iii point are cleai and equally conclusive. There
is no departure in the lepoit we have submitted
from the precedents. There are precedents as pre-
cis- ly like this .v; two cases can be like each other.
Major John P. Van Ness, while holding a seat
upon this floor, was appointed a major of the mili-
t a of 'his District, and the House declared without
a dissenting voice that by accepting that position
h^ hau vacated his scat as a member of Congress.
The same ruling was held during the Mexican
war.
It may be proper here for me to state in behalf of
