1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
Put this tax on deposits, and the moneyed men of
the country will respond with equal jiromptness.
Some gentlemen urge thut this tax will fall upon
the depositors, that banks and brokers will refuse
to take money on deposit rather than pay the tax.
I cannot think so, Mr. Chairman. Throughout
the West for many years bankers have paid six
per cent, on deposit; they will hardly refuse to
pay one fourth of one per cent. now.
1 hope tin* amendment will pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Whatever may
bo my own opinion—and 1 am not disposed to
controvert the positions taken by the gentleman
from Ohio—I shall not, and I trust other gentle-
men will not, embarrass the present bill by bring-
ing this subject up and endeavoring to ingraft it
upon this hill. This subject is now before a com-
mittee of conference, and 1 hope that it will be left
there, and that that committee will not be embar-
rassed by any proposed or possible legislation of
this House in relation to this bill. It appropri-
ately belongs to the bill where it now is, and I
hope the committee will not consent that time
shall be consumed on the subject here, and at this
time. I move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate upon this section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union :
had had the Union geneially underconsideration, :
and particularly bill of ihe House No. 770, to
amend an act entitled An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt," approved July 1, 1862,
and for other purposes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxky,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill of the Senate (No. 515) to authorize
an increase in the number of major generals and
brigadier generals for torces m the service of the
United States, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes iheieon, and had appointed Mi-sms.
Wilson, of Massachusetts, Cowan, and Latham
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to the
bill of the Senate (No. 467) to prevent and punish
frauds upon the Government of the United States.
INCKJSASE OK GENERAL OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. McPHERSON, by unani-
mous consent, the House insisted on its amend-
ments, disagreed to by the Senate, to the hill of
the Senate (No. 515) to authorize an increase in
the number of major generals and brigadier gen-
erals for forces in the service of the United States,
and agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes thereon.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. McPiier-
son, Dunn, and Mallory, managers of said con-
ference on the part of the House.
POSTAL REFORM,
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to say that Mr. Odell
is sick, and unable to serve on the committee ot
conference on the postal reform bill. Imovethat
he be excused, and that the Speaker fill the va-
cancy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Mr. Steele, of New York,
a member of the committee of conference on said
bill, in place of Mr Odell.
CLOSE Of DEBATE.
Mr. MORRILL, of YeimoiU, moved that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on die pending section of the internal
revenue bill, be closed in half a minute after the
committee should resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, then moved that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state or
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
INTERNAL EEVENUE BILL.
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 move to strike out the
last line of the amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont.
TheCITAIRMAN. That motion isnotin order.
There is an amendment to thoamendment already
pending. ,
The question was taken on Mr. Thimble s
amendment to the amendment,und it was rejected.^
The amendment proposed by Mr. Morrill, of
Vermont, was then agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing as an additional scction:
Sec. —• *3nt! be it further cnactcd, That the xcveial as-
sessors shall, on the M day of May ne.\r, ami on the Isl
day ot' May in each rucceedmg year, diieet and cause the
several assistant assessois to ptoe< cd through ovei) p.utof
their respective districts, and inqnue atter a ml concerning
all persons, beins witlnn the as-es«-nient district where they
respectively i eside. anil liable to licence duty und'T the pto-
\ idioms ol' this act oi of the actio which tlih an addition,
and assess snob persons a  in the said act is requited, and
all licensee so i^ued shall continue in fotce until the 1st
day of May next Mteeeedm?, and all licei^es granted after
the Kt da v of May in anv ycai shall expire on the 1st day
of May following, and shall be awssrri m a rumble piopor-
tton of the whole amount of duty imposed lor sucn license,
and such license so pi.intrd ^bail bo dated on the day
of the mmitti in which it is i>s>ued: Proridcd, That any
person, firm, oi coiporation that on the l->t day of May
next-.hall lxild an unexpired licence shall be a-«so=ed a i.Ua-
able pioportion foi the tunc between the expiration of the
license, and the 1st day of Ma\, lSbl.
I will explain the purpose of this section. It is
offered in order that the general assessment made
in the spring may reach licenses as well as every-
thing else. "The law of last session having gone
into operation on the 1st of September, the pio-
visions in relation to licenses are such that they
are scattered throughout the year. This imposes
large additional labor upon the assessors. If it
could all be done in the spring, when the other
tax lists are made out and returned, of course it
would lessen the amountof labor imposed on the
assessors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourteenth section was read, as follows:
Hkc. 14 And be if furthrr mm tod, That in any collec-
tion di-tiict where, in the imminent of the (Jotnmisdonet
of Internal Revenue, the f.unhue-, tor the pioeiucmeni and
diMiibiitioa of stamped vellum, parchment, oi pap«;i, and
adhesive --tainp^ aie, oi .slull be in-uilieient, the (.'nmniis-
.-ioiiei, as at'oiesaid, h authoi i/ed to furnish, fiippiv. and
deliver to the collector ot auv -uch di-fi lot a suitable utun-
titv or amount ot vtamped vellum, pai cluneut. oi panel, and
adhesive stump-*, without prepaunem. tlmx-ioi, and tdiall
allow the highest rate ol eouimi-^ion- to the collector al-
lowed by law to any other panics purrba-ina the vlUiie.
ami may, in advance, require ot auv -neli coliectoi a bond,
with fuiUeient sureties, to an amount equal to the value ot
any sMiuped vellum, paielmn'iit, or paper, and adbcMve
utamp-. wlneh linj be placed in lu^ hands and lemam un-
accounted Ibi,conditioned toi tlic failItful leturn, whenever
*o requited, of all quantities or auvmuts undisposed of, and
lor the pauncnt, monthly, of all quantities or amounts sold
or not remaining on liaud ; ami it Miali hethedutj ot such
collector to supply In* deputies with, or -eli to othci p:u-
tie> witliin h is district who may maku applications th^ri lor,
stamped vellum, paiehment ,oi paper, and arinoive •-tamp'-,
upon the ^aine term^ allowed by law, or mniet the regula-
tions of the C'ommi^sionei ot Internal Itevenue, who Is
i hereby authored to make such othei refutations, not m-
1 consistent herewith, for the ^eenuty ot the United States
1 and the better accoimnodation of the public in relation to
' the matter- hereinbeiote mentioned, he may judue nt-
j ce^t>aiy and expedient.
! Mr. HARDING. I nio\t to amend that sec-
| tion by adding to it a proviso that no instrument,
j document, writing, or paper, required by law to
! be stamped, signed, or issued without being duly |
stamped prior to the 1st ot June, lbG3, shall on j
that account bo deemed invalid or of no efiect; j
and providing that no instrument, document, or |
paper, required by iaw to be stamped, shall be !
admitted or used as evidence in any court until a
legal stamp is affixed to it. As the law now stands,
Mr. Chairman, all contract* executed without
stamps after the 1st of March next are declared
void. The necessity of extending the time to the
1st of June arises trum the fuet that m my own
district and in various other districts in Kentucky
there are no collectors appointed. This fourteenth
section provides that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may, if he thinks proper, place stamps
in the hands of the collectors lor the accommoda-
tion of the people, and I doubt not that stamps
will be furnished as soon as possible. But, as I
have said, there are no collcctors in my own and
other congressional districts; and I understand
that there will be none appointed until our Legis-
lature shall pass an apportionment bill redistiict-
tng the State. That will be done in the course of
a week or two, and after that the collectors will be
appointed and be furnished with stamps. Butia
the mean time, unless this amendment he adopted*
every contract and instrument in writing,writ,and
process, that issues from courts, will be null and-
void if a stamp is not affixed. The stamps can-
not be procured now. The amendment which I
have offered is the exact copy of one adopted at
the present session extending the time to the 1st
of March. The only difference is that this amend-
ment extends the time to the 1st of June. Every
one will at once see the propriety of such a pro-
vision as this, so that contracts and writs in court
shall not be rendered void for want of stamps until
there is an opportunity for procuring such stamps.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i am aware of
the difficulty that exists in various parts of the
country in regard to stamps. The objection is
certainly a vahd one in Kentucky. 1 know that
at the present session the time for procuring stamps
was extended to the 1st of March, and I am not
sure that the time ought not to be extended still
further. So far as f am concerned, I shall not
oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
The question was taken on Mr, Harding s
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. WfCKLIFFE. I move to amend the four-
teenth scction by adding the following: proviso:
Provided further, Tliatthoact to which this an amend-
ment shall be so construed a* to require an appointment of
at least one piincipal collcctorandas>e&sor in cacli congres-
sional ihnhiet in each fc?tate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe that
collectors have been appointed in almost every
distiict in the loyal States except Kentucky, and
they would have been appointed there but for the
difficulties at the time the act went into operation.
1 understand it is the purpo.se of the Department
to appoint collectors there.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ventures to ask
the gentleman from Kentucky whether he intends
by his amendment to include all the disloyal
States?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Do you intend to include
them in the bill? If the bill includes them my
amendment includes them. But with the assur*
ance given by the gentleman from Vermont 1
withdraw mv amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. . 1 move to amend the fif-
teenth section, by striking out the words, " the
further commission of one tenth of one per cent,
upon all sums collected over the sum of #4Qp,000
in any one year, and;" so that it will read:
fcjEC. 1 o. Jlndbcit fwither cnactcd, That in addition to
the compensation now allowed to collector for their ser-
vice^ and that of their deputies there shall be allowed their
accessary and icasonablc charges tor po&tagc actually paid
on letteis ami document* received or sent, and exclusively
relating to official business.
I see no reason, Mr. Chairman, for increasing
the compensation of collectors. It is well known
that the compensation of the assessors is too small,
and I see that the committee has provided for the
increase of their pay; but the compensation of
collectors is large—four per cent, on the first
$100,000, and two per cent, on all sums oyer that,
not to exceed ui all $10,000. _ This section pro-
poses an additional commission of one tenth of
one per cent, on all collections over $400,000.
There is no limit to that. Even where the salary
readies £10,000 the collector will be entitled to the
commission of one tenth of one per cent.
I do not know how it is in oth<*r parts of the
country, but I know that in my State, and where
ever I have had awy knowledge on the subject,
the office of collector is one of the most lucrative
under the Government. The veiy maximum es-
tablished shows that in the cities whore there is
the largest amount of busiivss, $10,000 was be-
lieved to be a suitable equivalent for the services
of a collector. It ceitamly is sufficient in the in-
tenor of the country. 1 hope, therefore, that un-
less there is good reason shown for this increase
of compensation, it will not he agreed to by the
committee. It seems to me to be the tendency to
increase expenditures, and to squander the re-
sources of the Treasury with a lavish hand, as if
banki uptcy was invited. Now, although this is,
perhaps, a small thing, yet, when added to the
other extravagant measures passed every day, it
becomes a mauer of considerable importance. I
liavp yet !o learn why we should allow this com-
mission of one tenth of one per cent, beyond the
maximum compensation now fixed by law.
