mu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
this proposition from the Committeeof Waysand
Moans is made in oompliance with a suggestion
from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. I
believe it is for the interest of the Government
that a small additional compensation should be
given to collectors after their .collections shall have
readied the sum of $400,000, in order to stimulate
their diligence in collecting the remainder. The
collectors have to pay all of their deputies, and
many of them have to employ a large number not
only of deputies but of clerks, in order to trans-
act the business of those large districts. It is by
no means certain that the collectors of large
amounts will In the end receive a larger persona!
compensation than some who collect a more mod-
erate amount.
Mr. PIKE, i move to amend the amendment
pro forma. I notice that in a subsequent section
of this bill there is a proposition to run up the pay
of the principal assessors in some of the districts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Maine, and to the commit-
tee, that there will be an amendment offered mod-
ifying that proposition.
Mr. PIKE. I am glad to hear that. This prop-
osition struck me as in harmony with ihe general
spirit of this Congress, increasing the salaries of
officials, beginning with the Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury and running down. It seemed
to me but fair, therefore, that these oppressed gen-
tlemen who now receive the modest income of
jpl0,000, shall receive an additional percentage by
way ol—as the gentleman from Vermont inti-
mates—keeping them honestand making them do
their duty. I had hoped, Mr. Chairman, that no
increase of pay would be made.
Mr. OLIN. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine. I know very little
of (lie practical operation of the law or of the ex-
pense of collections in the agi icultural dish lets,
where very liule tux is collected and very little
labor imposed on the collector. But I venture to
say that in the large collection districts, where
large sums of money are collected, after paying
the ordinary necessary expenses which are un-
avoidable, the collector will not receive #2,000 a
year for his services. It is literally true, i know
something about this matter; I have examined it
in all its details; I know the practical operation
of the system, and theamounts that must be paid
for «.leik hito, room lent, and deputies that are
requisite for the enforcement of this tax.
Now, take another fact. If you return to the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
you will see that the tax so far as collected lias
been done at a lower rate than any tax which was
ever collected in the woild; and simply because,
considering the immense amount of labor to be
performed, no adequate compensation is paid for
it. Take, foi instance, my <>wn district. The ex-
penses of' the ti.sseiSMH aie such that alter paying
them they will not leave lum a compensation of
fifty cents a day.
Mr. .SHEFFIELD. In my district he cannot
pay his expenses out of the sum allowed him.
Mr. OLIN". Exactly. But as 1 was saying,
it is a significant fact that the whole expense of a
system put for the first time' into practical opera-
tion in this country, with ail the embarrassments
growing out of the consti action of a new law some-
what loosely drawn in many of Us piowsious,
always attended with infinite labor and expense,
requiring in its admmistiation the diseluuge of
each duties as requ ire the lughestexecuti \ e ahiii ty,
is borne by the collect oi s. 1 say, theiefoie, I hesi-
tate not to affirm that under all these adverse cn-
cumstances a larger amount of revenue has been
collected at a less cost than the histoiy of any
country can show; and that one great teason foi
it is that the coliectois leceive no adequate com-
pensation for the muountaiul difficulty ofthe labor
they pei foi m.
Mi. T( iOMA 3, of Massachusetts. They aver-
• more than $.">,000each.
Mr. OLIN. My friend is certainly mistaken
upon that subject. 1 affirm that they will not
a\ erage jj 3,00U after paying the expenses una void-
ab'v nect-ssary. I therefore most earnestly op-
pose any attempt to cut down their compensation
bt lov; i he i«.ue t he Committee of Waysand Means
have fixed m their bill.
Mi. TRIMBLE. I move to amend by making
the (\>mmis-.oon on  fifth of one pei rent., tm-ielv
for the purpose of making a statement on this
subject.
Mr. Chairman, whatever the compensation of
collectors in the cities and in large manufacturing
districts may be, I know that in many sections of
the country it is wholly inadequate to meet their
expenses. In my district, the collector and his
deputies are men of character and business quali-
fications. Such is the general testimony through-
out the country in regard.to all the officers selected
by the Government to execute the revenue law.
They have great responsibilities, vexatious labors,
and their expenses per.day are often in excess of
their pay. These men are entitled to a liberal com-
pensation, and it is the interestofthe Government
to give it to them.
it is a fact well known to me that the collector
in my district—a lawyer and a man of energy and
business talent—is often compelled, in the dis-
charge of his duties, to expend for days together
five or six dollars per day, while his salary is but
three dollars.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The col-
lector does not receive a per diem compensation.
Mr. TRIMBLE. The gentleman is correct.
It was to the assessor I meant to refer. And let
me repeat, that not only in my own but in many
of the rural districts the expenses of th$ assessor
will necessarily exceed the per diem compensation
fixed by law. If not misinformed, these officers
in Ohio determined, at a conference held at the
capital of the State during the last fall, to resign
their positions unless Congress at the present ses-
sion increased the pay.
But in regard to compensation of collectors, let
me state, that most of the large distillers of the
West have either stored orshipped, and nowhold
in bond in the large cities, all the whisky they
have manufactured since September last, and for
months prior to that date. This ts the case in my
distiict, as I was infoimed this winter by the
owner of two of the distilleries, among the largest
and best in the western country.
Now, while the enormous profits on the whisky
thus stored may make the distiller a millionaire,
the collector, for all his labor, expense, and trouble,
receives not one farthing. Under the revenue lasv
a percentage is allowed to collectors only on the
actual sales which take place in the district. He
is, however, required to visit the distilleries, ex-
amine their books, receive their ti i-monthly state-
ments, qualify the owneis and agents to the same,
and to file these statements ready for delivery to
the Government when called for. And besides,
whenever the distiller desires to make shipment
the collectoi is required to draw up and execute
the bonds and shipping bills and to mail them.
Thus it will be seen that the city collector gets the
pay while he of the rmal district does the work,
and loses altogether that which it was expected
would constitute his chief source of compensation.
This feature m the revenue law js manifestly
unjust, depriving, as it docs, the collectors of the
peicentage to which they are justly entitled, and
restricting the means necessary to secure compe-
tent and reliable deputies. Outsideof the cities few
districts will be found where the percentage will
reach the limit fixed in the law; and in fewer still
will the receipts be any more than a fair compen-
sation foi the responsibility assumed and the ser-
vice rendered to the Government. I shall vote
for this section of the bill as it is repoited by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I hope it
may be adopted.
Mr. ALLEY. I would like to ask the gentle-
man how, upon his statement, it will improve the
condition of the collector of his disti ict to allow a
compensation on all collected over $400,000.
Mr. TRIM BLE. Because it is provided in this
very section that whisky hhallpay its revenue in
the district when1 it is manufactured, and not in
the large cities.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLTNG. I must repeat
the ohsetvution made by me once before, that I
find myself m the, to me, somewhat novel position
of ink oca ting an increase of salary; but I am com-
pelled for the second time to say that in myjudg-
meut the proposed increase in this instance is
right, and I base that idea upon the knowledge
I have of the collection district of my county,
which is, I believe, the fourth in the State of New
Yotk in size, in which the collector is, I believe,
as hotioiabiu a man as lives; so esteemed by the
entire ooumy in which he Is\ . He assuie,* me
that in thatcounty, under the law as it now stands,
he will not be able by any sort of economy to re-
alize a compensation of more than $1,700, yet he
has to give bonds to the amount of $200,000.
My friend asks me what he collects. I cannot
answer that question, and I am sorry I cannot
tell how much he collects. He tells me that if he
had no work to do, nothing whatever, he would
not give the bonds which he has to give under the
peculiar circumstances which attach to the secu-
rity under this law making him responsible for
every penny collected.
Mr. PIKE. Tiiis bill will not relieve him un-
less he collects more than $400,000.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLING. I will state this:
that so far as my district is concerned the collector
is a man to whom as many people would defer
with explicit confidence under any circumstances
as any man who lives, and I tyke, therefore, his
statement as true; and it is true, as he declares,
that in this, the fourth county of the State, the re-
sult is that his compensation is literally nothing;
and I believe that with the exception of the city
of New York, and one or two other exceptional
cases, compensation ought to be raised.
Mr. TRIMBLE withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. PIKE then withdrew his amendment. _
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend by striking
out the woids "one tenth of," so that it will stand
"one per cent." As the law now stands the col-
lector in a district such as mine, and I presume
many others, has no inducement whatever to dis-
charge the duties of Ins office faithfully. The sum
of $400,000 will be collected in my district with-
out the collector leaving his office and without any
expense but thatofa clerk or two. Now, sir, the
organization of a collector's office in that district
is such that he can by no possibility derive an in-
come of$2,000 a yeai; and therefore, when $400,-
000 have been given in, he will collect the rest at
his own proper coat. I think it would be a wise
economy, therefore, to give these collectors one per
cent, to induce collectors to so organize their de-
partments that the last cent due the Government
may be collected. I know that they are sworn to
do their duty. I know that they are generally men
of honor, but I know how self-interest controls us
all. I believe that it would add millions to the
Treasury of the Government to mciease that re-
muneration to one per cent, on all sums above
$400,000. What is one tenth of one per cent.?
They have to have cleiks to hunt up butchers in
the mm ket. There are few men whose patriotism
or sense of official duty will lead them to spend
five dollais to get one for the Treasuiy of the
United States. 1 think that 11 is unwise economy.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not believe
that it is necessary toincrease the pay of these col-
lectors. 1 think thatthere is nothing somuch cal-
culated to disgust the people with the taxes that
are imposed upon them as these large salaries
to the Federal officials. While the country may
be satisfied to bear all cf the burdens of taxation
necessary to carry on the Government, it will not
increase their confidence to know that a consid-
erable portion of what they pay is consumed un-
necessarily in salaries of $10,000 and $5,000 to
collectors. It is as much as we can do to have the
tax collected and to satisfy the people of its jus-
tice. But it will not do for us to become extrava-
guntin thecxpeuditureof the taxes which we drciw
from the people. Thi.^ ques-tiou of salaries is a
most tender point with the pt ople. These collect-
ors, I think, are paid salary high enough already.
When the people see us increasing these salaries,
and especially when they see us m the rural dis-
tricts doing this thing, they will become dissatis-
fied and make loud protest against being heavily
taxed for any such purpose as providing large
salaries for an army of tax collectors. I shall op-
pose all propositions for an increase, in order to
make the tax as little onerous on the people as
possible.
Mr. Kelley'^ amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. 1IOLM AN. I move to strike out all of
the paragraph after and including the word " pro-
vided." I think the balance of the section is cor-
rcct. I do not see why the same class of collect-
ors should be paid at a better rate than the officers
of the State government. 1 a^iee with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Walkek] that
we ought to be very careful how we go on uu-
ne^essarily increasing the salaries of the offirns
