$0S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
three and one third per cent. If gold advances to
a premium of seventy-five per cent., there is then
a discount of forty-three and a fraction per cent,
on currency. If gold advances to a premium of
one hundred per cent., currency is at a discount
©f fifty per cent. When gold goes up to a pre-
mium of two hundred per cent., currency has de-
preciated sixty-six and uvo thirds per cent. When
gold goes up to three hundred per cent, premium,
currency will then be at a discount of seventy-five
per cent.jand so on. I think it.is well for all of us |
to understand this; because some gentlemen are '
more scared than hurt, supposing that currency j
has gone down further than the figures show, j
There is a great difference, as merchants know, i
between advance and discount. !
But it is said that this advance of gold is not i
natural or necessary, but artificial. I reply, that i
the advance is to no very great extent artificial; !
but that it has been in obedience to the laws of
nature; to laws of value which cannot be evaded.
Any attempt to escape from that conclusion will
prove a fallacy, all a delusion. I have mo doubt
that speculation has had its effect. I am willing
to grant that it may artificially have raised the
price of gold perhaps five or seven per cent. I do <
notthink more than that, because speculation can- j!
riot for any considerable period maintain a price j;
which the legitimate market value will not sus- :l
tain, j:
Now, sir, I did not bring this banking scheme j
before the House. It was brought here by othens, j
and has on several occasions been made the sub- |
ject of discussion. I did not intend to say one j
word in reference to it upon this bill. But as my
colleague, [Mr. Hooper,] whose amendment is |j
now under consideration to the bill before the jj
committee, devoted so large a portion of his re- it
marks to its discussion, I ask the indulgence of jj
the committee for alluding to ii at this tune.^ It j;
has been to me a matter of astonishment to see jj
with what pertinacity this subject, which has no <i
connection with the bill under consideration, is '|
brought continually to our attention. It came
yesterday from the White House, and comes to
us from all quarters, urging upon us the foi mo-
tion of a copartnership between tiie Government
and the banks.
Now, sir, I am astonished at one thing, and that
is this: how the gentleman to whom I have al-
luded, and who introduced tins'bank bill, could
possibly advocate such a measure. I allude to my
colleague, [Mr. Hooper.] We have but ft. w men
in Massachusetts of more integwty or of more in-
telligence. The people of that Commonwealth
have great confidence in htm, and I believe that
it is well placed, lie is on intelligent man on the
subject of currency. lie has written more ably
on that subject than any other man in the State i
of Massachusetts. If you read iiis writings you j
will be satisfied that he never favored any such |
thing as going into partneiship with the banks, jj
He has said, more ably than any other man, that J!
the whole system is destructive of the business of j|
the country. I say, that such a gentleman should : i
bring this matter before the House greatly ear- '\
prises me. |l
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has !j
expired. j,
Mr. EDWARDS obtained the floor.
Mr. WALKER. I wish the gentleman from
New Hampshire to yield to me foi a moment fui-
ther to conclude what I have to say.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will give the gentleman
the two minutes he asks.
Mr. WALKER. I wish simply to say, Mr.
Chairman, that 1 can account for my colleague's
support of this bill only upon the ground that wo
are all too liable to be influenced by the circum-
stances by which we are surrounded, and by our
associations. That gentleman is a laigc capitalist
himself,and I have no doubt is,and has been, sur-
rounded by large capitalists. He is intimate with
the banking interest; and I have no doubt that he
has not escaped the fate of being a bank dnector.
He certainly has been influenced by his associa- 1
tion with capitalists and bankers, or he would not i
submit this proposition,which is so utterly against '
the principles that he has advocated in his writ-
ings. I thank the gentleman for his kindness in
yielding to me.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to discuss to any great extent the banking
system which has been placed before the House,
as it is not necessarily connected with the ques-
tion upon which we are now to pass. I do not
desire to discuss that question to any length,
while I deem it proper to casually refer to it. I
desire to say from my knowledge of the banks,
and from my experience of the State banking sys-
tem, which is confined to New England, that I
am not propaied to go for a bill which would
strike down the State bunks at one fell swoop. I
will not deprive them of life that a new soul may
be in-fused into their dead bodies. I want them
to live under their present perfect system, and not
to be superseded by any untried experiment.
Let mo speak of the bank's in my own State of
New Hampshire for a moment. "They are now
restricted in circulation to the amount of their
capital stock; they are compelled to make letnrns
monthly; they are subject to the examination
of the commissioners appointed by the State at
any time, at the pleasure of the commissioner.?:
and, sir, under the system which prevail* m New
England, they have to make returns to Boston as
the great regulating point. They have the con-
fidence of the people of New England. They fur-
nish a circulation not inferior to that furnished
by the Government, or by any banking system
which may be established. 1 cannot, therefore,
connected as these banks are with the business of
the country, with their fibers running into every
department of business, consent to sti iking tin. m
down. I am not foi putting the people to imon-
venience and loss by distui bingo system, which is
admitted to be so perfect, for the puipose of with-
diawing the capital from the banks, and of invest-
ing it in another mode, even for the purpose of in-
vesting it in the bonds of the United States. I
could not do it without a clearer view of the insults
than we can haw from any proposition now befoie
us. Let me illustrate the matter before us for one
moment longer, and I ha\edone. Takeabankof
$100,000 capital in the State of New Hamp.>hiie,
winch has the light to issue £100,000 m b.ils. It
can loan all of ih circulation, and it can lo in four
fifths of its capital, or $80,000; so that a hank of
5100,000 capital has a debt of ^ 180.01)0. Tveniy
thousand doliais is reserved as a basis sufficient
to meet the demands of its bill holders anywhere
about the countiy. This new system would com-
pel that bank to call m all of its capital, ami to in-
vest it in the bonds of the United States. If you
do that, you will d'stress the whole business com-
munity of which the bank is the center.
Mr. HOOPER. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. I n what poi tson of the bill is tin re a pro-
vision prohibitory upon the State banks ? Is there
anything m the bill which .affects the banks of
New Hampshire, except the elause which puts a
tax of two per cent, upon their circulation?
Mr. EDWARDS. I know that there is noth-
ing in the bill which was mtioduccd by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts of the kind to which I
allude. I lsa\e followed the example of gentle-
men who have pi redded me m discussing the bank-
ing system that is proposed upon tin. pending bill.
I am answ.-ung the points mmle by others.
Mr. HOOPER. Is there anything in that bill
which inteiH-res with the State banks except the
clause which taxes their circulation two per cent.?
Mr. EDWARDS. Do you mean the bill of
the committer >
Mr. HOOPER. I mean what is called the bank
bill. I say that there is nothing in that bill winch
affects tin- existing banks, except the clause which
taxes them,as wellas the corporations which may
be otganued under it, two percent, on their circu-
lation.
Mr. EDWARDS. Yon compel the banks to
invest their capital in the bonds of the United
States, and to receive the notes of the United
States.
Mr. HOOPER. No, sir. If they pay two per
cent, they nan issue their own notes.
Mr. ED WARDS. It is the general belief that
the bill embraces the provision to which I have
refeired. 1 have all along believed that that prop-
osition, in effect at least, was incorporated in the
bill bi foi e the House and the counti y. But I have
taken up more tune on this subject than I intended.
I have only followed what may be called the bad
example of other mem be 1 in considering what was
not really before the House at this time.
Now, sir, I do not propose to discuss the char-
acter of the Secretary of the Treasury. I will only
say that I have as high a legard for lum as any
man upon this floor. I look upon him as one of
the foremost men of the country; and I would give
the utmost consideration to any recommendations
tliut he should make. I have full confidence in
the exhibits he makes to the House; at the same
time 1 do not feel at liberty to vote for any of his
iccommendations which I do notthink to be just.
I do not suppose that this House will support any
policy either of the Secretary of the Treasury or
even of the President of the United States, which
they do not honestly approve. I would therefore
enter into no eulogium of the Secretary of the
Ticasury. lie needs none from me. In the po-
sition lie has taken lie has presented matter for
oat fair consideration, and a good deal maybe
said upon both sides. Gentleman can form opin-
ions for or against them. 1 intend to consider and
to act on them my judgment dictates.
Mr. Chairman, what is the real question before
the House? It is the raising of an additional
amount of means for the use of the Government.
There are three propositions before the House—
the b'll of the Committee of Ways and Means,
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. [.Mr. Stevexf:,] and the amendment of the
gentieuvn from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
In one or two respects, these propositions agree.
They agree in the amount of $1)00,000,000 addi-
tional that is to be provided. They all agree in
giving authority to raise that amount by the issue
of bonds and Treasury notes. Thus far they
agice. They differ, perhaps, in ordinary details,
! one bring more numerous in its provisions than
the others. They differ materially in two respects.
One is the paymentof the interest on the national
debt in coin, and the other is the issue of small
notes, to be thrown out among the people—notes
beaung interest. Two of them agree that the in-
terest on the publicdebt shall be paid in coin, and
j m authorizing the issue of small notes bearing in-
, U ; 1 si, to the amount of some $300,000,000. One
j of the bills diffei 3 from the others m both of these
! pas tieulars. The bill of the committee, as it now
' stands, gives the Secretary of the Treasury the
! power to raise all the monnyhe wants by negotia-
ting the bonds of the United States in the market.
1 should have no objection to this, provided the
bill were to stand as it is; but we have been noti-
j lied by the Committee of Ways and Means that
| they intend to offer an amendment by which they
! are to permit the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
| these bonds at any price he thinks proper—at the
best, piice he can get. We are not to presume
that the Secretary will sell the bonds at any less
price than he can obtain; but it is not always well
to give such unlimited power.
Then, sir, this is a feature which differs from
both the others, except that the amendment intro-
duced by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] provides that the Seci etary of the Treas-
ury may raise the whole §900,000,000 on either of
those kind of securities. The bill of the commit-
tee does not allow him to raise the whole amount
by ii'iu-y on interest, nor the whole amount by
1 jeasuiy notes. It only limits the amount to be
raised in each way to ^300,000,000. The bill of
the gentleman from Massachusetts allows him to
raise the whole amount of $900,000,000 by either
one of the three foi ms of indebtedness. It seems
to me that this would be allowing a wide latitude
of discietion. I do not know but it would be safe
to trust everything to the discretion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; but I have always believed
that just in proportion as the authority given to
an agent was fixed and determined, just in that
pt oportion was the safety to the pi inupal secured.
Now, sir, in relation to these three proposi-
tions, no one of them is perfectly matured. I un-
derstand that amendments are to be offeied to each
' of them. Therefore they can hardly be compared,
I for we do not know in what shape they will ap-
j pear when they shall ultimately be perfected. But
1 I assume that one of the three will pass, modified,
i it may be, by this House; and therefore, as they
! differ m some of the essentially great features, I
piopose to confine my remarks to those points of
diffeiencc, and thereby select the bill to which I
should feci bound to give my suppoit, with cer-
tain modifications which it may receive, if that
modification do^s not make the bill objectionable.
I have said, then, that two of the measures agree
m this, that they make the interest on the public
debt payable in coin, while the other differs upon
that point. Now, I know that any proposition to
