1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
nated to take charge of the money that is paid in,
■which we hope wili be $150,000,000 annually.
The Commissioner cannot very well attend to it
as his duties are quite sufficient without it. The
Secretary of the T reasury has sufficient to do with-
out attending to the money in the Treasury. He
has a Treasurer for that purpose. It seems to me
very wrong if you should now throw upon the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue the duties also
of cashier. The two duties ought to be separated.
There ought to be a cashier appointed with a fair
salary, and who should give bonds for the faithful
performance of his duties. At present there is
no responsibility for the money except the per-
sonal integrity of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
section twenty by striking out all after the word
"dollars," in the sixth line, down to and including
the word "revenue," in the tenth line, namely,
"annually, one per cent, upon the excess of re-
ceipts over that amount, to be paid at the expira-
tion of the year, and when the amount of such
excess shall have been ascertained by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;"and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
And shall not exceed the sum of $400,000 annually,
oho liiili'of one per cent, upon the oxcess of receipts over
#•200,000; where the receipts; of a collection district shall
exceed $400,000 and shrill not exceed $800,000, one fourth
of one per cent, upon the excess of receipts over $400,000;
\\ !u re the receipts Khali exceed $600,000, one eighth of one
per cent, upon such excess; and the *evetal assessors shall
be allowed and paid the *uium actually expended for office
lent, not exceeding the rate of $5O0pur annum. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of the
Sccietary of the Tieu-nry, is authorized to allow each as-
sessor such clerks as he may deem neuessaiy for the piop-
er tniuMKtion of lnwue.«>- and to fix their eomp<Mi?atioii,
which "-hall he paid out of the accruing interna! duties or
ta\e>. before the simc h paid into the Tieasuiv, as pro-
vided m section un«- hundred and fifteen of the aet to which
this act is an amendment.
It has been ascertained by the committee that
the compensation as printed in the In!! wiil be
much too large; and, as wiil be seen by the amend-
ment, it has been very largely reduced and grad-
uated , so as to adjust the compensation in the dif-
ferent districts to the amount of labor performed
by the several assessors. Under the present Saw,
not a single assessor that I am aware of has re-
ceived a dollar of compensation. .And there is
not a district that I am aware of in which the as-
sessor will not be compelled to have a clerk. In
most districts they wiil be compelled to have sev-
eral in order to enable them to perform the labor
within the time prescribed by law. By the pro-
posed amendment we allow the assessors, in ad-
dition to the salary of $1,500, on all sums that
may ho collected over $3)0,000 and not exceeding
#•100,000, one per cent.; on all sums exceeding
$400,000 and not exceeding #800,000, one fourth
of one per cent.; and on all sums exceeding
$800,000, one eighth of one per cent. They are
to be allowed for ofllre lent, when it is actually
paid, up to the sum of #500. They are to get
#,1,500, with a provision for office rent of #500,
making #4,000, besides an allowance for blank-
books, stationary, and poslnge actually paid.
1 shall move, hereafter, to strike out the allow-
ance provided {or in line eleven, of #750 foi clerk
hire and office rent, as that is included in the lesser
sum in the proposition now pending.
I shall also propose, under the direction of the
Committee of Ways and Means, an amendment
to come in at the close of the section, to provide
for some additional allowances to assistant as-
sessors under certain circumstances, and in Cal-
ifoiina and Oiegon.
Mr. CALVERT. I desire to olTer an amend-
ment to the amendment. There is one class of
assessors not provided for at all in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must s^gUe
his amendment first and then debate it.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont so as to pro-
vide that on all assessments over #100,000, and
Milder #200,000. two per cent, shall be allowed.
In the agricultural districts the assessors are
ooliged to go over a great deal more ground and
at much gicdtcr trouble and expense than they
urc elsewhere. The assessors in the large city
districts ate provided for and receive immense sal-
aries, wheieas in the lural districts the assessors
are not paid at all, I hope, therefore, that my
amendment will prevail,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I oppose the
amendment pro forma.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe a motion is in or-
der to strike out the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can make
that motion now, but it will be reserved until the
amendments proposing to perfect the section are
disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN, 1 will make the motion at the
proper time.
The question was taken on Mr. Calvert's
amendment to the amendment, and it was disa-
greed to—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
The question recurred upon the am^dment
proposed by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion simply to
oppose the amendment, and to state my reasons
for objecting to any increase of these salaries. I
am satisfied that the salary now provided bylaw
is sufficient to secure the best talent in the coun-
try to discharge the duties of the office. I do not
believe there has been a single instance where an
assessor has proposed to resign his position on
account of the smallness of the salary. On the
contrary, I wish to say that the assessor in my
district—a man who is as competent to discharge
the duties of his office as any in the country—
states that the salary is amply sufficient, and ought
not to be raised under any circumstances.
Let me say further that the revenue bill which
was passed at the last session of Congress has
become distasteful to the people more in conse-
quence of its quartering upon them this army of
office-holders than from any other cause what-
ever. And now, in the name of Heaven, do not
let us go on increasing these salaries to this extent.
Sir, these assessors have banded themselves
together throughout the whole length and breadth
of the country to bring a pressure to bear upon
Congress to increase their salaries. T trust our
legard for the public interest and our independ-
ence may defeat the combination, and I contend
that it is unnecessary and wrong, in the present
state of the country, for us to go on increasing
salaries to this extent. I ask this Congress to
stay their hands in this reckless expenditure of
the people's money for the increase of salaries,
and by their action upon this bill silence this
eternal clamor for " more," continually coming
to us from the recipients of governmental favors,
and set our seal of condemnation upon these com-
binations by which our committee-rooms and these
llalls are surrounded and beset by an unscrupu-
lous "lobby." I trust, sir, that this and other
amendments providing for increase of salaries by
this bill may utterly fail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are many
assessors who, unless this increase shall be made
in their compensation, will at once resign, A
good many of them have continued in the busi-
ness only upon assurances from the Government
that they should receive a greater compensation
than they now receive.
Mr. GURLEY. I wish to state that in one
district in the city of New Yoik the assessor
would lose #4,000 a year under the present law.
In my own district, in Cincinnati, the assessor
would certainly lose between two and three thou-
sand dollars a year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no doubt
of the fact. And what is the "great extent" to
which it is proposed to increase their compen-
sation? Why, if they assess anything above
§200,000 and under #400,000, they aie to receive
naif of one per cent, for it; that is, they are to
receivc #1,000 for assessing #200,000 beyond the
first #200,000. And if they assess beyond#400,000
and less than #800,000, they are to receive the
paltry sum of #1,000 for that, ldo not think that
is too much. This work must be performed by
men in whom the Government has confidence.
There is more depending upon them, in the as-
sessing of these taxes, than upon any other class
whatever. I do not think that the compensation
proposed, which has been very carefully consid-
ered by the committee, in connection with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, is too much.
We have been disposed to go to the very verge
of economy as far as we possibly could, but I be-
lieve that the compensation now proposed is as
small as ought to be allowed under any circum-
stances.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to strike out the
entire section. It will be observed that the per-
centage provided for m this section is in addition
to the salary of #1,500. Now, I have no objection
to paying these Federal officers fair salaries, cop-
responding with the salaries paid by the respective
States for similar services. I hope the gentlemen
who are engineering this amendment through the
House will explain the purpose of deviating from
the principle of the present law. Under that law
the principal assessor receives for a certain por-
tion of the time that he is necessarily employed
five dollars per day, and for the balance of the tune
three dollars per day, and the deputy assessors
receive each three dollars per day, ana besides, if
I remembercorrectly, office rentand stationeryare
provided for.
Mr. GURLEY. Not office rent.
Mr. HOLMAN. Stationery is provided for.
Mr. Mcknight, oh, no.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that is the case.
Mr. McKNIGHT. No, only blank-books.
Mr. HOLMAN. WeH,blanksand blank-books
are sufficient and that is all that is required.
Now, I am willing to pay every dollar that is
necessary to secure the services of competent men,
but I am not willing to pay one cent beyond that;
and, sir, judging from information which I pos-
sess from my own district, where an intelligent
and competent assessor and competent deputy as-
sessors are employed, I am satisfied that the sal-
aries they receive arc fully equal to the salaries
paid for similar services by the State of Indiana.
They are not only able but willing to enter on the
service required of them at the existing rates of
compensation. I am satisfied that the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is only actuated
by a desire that this service shall be executed ef-
ficiently by the proposed increase of pay; but the
usual clamor of office-holders for an increase of
pay comes up, and affects him, not as the voice
of avarice or of a voiacious desire to grasp at the
public treasure, but as an evidence that these men
cannot perform the duties imposed upon them for
the paltry sums they are now receiving, and hence
his willingness to increase their pay. These sums
would not seem paltry if these men were in the
service of the State governments, or engaged in
any other equally arduous pursuit.
The people of the West, so far as my informa-
tion extras,are induced to look unfavorably on
the existing law when they compare the expenses
of carrying it into effect with the expenses incurred
by the State governments in the enforcement of
their revenue system. The expenses are really
enormous. It is the subject of general condem-
nation. If these expenses are still further in-
creased the people will not endure it. This reve-
nue system must be carried on economically. I
concur with the remaiks submitted by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Rice.] I believe that the
public interest demands that instead of this ever-
lasting tendency to increase expenses, we should
apply ourselves to reform and cconomy. It must
be done in every department of the Government,
or universal ruin and bankruptcy will soon be
upon us.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know any class of public officers who are paid less
according to their merits than the assessors under
the tax law. It is my experience, and I presume
that of every gentleman, that men of position and
character, ability and integrity, have been selected
generally for that office. I know that in my dis-
trict one of the best men I am acquainted with was
appointed—a man with a large family; and he told
me before I left home that he would be compelled
to resign, because, instead of making money he
was losing money. I told him that I was satis-
fied Congress would make a change. He told
me that he often had to pay five or six dollars a
day foi buggy hire, &c., and that he thus lost two
dollars a day. I am therefore glad to find the
amendment proposed. I was not at all satisfied
with the proposition as itstood in theprintcd hill,
and 1 suggested to my friend from Vermont [Mr.
I Morrill] that he should move the amendment
' which he has moved, and I trust that it will be
amended,and thus save n large amount to the Gov-
ernment,. I understand that as the bill stands there
are no traveling expenses allowed to assessors, no
j! stationery, no postage, nor cleik hire; and assess-
I ors have been only induced to hold on in the
11 hope that Congress would raise the salary.
