1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
Mr. RICE withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
' Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
the twentieth section by striking; out the words
" $750 for clerk hire and office rent;" so that the
sentence will read, " such assessors shall also be
allowed their necessary and reasonable charges
for postage actually paid on letters and documents
received or sent,5,&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the close of the
section:
And the Secretary of the Treasury, on the recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, is hcieby
authorized to fix &ueh additional rates of compensation to
be made to Uhsistant assessois as may appear to be just and
equitable and necessary to secure the services of competent
and efficient men: Provided, That the Secretary of the
TieaMiiy shall be, and is heieby, authouzed to fix such ad-
ditional rates of compensation to be made to assessors m
the States of California and Oregon and theTeiritorics, as
may appear to him to be just and cquitableinconscqtience
of the gi eater cost of living and traveling in those States and
Tciutoues as may in his judgment be necessary to secure
the services of competent and efficient men : Provided fur-
ther, The rates of compensation thus allowed shall not ex-
ceed the rates paid to similar ofReeis in such States and
Territories respectively.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. F. A. CONKLTNG. 1 move to amend by
striking out of the section the words " and assist-
ant assessors shall, in addition to pay and charges
allowed by law, also be allowed their necessary
and reasonable charges for postage actually paid
on letters or documents received or sent, and ex-
clusively relating to official business;" and ahso
by striking out the corresponding words where
they occur in another part of the section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the twentieth
section by striking out the words " from the date
of their appointment, shall be allowed and paid a
salary of $1,500 per annum, payable quarterly,
and in addition thereto."
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment to strike out the whole section.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Holmakt and Rollins were appointed.
While the committee was dividing,
Mr. IIOLMAN said; It is the manifest inten-
tion of the committee to reject the amendment.
I therefore withdraw the call for a division.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rojucfed.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
by striking out the twenty-first section,asfollows:
Six. 21. ./?nd he. it further enacted, That in all cases
where the a-<si-iant a-srs^oi shall discover or have good
cause to believe thai any list oi letum required by law has
been or is inconeetiy stated or understated, or «-o made as
to deli and the Government of any dutv. tax, license, or
stamp duty, the assistant assessor, a^ aforesaid, shall be,
and heiebv is, authouzed to make afurthei examination,
under oath, of the party making «uch list or letum, and
may summon and examine, under oath, any other person
oi persons as witnesses having any knowledge m relation
then to, and, after such examination, if lie shall deem it
just and equitable, may alter, amend, or add to Mich list or
ictum. subject to appeal to the assessor of the district, as
m othei ca-cs provided. and when s>o altered, amended, or
added to the proceedings m relation to the collect ion of said
list or leturn, shall be in all respects in the same mannet
as in the case of other lists or returns; and whenever the
public interest may demand it, the Commissioner of In-
tel rial Revenue, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Tieasuiy shall p> escribe, may appoint a special inspect-
oi, or inspector, with all the power* belonging to or here-
by confcired upon assistant assessors, who may enter prem-
ises and make such examination as is authouzed by law,
and is necessary for the protection of the internal revenue
of the Government, or such speclai inspectors may be ap-
pointed under such regulations as the Secretaiy of the
Treasury may prescribe, for the puipose of commencing
suits for the iccovery of forfeitures'or penaltiesajratnstany
party or parties who have incurred, or who may be sup-
posed to have ineuired, the same, and m sueh eases they
shall be entitled to all the powers and privileges of col-
lectors or deputy collectors, as in such ca«es provided :
Provided, That when anv list or return shall be altered,
amended, or added to, by virtue of the examination herein
piovjded for, which shalj appeal to have been willfully or
trauduiently understated, all just and proper costs incident
theieto shall also be added to such list or return.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the twenty-
fourth section, by adding to it the words "except
in cities;" so that it will read:
Sac. 24, Jlndbe it further enactcd, That no auctioneer
shall be authoiized, by virtue of his license as such auc-
tioned, to bell any goods or other pi operty in any other dis-
trict than that in which the license shall have been granted,
except in cities
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
the twenty-fifth section, by adding at the close the
following:
But lawyers, having taken out a licenso such, shall
not be required to take out any additional license in conse-
quence ot practicing their profession witiiin or beyond the
limits of the district whcie licensed.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. I desire to know from
the gentleman from Vermont the meaning of the
term " district," as used here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It means the
collection district.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I suggest that it would
be well to say so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There can be no
other meaning given to it where it occurs in this
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That on the removal
of any person or persons from the house or promises at
which he, she, or they were authorized by license to ex-
ercise or carry on any trade or business mentioned m such
license and authorized by the act to which this act is an
amendment, it shall and may be lawful foi the person or
persons authorized to grant licenses to authorize and em-
power, by indoisement on such license1, or otherwise, as
the Commissioner ol Internal Revenue shall direct, the pei-
son or per?ons so removing as aforesaid to any othei plaee
to carry on the trade oi business specified hi such license
at the place to which such peison oi peieons may haveic-
moved tor and during the tesidue of the teim tor which
such license was originally granted, without taking any
fresli license or paymentof an\ additional dutv or lee there-
upon for the icMdue of such term and till the expiiation
thereof: Pronded always, That a fresh entry of the prem-
ises at which such trade ot business shall continue to he
so exercised or carried on as aforesaid shall thereupon be
made, but in the name or names of the person or peisons
to whom such amhouty as afoiesaid shall be granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved the fol-
lowing as a new section to the bill:
Stc. —. Jlnd he it fiat her cnactcd. That all duties or
taxes assessed and collected under the act to which this
act is an amendment, upon aitieles manufactured for and
delivered to the United States under contract-, prior to 18G2,
shall In; refunded to the payer thereof, his heirs oi assigns,
by the Sccietaiv of the Treasury out of any money not
otherwise appropriated, if demand lheietor is made to the
Tietisuiy of tin; United States within twelve months fiom
the date of such payment.
Mr. SEDGWICK, I move to amend the amend-
ment, hy adding at the end of it as follows:
No duties or taxes shall be assessed and collected upon
manufactured articles which arc made for, and upon eon-
tracts with, the Government of tho United States oi by any
Department thereof, and actually deli veied upon such con-
tract to duly authouzed agents or officers thereof: Provided,
That the foregoing provision shall oul> apply to contracts
made after the parage of this act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to oppose
the amendment of ihegentlcman from New York.
It seems to me that it is altogether probable that
every contractor, since the passage of th<*law of
the last session, has made his contract in view of
the passage of this act.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I did not suppose any ob-
jection would be made to tins amendment. As
objection, however, is made, I will claim my right
to say two or three words in explanation of the
amend ment.
The object of the amendment is to save the re-
payment by the Government of taxes which they
have just collected. It is upon the same principle
that we remit the duties which are imposed upon
goods imported for the use of the Government. It
is obvious that the contractors will add to the price
of their goods the amount of the tax, and proba-
bly something in addition for the delay and incon-
venience of having to collect it back again. The
proposition, as it now stands, is that the contract-
ors shall pay the tax to the Government in the
first place, and then the Government pay the tax
back to the contractors on the payment of their
contracts.
I have avoided the difficulty anticipated by the
gentleman from Vermont by providing that it shall
not apply to contracts already made, and there-
fore those contracts which have been made upon
the basis of having the tax to pay will pay the tax,
and this amendment will not apply to them at all.
It only applies to those contracts which are to be
made in future. It would seem an idle ceremony
for the Government to be at the expense of col-
lecting a tax, paying a percentage for its collec-'
tion, and then pay that tax back to the contractor
the next week in paying for the articles included
in the contract.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.- I
think that in carrying it into effect it will give rise
to considerable fraud, i hope, therefore, it will
not be adopted. Of course all the articles pur-
chased by the Government upon which this tax
has been paid would have to be reassessed and
the duty refunded. I submit thgt that would be
a very difficult matter to ascertain, and I think
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
had therefore better not be adopted.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I must repeat to the gen-
tleman from Vermont that my amendment does
not apply at all to contracts that have been made,
and upon which any duty has been paid. It ap-
plies only to contracts hereafter to be made, and I
listen in vain to hear any argument why this Gov-
ernment should be at the expense of collecting a
tax which it is to pay back to the contractor im-
mediately after.
The question was put on the amendment to the
amendment, and no quorum voted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SEDGWICK. Rather than break up the
committee I will withdraw the amendment.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Morrill
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move to amend
by inserting as an additional section:
Sec.—. Jindbe it further enacted, That all medielneB,
preparations, compositions, perfumeiy, and cosmetics, in-
tended for exportation, as provided for in section one hun-
dred and nine of the act to which this is an amendment, in
order to be manufactured and sold oi removed, without be-
ingchatged with duty, and without having a stamp affixed
thereto, may,undei such luics and regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescube, be made and manu-
factured in waichouses known and designated in Treasury
regulations as bonded warehouses, class two, provided such
manufacturer shall fir.st give satisfactory bonds to the col-
lector of the internal revenue for the faithful observance of
the rules and regulation® hciein piovided for, in amount not
icss than hah roijuiied by the regulations of the Secretary
of the Tieasury,fiom peisons allowed bonded warehouses,
class two. Such good*, when manufactured in such ware-
houses, maybe icmoved foi exportation under the direc-
tion of the revenue officer having chaige thereof, without
being charged \$ith duty, and without having a stamp af-
fixed theieto. Any manufacturer ot the articles aforesaid,
or of any of them, having *aich bonded warehouse as afore-
said, shall be at liberty,"under such niles and regulations
as the Secretary of the Tiear-ury may proscribe, to convey
therein any materials to be used in such manufacture which
are allowed by the piovisions of the said act to be expoited
free fiom tax or duty, as well as the necessary matcuals,
implements, package-?, ve-sels, biands, and labels for the
preparation, putting up,and export of the said manufactured
articles, and every article, so used, shall be exempt from
stamp and excise duty. Article*, and materials so to be used
may be transfeired from any bonded warehouse in which
the same may be, under such uiies as the Secretary of the
Tieasuiy may prescribe, into any bonded vvaiehouse, elass
two, in which such manufacture may be conducted, and
maybe used m such manufacture, and, when so used, shall
be exempt from stamp and excise duty; and the receipt of
the officer of the levenue in chaige shall be received as a
voucher for the manufacture of sueh articles. Any mate-
lials imported into the United States may, under sucii reg-
ulations as the .Secretary ot the Treasury may presciibe,
under the direction of the proper officer of the customs, be
removed m original packages from on shipboard, or from
the bonded warehouses in which the same may be, into the
bonded warehouse, class two, in winch such manufacture
may bo earned on, for the purpose of being used in such
manufacture, without payment ot dutie.s theieon, and may
theie be used ins-ueh manufacture. No article so removed,
nor any aitrcle manufactured in said bonded warehouse^
class two,"shall be taken therefrom except foi expoitation,
under the direction of the proper officer of the customs hav-
ing the charge ihcieof, whose certificate dej-euhing the ar-
ticles by their maik^, or otheiwi<-e, the quantity, the date
of importation, and name ot vessel. with such additional
particulars as may from time to time be required, shall be
received byihe collcctoi o*" the customs in cancellation of the
bonds, or return of the amount of foieign import duties. All
labor peifoimed and serviecs rendered under these regula-
tujfc shall be under the supervision of an officer of the cus-
toms, and at the expense of tlie manufacturer.
The object of this amendment, as will be seen, is
to allow manufacturers of perfumery and prepara-
tions to be made in great part from alcohol, to be
exported, to have the duties paid upon the alcohol
so used refunded. It seems to be a very long sec-
tion to express simply that object, but it is per-
haps as short as it can be very well made.
Mr. WALKER. It is an amendment, as I
understand, to refund duties which have been paid
on alcohol. I should like toknow why that should
be done ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For these rea-
