1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exclude coin from the uses and operation* of the
Government is, at first view, somewhat unpopu-
lar; and I know that perhaps with many members
of tins House there has been a kind of acquies-
cence in the limited useof coin by the Government,
and to the extent to which it has been authorized,
and perhaps to the extent to which this bill would
authorize it. But nevertheless, sir, as I believed
that any infusion of the use of coin into the system
which was adopted by Congress at the last ses-
sion was injudicious, so 1 believe it would be inju-
dicious to continue that use, and extend it beyond
the present indebtedness to which it is now con-
fined.
Sir, I would be glad if this Government could
pay ail its indebtedness in com, and I would be
glad if the circumstances of the country did not
require that it should ic&ortto any extraordinary
measures. In times of peace there is no difficulty
in managing the concerns of the Government upon
a specie basis, as there is no difficulty in manag-
ing the concerns of the State banks upon a specie
basis; but m.a time of war, when the difficulties
of the country bear upon the whole country, and
when they test every timber in the Constitution,
the Government is compelled to resort to extraor-
dinary measures to sustain itself.
Now, I ask what had this Government in its
possession at the last session, what has it now,
to carry on this war, to maintain the Government,
and to suppress this rebellion ? What means has it
to pay its Army, fo purchase supplies, und to pay
its civil expenses? Nothing but its credit. It has
not a dollar of gold which it can call its own. It
has received something from taxation,and it will
receive something from imports when the demand
notes shall have been exhausted, and the duties
shall be paid in gold as the law provides, unless
something shall be substituted for demand notes
or gold to pay them with. 1 say the Government
had nothing but it.* credit at the last session, and
it has nothing more now; and the question is, how
shall it use its credit? I am satisfied, whether oi hers
are or not, that if at the last session the Govern-
ment had thrown itself upon the confidence of the
country, if it had frankly revealed its condition,
and stood upon that condition, and if the country
had understood that the only means possessed by
the Government to sustain itself and suppress this
rebellion was its credit, and th.it it would be fanly
exercised, the Government would have had the
confidence of the country up to th«s day on all the
securities u had thrown out. And I say further,
that this Mouse has done more than anything or
anybody else throughput the broad jurisdiction of
this Governmenttodepreciate the currency issued,
by designating itasiriedeemable currency and call-
ing it greenoacks" by way of contempt.
Now, sir, I think if we had authorized ihe issue
of more bonds at the last session of Congress,
beaiing six percent, interest, and payoble at a
certain time, say twenty years, and had authorized
the issue of notes to meet the necessities of the
Government, to the extent that those necessities
might require, we would have provided a ma-
ehmery adequate to carrying us on. What would
have been the process? Simply that the bonds
would have remained m the Treasury until there
was something to buy them with; that when the
Government had issued notes enough to fill the
channels of circulation, and create a surplus, that
surplus would have been bonded at six pu cent.
But we did not try that experiment. We put upon
our law limitations and conditions winch pre-
vented its having a fair trial; and no man can now
say that because the bonds have not been taken
up, therefore such would not have been the legit-
imate effect of such a measure. It would seem
that our legislation was to prevent our bonds
being taken. We provided that notes might be
deposited upon a ceitain rate of interest, payable
at a certain time; antf*hence you found the notes
accumulating there. You will find that by two
modes you provided means by which those who
held any surplus notes might avail themselves of
their use, and thus you took away the induce-
ment to fund them in bonds.
Now, sir, what was the object of making the
interest on the bonds payable in com." Why,
to give a credit to our securities. There was no
other object but to seem to issue oui paper upon
a specie basis. If anything, that was a delusion.
It was to me something like a man who, finding
himself in embarrassment, and his wants beyond
his means, holds out some show of an ability
that he does not possess. /That is one view of it.
Jt seems to me that this provision for paying
inteiest m coin was a concession to our condition
which was unnecessary and unwise. Has it had
the effect intended? Has it kept up our securities
in the market? The tiuth is, the power was too
small to buoy up such a weight of national debt.
Again, it was an odious distinction; it was offer-
ing to one class of creditors a mode of payment
more valuable than that offered to another, and a
more meritorious class, if there is any distinction
to be made among our citizens. 1 do not mean
to refer to the soldiers to excite any sympathy,
as a matter of clap-trap; but I desire to say that
the soldiers, who earn thnteen dollars a month;
who lie upon the damp ground withoutany other
covering than the heavens over them; who ^o
into battle for our rights, risking limb and life m
their defense, are entitled to as good pay as the
capitalist who furnishes his surplus money to the
Government,
Well, sir, it is now said that we must continue
in this course to avoid depreciation. It is said
that the currency that we have already putout has
depicciated, and that we have got to go on and
bolster it up as well as we may, in order to avoid
fui ther depi eciation. If I believed at all in the
measure which is attempted to be applied to show
the amount of depreciation which has oceuired,
I might agree to (hat. It-is said that the difference
between gold and the currency issued by the Gov-
ernment is the measuie of depreciation. Sir, I
think that a more fallacious idea was never put
forth than that. 1 think that if the Governmenthad
not made gold answer all the uses which Treas-
ury notes answer, and, in addition to that, three
important uses which they cannot answci, there
would not have been anything like the difference
which now exists between gold and currency. 1
think we are responsible for this great difference
in the stock markets and in the marts of specula-
tion, instead of its being a natural difference, grow-
ing out of the issue of the notes by the Govern-
ment.
Now, let us look at this matter for a moment,
because it is an idea that has been pressed upon
the House. Is the difference between gold and
the cunency issued by the Government the meas-
ure. of the depreciation of the currency ? It is said
that it is because gold is the standaid, and gold
has an intrinsic value. But suppose that in our
legislation here we had dixrcgaidod gold and sil-
ver, and made leather or flour or any other com-
modity you please that is raised in as limited
amounts answer the uses which we have made
] gold answer, I ask whether in that event you
I would not have raised the piice of that ai tide up
to the same point that you have raised gold to m
the market? And would you not then have said
that there was just as much intnnsic value in that
article to regulate commerce, and that the differ-
ence bet ween it and the Government currency just
as much showed the depreciation of currency
as the difference between gold and the Govern-
ment currency now does? Suppose we had pro-
vided, for instance, that leather should answer the
uses that gold now does, it would not have an-
swered all these uses, because gold is required
to purchase goods abi oad, but we could have made
it available in the payment of duties and in pay-
ment of the interest on the public debts; and by
our legislation we could make flour answer those
purposes. Weil, sir, if we had done that, would
it not have advanced the price of the article we
thus selected? I have not time to elaborate this
idea, hut if any gentleman says no, I ask him
what makes demand notrs now worth 342 m the
rnaiket. when gold is worth I4.V They have no
iniiinsic value, any mure than leather would have
if it performed the same functions. What makes
the paper issued by the Government irredeemable
in gold, but answering only one of the uses for
which gold answeis, worth 343? Nothing but tho
fact that these demand notes answer a use which
the other paper issued by the Government docs
not answer: and if all the Treasuiy notes issued
had been receivable for duties, there would have
been no distinction between what are called "green-
backs" and the demand notes, the one would havg
been woith just as much as the other, and we
should not have established this artificial differ-
ence in value.
And so in relation to gold. We have made it
an article of merchandise. It is too small for a
basis for the superstructure we have reared upon
it, and hence the scramble for it on S.tate street,
Wall street, and in all the markets where mopey
is bought and sold. It has become a monopoly
in the hands of a few, who hoard.it because they
know they can get a good price for it from the
customer who is obliged to buy it. Our own legis-
lation compelling us to be purchasers, those who
hold gold stand with their arms folded and say,
" when the United States Government comes for
it, then we will make the best bargain we can."
Now, what is the amount of gold in the batiks?
Last year the amount in all the banks of Philadel-
phia,'New York, and Boston, was ^46,000,00p,
and now the amount is said to be some $75,000,000.
Well, if we shall want $60,000,000 a year, as we
soon shall, who will not hold it in their chests
and their safes, until the Government wants to
buy it, and then sell it for the price that the de-
mand will enable them to get! This is the con-
sequence of infusing this article of gold into our
ciiculalion,and into our means of paying our in-
debtedness. I have looked into this question of the
limited supply of gold; and here I wish to remarls
that, with all the respect 1 have for the Secretary
of the Treasuiy, I hold that in this time of diffi-
culty, in this crisis in our country's condition,the
payment in gold, in the city of New York,of the
loan that became due a short time since, of some-
thing more than $2,000,000, was a great blunder
and a sad mistake, and those who have more abil-
ity to judge in regard to the matter than I have,
agree with me.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to ask him what was the
promise to pay ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I am not aware that there
was any express promise to pay in gold,
j Mr. T1IOMAS, of Massachusetts. What was
: the promise?
Mr. EDWARDS. To repay that loan ata time
■ stipulated.
| Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. In Trea«-
! ury notes? If I promised to pay, before the pas-
! sage of the legal tender law, a hundred dollars,
] did not I promise to pay it in gold and silver?
j Mr. EDWARDS. I do not so understand it.
! If that is so, then every debt in the country that
; was incurred before the passage of the legal tender
law, is Jo be paid in gold.
I Mr. TIIOM VS, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not hold that doctrine
at nil.
I Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Welljldo.
I Mr. EDWARDS. I hold that every contract
! is made subject to the due and proper legislation
; both of the nation and of the State. I have never
1 heard this construction before. It seems to me
j that the enlarging of it will show that the gentle-
! man puts a case he docs not sincerely and earn-
! estly believe in.
! Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do, hon-
, estly.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then he makes it so broad,
' that nobody else will believe in it. A debt is to
i be paid, in the absence of any express stipulation,
; in what the Government of the nation says it shall
be paid in at the time it becomes due.
1 was going on to say, Mr. Chairman, that !
think the effect of that payment was to impose a
| greater burden upon the people than was neces-
' sary, or than ought to have been imposed, to en-
rich those who are already rich; or, in the Ian-
1 guage of Scripture, "to take away from those
| who have not and give it to those who have."
j That is my doctrine about it. I do not know
; wiieie the $800,000 premium on gold isgonc; but
1 I venture to say that it is gone info the bands of
I those who could best have spared it m these times
! of privation and sacrifice.
| There is one other subject, sir, upon which I
; intended to remark; and that is that'two of these
! bills provide for the issue of notes bearing inter*
, est payable in coin. I am opposed to that.
! Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I would
I like to ask the gentleman a question. I do not
, think I quite understand him. Do I understand
- him to hold that the Secretary of the Treasury
| would have been justified in paying these debts of
theUnitedStaieswhichhadaccrued before thepas*
sage of the legal tender law, in Treasury notes?
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not understand thaJt
the debts had become due.
