vm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
sons; the manufacturers export the articles they
make out of it. There is a very large trade now
existing with South America in relation to these
articles, anil if we did not refund the duty upon
the alcohol used in these articles the articles would
not be made at all, for the manufacturers could
not afford to make them and send them abroad.
Mr. WALKER. 1 must beg leave to differ
with the gentleman from Yermontas to the result
which would follow the failure to refund this
duty. On the contrary, the foreigners who pur-
chase the articles would pay the duty.
The amendment was adopted.
The following section of the bill was read:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That spokes, hubs,
telloe*, grindstone coke, silver bullion, rolled or prepared
for platers', uss, exclusively; materials for the manufactuie
ofhoop-skirts exclusively, and unfitted for other use, (such
as steel-wire, rolled,, tempered, or covered, cut tapes, and
small wares for joining hoops together;) spindles, when
made exclusively for instruments, aitieley or machinery
upon which duties are aswoscd and paid; and all jjoods,
wares, and merchandise, and articles made or manufactmed
from materials which have been subject to and upon which
internal duties have been acturUy paid, or mntoiials im-
ported upon which duties have been paid, or upon which
no duties are imposed by (aw, wncre the increased value
of such goods, wares, and merchandise, and articles- so made
and manufactured, hball not exceed the amount of live per
cent, ad valorem, shall be, and hereby are, exempt fiom
duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to amend
by inserting after the word "spindles" the words
"and castings of all descriptions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SHGLLABARGER. t move to amend
further by adding the following at the end of the
section:
Provided, That there shall bo deducted fiorn the taxes im-
posed, by theprovifion-* of the act to which tins is an amend-
ment, upon manufactures of agricultural implements, the
amount of the taxes previously asseshed and paid under saul
act upon the materials entering into the construction uf such
implements.
I believe there i.s no objection to this amend-
ment on the part of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and i will not, therefore, detain the com-
mittee by an explanation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment.
Mr. SHELLABARCrER. I will then say a
word in explanation. The amendment simply
proposes that the manufacturers of agricultural
instruments shall not be taxed upon the materials
entering into their manufacture which have al-
ready paid a duty. It is known, from the expe-
rience we have already had, that those manufac-
turers cannot, in practice, add to the price of then*
articles the amount of the duty thus collected. I
submit that wo ought to encourage the improve-
ment of thia class of maimfactiues above all oth-
ers; and I trust, therefore, that this proposition
will commend itself to the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ry the action
of the committee in reducing the tax on ready-
made clothing from three per cent, to one per cent.,
it will take from (he Treasury a sum of not less
than $3,000,000. If this proposition ho adopted,
another large yum will be taken from the Treas-
ury. All of the.su articles of shovels, spades,and
scythes are now profitably manufactured, and
they are manufactured to a threat extent. A t the
present moment the Treasury of the country can-
not afford to spar^ the large amount that is pro-
poRcd by the gentleman ftom Ohio. Hy constant
nibbling, us seems to be the disposition on the
part of some gentlemen, we are likely to destroy
the efficiency of the bill. I hope that th " am* nd-
ment will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRISFJELD. I mo\e to amend by adding
the following, to come m as a new section:
And he it/urlkii enocted, That in e«timatii)2 the annual
&ains, profit, ami income of any person under the act to
which th> i  an amendment, the cost of productions-
eluding mterost actually paid on eaniud borrowed,^!!
first be deducted.
Mr. Chairman, I want to explain what is meant
by gains, income, and prout. It may be that those
words are susceptible: uf the construction that
gains, prof.t, and income which are to be taxed
are that which remains after the cost of produc-
tion and other charges have been deducted; that
that which is to be taxed is that which a man has
tn fay up or expend for the support of his family.
I have been informed tfiat such ia the construc-
tion placed on that language in the existing law
by the Commissioner ot Interne! R^vemte, How-
ever that may be, I know that such is not the con-
struction placed upon it in some of the collection
districts. Such is not the construction in my own
collection district. It will produce mischief unless
this explanation, or some such explanation, is in-
corporated. I hope that the committee will see !
the propriety of adopting my amendment. I do
not think that the construction placed on the
phrase is different from that inserted. If the dec-
laration of what is the meaning of the words be
inserted here it will greatly diminish litigation, j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, So far as the |
Committeeof Ways and Means is concerned there j
is no difference of opinion as to the law as it now
stands. I understand that the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue does not diifer in opinion from
the Committee of Ways and Moans. I do not see
the necessity for iccnacting that law. \ hope that
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. CRISFIELD. If that be the proper con-
struction of the law why not say so?
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to strike
out the twenty-seventh section, and in lieu there-
of to insert the following:
Provided farther, That whenever the duty hag been as-
sessed, or assessed and collected, at the full value thereof
upon cloths of silk. cotton, or other material manufactured
and removed from the place of manufacture prior to the 1st
of September, 166*2, or which were imported prior to the
passage of this act, and which have been dyed, printed,
bleaclicd, manufactured, or otherwise prepared since the
said l>t of September, 1$>2, the Commissioner of internal
Revenue, subject to the regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall be, and be hereby is, authorized and directed
to remit, refund, and pay back such proportion of said du-
ties an weie assessed upon the value of such cloths before
the same were so dyed, pimud, bleached, manufactured,
or otherwise prcpaied
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move a pro forma amend-
ment for the purpose of saying a word in reference
to the construction which is to bp placed on the
words referred to by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. CRisFir.i.n.j I do not think the matter
is so free from all doubt as the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Moruii.l] would have us believe.
1 received a letter from a gentleman from an adjoin-
ing district, that «uch a decision had been made.
Immediately I went to see the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue in ordei that all further doubts
on the subject might be removed. The Commis-
sioner was absent, but 1 was informed hy his
locum tcnens that no decision had been made, and
that the Commissioner did not desire that any
decision should be made until after the ad journ-
ment of Congress, i hope, therefore, that this
I fouse will take such aetion that no other construc-
tion can be put upon tin1 phraseology of the hill
than that which its framers intended. I submitted
my amendment merely for the purpose of making
this statement, and if there be no objection I will
withdraw it.
There was no objection,and itwas withdrawn.
Tin: amendment of Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,
wan agreed to.
The Cleik read the twenty-eighth section as
follows*
Sec. jW. And be il further nnuctt'd% That the Commis-
sioner ot Internal Revenue, sublet to the le^ulation* oi the
tfecrctaiy ot the Tteasuiv, shall he, and heieby is. amhot-
ized to mint, refund, ami pay nack all duties- erioneously
or illegally assessed or colW cted, and all judgments or .Minis
of money leeovered tn any court a^am^t any collector or
deput) collector lor any duties or liceiw.-. paid under pro-
test.
Mr. RAKER. I oST.,r th  following amend-
ment:
l.ine fiv\ dt«jr the wotvi collected,'' insertli including
the duti"> on premiums paid hy insur.inee companies prior
to the M '.>f September,
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say a word. By the
iaw which we passed, insurance companies were
compelkd to make a return of piemiums for the
quarter preceding the 1st of Octobei, 18&2, thus
having to nav taxes from the 1st of July instead
of the lut of September, when the act took effect.
It ia now propobed by the amendment to do an act
uf simple justice; the duty which th-;y paid pre-
viously to thar time shall be refunded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment; if we refund in one instance, we will
have to refund it in all others.
Mr, BAKER. This is not the first case. The
committee themselves have recommended cases in
which duties have been refunded.
The amendment was rejected; rh^n* being,nna
division—ayes 38, no«  56,
The Clerk read the twenty-ninth section, as
follows:
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That manufacturers
of lard oil and linseed oil shall be subject to the provisions
of the act to which this is an amendment, relating to dis
tillers of npirituous liquors, and designed for the purpose
of ascertaining the quantity produced, &o far as the same
may, m the judgment of the Commissioner of Internal
Uevenue, and under regulations to be prescribed by him,
be deemed necessary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to add
the following:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act
to which this act is an amendment, in lclation to returns
by manufacturers, and the payment and collection of duties
upon manufactured articles enumerated in section seventy-
five of oaul act, *hall be, and hereby aie, made applicable
to the pioducers of article* which are ai?.o mentioned in
said section and on which taxes ate levied.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, their Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, an
act (H. R. No. 712) to incorporate the St. Ann's
Infant Asylum in the District of Columbia.
The message also informed the House that the
Senate had passed bills of that body of the fol-
lowing titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 536) to incorporate an institution
for the education of colored youth in the District
of Columbia.
An act (No. 231) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to provide for the care and preservation
of the works constructed by the United States for
bringing the Potomac water into the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, for the supply of
said water for all Government puiposes, and for
the use and benefit of the inhabitants of said cities.''
An act (No. 532) to define the powers and du-
ties of the levy court of the county of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The committee resumed its session.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BENNET. Mr. Chairman, I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come m at the close of sec-
tion thirty-one:
And provided further, That the Federal taxes collected
and to bo collected m any ot the Teiritoi tes of the United
States under existing laws, be, and the same are hereby, set
apait, allowed, and appropriated to s-.au! Teuitori"s respect-
ively, nttcr deducting all expenses ioi the a-^es«nient and
collection of the >!imc; to be applied under the direction of
the Territorial Legi-Iature« to the construction of road*,
public buildings, payment of censu-j oxpen&es, and for ter-
i itoii.it lihiarion, ai> the -said Legislatutes nhall determine t
Provided also. That stamp duties* shall in nowi-e be charged
hy the lorcgoini^ provu-ion.
Mr. Chairman, in furtherance of my amend-
ment I will read the following extract from the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue:
" The returns received sdiow that the expenses of collect-
ing taxes in the Territories aie altogrthei disproportionate
to the income; indeed,tne income will barely meet the
cost of collection. It may be deemed wise economy to limit
the operation of the, tax law to the rftates. This icliof would
cneout.iuu nnmigiatiou, and ultimately increase the lcve-
nuos of the country.'7
Now, sir, we arc within u very few days of
the close of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, during
which there have been three sessions, and yet there
has not been a day nor an hour sk apatt for the
consideration of territorial business. The Ter-
ritories all have many needful appropriations to
ask for, but, by the great pivbs of business or
something else, the Delegate.) all have been pro-
hibited ftom pie&entingtheir wants to the consid-
eration of the House. In Congresses prior to this
it has been uniformly the practice to set apart two
or throe days at each session for territorial busi-
ness; but during this Congress, although your
Committee on Territories have several times asked
it, you have always denied the Territories this
privilege. The Territory i represent is one of
the three Territories lately organized, and conse-
quently there are many needful appropriations
necessary and proper to be asked for, oven in this
trying time to the national Treasury. But, sir,
inasmuch as the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue has told U3 in his report that the revenue was
not materially increased by the taxes m the Ter-
ritories, and expressed it to lie, in his opinion, a
wise economy to exclude them from taxation, I
thought I would offer this amendment. While
this ooinjon of the Commissioner i« true in the
