m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
standing of the Committee of Ways and Means
in regard to the effect of this bill.
M r. MORRILL, ol Vermont. I trust the amend-
ment wilt not be adopted. While I have no doubt
that the country wilt be in a condition to pay these
bonds in coin, yet, as we cannot know that with
$ny absolute certainty, I do not want that we shall
isake that stipulation. 1 know that we can pay
the interest on these bonds in coin \ and 1 presume
that long before the expiration of the twenty years
the country will have resumed specie payments,
$nd that the bonds will be paid as they have ever
hitherto been paid. But lestit should happen that
we are not then in the enjoyment of peace and
cannot redeem our bonds in coin, I want this to
remain, as our public debt has hitherto remained,
without any absolute stipulation in relation to
that subject.
While I am up, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call
the attention of the committee to this matter. Sup-
pose that twenty years hence disturbances like
those of the present day should exist, and that this
Stipulation should have been made, what would be
the extent of the premium that would have to be
paid, according to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, who has just addressed you ? Would it
not magnify and extend our national debt to at
least a larger sum than it would reach if the inter-
est were paid in coin, allowing the provision for ul-
timate payment of the principle to remain as it is ?
Then there is another question in relation to
this point that I desire, being on the floor, to no-
tice. If we. were to adopt the suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Air. Stevens,]
and pay the interest on our bonds only in legal
tender notes, wc should be compelled to sell those
bonds at a proportionately less rate and realize a
proportionately less sum for them than by pay-
ing the interest «u gold. They could not fie sold
for anything like their par value. I hope, there-
fore, that the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not pirvnil, and that the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom Massachusetts will
not prevail.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I have un-
derstood from the outset that this bill of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not embark us in
any new policy, but that all the bonds which they
propose to issue were ultimately to be paid in
coin.
In reply to a suggestion of the gentleman from
Vermont, as to the payment of so large an amount
in coin at one time, I beg leave to say that the bill
itself, as it is now befoie us, does not propose to
fix absolutely the time of the ultimate icdemption
of these bonds, and therefore his argument, as to !
the possible condition of the country when they :
bccome due, is not a sound one. The juov is ion
is that they are to be paid at any time after twenty !
years from date, at the pleasure of the Govern- ;
ment. j
Let me say also in reply to another suggestion ij
of the gentleman from Vermont, that if the pay- ji
ment of the interest upon theee bonds m eui reney, !;
instead ofcoin, will have the disastrous effect upon 'j
their market value which he stales, with how much '!
greater force does his argument apply to his own ^
proposition to pay the principal itself in currency ! ,\
The gentleman from Vermont, therefore, piesents d
an unanswerable argument against his own prop- |{
osition. I will say very frankly that I can never \\
give my vote for this bill unless it is understood j'
that these bonds are ultimately to be paid in com.
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. I move to amend ;|
the amendment by inserting, after the words " in i|
coin," the words "and bullion." I offer this Ij
amendment merely to enable m^ to say that the 'j
Committee o{ Ways and Means have not in this n
provision departed from the language usually em- ij
ployed in reference to the negotiation of these ij
long bonds. We do not propose, even in these ji
times of distress, to make promises additional to ,j
those the Government have heretofore made. I !
have no doubt that these bonds will ultimately be ^
paid in coin. ;
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tlenian says that the committee have notd«*r>arted \\
from the language usually employed. Let me !'
call to his attention the fact that the same language !'
was employed in the net of the last session; and j;
y$t, „with |500,000,000 of bonds at his disposal, }>
the Secretary was only able to dispose of the sum >1
of$25,000,000 in a year. ji
Mr. MORRILL, ofYermont. Because a double l!
time was provided for their payment. The lan-
guage is precisely the same as has heretofore been
used by the Government in the debts it has con-
tracted. The effect has been always construed in
this country to hold the Government for payment
when the period mentioned had expired. 1 am
aware that a diiferentconstruction has been given
in England; but the construction here has been
as 1 have stated.
Mr. HORTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont, which is to
include bullion with gold in the payment of these
bonds; and am in favor of the. amendment of the
gentleman fromMassachusetts, to make them pay-
able in gold. I wish to say here that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in framing this bill,
neverdreamed tluitthese twenty yeais bonds were
to be payable m anything other than gold, until
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
told it yesteiday upon the flour of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not like to refer to what
occurred in corumittce, but I ask the gentleman
from Vermont whether he did not state that he
expected they would be paid in l^gnl money?
Mr. HORTON. 1 say to the gentleman and to
this committee, that I never heard an expression
by any member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, of the possibility that these bonds wVe
to be payable in anything other than com. The
form here proposed, is the foim always used by
the Government in the issue of these bonds, and
they have always been paid in cont up to this day.
Even as late as the 31st day of December, the
bonds then coming due were paid in coin in ac-
cordance with the uniform established piactice of
the Governnt>'hi.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ought to say that I am in-
formed by the gentleman ftom Vermont that he
did not make the remaik in committee which I
just attributed to him. I so understood him.
Mr. HORTON. I know nothing of any such
remaik.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it not the low that these
seven-thirty bonds may be paid in lawful money (
I put the question to the gentleman as a lawyer.
Mi. HORTON. I cannot say that it is the law.
If there is any doubt on the subject, I hope the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, providing expressly for payment in coin,
will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, withdrew his
amendment.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Thomas, of
Massachusetts, was adopted.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to amend the bill
in the twelfth line, on page 2, by striking out the
words t{ not less than par," leaving the Secretary
of the Treasury at liberty to sell the bonds for
whatever he can get m the mtnket.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 h ope that amendment will
not be adopted. I believe that if it is adopted,
before the yeai is out the bonds of this Govern-
ment will be selling at seventy-five cents on the
dollar, and payment to be made tor them in cur-
rency, which has already depreciated thirty or
foity per cent. If tins amendmuu is adopted, I
believe that before the j'ear is out wc will not be
able to realize fifty cents on the dollar in gold for
these bonds.
The idea upon which we have heretofore pro-
ceeded has been to issue legal tender notes in suf-
ficient amount, as some gentleman has expressed
it, to float these bonds and keep them at par.
That has been the policy of our previous legisla-
tion upon this subject. I hope the House will
not make such a departure from that policy as to
authorize the«e bonds to be sold at less than par.
Mr. SPAULDING. The question has been
raised on former bills as to the power of the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury to raise money on these
bonds by selling them ut whatever they would
bring m the maiket. We now propose to g-ive
hint ample power, so that there can be no question
as to what his duty shall be when he has fallen
short of money, and cannot get it in any other
way. We propose to give him power to sell these
bonds at whatever they will bring in the market,
without restriction of any kind whatever, so that
oursoldiersshall not umain unpaid whenever we
are indebted to them for service rendered.
Mr. LOVEJOY rose.
Mr. SPAULDING. J prefer not to be inter-
rupted. 1 will remaik that this amendment was
submitted to the Secretary of the Treasury on Sat-
urday by a sub-committee of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and approved by him.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order.
He has no right to state what the head of any De-
partment desires on this subject. It is unparlia-
mentary.
Mr. HOOPER. I should differ with the gen-
tleman from New York at any rate in his state-
ment as to a matter of fact. 1 was present at the
interview to which he refers, and 1 did not under-
stand the Secretary to approve the amendment.
Mr. SPAULDING. Will the gentleman say
the Secretary did not ask for that power?
Mr. HOOPER. I say that I did not so under-
stand him. He merely assented to it, if the power
was given to him. 1 did not understand that he
was in favor of it.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the gentleman is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of oi d  r.
Mr. SPAULDING. And I will state further,
that the same opinion is expressed and the same
point made by the Secretary in his annual report.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
Mr. SPAULDING. That is the point the Sec-
retary of the Treasury makes in his report: that
he does not want any restriction to be placed upon
the sale of these bonds. In his communication
addressed to this House, he said that, because of
the lestriction of the foi mer law, he could not sell
the bonds to pay the soldiers. He wants the re-
striction taken off. He explicitly told the House
that that was what he wanted.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has been
ruled out of order, and yet he proceeds out of
order.
Mr. SPAULDING. I beg the pardon of the
House.
Mr. HORTON. Does the Chairman sustain
the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that it is not in older.
Mr. HORTON. If we are not to consult the
Secretary of the Treasury on matters of finance,
how are we to get along? I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I want to have this
matter decided.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask the Clerk
to read from page 59 of the Manual.
The Clerk read, as follows:
It i> highly expedient, ?aj s Hatsel,for the due preserva-
tion of the. ptivilegrs, of the f-opaiate benches of the legis-
laNiic, that neither should ennroiirh on the oilier, or inter-
fere in anymaiter dep. nding betoie them, - o as to pieclude,
oi even influence, tiiatfieedom of debate winch is essential
to a fiee council. Tin-y aic therefore not to take notice of
any bills or other matter® depending1, or of votes that hava
been given, or^f" t-peeehes vtineh have been held, by the
membei.s or cither of the otner blanches ot the legislature,
until the same have boon communicated to them in the
u-ual p.uliainenMry manner. Thus the king's taking nq-
tiee of the bii! for supplying ^)ldieis , d(pending before
the JI oum ■; hi<- piopoMn? it piovi^iotidi i lau-e lor a bill be-
fore it \va< pre^'nted to him by the two Houses; Ins ex-
pressmsdi-pleaMite asain>t mhhc persons for matters moved
in Parliament during "the debate and pieparation of a bill,
weie breaches ot pimlege ; and in 17^n. December .17, it
wa- declared a broach of fundamental pnvileges, 8cc., to
leport any opinion or pretended opinionof the king on any
inii or proceeding depending in either House of Parliament,
with a view to influence the votes of the members.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that my
fiieod from Ohio will withdraw his appeal.
Mr. HORTON. As it seems to be a knotty
question, I do withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURN E moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 51, noes 59.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move an amendment pro
forma to the amendment, for the purpose of enter-
ing my protest against striking out the words" less
than par." 1 protest in the name of financial de-
cency against striking them out. I protest, after
these financial doctors have brought us from the
clear fields of specie into the bottomless bogs of
paper currency, against the financial indecency of
striking them out. If the bonds of the United
States are not as good as the ragged currency of
the banks, I insist then that we may as well be
bankrupted now as at any other time. The com-
mittee here represents capital and not labor.
Mi. MORRILL, of Vei mont. I think that the
amendment ought to prevail as originally moved
by the gentleman from New York. While I was
formerly of the opinion that it was entirely wrong
to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to sell our
