1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
bill is concerned. We all know what that is. In
Pennsylvania the docket fee is four dollars a case.
If the case is contested, and itgoes to the supreme
court, then the fee is twenty dollars.
Mr. PIKE. A distiict attorney receives five
dollars a day for attending court. These two hun-
dred attorneys, to be appointed under the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, iis I un-
derstand it, would each of them receive five dollars
a day for attending court. As 1 understand it, the
district attorney lias a fee for constructive attend-
ance on each day of the court, and these attorneys
would also have constructive attendance.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course the amendment
of the gentleman from New York refers to cases
distant from courts which are attended to, if at-
tended to at all, by attorneys appointed for that
purpose. Now, I know from recentexaminations
that more than $12,000,000 has been lost to the
United States Government within the last few
years, because the district attorneys do not receive
fees for prosecuting suits. I know that that
amount of money has been lost to the Govern-
ment, because there was no inducement to prose-
cute the suits.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I oppose pro
forma the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania in order to see if I cannot clear up a doubt.
I think my colleague, [Mr. Van Wyck,] who
offered the last amendment, has become so astute
in matters of investigation that he surmises fraud
where it cannot be found. Now, I undertake to
say that this amendment, as it stands, so far from
increasing the outgo from the Treasury, will di-
minish it if honestly executed. It is true, as the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] says, that dis-
trict attorneys are entitled to mileage for going
from their homes to the court.
Mr. PIKE. To per diem.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If my friend will
wait I will speak of that in a moment. In the
State in which I live the district attorney, as I
have had occasion to say before, in some instances
travels four or five hundred miles to attend court.
What is the proposition here? It is to allow the
collector in each collection district to designate
an attorney on the spot, who is to act for him in
such matters as would otherwise go to the district
attorney, and who, when he acts, shall receive
only the fees which the district attorney receives
in such cases. Can he receive mileage for travel-
ing hundreds of miles? Can he receive a per
diem for attending court, as the district attorney
cannot, I think, in civil cases? No, sir. He will
receive precisely the fees as fixed by the fee bill
in the Federal courts. He will receive precisely
what the district attorney would receive if he was
on the spot. As it is, the collectors cannot refer
to the district attorney for advice, as he resides
too far off fiom all the collectors save one. The
district attorney a will have hu nd reds of these cases
to attend to, in which he is the attorney pro forma.
The collector derives no benefit by way of advice,
and the assessor derives none. Hut when the
cases are disposed of the district attorney takes
his bill of costs just as an attorney would in the
collection district who had rendered twice the act-
ual service. Is that right? Is it expedient? Is
it the best way? The original proposition meets
alt this.
Mr. UINGIIAM. I ask whether the amend-
ment suggested by the chairman of the. Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will not carry out en-
tirely the views of the gentleman from New York?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I hope it will;
although.1 am sorry the amendment of my col-
league last offered prevailed. 1 think the pending
amendment will correct it.
The question being on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment-
Mr. PIKE demanded tellers.
Tellers weie not ordt red.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE i'ROM TUN SliA'ATK.
The committee rose informally; and a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its Secretary,
announced that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the second committee of conference on the
finance lull.
Also, that the Senate insisted on its amend-
ments to she Court of Claims bill, and asked a
conmiiuei- of conference thereon.
Also, that thu Senate agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 515) to au-
thorize an increase in the number of major gen-
erals and brigadier generals for forces in the ser-
vice of the United States.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 468) to extend the charter of the Alexandria
and Washington Railroad Company, and for other
purposes, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The committee resumed its session; and the
hour of four and a half o'clock having arrived,
the committee took a recess to seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. m., (Mr. Cox in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL,
the question being on Mr. Roscoe Conkling's
amendment.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it as follows:
And may also appoint marshals who shall cxecute all
process which shall originate in their respective districts,
and shall receivc the same fees as marshals of the United
States are now entitled to receive by law.
The proposition of the gentleman from New
York is to authorize the appointment of something
over two hundred attorneys to represent the Gov-
ernment in courts of the United States. It might
be a grave question, Mr. Chairman, if it were
worth while to make a constitutional argument
on the subject, whether this would not be a vio-
lation of that provision of the Constitution which
authorizes the President, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint embassadors and
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointment is not otherwise pro-
vided for; but Congress may also vest the appoint-
ment of such inferior officers as they think proper
in the President, the courts of law, or the heads
of Departments. This proposition vests the ap-
pointment of these officers in none of the author-
ities mentioned in this clause of the Constitution.
I am aware that it may be said these are not offi-
cers, but they are to perform the duties of officers.
If we can thus evade that provision in the Con-
stitution, we may assign every duty that is now
incumbent on the district attorney to any other
person that we may think proper, and thus divest
him of all other authority in regard to the matter.
For what purpose are these officers to be ap-
pointed? Is it to do the business of the United
States, or is it that they may be the consulting
agents and advisers of these collectors? Sir, the
assessor and collector in my district have thought
proper to acquaint themselves with their own du-
ties at their own expense, and I think that the col-
lectors and assessors of every other district should
do the same.
Now, sir, tho amendment which I propose is,
that the collectors shall also appoint marshals,
and I think that should be followed up by allow-
ing them to organize coui ts for the hearing of these
causes. There is as good reason for the one as
for the other. I think that this shows the absurd-
ity, if not the danger, of departing from the usual
mode of doing business.
1 say nothing of the sort of selections that may
be made of these attorneys. 1 assume that proper
men will be selected; but then we all have our
friends, and it may be very convenient for col-
lectors to appoint attorneys that arc near to them,
not only by vicinity, but, perhaps, by tics of
blood. Again, sir, it would be very agreeable for
a district attorney who has a small salary and a
large district, as in the interior cities, to sit by in
court with nothing to do, while the United States
are represented by three gentlemen coming from
the tluee collection districts in his own State, do-
ing all the business for lnm, and taking his fees.
If this proposition can be maintained, itis a very
extraoidmary thing.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is it in order to
inquire of the gentleman from New Hampshire
whether or not he intends to vote for his own
amendment?
The question was taken on Mr. Edwards's
amendment, and it was rejreted.
Mr. VAN WYCTC. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, also, That no such attorney sliitll receive in
any one year more than .$1 25 from the Treasury of the
United States for such seivlce.
My friend and colleague [Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling] urged that the adoption of his amendment
would be an actual saving to the Treasury of the
United States. He says that in one district there
are some six or seven hundred cases in the hands
of the district attorney; but I think that his ex-
perience, as well as that of every member of the
bar of New York, is that out of these seven hun-
dred cases, fifty of them will not be brought to
judgment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The prob-
ability is that not fifty of them should ever have
been brought.
Mr. VAN WYCK. There are a great num-
ber of merely technical violations of the law; and
if you allow collectors to appoint attorneys, they
will be appointed from merely political or per-
sonal motives, and they will have a direct interest
in making as many prosecutions as they can for
mere technical violations of the law. They will
be hunting up cases all over the district, and at
the end of the year their claims against the Gov-
ernment will amount to one or two or three thou-
sand dollars. I am willing that every collector
shall appoint his own attorney, and let him look
to the judgment for his fees. I desire that no
more than 01 25 a year shall be paid out of the
Treasury to any of these attorneys in any one
year.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to move to
amend further, that no gentleman shall be #ap-
pointed to this office who is a candidate for brig-
adier general. [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. laccept that amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the section now as
amended; I have not reduced it to writing, but I
will ask the Clerk to take it down:
Tlmt the collector in each district shall be authorized to
designate an attorney todefendhim in suits brought against
him for his official acts, and also to pio-eciue for penalties
lucurrcd under this act and the act whereof this is amend-
atory, and that the attorney so designated shall receive in
each case the fees to which the district attorney by the fee
bill would be entitled t , and no more.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise ton
question of order. The original proposition of
tne gentleman from Vermont is an amendment.
There is an amendment to the amendment already
pending;, and I submit that the amendment of the
gentleman from New York is not therefore in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man may offer his amendment as a substitute.
Mr. PIKE. I raise this question of order: I
submit that the amendment is in fact striking out
what the committee has already inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. SEDGWICK. If my colleague will with-
draw his amendment, I will submit one which I
have reduced to form.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will hear the
amendment of my colleague.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I submit the following:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall have
power to employ an attorney to proscc ute and defend suits
tuning under this act, in which the Government n inter-
ested, in any collection district where he may deem it ne-
ces ary; and when so employed Miehauornev *lmll lecnve
the compensation to which the district attorney would be
entitled it'the service were rendered by ium,ai d no more.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will acceptth«
amendment, modifying it so as to provide that the
collector, with the approval of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, shall make the appointments.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue already
has a discretion more than ten men could well
exercise, and I think we had not better impose on
him the additional duty of appointing these men.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I rise to op-
pose this amendment. I believe that one of the
complaints named in the Declaration of Independ-
ence was that a swarm of officers had been sen:
among the people to eat out their substance. And
I believe that nothing can make this tax subject
so unpopular with the people as the multiplication
of officials having connection with it. I do noi
know but gentlemen may treat this as a joke, but
I believe the fact of the appointment of attorneys
in these different districts, would be to multiply
ten-fold the litigatioii that would otherwise occur.
These attorneys will be, in a great measure, de-
