1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pendent for theirsupport upon such litigation, and
they would avail themselves of every breach of
law to bring suits. The result of this, I foresee,
will be to make the measure very unpopular with
the people.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. As I understand
it, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue has
power now to employ counsel in any single ease
where he shall see fit. At least he so construes
his authority.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Under the
construction usually given, Government officers
have the power to do almost anything they please.
The amendment of Mr. Roscoe Conkling was
disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word.
Mr. PORTER. If I understand correctly the
provisions of the law as it now stands, where in-
formation is filed the collector is entitled to one
half the amount recovered. If that be so, the
amount would ordinarily be sufficient to pay the
cost of the prosecution, including the pay of an
attorney.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I understand
the subject, there is perhaps a necessity for some
provision to be made for the employment of
counsel, but the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue thinks he has sufficient power already to
employ counsel in all cases jn which it is neces-
sary. Now, as this proposition has become so
variously mixed up in the course of the proceed-
ings here this aftei noon, t have no doubt it would
be better to dispense with any provision 011 the
subject. I hope, therefore, the whole amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. JOHNSON". I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman fiom Vermont. 1 have generally
pursued the course of allowing the gentlemen
having charge of these measures to ai range them
according to their own notions; but it occurs to
me that they are spending a great deal of time
unnecessarily upon this subject. I understand
that the district attorney has power to appoint
deputies through his district, and that should dis-
pense with the necessity of the appointment of
persons by any other authority to perform that
duty.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Where does he
get that authority ?
Mr JOHNSON. I understand the district
attorney has power to delegate his authority to
another. He must, it is true, attend in person to
his business in the district court, hut' he has the
power to deputize persons to attend to business
that may incidentally arise in various portions of
his district. What, then, is the necessity of desig-
nating another class of persons to appoint these
men to perfoim this duty? It is not likely that
lawyers of good standing will take these appoint-
ments, and the consequence will be that a class
of inferior inrn will be appointed who will be de-
pendent upon this as a means ofsuppm t, and who
will encourage every species of litigation for that
purpose.
Now, I think the compensation we £ivc these
collectors is amply sufficient to enable them to
employ their own counsel. The collector of my
district- has one of the ablest lawyers 111 the State
for his counsel. And the same is true in reference
to these officers m other districts. I see no neces-
sity for the employment of these attorneys, as is
here provided in any event. If it is necessary
for the collector to have counsel, let him employ
it in each case as lie may find it necessaiy, as
they can very well do out of the compensation
which you give them; but if you are to piovide
specially for counsel, why not let it be furnished
in the ordinary way by the district attorney.' Rut,
as I have already said, there is really no need of
making special provision on this subject, and the
result will be, if you do, to lender your tax
measuies moie unpopular with the people,as the
gentleman from Massachusetts remarks, by send-
ing a swarm of office-holders among them to eat
out their substance.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I withdraw my
amendment, and now move that the committee
ri*e for the purpose of closing-debate upon the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the clmir, Air. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 770) to amend the internal rev-
enue law, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I movethatall
debate, including the five minutes debate, upon the
bill under consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, be closed in one
minute after the committee shall again resume its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Col-
fax in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the House bill (No. 770) to amend the internal
revenue law.
The question recurred upon adopting the new
section as amended, and being put, it was decided
in the negative.
Mr. BLAKE moved to amend by adding the
foHowmg new section:
Sec. —. Jltul he it further enactcd, That apothecaries who
have taken our ;i licence as such, shall not be required to
take out an additional license retail dealer*? in liquors, to
authorize the sale of wine and spirituous liquors for facia-
mental, medicinal.01 mechanical purpose*: Provided, That
no apothecary-hull he authorized to iciatl wine niuUpuit-
iiou-- liquor* other than a pure article, and then only foi
the puipoMj-. named in this act.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I rise to a point
of order. It is that the amendment has already
been considered and voted down.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
closing part of the section is different from the
former one, and therefore he overrules the point or
order.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
the following new section:
tfre —. .'In:! he it further enactcd, That the, Assistant
TieaMiier ot the United States at San Francisco i* re-
quued. umlei the int-midion*. of the Commi-Monoi of In-
fernal Revenue. to audit, allow, and pay the accounts for
<-.m vice-- of (lie collector-; and ns<e«sois of California, Ore-
gun, and Nevada Temtoiy, subject to the revision of said
Ooiiumssionei.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I move to amend by add-
ing the following additional section:
See. —. Jlnd he it further enacted, That t lie time granted
to the Slate* of Tennessee and Louisiana to assume the
payment of the dncet tax appoitioned to {-aid States by an
act entitled "An act to [it o vide metered levenue from hn-
poil-. in pay intcier-t on the public debt, and S01 otherpur-
po-es,"approved August . he, and i* hcieby,extended
to tiic l.st (iny of Jauuaiy, iklvt; rind that the ptovisions of
an act entitled a An aci for the collection of direct taxes in
jusiurectionaiy dMuets m the United .state-, and tot other
puipo~< s." approved June 7, iFGO. aie heiebv suspended in
the States ot Tennessee and Louisiana until the 1st day of
Jamiaiy. 1801; and that if the <-uid States shall, on ot bt-
ion; the J-tday of .fanuaiy, IStfl, pav into the United State-*
Tiea<ury, 01 assume picpaiatoiy 1 < • paying said tax into the
TienstirV, ihev shall not liable to pay the lifts per cent,
in addition to said tat chained on the laiuN ot said States
by ihe beiuionaiu< it a<_t appi"\ed June 7,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call for tellers.
Telhn.s were oidered; and Mr. Grow and Mr.
Clements were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tollers report-
ed—ayes 35, noes Gl.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I move that the
committee now rise, and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union geneially
under consideration, and particularly fJousu bill
No. 770, to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and pay interest on the public debt," approved
July 1,' 18(52, and for other purposes, and had di-
rected him to report the same to the House wuh
vanous amendments.
Mr. MORIULL, of Vermont. I now offer a
substitute for the bill as amended in tlie Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The substitute was sent to the Clerk's table.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rise to a question of
privilege. It is to make a report from a commit-
tee of conference. I send the report to the Clerk's
desk to be rea-d.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the twenty-third amendment of theSea-
ate to the bdl (H. R. No. 659) to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government, having met, after full
and free conference have been unable to agree.
JOHN SHERMAN,
J. COLLAMER,
B. F. HARDING,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. B. WASHBURNE.
II. L. DAWES,
E. G. SPAULDING,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I now move that the
House recede from its disagreement to the Senate
amendment, and upon that I demand the previous
question.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. DAWES. I ifsk the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. For what purpose?
Mr. DAWES. To allow me to make a state-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot withdraw for
that purpose. I will withdraw it for the purpose
of saying that the effect of my motion is to bring
the House to a vote upon receding from its disa-
greement to the Senate amendment. I renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Now, will the gentleman with-
draw for me?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I cannot.
Mr. DAWES. He withdraws it long enough
to make some remarks himself.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. My point is that
the only motion now in order is a motion to con-
cur in the Senate amendment, and not to recede
from our disagreement to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
pending.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Then I make the
point that this proposition, in the form in which
it comes before us, must be first considered in the-
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
This House, m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, fixed certain taxes, and it was
adopted by the House after it was fixed in the
Committee ofthe Whole. There comes here, now,
this proposition to increase that tax, and I ask for
the reading of the 111th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the point of order is not well taken, because the
House has considered this precise proposition,
and appointed a committee of conference upon it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Well, I call for
the reading of the 111th rule, to be found on page
1G5 of Barclay's Manual.
The rule was read, as follows:
C1 No «um or quantum of tax or duty voted by a Committee
of the Whole Hoiho shall be mciea^ed m the Hou-o until
the motion or proposition tor such niciease shall be first
discussed and voted jn a Committee of the Whole House;
and so m ror-pcct to the tune of its. continuance."
The SPEAKER. After the House has con-
sidered this proposition it is too late to laisc the
point. There is no question but that the House
has consideied this very proposition.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. When did tfiey
consider it?
The SPEAKER. When they appointed two
different committees of conference upon it. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
The question recurring upon the motion that
the House recede from its disagreement to the
Senate's amendment, upon which the previous
question was demanded—
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidered;and Mr. Wasiiburne and
Mr. Dawes were a [(pointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers repor:cd—
ayes 49, noes 58.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I desire,to detain the House
but a moment, and sinplv to ie*t th" o" •" '*> ,
and poiiH no: vv  vv ■! . . . • : . . ■
ofthegerJtienw.n fimn iliieois pi *y.u<f. v* < "
understood that the adoption ofthe bank hill was
merely to give an opportunity for introducing tl:e
