1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
system of national banking under the auspices
of that bill, with the express understanding that
there should be no coercion of other banks into
the measure.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the proposition of the Sen-
ate, if adopted by the House, will, by implication,
as is claimed by the friend&of the measure, in the
first instance reduce the tax upon the circulation,
under the new banking system, from what it was
fixed at in the bill, and upon which it obtained a
majority of the votes of this House; namely, from
two per cent, to one. That is the first result if
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois prevails.
The second is, that it will put the Government of
the United States in hostile array against all other
banking interests of the country, and all other in-
terests, industrial and others,connected therewith.
It is a proclamation to the bonking interest of this
country, as now constituted, that such has been
.its course during this war, that such is its pres-
ent attitude, such its relations to the Government
and country at this time, and such is the strength
of the Government, that it can afford to put itself
in hostile array to all that banking interest, and
crush it out.
I submit, sir, that there is nothing in the past
history of this large and patriotic interest in this
country that either calls for or justifies any such
treatment at the hands of this Government. The
banking institutions of New York have this day
not only loaned every dollar they are worth, but
three dollars for every two of their capital at this
moment to carry on this war.
With a capital of $108,000,000 to-day they have
loaned to the Government and stand Us creditor
mote than $150,000,000. The banking interest of
New England stands in precisely the same rela-
tion to the Government; and this day it has loaned
more than all jt is worth to the Government dur-
ing this war; at a lime,too, when the Government
would have gone to peidiuon had it not been for
this interest coming to its rescue. ! submit that
it is true that when money could be obtained from
no other source if) this Union, the Secretary of the
Treasury went to the citiep of Philadelphia, New
York, and Boston, and $100,000,000 were taken
from the capital of the banks and loaned to the
Government to carry on this war; and then
$50,000,000 more at another time. And when they
sought to make the arrangement that it might be
held as a deposit, on which to check according to
the current calls of the Government, they were
denied that advantage, and were compelled to pay
that $50,000,000 in gold, They were forced, sir,
by the Government itself into suspension.
Now, sir, after having put themselves in this
position, having done more than any other insti-
tution, having done more than any other associ-
ation of men in the country, so far as the material
interests connected with the war are concerned,
it is to bo proclaimed to them that they are to be
forced to wind up or seek refuge in this new bank
bill, passed on the express understanding that
there should be no coercion on the other institu-
tions. I say it is to be proclaimed to them that
the whole force of the Government is to be ar-
rayed against them. Sir, they are willing to bear
their share of the burdens of these times. Tiiey
arc willing to cany their full measure of the load
which thife. rebellion lias heaped upon us. But,
sir, they have done nothing, nor have the indus-
trial pursuits bound up with them, to justify their
being driven to extremity by the legislation of the
country. They have done nothing that justifies
any hostile attack upon them. I do not object to
an institution with the facilities and superiorities
which the friends of this new bill claim for it—
such as being relieved from State burdens that
rest on the other banks—taking all the advantages
it can obtain in the country. I have no objection
to its establishing itself in the country, as I have
no doubt it can.
Have we not enough to carry in the necessities |
of the times? Why, Mr. Speaker, these banks,
with all the State tax, amounting in New York to
three per cent, on their capital, and in New Eng-
land to well-nigh that same amount,are called to
pay two per cent, on their circulation, in addition
to three per cent, on their profits, to the national
Treasury. They are called upon to pay the State
tax, and to pay all other taxes, and are now called
upon to pay on their circulation one per cent, for
two years, if this motion of the gentleman from
Illinois shall prevail, and after that two per cent.
For what, sir? That this Government, by forc-
ing them to wind up or come under the new sys-
tem, may arrogate to itself the control, not only of
the powers which the Constitution gives it, but of
the currency of the country itself; not only that it
may have an opportunity to establish institutions
under the new bill, but that it shall have power to
coerce every other institution into a system where
it may be controlled. I am willing to see these
banks have imposed on them one percent, for rev-
enue as a fair share of the national burden, but
along with burdens of the Government comes the
attempt to coerce them into winding up or adopt-
ing the new system. This attempt lies confess-
edly in the two percent. J t says also to the banks
of deposit of the cities, banks with one million of
capital and five or ten millions of deposits, that
they shall not be required to bear any of these
burdens, while the banks of the country, which
depend on thcircirculation for their life—to which
that circulation is as necessary as the circulation
of the blood is to the human system—are to be
extinguished, or, in the language of the day, they
are to be induced to adopt this new system " by
so heating the house they live in that they will
be compelled to escape from it."
This compulsory inducement I will not adopt. I
trust, instead of adopting this principle, the House
will send the matter to another committee ofcon-
ference. If the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois shall fail, I give notice that I shall move for
the reference of the matter to another committee
of conference; and 1 hope that some arrangement
will, by such a committee, be made consistent
with the imposition on thebanks of theirshare of
the burden, without going one step further for
compulsion. 1 trust the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois will not prevail, but that a new con-
fluence will be granted.
Mr.WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker,I approach
the discussion of the subject under consideration
with, I trust, none of the feeling exhibited by my
distinguished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] It is usual, when a committee of con-
ference jcports, to have the vote taken on that re-
puit at once, and I do not recollect of hardly an
instance when the House has refused to second
the demand for the previous question on the re-
port of a committee of conference. They have
done so, however, in this instance, in order to
permit the gentleman from Massachusetts to be
heard in opposition to the amendmentof the Sen-
ate, a concurrence in which has been moved by
me.
1 wish to call the attention of the House to the
question of difieience presented between the two
Houses.
The bill of the House, the eighth section, pro-
vided what I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
9ec. 8. Jlnd be it fmlhcr enacted, That all banks, asso-
ciation*, coiporanoas, or individual* issuing notes or bills
(or circulation as currency shaft bo subject to and pay a
duty of one per cent ca^h half year from and alter April I,
18GJ, upon tlic average amount of en filiation oi notes or bills
as curtency ifMied beyond the amount heieiualter named ;
that is to -ay, bank*', association*, corporations, or indi-
viduals having a capital ot' not over $100,000, ninety per
cent, theieof j over $100,000 and not over §200,000, eighty
per cent, theieof; over $'200,000 and not over $300,000, sev-
enty percent thereof; ovei $300,000 and not over $500,000,
sivty pet cent theieot; over $500,000 and not over
$1,000,000, fifty per cent, thereof; over $1,000,000 and nor
over $1,500,000, forty per cent, theieof; ovei $J .500,000 and
notovei $2,000,000, thirty per cent.theieot; over $2,000,000,
twenty-five per cent, thereof. In the ease ot banks with
branches, the d lit j herein piovidetf for shall be imposed upon
the circulation oi the note* ot (nils of'tmch branches sever-
ally, and not upon the roii ite circulation of ail; and the
amount of capital of each branch s-hall he consuleied to be
the amount allotted to oi used by such branch.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Now, the Senate has
amended the House bill by providing what I will
read to the House, so that the two propositions
can be clearly comprehended. It is this:
Cine half of one per cent, each half year from and after
April J, 1863, until the I-t day of April, 1865, upon the av-
erage amount of notes or bills outstanding as currency dur-
ing the six months next preceding the u'turn hereinafter
provided for; and on and after said Ut day of April, 1865,
said tax or duty shall be one per cent, each half year there-
after on said average amount.
If the House has listened, they will see where
the point of difference is. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has started out here and made an
appeal to the House in behalf of the banks of the
country, and in regard to what the effect of the
Senate amendment will be upon them. He says
that the Government is, by this amendment, pla-
cing itself in hostile array against the banks of the
country. Now, let gentlemen here, let the Rep-
resentatives of the people of this country who de-
sire to see the country sustained, and who desire
to see every interest of the country bear its just
proportion of the burdens of this war, see whether
or not the Government is oppressing the bank
more than any other interest which is required to
bear its proportion of the burdens to sustain it.
How is this bill in hostile array against the banks?
What is it that the banks now pay to the Govern-
ment under your tax bill for their bills? You
have provided no tax whatever upon the issue of
their notes and shinplasters. Every other interest,
all other machinery is taxed, but your shinplaster
machinery is exempt. And when we, the Rep*
resentatives of the people, come in here and ask
that the banks shall bear their just proportion, the
Government is accused of arraying itself in a hos-
tile attitude towards the banks. What is this hos-
tile attitude ? Why, you impose a tax of only one
per cent, for the first two years, and then, after
that, only two per cent.; and yet we are told that
this measure of justice to the people who pay the
taxes of the country is a measure arraying us
against the banks of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. As I understand this matter,
we provided in the bank bill that all banks that
shall be established under that bill shall be taxed
two per cent, per annum—that is, one per cent,
every half year—on their issue. And here is a
proposition to tax them two per cent., being an
act of later date, which would make four per cent,
per annum, as I understand it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the gentleman
does not understand it aright. There is nothing
of thatkind in thie amendmentof the Senate. The
amendments so plain that ho who runs may read.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
inform the House what is the object of doubling
the tax after two years?
Mr. WASHBURNE. What tax?
Mr. DAWES. The tax on bank circulation.
What is the object of doubling it after two years >
Mr. WASHBURNE. The object of the law
is to impose such a tax upon these banks as the
country demands. I think the Senate has been
very liberal in limiting the tax to one per cent,
for two years. If 1 had my way 1 would have
put it much higher. But the Senate, in consid-
eration of this bank clamor, have indulged in a
liberal course of conduct which the banks should
be thankful for instead of coming in here and
complaining.
Mr. 23AKEJL I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether the assertion that he
made that the banking institutions of the country
are not taxed at all by the Government, is tiueor
not? Why, your internal revenue bill taxes the
banking institutions of the country uniformly by
a tax of throe percent, on all their*profits. Does
not the gentleman from Illinois desire, that the tax
on banks should be unifoim? By the Senate
amendment the country banks which have a large
circulation are heavily taxed, and the large banks
in our cities which issue or circulate but few notes
escape taxation.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not suppose that
the gentleman from New York could misunder-
stand me. 1 said that the banks were not taxed
on their circulation; that Congress omitted to im-
pose the same tax on banks which they imposed
upon all other interests of a like chaiacter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is very de-
sirable that all sides of the House should act upon
this question understanding^. The bill recently
passed provides for the formation of banking as-
sociations, and this bill, if passed, would impose
a tax upon the circulation of all banks. Now, I
wantto know of the gentleman from Illinois if this
tax of one half of one per cent, imposed upon ex-
isting banks will not also be imposed upon the
banks created by the bank bill passed the other
day ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman knows
very well what the provisions of the bank bill are,
and can answer his own question. And now, sir,
I desire to know of the House what they propose
to do upon this question. Here we are in the very
last days of the session, and one of the most im-
portant bills of the session is hanging between the
two Houses. I wish gentlemen to come up and
take the responsibility7 When the bank bill was
before the House, we could not get gentlemen upon
