1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
the other side of the House—the anti-bank men
of the country, as they have pretended to be—to
put themselves upon record in favor of an amend-
ment in relation to the taxing of these banks. We
have the question here again to-night, and they
have to go upon the record whether they are m
favor of taxing these banks or in favor of reliev-
ing them from this tax. Gentlemen say that the
House does not propose to relieve them of the tax.
But gentlemen know what the question is between
the House and the Senate. The Senate amend-
ment proposes to add to the tax which the House
imposed in its sliding scale.
I heard the gentleman from Massachusetts say
something about a broach of faith; that the bank
bill wen tth rough under an understanding or agree-
ment, either express or implied, that there was to
be no such legislation as this. I never heard of
such an agreement being made. Certainly I was
no party to an agreement of that kind.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I ask the gentleman if he believes that the
bank bill could have received a majority in this
House if it had been supposed that it would be
followed by such a proposition as this?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no opinion upon
the subject, because I never heard the question
raised in the House. Gentlemen talk about the
coercion of the Government upon these State
banks. Why, sir, that language is used by every
corporation or individual whom the Government
undertakes to tax. They say, as the banks do,
if you impose this tax upon us you will ruin us;
we cannot stand it; it will break us.
I appeal to the Committee of Ways and Means
to say whether that kind of argument has not been
made to them over and over again by all of the
parties who have come before them in order to
get a tax reduced, or to induce the committee to
refrain from imposing a tax. But, sir, a long dis-
cussion upon this question, at this very late pe-
riod of the session, is out of place. Action must
be had on this bill, and that speedily. The House
certainly understands the question. Those gen-
tlemen who are in favor of relieving the banks of
taxation on their bills—which is substantially the
House proposition—will of course vote against
concurring with the Senate amendment. Those
in favor of making banking corporations pay a
tax on their notes, as individuals now have to,
will vote to concur with the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will my colleague
yield to me?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I glial! not say
a word if these bank gentlemen around me are
disposed to object. For one 1 am tired and I think
the country is tired of hearing this eternal com-
plaint about banks, and about the wrongs and
sufferings they sustain at the hands of Congress
and the Government.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to way that
if the previous question i* to be demanded at the
expiration of the hour of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wasiiburnej 1 shall object to his yield-
ing the floor, if not I shall not object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Lftme suggest
to my friend fVom Ohio that he is a little too late
this time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair knows
that I can take the gentleman from the floor at
any time. 1 raise the point of order that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] has the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne) cannot yield the floor unless
he yields it-uncondmonally.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suggested when
I got up that if there was any objection I would
not speak; nor am I very anxious to speak now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman talking if the previous ques-
tion is not to be demanded at the expiration of the
hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I expect that the time
occupied by my colleague will come out of my
hour.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I repeat that I
have no objection in the world, if the previous
question is not called.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will not speak
now at all if it will influence my colleague's call
for the previous question. Now the gentleman
may make his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is there any objection
to my colleague going on?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will not object
if the previous question be not called at the expi-
ration of the hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I yield to my col-
league.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
that. Thegentleman mustyield unconditionally.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Very well, sir.
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor.
_Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. My colleague
yielded unconditionally to me.
The SPEAKER. He could not do so. He
yielded the floor, and the Chair recognized the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I regret to see
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
exhibit such warmth, because I am almost certain
that on the yeas and nays the House will concur
in the Senate amendment. The discussion has
taken a range in regard to the bank bill recently
passed. I voted for that bill, after a good deal of
hesitation and deliberation, i will state to the
House frankly,as I made no speech on that sub-
ject, what finally influenced my decision. It was
because the Secretary of the Treasury declaied
his belief that the measure was necessary among
other things to strengthen the credit of the Gov-
ernment by making a new demand for bonds.
It was on the same ground that I voted for the
tax bill. The result pfoves the correctness of
the Secretary's decision, for the bonds of the
United States have since gone up in the market
from ninety-three cents to above par.
Now, if there is one thingin which the tax bill
of last session is defective—and I acknowledged it
when arraigned before my constituents for it—it
is that while it taxes the promissory notes of in-
dividuals by compelling the use of a stamp, it
does not tax the promissory notes of banlcs which
circulate as money. I am no enemy to the banks.
In the political school in which I was raised I was
taught to be friendly to the banks to a reasonable
degree. But the banks should bear their share
of the common burden, and that is the pole-star
of duty that guides me in all my votes on these
measures.
Gentlemen complain that we arc going to crush
the banks because we propose to tax them one
per ce*nt. on their circulation for the next two
ypars, and two per cent, afterwards. Now, the
manufacturers m the rural towns and villages
throughout the country have to pay not one per
cent., but three per cent, on their entire business.
Sometimes they pay the tax two or three times
on thevaitous articles entering into the manufac-
ture, as was shown in the discussions yesterday
on the amendatory tax bill in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. My friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] says the banks
also pay three per cent, on their business. Not
so. They pay three per cent, on their profits,
not on their business. They pay no license even
as bankers, while licenses have to be paid by re-
tail dealers, wholesale dealers, and even by news-
paper proprietors before they can carry on their
business. Even the stamp of two cents on bank
checks is paid not by the banks, but by individuals.
Now, the only question that concerns mc in the
difference between the two Houses is this: which
of the two modes proposed is the most just and
equitable? The proposition of the House is to tax
the excess of circulation of banks over a certain
percentage of their capital. The effect of this
would be to exempt entirely from the tax the large
banks of New York, with their immense deposits
and small circulation, and to bear heavily upon
the smalt country banks.
Mr. DAWES. So it is under the Senate prop-
osition. ;
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; the effect of the Sen- !
ate provision is that the entire issue of a bank is j
to be taxed. There is no sliding scale. If a bank i
issues $100,000 or J] ,000,000, it is taxed one per j
cent, on the whole. 1 think that is equitable to all. 1
My friend from Massachusetts spoke about the
relief which the banks extended to the country in
the hour of peril. I wish to render my homage
to the banks for their patriotism at that trying
hour. Theyacted iikecorporationsthat had souls, j
They acted like patriots in their advance^to Gov- j
ernment in its hour of need; and they have re- j
ceived aii abundant reward in the large interest i
they have received and in the dividends they have
thereby been able to divide among their stock-
holders. Are there not others, however, who have
made sacrifices far their country in the hour of
peril? My constituents have offered their living
treasures on the altar of the country as the banks
risked their golden treasures. But my constit-
uents have no exemption from the payment of
taxes, although their sons have been stricken-
down on the battle-field. They pay their burdens.
They pay them cheerfully. Everywhere before
them I sustained the principle of the tax bill.- 1
vindicated it; explained it; defended it. And
though I knew its imperfections, I told them that
if they struck me down for voting for that tax bill,
even with all its imperfections, they might do so.
But these inconsistencies and errors 1 shall always
vote to correct when opportunity offers.
Now, I have said all that I desired to say. We
tax all branches of business that the Committee
of Ways and Means with its great acumen and
diligence could hunt up to pay taxes. They found
this session a few that they had omitted last ses-
sion, and they have incorporated *hem in the
amendatory tax bill. We compel the use of Stamps
all over the country, so that if two farmers traae
horses and there is a note given for the difference,
that note must have a stamp affixed, although
they may have to travel twenty miles to the county
town to get one. Our constituents are willing to
bear all this. They do not condemn the4 Admin-
istration or Congress for it. They do not as-
sume that this is an act of hostility against them.
So we say the banks ought, to bear their portion
of the burdens of the war, and pay without a mur-
mur this tax of one per cent, on their circulation
for the next two years. If during that time it is
shown that two per cent, would be too high for
succeeding years, it can be modified. I do not
vote for it to crush banks, but as a revenue meas-
ure and to equalize the burdens of taxation,
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion is asked by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] what will become of this bill if we
do not yield to the amendment of the Senate?
This is an extraordinary question to be asked by
a Representative of the people. Mr. Speaker, one
of the cardinal principles at the foundation of this,
as of every free Government, is that the Repre-
sentatives of the people shall control its revenues,
and it can only be as the result of a gradual usurp-
ation of power that the Senate would undertake
to exercise a control over the revenues. That is
my answer to the gentleman's question. When
the Representatives of the people, in whom, un-
der the Constitution, is vested the control of the
revenues, pass a law, and the Senate amend it,
and insist on their amendment, to the defeat of the
bill, the responsibility is certainly with them, and
not with us.
"AH bills for raiding revenue shall originate In the House
of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments, as on other bills."
That is the provision of the Constitution. Now,
one more suggestion. I say, Mr. Speaker, that
this amendment of the Senate is not intended as
a tax. No man can stand up here and say in good
faith that this amendment is intended simply as a
tax to add to the revenues of the Government.
Its object and purpose is to restrain the circula-
tion of the local banks of the country for the pur-
pose of giving force and effect to this new bank
bill. All that a bank makes in its business is in-
dicated by its profits, and you tax those profits
three per cent. Beyond this the State institutions
pay a heavy tax to support the State government.
The real purpose of this provision is not to collect
revenue; it is to wipe out these State institutions
or force them into the new scheme. It is a part
of the policy by which this Government is rapidly
assuming into its hands all the powers of the States.
When gentlemen talk so complacently about the
shinplasters issued by the State institutions, I ask
them, what does the Government issue but shin-
plasters? And does the gentleman pretend that
the notes of this Government are any better than
the banks of New England? They aie good; I
trust in God they will all be redeemed in the ut-
most good faith; but no man will pretend to say
ihat the notes of this Government are better than
the notes of our banking institutions, or that they
constitute a better currency. They do not consti-
tute a sounder currency, for the same reason that
a note of the city of Boston is better than one of
