THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
  II I ...11'r I r I, (II I .1 I • M III III'|        ; JMI,  *
friar13 ii
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. IlIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY -S£, 1863.
New Series Kg. S?v.;
What does that mean ? Docs it mean that Con-
gress shall say beforehand, " we appoint a Sot of
men, and let them go and take out what money
they please, to pay whom they please?" Would
that he an appi opriation made bv law?
Mr. SUMNER and others. No.
Mr.HALE. 1 am gladgontlemen say so. They
shrink from contemplating the naked features of
their own bantling;.
Mr. CLARK. Will my colleague suffer me to
call his attention to the contingent expenses which
We appropriate every year? Is that an appropri-
ation any more than this?
Mr. HALE I wish my colleague had notcalled
my attention to that subject, for it is the most
mournful exhibition that the Senate makes before
the country. It is a thing that calls for our ex-
amination. It is a question to which I have en-
deavored to call the attention of the Senate time
after time, again and again; but ! have never got
the right time, and never hit the i iglu persons. It
Seems that I always strike either too high or too
low, sonntim'-ss too quick and sometimes too
Slow, and never get right. 1 am glad the S* nator
ha& called attention to it. It is a matter that dea-
mands the attention of the Senate and of the coun-
try. And let me Say further, we are employing
to-day—and I think the records of our Senate will
show it—more men to do less work than we have
at any time since the commencement of the Gov-
ernment. It is just exactly here as it is with this
Court ofClaims: wean* constantly enlaiging, con-
stantly increasing; and i ventuie to >say that the
employes paid under the contingentfund will aver-
age more than one man to each Senator.
Now, sir, this hill proposes that Congress shall
ftppropuate in gross a sum to pay private claims.
What the claims are nobody knows; who the
claimants are nobody knows; and we virtually,
in my judgment, and according to my reading
of the Constitution, abandon and give up the
guardianship which the Constitution reposes in
us, that we should keep and maintain over the
Treasury, by requniug tlwft all appropriations
should be made by express law, and that no money
should be drawn from it without such an appro-
priation. Sir, I think while we are in oui present
condition; while we are taxing the ingenuity of
our most ingenious officers for new modes of tax-
ation to raise revenue to sustain the national life;
while we go into the palaces of the wealthy and
the huts of poveity to tax not only the necessa-
ries but the luxuries of life to maintain the na-
tional life, it is of all times most inauspicious that
We abate one jot or one tittle of that wholesome
restraint which, as I think, th< Constitution re-
quires us to maintain over the Treasury.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not propose to wander
from the particular amendment under discussion
to make any reply to the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire. The honorable Senator from
Ohio has introduced a new construction of the law
in supposing that we made any unjust distinction
as to claims which were barred within tin ee years
under the proviso. The law, as it stands, as I
read it, without any amendment, makes a general
bar of all claims against the Government after the
lapse ofsix years, with two exceptions, and those
are the exceptions referred to in another proviso.
There is also a time given upon petition on a bar
of six years, as to ail claims that existed prior to
the passage of the law, whether more than six
years or h ss than six yeais old, and that 1 think
right. I think perhaps three years ts too long,
and that one year is quite enough, to let the pai tit s
come in; but they ought to have some time to
come in where no antecedent statute of limitations
existed, no matter how old 'he claim may be. !
The honorable Senator thinks it is necessary I
as to that class of claims, and that is his present I
amendment, to provide thai Congress shall make j
a specific appropriation for their payment. 1 dif- j
fer from him there. I think the great object of I
the whole Court of Claims bill is to withdraw from J
Congress any judicial action or special action on
individual claitns. In my judgment, it has been
the Source of unquestioned corruption. Itiaeal-
27
culated to demoralize bodies like the Senate and
the House of Representatives, and is exceedingly
v injurious to the administration of general justice
both as regards the individuals and the people.
Senators and Representatives, where they have to
act on a claim, whether it isasix years' claim or
a twenty yeaiVclajm, areassailed by the parties
with every species of influence and all the repre-
sentations that can be made to them. It is im-
possible to suppose they will not lend themselves
to this influence, more or less. The influences of
friendship and political considerations will often
operate upon men insensibly to themselves. Even
the seductive influence of women is often brought
to secure the passage of private claims: and I re-
gret to say that 1 am perfectly satisfy d that other
and more illicit considerations have been used in
order to secure the passage of claims through
Congress. Further, let any man examine the
history of the past, parficulaily as to these State
claims, and he will find that rially it took about
four adverse reports against a claim to insure its
passage subsequently. That Was the. history of
congressional legislation in reference to private
claims.
Now, in reference to our practice,when the Gov-
ernment was first founded we adopted a system,
and probably for about iwtlve years it was ad-
hered to, of referring ail claims proper, not gratu-
ities, to the apnropi iate Deparnru nts. TheSecie-
tary made his report and his leturn on the indi-
vidual claim, and it was alwavs adopted as a
mutter of course, if the report was favorable.
That was the mode pursued then; and you will
find in those twelve yeai s, though we had just
come out of a very exhausting war, there were
very few chums against this Government ever al-
lowed by Congress, remarkably few. As we pro-
gressed ami became more wealthy, of course the
system of having a body of men in Congress,
holding -office for limited terms, who lose sight en-
tirely of ihe past transactions of the Government
and cannot be expected to have any paiticular
knowhdge of them, the system of having them
pass as judges on claims where they are liable to
these personal influences and personal solicita-
tions, inevitably must lead to corruption. Itleuds
not on to con uption, but to injustice; because
the justice of the claim is not the question that is
considered, but the influence that can be brought
to bear in order to secure its passage. That led
to the adoption of the system of the Court of
Claims.
I was a member of the Committee on Claims of
this body during the first two years that 1 was in
the Senate, and f devoted a great deal of time to
that subject, which was probably thrown away.
Duung those two years, I read every report on
every private claim that came to the Senate from
any committee whatever. 1 f I did not like the face
of the report, 1 examined it myself. 1 found in
the course of time that it was labor thrown away,
and had to give it up. But I have had men come
to me, and one case I will state to illustrate the
effect of the system. A claim had been referred
to me, and I found there seemed to be on its state-
ment a just basis of a claim against * he Govern-
ment ; but, with my notions, there was a want of ;
sufficient specification of the character of the claim
and of its amount, and I required the party to give j
it to me, and bis answer was: 44 Sir, I have not
given it in my petition, because 1 knew if I stated
it, the claim agenis here would at once be down
upon me, and make me givt them one half, or else
they would maneuver to defeat my claim." That
species of influence existed. Every one knows it.
Every one knows that it had become a system;
am! that is the reason why we organized the Court
of Claims.
Sir, I do not want to have any remnant of that
system r  maimng, particularly as applying to the
Court of Claims. These old claims may pa^s the
court: and if they pass the court I am willing
to pay them. 1 think the guard is suflicitut, if
you n quire the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
turn,as he certainly will in his annual report, the
do that as a matter of course; and perhaps it woiihf
be better to require that he should return a desert©*
tive list setting forth the names of the claimant^
the amount adjudged to each claimant* and tb#
total amount paid outof the Treasury* That, lit
my belief, would be an entire guard; because it
would show to Congress the progu-ss of thinj£ii
under the law. It would bring to your atte tt<a|^.
annually what was the operation of this la«r, ami'
it is only by the operation of laws, after all, thsl
tve can judge of their utility. Very often a lai?
in theory may be apparently a very effective and
desirable one, yet when it comes into practice it
is found to contain dangers that even acute men
have not.anticipated, it is, therefore, very proper
and wi.se that the effect of action under the la'w
should become known to Congress by a regular
report of the detailed action under it, which can
very readily be given in this case at each session
of Congress. Tlvn, if it is found that there arfe
abust s, that the extent of chums allowed against
this Governmt nt is going to make matters worse
than they were before, it Will be very easy-for
Congress to modify the law. They have it in
their power to do so. They may take away the
finality of the jurisdiction, and restore their own
control by specific appropriation j if they find it
works badly in practiee. That is my view as-U>
the guards about the law.
For these reasons, 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the-Senator fiom Ohio; and if it
fails, I shall propose to reduce the term to one
year.
Mr.SHER.MAN. The honorable Senator from
Delaware agrees with me ihat it is necessary to
throw some guard around the court, iiid he pro-
poses as the only guard upon the Court of Claims
that the Secreta y shall report the amount an-
nually paid on their judgments. Now, it So hap-
pens thatevery Executive Dcpartmentof theOov
einment has to make its report, and we have
annually a report of the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment in all its branches; and yet I will venture
to say that neither the honorable Senator from
Delaware, nor any other Senator, has examined
that book for the last three years. It is a book
that is laid on our tables annually, and yet I be-
lieve it is very seldom opened. It contains a de-
tailed statement of the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. The reports that are submitted to usare
very voluminous, noiv extending to some thirteen
or fourteen volumes of executive documents. MoSt
of them are full of details. They are bound very
handsomely and sent to our homes; but 1 venture
the assertion that not one of them is ever opened
and read. A report of details to Congress, judg-
ing by the past, is no limitation and no restraint
whatever. That is a sufficient answer to the Sen-
ator's mode of checking the Court of Claims.
But lie says fui ther, Congress is not the proper
tribunal to judge of these chums, because Con-
gress has in the past been corrupt, and that im-
proper claims have been brought before Congress
and acted upon and passed. That is true. I re-
member very well the first session I came to Wash-
ins ton, when a vote was being taken uponaclaimof
very doubtful character, an outsider came up and
took" his scat by my side, and while the yeas and
nays were being called, suggested that in; had an
interest in that claim, and he wishwd I would vote
for it. I waited until my name was called, and
voted in the negative. Suggestions of that kind
were then universal. Claims were very often acted
upon and decided from personal reasons, from pri-
vate influences,and from a great many extraneous
circumstances; arid therefore this Court of Claims
was organized.
But I ask you, sir, is not the Court of Claims
j subject to the same imputations ? If Congress can
• K • corrupt, if the Senate ca'n be corrupt, and the
be
f House of Representatives can be coi rupt, cannot a
| Court of Claims, composed of five gentlemen, be
j corrupt? Are you willing to [dace within the power
i of aCourtofClairns,conststingoi five gentlemen—
| i do not care who they are—a power that you have
never given to the Supreme Court of the United
amount of the judgments of the court. He would IS States, a power to decide on claims to the amount
