1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
the Senator fiora Ohio, without his usual exam-
ination, certainly, says that no country in the
world ever suffered itself to be sued in tins way,
as I understand him; the modern nations of Eu-
rope have not done it. Why, sir, I have before
me a document showing that every modern na-
tion in Europe does it. it is done in England. A
petition of right is presented,and it is referred to
the chancellor for a decision when a claim is made
against the Crown. It is so in France; it is so in
Prussia; it is so in Austria; and, unless gentle-
men mean to deny the obligation of this Govern-
ment to pay us honest claims, you must provide
some way by which they can be established. So
far from this opening the Treasury to the plunder
of claimants, it is a safeguard; it is to protect the
Government against such claims as the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] brought to the
notice of the Senate yesterday, where some one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars were al-
lowed to some person down in Alabama, I think,
for one hundred acres of corn. That claim never
passed through the Court of Claims.
Sir, it is because the examinations in Congress
an* txparte; because claimants come here and rep-
resent one side of a case and have the ear of mem-
bers ofCongress,andare likely to get unjust claims
allowed, that we established a Court of Claims,
where the claim is to be judicially investigated.
We appointed attorneys to protect the interests of
the Government. The witnesses are cross-exam-
ined. Testimony is taken for the very protection
of the Government; and yet we hearSenators talk-
ing about this bill opening the Treasury of the
United Slates to claimants.
Sir, if J hd\e not replied to these things, it baa
been because I thought I saw a disposition to talk
the bill to death. I supposed that the bill would
speak for itself, so that each Senator would under-
stand it, and I did not wish to take up time. This
bill is no such alarming thing as Senators have
represented. A lull similar substantially to this,
passed tins Senate two or three years ago by a
majority of two to one. The object of the bill is
to protect the Government; to relieve Congress,
which has not time to investigate understandingly
these claims, of the duly of investigating them;
and not a dollar can be paid till we make the ap-
propriation. If the Senator from Ohio should still
be in the Senate, before any hundred millions will
be taken out of the Treasury without check or
limitation, he must vote, or a majority must vole,
for a bill appropriating $100,000,000.
Now, sir, I trust that this discussion may be
brought to a close. I am sorry 1 have been be-
trayed into saying anything; but these remarks
have been reiteiated so often that I thought it ne-
cessary to say a word or two in reply to them. I
trust that we may be allowed to come to a vote
upon this question. I have no feeling in regard to
the bill. I am for protecting the Treasury of the
United States, f am for protecting it against un-
just claims; and it is because lam for doing that,
that 1 wish to subjectevery claim to a judicial in-
vestigation, that we may not be imposed upon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i desire to ask my honor-
able friend from Illinois, as he has referied to the
practice m England and France and other places,
whether by the law of England it is declared that
when a claim or a petition is filed, and it is decided
against the Government, that decision is final;
whether it is so provided in France and in Prus-
sia; or whether, after the petition has been filed
and the claim passed upon, it is not then a matter
which is estimated for as a part of the estimates
of the Government, and passed upon by Parlia-
ment ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the
gentleman means in regard to estimates; but 1 can
tell him that the decision is final; it is not rein-
vestigated,as I understand, where the petition of
right is presented in England, and that decision is
not revised by anybody, and it becomes a claim
which the Government pays.
Mr. GRIMES. Whatdoes it cover; what does
it refer to?
Mr. TRUMBULL. What refer to ?
Mr. GRIMES. The petition of right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It relates to all claims
which a subject has against the king or the Gov-
ern ment.
Mr. BAYARD. I think I could answer the
Senator from Wisconsin as to the practice of the
English Government. I cannot as to the others.
That practice has oxisted, I will not-say from the
foundation of that Government, but ceitairtly for
the last hundred years. If there is a claim made
on the treasury there, under the law, and there is
no doubt about it, it is paid as it is here; but if a
doubt arises as to the character of the claim,it is
referred to the Attorney General and the Solicitor
General. If their opinion is against the claim, the
Government does not pay it. if it is in favor of
the claim, it does pay n without reference at all to
estimates. If it is against him, the party is still
peimitted to file his petition of right, for the pur-
pose of having an adjudication in tin- Pi ivy Coun-
cil, and he gets his adjudication there, and that'la
final, one way or the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator tell me by what authority it is paid, and o*&
of what fund it is paid ?
Mr. BAYARD. The practice is different in
England from what it is here. There ihey are
allowed to pay without reference to specific appro-
priations, as we do. They pay a claim against
the Government so allowed either by judicial de-
cision or by the judicial opinion of the Solicitor or
Attorney General to whom itmay be referred,and
send in their estimates, and their estimates pass
as a maiter of course. They pay it out of any
fund. They do not adhere to our practice to have
an antecedent fund provided out of winch claims
shall be paid.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask a furth er
question of the Senator from Michigan, svho stated
that there was a board of auditors in the State of
Michigan before whom all claims of a private na-
tnie were presented. 1 wish to tisk him whether,
by the practice of the law of the State of Michi-
gan, after the boai d of auditors have passed on
these claims, it docs not then require a specific
appropriation by the State Legislature of Michi-
gan before the claim can he paid?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; it becomes a charge
upon the treasury, and the claimant in \v host' lav or
the award is made, has a right to apply to the
auditor genoial for his warrant upon the treasui y,
and he is to be paid out of an y money in the treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The auditors in the treas-
ury of Michigan, 1 suppose, are like the Auditors
in the Treasury Department here.
Mr. HOWARD. They may be; but I do not
know in what respect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose the auditors of
the treasury decide against the claim, is there any
provision, then, that the State may be sued?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; but as a matter of
couise, that boaid ran review their action.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, so far as 1
know, there is no State in the United States that
provides by its constitution 'or a suit to be prose-
cuted against it, except the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. And Virginia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And perhaps Virginia.
The constitutional provision of Wisconsin is in
these words:
u The Lceb-lature shall direct by law in what manner and
in what courts lri.ty Ih; brought ;ig;utist the State 51
In pursuance of that authority, the Legislature
of Wlseonsm provided thata suit might be brought
in the supreme couitand passed upon; but they
expressly provided in the same act that no judg-
ment or decree should be paid until there was a
specific appropriation for that purpose. It is for
holding on to this right of making specific appro-
priations, after these judgments and decrees are
made, that I contend; and I think u is dangerous
to let go that power.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, there is a suffi-
cient guard, in my judgment, against any money
being taken out of the Treasury under this law,
because it is provided in page 6 of the bill that
payment shall be made of the sum found due out
of any general appiopriation made by law for the
payment and satisfaction of private claims. We
have that appropriation to make. We make it in
such an amount that we are certain the Treasury
cannot be deeply injuied. We have the con-
trolling power, whether the sum is $100,000 or
$200,000, or whatever Congress says; and beyond
that the Secretary cannot go in the payment of
the claims.
Mr. President, what I object to is exactly what
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin is in favor
of. He wants a specific appropriation for each
claim, which involves a judicial investigation of
the claim by a body utterly unfit for any. SU<?h
inquiiv. The whole object of ibis bill} w my
judgment, and the whole mmon for ft, is that Con-
gress is unfit to decide in individual eases as re-
gards the investigation of the case, whether it be
from negligence or corruption—using; "corrupt
tion," as I do, not in the sense of merely meaning
that an individual may be corrupted by money,
but the corrupting influences that may be brought
to bear upon a political body hke Congress. -As
1 stated, personal friendship, political motives,and
all sons of influences of every kind are brought
to bear upon us, because we are a political, and
not a judicial body, but the same acts, and the same
mode in which we can be approached, without
offense, would be an outrage if the attempt were
made on a judge, it is owing to the difference
between the judicial and the political character.
You should keep the two systems sundered.
The very object of preventing-specific appro-
priations, or denying them, is that it requires an
investigation of the claims, if it is to be of any
u&e; and you have this added danger: here a
claim is presented to your Govei nment, judicially
investigated and passed upon, with a hearing on
both sides; the Government represented by its
agent; the other party represented by his agent,
with a public hearing and inquiry; and the judge
upon Ins responsibility, being a judicial officer,
having to decide and give the reasons for his de-
cision on the whole facts and proof of the case,
just as between man and man. When that is
done, and the claim is established by tin-judgment
of the court, if th£re is to be a specific appropri-
ation, the party must come and lobby his claim
through Congress He must meet this class of
claim agents. He must be able to prevent them
from throwing out innuendoes against his claim
and making statements to a parcel of men who
nev^f take the trouble to examine into particular
cases at all; for I think 1 may slate with entire
certainty that not one member in twenty in either
House of Congress in out p st hi->tory has taken
the trouble to examine into the merits of individ-
ual claims. It is not in the nature of things that
they should. The division of labor wilf not per-
mit it. We have inourcharge the great interests
of the country and other matters connected with
the political transactions oft he Govern ment, which
are more engrossing to the minds of political men.
Our tenure of office is different—for but a short
term of years, depending veiy often on individ-
ual capvict s,and certainly on parly organizations.
All these tilings certainly prevent a man from
being a wise judge in the case of a claim against
the Government. Where a member, no matter
who the man may be, has a claim presented from
his own State from one of his own constituents,
who is a man of influence and chaiacter, and he
has no particular duty to investigate each claim,
do you suppose that he is going to investigate
that claim with a view to defeat it? And yet he
is to sit as a judge upon it, under this amend ment.
If, on the contrary, the claimant is obnoxious to
him from any reasons, after the court have passed
judgment on the claim, still it may leeeive the go-
by by non-actton and any of the thousand modes
in which these things are defeated by legislative
action.
In my judgment, ihe allowance of claims is not
a legislative, but a judicial act, and it ought to be
a judicial act; and it cannot be impersonal, as jus-
tice ought always to be, if it is in political bodies.
That is the basis on which I am oppos&ed to spe-
cific appropriations. The guard for the Treasury
is amply answered by that provision which re-
quires that the money shall be paid only out of a
general provision made for the payment of private
claims; and when you limit that amount, you
know what the uxpenditurt sof your Government
are annually in teference to private claims,and you
avoid the difficulty of attempting judicial investi-
gation in each individual case.
1 hope, therefore, as the bill stands, that the
amendment will not be adopted, but that the sec-
tion will be suffered to stand as it iss. i wish,
however, to cali attention to the fact that the hon-
orable Senator has another amendment, and I
should like to have it read in connection with this,
for, it seems to me, it destroys that proviso alto-
gether. The Senator did not withdraw his first
amendment, as 1 supposed he had; but I believe
it was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. PoMsaot
