420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
in the chair.) It was adopted in committee, but
not in the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, It will be rend.
The Secretary read the amendment; in section
eleven, lines six and seven, to strike out the word
**hitherto," and after the word "accrued" to in-
sert the words 44 six years before the passage of
tliis act;" so that the proviso will read:
That claims whicli have accrued six years before die
passage of this act shall not b« barred, if the petition be
filed in the court, or tran-mitted, as aforesaid.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I will detain
the Senate but for a moment. I infer from the
arguments that have been presented on both sides
of the Chamber that the object which the friends
and the opponents of the bill have in view is pre-
cisely the same. The opponents of the bill op-
pose it on the ground that it will open the Treas-
ury to claimants, and tend to subject the public to
the payment of unjust demands They therefore
oppose the bill. The friends of the biil sustain
it because they say it will guard the Treasury
against probable frauds, if I understand the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Trumbull,] who reported the bill, he regards its
passage as essential to the protection of the Treas-
ury, The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
presented the same argument. In fact this seems
to be the controlling motive. They tell us that un-
just and extravagant claims are much more likely
to pass Congress than a judicial tribunal. They
tell us that Congress has not time to give these
claims a thorough examinatibn; that the claim-
ants make out their own cases, and make personal
appealsto Senators and members,and log-roll bills
for relief through, which would be rejected by a
court. Now, if this is true; if the bill is drawn
for the purpose of protecting the Treasury, and
well drawn, it ought to receive the unanimous
support of the Senate. I therefore desire to see,
if i can, how far this bill will effect the purpose
of its friends.
It has been argued that judicial investigation is
necessary for the put pose of securing adverse
testimony; claimants will be active in looking up
testimony in favor of their demands, and will he
interested in keeping out of sight rebutting evi-
dence. That a court ought to be organized with
officers whose especial duty it shall be to attend
to the cross-examination of witnesses, and the
introduction of adverse testimony.
But, Mr. President, this is foreign to the ques-
tion before the Senate. The bill now pending is
not a bill to establish a Court of Claims; wc now
have a Court of Claims, clothed by law with power
and with officers necessary to enable it to cross-
examine witnesses; to introduce and examine wit-
Tresses for the Government; to adopt rules to
secure all the accuracy and certainty usual in
judicial tribunals, so as to exclude the probabil-
ity of perpetrating frauds on the Government.
This is all done under the law as it exists. And
the testimony, when thus taken by the Court
of Claims, with its finding in each case, is now
reported by that tribunal to Congress for its
approval. With the testimony thus spread be-
fore it, with the opinion of the court on its judi-
cial bearing, Congress is expected to review the
testimony as elicited by the examination before
the Court of Claims, and rpnder a final decision;
if, in the opinion of Congress, the claim is a just
one, to provide for its payment; and if unjust, to
reject it.
The bill now pending proposes to oust Congress
of all power to review the case, to exercise any
judgment whatever, and to make the finding of the
court final, and a transcript of its judgmentequiv-
alent to an imperative warrant on the Treasury.
Now, I desire to be told how this can be construed
into a safeguard to the Treasury? The court,
under the law as it exists, has the same jurisdic-
tion and will perform the same work precisely
which it wiil under this supplemental bill; will
scrutinize each claim as thoroughly and impar-
tially, and will then submit the case when thus
prepared to Congress for additional scrutiny. As
the law now stands, we have the same court, with
precisely the same jurisdiction and powers, for
the examination of cases, as proposed in the pend-
ing bill. They may examine all the witnesses now
that they can examine then; but they are required
now to submit this testimony, after it shall have
taken,to Cottgrefci (Congress being thus
enlightened is expected to appropriate the money
if, in their judgment, the award is just; to refuse
the money if, in their opinion, with all this light
before them, it is unjust. The pending bill pro-
poses to divest Congress of the right of revision.
This is the whole case, if I comprehend it. The
friends of this bill desire that that decision shall
be final; that Congress shall have no jurisdiction
or right of revision; that the controversy shall end
with the court. I am not in favor of this. J know
that members of Congress may be corrupted, as
has been alleged; but, in my opinion, Senators are
no more corruptible than judges. A court com-
posed of judges to be appointed by the Piesident,
by and with the ad vice and consent of the Senate,
will not probably be a purer or a more able tri-
bunal than the Senate itself; nor do 1 think that
the history of jurisprudence will justify a contrary
assumption.
It is said, however, that the poor claimants of
the Government ought to have justice; that they
should not be deprived of their just rights. Now,
in the first place, allow me to observe that these
claims have been decided adversely by the proper
accounting officers of the Government before they
reach either Congress or the court; that is, by
the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury,
officers appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, for the pur-
pose of examining claims against the Government.
These officers act under the solemnity of official
oaths. ^Fhey are usually ableand experienced men,
conversant with the laws and regulations under
which these claims usually arise. After these offi-
cers, in the discharge of their sworn duty, decided
that claimants have no legal right io their demands
against the Government 
Mr. CLARK. The Senator probably does not
mean to misstate anything; but, so far as my
knowledge goes in examining cases, not one in
ten of them arises in the Departments.
Mr. GRIMES. Why are they nor presented ?
Mr. CLARK. For a great variety of reasons.
Mr. HARLAN. If they are not thus presented,
and allowed or rejected, why are they not? And
if they refuse to appear before the tribunals estab-
lished by law, whence the necessity of another ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to give him a reason. There is no appropri-
ation for the payment of these claims, and there-
fore they must come to Congress for legislation.
Many claims are just,and the Departments cannot
afford relief because there is no appropriation by
Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. That leads me to remark that
you have not the constitutional right to clothe a
court with the right to make appropriations. This
must be done by Congress. Congress appro-
priates sums of money for specific purposes. The
disbursements must be made by the executive
officers. They purchase property or contract for
services contemplated by law. The contractors
and employes apply to the Treasury for their pay,
with their vouchers. These are examined or ad-
judicated by the Comptrollers and Auditois, and
if found correct and in accordance with jaw, a war-
rant is drawn on the Treasury for payment, if
an appropriation has been made for that purpose
which has not been exhausted, if the appropri-
ation has been exhausted, it is estimated for by
the Secretary of the Treasury as a deficiency.
But if the vouchers are run satisfactory, or if, m
the opinion of the accounting officers, the contract
was made or the service performed without au-
thority of law, the claim will be rejected . And
this is the class of claims that come to Congress
or the Court of Claims. The accounting officer
decides that the service was performed without
authority of law, or that he has not made the ne-
cessary proof, or, m other words, that the appli-
cant hay no legal claim.
Now I am aware, Mr. President, that these
accounting officers may misapprehend, misinter-
pret the law. Their judgments may not be per-
fect; and by a misinterpretation or misapplication
of the law, employes and contractors may be de-
prived of their just rights. 1 do not, therefore,'
deem it unreasonable that some other tribunal
should be authorized to review such cases. sSuch
claimants ought to have the right to come to Con-
gress for an explanatory act to enable him to draw
the nftmey for the work performed or the prop-
erty sold to the Government. 1 am aware," also,
Mr. President, that cases may arise inequity that
do not exist in law; and they arise every day;
and we legislate for the relief of the parties, as in
pension cases. An individual may have been
wounded in bottie, and he may be entitled to a
pension; or he may have been killed in battle,
and his widow and children may be entitled to a
j! pension; and yet they may not be able to make
!' proof, as prescribed by the Department under the
.j law. They have a just claim; the law was in-
!i tended to cover their case, and yet they are unable
,! to make the proof under the law as it stands
;! They would have a right to come to Congress for
tj an amendatory act to extend the relief onginally
'j intended.
I i Gentlemen argue this case as ifthe passage of this
;• hill, rendering the decisions of the Court of Claims
jj final, would relieve Congress of all this class of
'i cases. Itcannot, by any possibility, lelieve us of
!j the examination of all the latter class of claims.
1 supnose that 3f the Auditors and Comptrollers of
the 'treasury were to misinterpret the law to the
injury of the claimants, there might be some pro-
priety in our sending them to the court for a ju-
dicial decision of Ks meaning. That class of cases
might, perhaps, wiih a degree of propriety be sent
to the court for a judicial interpretation of the law
and of the rules of the Department that may have
been misunderstood and misapplied at the Treas-
ury to the prejudice of the claimant. But, sir,
where the parties are unable to make the proof,and
establish their claim under the law as it stands, if?
in your opinion, the demand is just, you will be
compelled to enlarge the law. You cannot trans-
fer legislative discretion to the courts. And the
class of claimants who profess to have merely
equitable rights is much larger than all others. If
I am correct in this opinion, the passage of thifc
bill will not relieve Congress mateiially of the
| burdens of which complaint is made,
1 If the statement made by the chairman of the
j Committee on Claims is true, that these men do 
| not go to the tribunals thft now exist under the
J law, to those familiar with all this class 'of cases*
1 those who have been executing these laws time
j out of mind, it raises the presumption that should
I induce greater caution. What reason could an
honest claimant have for declining to submit his-
voucheis to the regular accounting officers of the
Government ?
Mr. CLARK. I have not said that parties
having cases arising under the regulations of the
Department did not go there. I say that the ma-
jority, not one in ten, of the cases which go b^f|
fore the Court of Claims, taking theft* together.,
go there.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not sec that that varies
the proposition as I understood it before. A very
large class of these claimants do not go to the of-
ficers of the Treasury for their money, for an ex-
amination of their daunt* Now, |«ayr why ? if
they have just claims under any law of Congress,,
regulation of a Department, or lawful contract,,
why do they avoid the regular accounting officer*
of the Government? Why uo they prefer some
other tribunal ? If these incumbents are unjust-
men or incompetent men, it would be go-od reasom
■ for their removal, but nor for the creasso^ e>f an-
ij other tribunal. Is our whole system wrong?"
ij Ouffht our laws establishing Auditors and>Comp 
|j trollers of public accounts to be repealed? if not*
j! why not? If they are good enough for oi>e class
jj of claimants, why not for all ? If their rules are
jj too rigid, pass a law relaxing them. If they do
ij their duty, just claimants will usually receive'
j, their money when in the Treasury and subject to
|i draft. If in the Treasury au>d not subject to draft
ji to meet any given case, Congress alone can make
|! the appropriation. If thene accounting officers
jj misinterpret the law, Oongrerit' can pass an ex-
;; pinnatnry act. If the cassis equi table merely and
jl not legal, no tribunal hut Congress can provide
j- the necessary relief. And if thesr? officers do not
j. do their duty, they should be removed. As the
I' court is now organized, it is competent to raise all
j the pertinent facts and evidence in any g? ven case-
jj With this spread out before Congieas, ih.'S body
j j can have but little difficulty in coming to ju.it con-
elusions. The court, as it appears to me, is well
r enoughasitis. 11 wasinstituted becauseit wus.said
| then as now that Congressmen have not the tit
to examine these claims. They cannot step asi<*(&
I j from the ordinary duties of legislation forthe pur-
ji pose of cross-examining witnesses that the claim-
'• ant may introduce. They have not-the time oi
