1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir, I propose to make
a motion; but I desired to say, as a sort of a pre-
amble, that, with the hope that we can bring this
matter to a satisfactory adjustment, believing that
gentlemen on this side of the House have perhaps
misapprehended the fact that the report of the
committee of conference cannot be amended, 1
propose to move that this call of the House be
dispensed with. I am not prepared to say that
gentlemen upon this side would consent to have
a vote taken upon the report of the committee at
once, but I hope they would consent that it should
• be taken without any unreasonable delay. Gen- ;
tlemen on this side have been earnest in the re-
sistance they have made to the passage of this bill
by every agency in their power; but if it is to
pass, I think it might as well pass now as any
time. I move to dispense with all other proceed-
ings under the call.
Mr. STEVENS. Before the vote is taken on
that motion, I desire to know in what condition
these proceedings now are. Has the Sergeant-
at-Arms gone for absent members?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-at-
Arms is proceeding to execute the order of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. If the call is now dispensed
with, shall we be able to deal with those who are
still absent?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If all further pro-
ceedings are dispensed with, no further action can
be taken in respect to absent members.
Mr. STEVENS. I have made the inquiry not
because I have any objection to the proposition of
the gentleman from Indiana, but because I desire
to know how far gentlemen upon this side of the
House, as well as those upon the other side, are to
be held responsible for this delay in our legislative
proceedings. I think gentlemen who have absented
themselves knowing that important business was
before the House, ought to be punished in some
way. Hence I desired the information which the
Speaker has given. But as I understand that they
cannot be dealt with in their absence, I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed with,
will prevail.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to say that I shall notcon-
sider myself bound by any arrangement the gen-
tleman from Indiana may present in reference to
this bill. I shall use every means in my power
to defeat it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am exceedingly happy to
state that I have not asked the gentleman from
New York to concur in any proposition I have
made. I have made no proposition, lhavemerely
stated my reasons for moving to dispense with
further proceedings,in the call.
The motion was agreed to; and further proceed-
ings in the call were dispensed with.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Pendleton to lay the report of the committee on
the table; on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. ANCONA moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 17, noes 68.
Mr. ANCONA moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. "WRIGHT. I move to amend the motion
by moving that the House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
is not in order.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—ayes 1G,
noes 80.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, moved that the House
adjourn, and called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 20, nays 84; as follows:
YR\H—Messrs. Wilimm Alien, William J. Allen, An-
eoisfi, BuMle, Dunlap, English;, Ilolmart, Johnson, Knapp,
Law, .Menzies, Notion, Nuscn, FrmUcton, 1'iicc,
Vntlaiidi^innn. Chilton A. Whue, W.->nd, :imi Ycsimnii—20
XTAVri—AUirieh, Ailry, Aslih-y, Iranian, Bing-
ham, S. HI,in, Urulsje-', Hutrintoit, Calvert, Camp-
In1!!, L\i*s(jy. Cobb. Colfiix, Frederick A. ConkUng, Ro%coe
Conkimg, Covoii.', Cutler, Davis, Diiwes, Utveu, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Fentcm, Samuel 0. Fessenden,
Tiiomas A. D. Fe- enrien, Fisher, Flander?, Franchot,
Frank,Goocli, Halm, Harrison, Hooper, Norton, Hutchins,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Larking,
X^oonnf, Mclndoe, McKean,McKnight>Mcpherson, Mars-
ton, Maynard,Moorliead, Justm S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble,
Olui, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Alexan-
der H. Riee, John H. Rice, Riddle. Edward H. Rolling
James S. Rolling Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shelialmrcer, Sherman, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Trowbiulge, Van Hon), Van Wyek, Verree, Walker,Wal-
lace, Wa-hburno, Wheeler, Albert S. White, WicklifTo,
Wilson, Window, Worcester, and Wright—84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll, *
Mr. WRIGHT stated that he had paired with
Mr. Babbitt upon this and all other questions.
Mr. CRAVENS stated that he had paired with
Mr. Sloan upon all questions affecting this bill.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
report of the committee of conference on the table,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. William Allen, William j. Allen, An-
eona, Calvert, Cox, Dunlap, English, Hall, Hauling, Hol-
man, Johnson, Knapp, Law, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pen-
dleton, Robinson, James S. Rollins, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Vallnndigham, Voothce?, Ward, Chilton A.White,
Wieklifte, Wood, and Yeaman—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman,
Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bridges, Buftinton,Camp-
bell, Casey, Clements,Colfax, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Diven,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Samuel C. Fe=4-
senden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Flanders Fran-
chot, Fiank, Gooch, Tluhn, Haight, Hairit-on, Ilooper,
Hoiton, Hutching Kelley, Francis W. ICellogg. William
Kellogg, Lansing, Lootms, Mclndoe, McKean, McKniglu,
McPher^on, Marsion, Maynard, Moorhe.id, Justin S. Mor-
nll, Nixon, Olin, Patton, Timothy G. Phelp-., Pike, Pom-
eroy, Potter, Alexandei li. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edwaid H. Uollms, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shetheldj
Sii :llabar er, Sherman, Stevens, Troivbridue, Van Horn,
Van Wyek. Verree, Walker, Wallace, Wa^bhurne, Wheel-
er, Albert «. White, Wilson, Windom,and Worcester—79.
So the report of the committee of conference
was not laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB stated that he had paired with Mr.
Stratton upon this bill, Mr. Stratton1 being in
favor of the bill, and he [Mr. Cobb] opposed
to it.
Mr. FOUKE stated that he had paired with Mr.
Morrill, of Maine, upon all important questions
relating to the bill, and upon adjournments.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. JOHNSON (at twenty minutes before two
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, moved that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WOOD moved to amend the motion by
striking out "Monday" and inserting " Tues
day."
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order,
that the latter motion cannot be entertained, as it
would be adjourning the House for more than
three days.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) The Chair overrules the question of
order.
Mr. WOOD. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
my motion.
The yeas and. nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative-—yeas 14, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Cox, John-
son, Knapp, Lazear, Menzies, Noble, Nugen, Pendleton,
Sliies, Chilton A. White, Wickhlle, and Wood—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, A1U v, Ashley, Daily, Baxter,
Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bridges, Buf-
finton, Calveit, Campbell, Casey, Clements, Cobb, Colfax,
Fiederick A. (Jonklmg, Ro&cou Conkling, CovoUe, Cutler,
Davis, Dawes, Duulap, Dunn, Edgertou, Edwaidf, Eliot,
Fenton, Samuel C. Fe^ondeu, Thomas A. I). Fest-emlen,
Fisher, Flanders, Fianehot, Fiank, Gooeh,'llahn. Harrison,
IIoopi r, Iloiton, Hutchm?-, Julian, Kelley, Francjs. W.
Kellncg, William Kfl!o<ig, Lan-ing, Loomis, Mclndoe,
MeKean,MeKnisht, MoPlier-on, Maiston,Mavnatd Moor-
head, Ju-tin S. Mornll. Nivon, Olin, Patton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Poinfiov, Poiter, Alexander II. llice, John
li. Kice, Riddle. Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent. Sedgwick,
Snauks, Sheffield, Shcllabuiger, Sherman, Stratton, Ben-
jamin I'\ Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Venee, Walker, Wallace, Ward, IVn-hburne, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—87.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire
tlip consent of the House to renew the proposi-
tion I made early in the evening, that the vote be
taken on the report of the committee of conference
at one o'clock Monday,and that the evening ses-
sion of to-morrow be devoted to general discus-
sion. • ^ •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object. ' .
Mr. WASHBURNE. I inove to suspend all
rules that will interfere with the adoption of the
proposition of the gentleman from MasiS&ehu-
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—only fif-
teen members voting therefor.
The rules were suspended—two thirds voting
therefor.
The proposition of Mr. Thomas, of Massachu-
setts, was adopted; and itwas thereupon ordered
that a vote be taken upon the adoption of the re-
port of the committee of confcrence atone o'clock
on Monday next, and that the evening session of
to-morrow be devoted to general debate.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio,
(at two o'clock, a. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 28, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
By unanimous consent, on motion of Mr.
WADE, the x-eading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
MESSAGE OF THE GOVERNOR OF UTAH.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the following reso-
lution, reported by the Committee on Territories,
was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the message of
the Governor of Utah to the Territorial Legislature be
printed, and sent to the Governor for distribution.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOSTER presented the memorial of Ma-
tilda M. Watmough, widow of John G. Wat-
mough, praying for arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HARRIS presented resolutions of the Sen-
ate of New York in favor of the speedy payment
of the bounty money and arrears of pay due to
the families of deceased soldiers from that State,
who served in the Army of the United States;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
ItEPOKTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred thejoint resolution
(S. No. 112) tendering the thanks of Congress
to Captain Cadwalader Ringgold, the officers and
crew of the United States ship Sabine, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, aslced to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
resolution of the Senate of the 28th of December,
instructing them to inquire into the expediency
of abolishing the United States marine corps, as
a naval organization, and attaching it to the Army
as the twentieth regimentof infantry; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the two following mes-
sages of the President of the Upited States; which
was agreed to:
Message of the 5th of Jamiary, communicating
a report of the Secretary of State on the subject
of consular pupils; and _ -
Message of the 26th of January, communicating
a report of the Secretary of State of the regula-
tions, decrees, and orders for the government of
the United Slates consular courts in Turkey.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the following subjects,
and that they lie'on the table; which was agreed to:
So much of the President's message as relates
to the disposition of any surplus in the Treasury
after satisfying the claims of American citizens
against the Chinese Government, under the act of
March 3, 1859; a petition of Nott& Co.; and a
memorial of S. L. Governeur, jr., late consul at
Foo Chno, China. ,
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the mes-
sage of the President communicating correspond-
ence on the subject of mediation, arbitration, or
