1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
the opportunity, and perhaps not the necessary
linowledge, to enable them to procure adverse
testimony. This court was instituted for this
purpose; not to relieve Congress from the duty of
deciding these cases, but to aid Congress in ob-
.Bining fecit, and testimony according to the well-
established rules of judicature, and that the exam-
ination may be exhaustive and the final decision
}f Congress enlightened.
It is argued that Congress ought to divest itself
of jurisdiction in all of these cases, because Con-
gress does not usually confirm more than about
one in ten of the claims that are decided favorably
by the court. How, then, can the passage of this
lull be construed as a guardian of the Treasury ?
Under the operation of the law as it now stands,
■with all the light that exhaustive judicial exam-
inations can throw around these Ciises—examin-
ations as thorough as can be had under the new
bill, Congress rejects nine tenths of the claims |
Bhat are decided favorably by the court. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator does !
not mean to misstate the fact. Congress does not
reject nine outof ten cases. It refuses to actupon
them. _ ,
While I am up, if he will allow me, I will give
an answer to the other part of his argument. He
says this bill is to guard the Treasury; and he
wants to know how it is to guard il if the decision
is to be final, when you have got the court already,
and Us decision is not final? I will tell you bow.
Claimants do not go before the Court of Claims.
They find that when they get a decision in their
favor there it amounts to nothing, and they come
right heic. This bill, as it now stands, will com-
pel every case of which the court has jurisdiction
to go (here necessarily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We send them there now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; we do not,and never
have. We have had them here every Congiess
since I have been here.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I need not in-
form a Senator who has served 111 this body so
long and so honoiably as the Senator from Illi-
nois, that postponement is one mode ot rejecting
a bill. Congress, after reviewing the testimony
prepared by the Court of Claims, postpones de-
cisions in nine cases in ten.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, Congress has not postponed them. It has
not reviewed them at all. Notone casein ten has
Congress ever refused, in any shape whatever, or
taken any vote upon.
Mr. HARLAN. Why, Mr. President, a re-
fusal or neglect to take up a ease alter the testi-
mony has been laid befoie Congress, and before
each Senator, is evidence that, in the opinion of
the Senate, the claimant ought not to have relief.
Mr. GRIMES. We have confirmed, since 1
have been in the Senate, at least nine out of ten
of the cases that came Irom the Court ot Claims
which were decided adversely by the Court of
Claims, and I think the chauman of the Committee
on Claims will so state. In nine cases outoften,
the derisions have been adverse, and we have con-
firmed them by an affirmative act.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. I shall be through in a mo-
CLARK. Very well; I would just as lief
reply afierwaids. .
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, these claim-
ants all live somewhere. Tliey aie citizens, piob-
ably, of some of the States of the Union. Ifihey
reside in Illinois, and have just claims against this
Government, they would not be plow to appeal to
the honorable Senator for his able service ill se-
curing their lights. He and his colleague here,
and his colleagues m tile other branch of Con-
gress, would not be slow to lift their voices in fa-
vor of just claimants front his State. This would
be true of claimants from evi ry State of this
Union. I suppose one object in organizing this
body and the othei branch of Congiess, as they
are constituted, was to secuie a representation of
the local interests of the pi ople ot every part of
the country. I know of no citizen of my fetate
who has a claim against this Government, who
has ever suffered 011 account of the inattention or
inaction or silence of any of its representatives;
and 1 doubt very much whetiierany Senator here
will rise in his place mid call on himself the just
condemnation and censure of his own constuu-
ency on account of personal neglect of their in-
terests. We are not only the representatives ^of
the whole people of the United States in this body,
but we are the representatives of the people ofthe.
individual States. They have a right to expect
us to attend to their interests. It is the duty as
well as the pleasure of every Senator to call the
attention of this body to a fair consideration of
the just claims of his constituents against the
Government, when pending in the Senate; and
Congress has not been inattentive to these inter-
ests.
If I thought that any just claimant against the
Government of the United States was likely to
suffer if this bill should fail, 1 would vote for it.
1 do not think so. I believe that every just claim-
ant can reach his rights under the law as it now
stands. As I view the ease, there is no necessity
for the passage of the bill. It does not enlarge
the jurisdiction of the court. It does not give the
court any poweis or capabilities that it does not
now possess for the investigation of cases, for the
purpose of eliciting testimony on both sides; for
the purpose of bringing out all the facts m each
case, and revealing the true character of every
claim.
I do not think, therefore, Mr. President, that
the Treasury will be protected by the passage of
this bill. There have been no facts stated here,
there has been 110 testimony produced here, there
has been noarguinentpresented, which induce me
to think that the Treasury will be protected by the
passage of the bill. All the facts and arguments
adduced in thisdiscussion,asii seems to me, tend
to produce a different, conclusion, and to raise a
presumption in my mind that the Treasury will
suffer by the passage of this bill. I will not be-
lieve that any just claimant will suffer, if the law
should not be amended as it now stands. 1 have
served here a long time for a young man; I have
listened as attentively as I havegiveneai nest atten-
tion to iis business, and 1 know of no just claim j
that has been rejected by the Senate; 1 know of
no just claim that has been indefinitely postponed;
1 know of 110 just claim that is now sleeping oil
your table; I know of no just claim that, is buiied
in the hands of yourComniittee on Claims. Why,
sir, you have appointed a committee, constituted
of members of the Senate who rank as high as any
members 111 the body 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Iowa allow me to ask him a question right there ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask lum if he has
ever lead ihe testimony in one of ten of the cases
of the claimants that have come here from the
Court of Claims? lie says he knows of no just
claim that has not been paid. If his knowledge
consists in never having examined them, it does
not amount to anything. I would like to know
if he ever read one tenth of the cuses.
Mr. UARLAN. I might ask 1 he Senator jf
he has ever read one tenth of the laud cases thtit
have been reported fiorn the Committee on Public
Lands? lias ho ever read the testimony 111 one
tenth of the cases repoi ted from the Committee
on Private Land Claims? Has he read all the
pttpeis in one tenth of the cases that have been
referred to any one of your more than twenty
standing committees ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state that 1 have not, and 1 would not,
theiefoie, undertake to assert in the Senate that
there was 110 just claim that had not been paid,
that I knew of none, when I had never looked
into them at all. I think, therefore, when the
Senator from Iowa asserts that he knows of no
just claim against this Government that lias not
been paid, lie is bound to confess that he has
never read one 111 ten of them, and then the fact
that he doi s not know that they are just ought
not to have much weisht.
Mr. IIARLAN. Mr. President, I made no
I sui h confession. The Senator has made an as-
i sumption which is not founded in the^facts, and
I winch IS inconclusive in argument. The Senate
must rely hugely on the fidelity of its committees.
No one Senator can examine 111 detail all the busi-
ness that comes before Congress. Bull may slate,
in direct reply to his question, that I have exam-
ined every claim that has been acted on by this
body, abo'ut the justice of which I had a shadow
of doubt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one m ten.
Mr. HARLAN. And for the very good reason,
that the Court of Claims decides adversely in a ma-
jority of the cases, and the Committee ort Claim*
"usually report in favor of confirming that ad verse
decision, rendering a personal examination .Un-
necessary,
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me for a moment, 1 know that while I was in the
luibit of looking at these claims—I have not looked
at them in the last Congress—the great majority
of claims that were not acted upon were classes
of claims to which Congress objected and were
unwilling to pay. For instance,pension claims,
which the court decided according to the letter of
the law, but where Congress knew no such intern
tion prevailed at the time the act was passed; and
a parcel of claims from New York and other places
011 the Treasury for the recovery of duties paid,
which they always supposed tobe unjust. These
were the great classes and the great majority of
the claims not paid by Congress. They may have
changed since, 1 do not know; but I believe that
if you make an examination to-day you will find
that four fifths of the cases not acted upon have
been those cases which Congress have refused to
pay. 1 know there were several cases while I
was on the Committee on Claims—I cannotspecify
■ what ones—111 which I came to the conclusion that
the decision of the court was wrong.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have no doubt, Mr. Presi-
dent, this conforms to the knowledge "of every
Senator on this floor; the claims that.have tiotbeeit
acted on have been suffered to lie quietly, because,
in the opinion of the Senate, they ought not to
pass. But if just claims are not acted on by tha
Senate, why not? We have a standing committee
on tliis subject, composed of very able Senators.
I suppose, when I am appointed by the Senate on
oneofuscommittees,and especially when I amap*
pointed as chairman of one of its committees, that
1 11111 charged with a kind of guardianship of all
the business submitted to that committee. Under
the direction of such committee, I have supposed
it to bo my duty to see that this business is^thor-
oughly examined and reported back to the Senate
for its action, and to see that the attention of the
body is also called to this business in ift proper
order. I cannot vote, therefore, in hivor of this
bill without,as I look at it, voting an implied cen-
suie on the chairman and Ihe other members of the
Committee on Claims. If they do not exiimine
and repoit back to the Senate, and call up at the
proper time the business referred to them, they
do not perform the functions for which they were
appointed. They are a eourL to examine prima-
rily all these cases, and to report them back to the
Senate, and at the proper time to call ihe attention
of this body to all that pait of the business thus
referred which, in their judgment, ought to be
acted on by this body. If these elaims are suf-
fered to test, to sleep the sleep of death, knowing
the members of that committee and its able find
indefatigable chairman, as ! do, I conclude that,
in then* judgment, the mot>t ot these claims are
umrteritonous, and ought not 10 receive favorable
action. . j
But if they were to neglectthe business intrusted
to them by the Semite, it is competent for any
Senator to move to discharge the committee,and
ask the attention of the Senate to any claim known
!i to be just and meritorious. And as these claim-
i1 ants are cit izens of the respective States, and have
l| representatives on this floor and on the floor of
i' the other branch of Congress, it is not probable
J that any such claim will be neglected. Looking
, ut this sui'jeet, therefore, in any light in which I
: am able to vie.vv it, J see no necessity for the bill.
11 It is not my province to eensure courts or other
>! public functional tes; but none of us are infallible;
;| n)1(I m my opinion judges are as liable to err as
i' Senators; and 1 do not believe that any Court of
:: Claims, however constituted, would be as safes
tribunal to hold the purse-strmga of the natiorc as
j Congress itself; and in my opinion none would
be more just to claimants themselves. ^sos.r^1™"
- ants have no interest in the passage of tins bill,
none whatever. The only object they possibly
;; could hav in the passage of the bill would be
1 to escape the scrutiny of Congress, to escape the
i scrutiny of theirown representatives. I therefore
: hope that this bill may n«>t pass.
1 Mr. CLARK. I am with the Senator from
i Iowa upon the Committee 011 Public Lands; I am
1! also upon the Committee on Claims withouthim.
Now, I can say that if he had kaowahaif asrauc®
