422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
about the Committee mi Claims as ho does about
thVCommutee on Public Lands, hp would not
have said what he has said, nor have made the
argument he has made. It is because he has
not understood the working of the Committee on
Chums, and not from any design to misstate or
to keep Hack anything, that he states what he does
now. Why, Mr. President, if any one will re-
flect a moment on the character of the claims that
come before this bodyand before its committee, he
wili see (hat they reach in point of lime from the
Revolution to this day. They arise in the revolu-
tionary war; they arise in the last war with Great
Britain; they arise in the Indian wars; the Ore- ,
gon war; the Black Hawk war; and every other
war this Government has had down to the present
rebellion; they arise in this Department, and in
that Department, and every other Department,
and cannot be classed or put under any one rule
for examination. Now, I desire to say in regard
to the Committee on Claims, of which you know
something, sir, [Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,] being
upon that committee", that we labor diligently on
the claims before us, and there are every session
before us a great many more chums than we can
possibly deal with or than the Senate would deal
with ik we dealt with them. I undertake to say
to you, and I shall he verified by your own knowl-
edge, that if we were to take the claims which are
now before us this short session, and work dili-
gently, without coming into the Senate, and were
to examine them as they ought to be examined,
we could not get through with them until next
December.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator
if he supposes that this is the first time these claims
have been pr< senteu to Congress, or the first time
they have been investigated ?
Mr. CLARK. No, Mr. President; some of
them have been before Congress every year, year
after year; some of them have been reported; some
of them have been reported upon favorably, and
it was not any fault of the committee that they
were not passed. The Senator from Iowa knows
how these bills stand upon the Pnvate Calendar
session a#er ses.sion, and are not acted upon. If
they are not acted upon at one session, they are
taken up at the next session, ami go back to the
committee for further action; and you put your
committee to the trouble of examining the same
claim perhaps ten times over. Sometimes a report
is made in favor of a claim; sometimes the report
is adverse, and sometimes the committee is di-
vided. I believe that in the committee you,sir, and
1 divid«d this session on one claim, where here
have been both an ad veise and a fa voraUe report,
and yet we are nor to blame in regaid to ti; we
labor faithfully. If such a claim as that went to
the Court of Claims and was once decided, there
would be an end of it.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire in what way it
would be the end of it? Suppose the Court of
Claims decided that under the law the money
could not be paid, and yet, in the opinion of Con-
gress, u was a just and equitable claim, and, in
the opinion of the legislative body of the country,
the law ought to be enlarged so as to embrace it.
In what way, then, does an adverse decision set-
tle it ?
Mr. CLARK, f will state exactly in what way
it will be the end of the class which we propose
shall go to the Court of Claims. We propose that
every claim founded upon a law of Congress,
founded upona regulation of an Executive Depart-
ment, or founded upon a contract, express or im-
plied, when it comes here, shall go to the Court
of Claims. It goes there, and the action of the
court is against it; it £ets to the Supreme Court,
and the action there is against it; now, suppose
it comes back here undera new petition—it takes
the same course again; it must,by this bill,go to
the Court of Claims again, and if, upon a show-
ing 
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator intend to
argue that a law of one Congress can bind the
next Congress ?
Mr. CLARK. I undertake to say it will bind
it in its action until it is repealed.
Mr. HARLAN. Will not a refusal to refer it
be, to that extent, a repeal of the law, so far as
that case is concerned ?
Mr. CLARK. The bill provides that when, in
the opinion of Congress, the case ought not to go
there because of some equity wising which Con*
,
cress should jud<?e upon, it shall, upon the reso-
lution of either House, be retained in Congress,
that they may act upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; and thus the Sen-
ator confirms my argument, that it does not re-
move this subject from investigation by the two
branches of Congress. The whole subject comes
rjo-ht back upon usagain, if, in the opinion of the
claimants, they have a just and equitable claim
that oujjht to be paid.
Mr. CLARK. Before that can be done, itgoes
to the Court of Claims, or the party must make
a showing here in the Senate or in the House of
Representatives that he had a case which ought
to be heard in Congress, and not in the court.
Mr. HARLAN. He must make that showing
to the" satisfaction of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly he must.
Mr. HARLAN. To bring it right back to the
discretion of this body.
Mr. CLARK. And we propose, after the show-
ing is nade, as a rule of Congress, that it shall
go to the court. That shall be the rule and not
the exception. Now it is the exception and not
the rule. As I recollect, you have not sent from
this Senate one solitary claimant, this session, to
the Court of Chums; I do not know that you did last
session. A man came into my room tins morning
to converse with me about a claim he had which lie
talked of presenting, and he said somebody wanted
him to go to the Court of Claims; "but," said
lie, "if I go there, I have then to come to you;
I want to come to you in the first instance." If
jt was understood that the law was such that he
would be sent there the moment his case came
into Congress, if it arose under this bill, lie would
say, 44 I must go there;" and he would go there
without troubling your committee. He would go
there in the first instance, and present his petition
there. He would know that if he came into the
Senate or the House of Representatives, he would
be sent there. He would then say, " 1 will not
take the trouble to wait for the session of Con-
gress; 1 will go now, and present my case to the
Court of Claims and have it adjudicated," as he
ma v do.
Now, Mr.President, one word in regard to the
efficiency of your committee. I am not going to
say a word in favor of the committee; but i can
re}] the Senator from Iowa that if he will come
down and work on it—and he is a working man—
he will be satisfied that the committee is a labo-
rious one.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope 1 have not blundered
so far as to throw out even an allusion that could
be construed into a censure of the committee. I
intended the very reverse.
Mr. CLARK. I understand exactly how it
went. The argument was (hut claims were not
examined here. The Senator would not believe
that they were not examined, because if they were
not examined it was the fault of the committee,
and he would cast no censure on the committee !
Now I tell him that some of the cases are not ex-
amined; and why? Because we cannot do it. It
is not our fault.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, we
ought to enlarge the committee, or appoint two
committees. That is a sufficient reply,
Mr. CLARK. More committees might aid
it, perhaps; but they certainly would not aid the
Senate, if you turn to your Private Call ndarfor
the last ten years, you find that there have been
fifty cases examined by your committee that the
! Senate has not touched, session after session.
| Why not get another Senate? You did not set a
I day apart during the last session for the consid-
! eration of private claims.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
whether the Senate has refused to consider any
bill icported fium the Committee on Claims fa-
vorably, to which he has called the attention of
the body ?
Mr. CLARK. At this session ?
Mr. HARLAN". Yes, sir; at this session.
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; and that brings me to
another point that i wish to come at. My col-
league undertook to argue to the Senate—no, to
exhibit to the country—that Congress could not
provide for the payment of the soldiers because
we were delayed by private claimants, by men ;
who wanted to put their hands in the Treasury 1
and rob the Government; and he beseechingly !
and piteously told a story of five of the New I
Hampshire second regiment that had come here
to the doors and said they had not been paid. Did
not my colleague know that four or five days ago
we provided for that very matter? It was not
delayed an hour, nor a minute, nor an instant by
a private claim; nobody was here clamoring to
put his hands into the Treasury. Sir, > he Senate
has not spent half an hour this session on any
pnvate claim. This is all talk for effect on the
country, and there is no fact on which to base it.
Now, Mr. President, i desire to make all pro-
vision for the soldiers, i would noi for a moment
stand here to argue in relation to the Court of
Claims if there was any legislation needed to pay
your soldiers. 1 would not now ask to have this
bill considered if there was any provision neces-
sary for the welfare of your Army; but I desire
that it shall be fairly considered, and not upon
talk that may be thrown out affecting the public
and not the subject. There has been a good deal
of talk of claimants putting their hands into the
Treasury and robbing the Government. 1 tell my
colleague, and I tell the Senate, that you have not
paid $3,0U0 this session for any private claim, nor
for all of them together. It is no use to talk about
robbing the Treasury. All the private claims we
have allowed this session will not amount to
§3,000—certainly not a very hirge robbery.
Sir, as 1 understand this bill, it proposes to send
to the Court of Claim* those who have claims
founded upon a law of Congress, or upon a reg-
ulation of an Executive Department, or upon a
con tract express or implied with the United States;
and when that court has acted on those claims
arising in that way, and in no other way, we pro-
pose that its decision, if confirmed by the Su-
preme Court, shall be final. ' I am told by the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] that under this
bill the Court of Claims max act on all the vast
war claims which have arisen and may arise, be-
cause the Departments have a regulation in regard
to matters of that kind. The answer is that those
claims are not founded upon the regulation; the
claims would exist if there was no regulation;
the claims arise out of the conduct of your armies,
the occupation of land,&c. They are not founded
on the regulation. The Departments may under-
take to say by their regulation how they shall be
adjusted; and they will do that, whether you have
this bill or not; but when a man goes into the
Court of Claims and into the Supreme Court with
a claim founded upon a regulation, the court ex-
amine, first, whether there is such a regulation;
then, had the Department power to make the reg-
ulation; then,does this claim well arise under it.
If the court find that there was such a regulation,
that the Department had a wght to make it, and
that the claim is under it, why in God's name
should it not be paid ?
I am not strenuous in regard to this bill. I am
content that Congress should go on in the way
they havegone on, if they choose; butl tell Sena-
tors that the safest guard we have had heretofore
over the Treasury and over pi ivate claims, since I
iiave been in Congress, has been found in theCourt
of Claims. When you send this cia«s of cases to
the Court of Claims, if they are able to pas* that
ordeal,and then togetthmugh theSupremeCourt,
I think it is time they should be paid. Then there
will be enough left for your committee, there will
be enough left for tlk Senate, and enough left for
the House of Representatives, over which we
shall still have to pass. All the equitable claims
will come heie, and Congress will judge of them
just as it has done'before. Ail the claims for dam-
ages of the war will come here, and Congress will
judge of them, just as before. Only in regaid to
the class of claims mentioned in the bill is the
action of the courts to be final. Hhmk the bill
is a wise one so far as it goes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish lo call the attei
tion of the chairman of the Committee on ClaimH
to one fact. I cannot find on our Calendar a sin-
gle report from the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLARK. 1 can explain to the Senator
very readily how that is; he will see it in a mo
ment. During the lust Congress there were, say,
ten favorable reports which were notacted upon
Then, at the end of the session, they went oaciv
to the files, and nobody has asked that they be
sentagain to the Committee on Cldims,and there-
fore they are still on the files.
Mr. fESdENDEN. if that be so, the claim-
ants cannot think much of them.
