L86B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42
Mr.CLARK. Thatmay be; the claimants nmy j
not think much of them; but it does not alter the |
tact; it does not alter the action of the committee.
Let me call the Senator's attention to one class of
claims which 1 know hewill remember—theliquor
cases. Q,uite a large number of cases of that kind
were presented, where the parties had paid the
duties required of them, but omitted the protest
against the payment. They came to Congress;
they did not go to the court. If they had gone
into the Supreme Court, they would have been
stopped, because they (lid not pay under protest;
but they came to Congress, and Congress sent
them to the Courtof Claims. The Court of Claims
found that the duties should be paid buck; that
they were illegally exacted; but they did not touch
the question of protest. When those cases came
back, the Committee on Claims were divided about
them; but the general opinion was that the duty
had better not be refunded. They then went back
on the fU.-s, and never have been seen in our com-
mittee since. ...
- Mr. FES8ENDEN. That confirms what I said
befoie. If they are on the files, they are claims
which Consress has rejected.
Mr. CLARK. No,'Mr. President, I beg the
pardon of the Senator from Maine. It does not
confirm his statement to that extent. 1 only al-
lude to one class. I can allude to individual claims
that have been before us, and for one reason or
another have not been disposed of. One was re-
ported on favorably, but was not acted on by the
Senate, and never appeared again—a very large
claim. It will not do to judge of the whole by a
class, any more than it will do to judge of the
whole by an individual case. 1 heaction is a vei y
extensive one, and a very voluminous one. ^Ve
give it all that care and attention we can; but m
the present conditioiv>f the country the commit-
tee have been guided by this consideration, that
they would examine first the cases of the most
pressing importance arising out of its presenteou-
dition, and let the older claims sleep. I think the
Senate will say that we were wise in that conclu-
sion; and hence I have examined, or caused to be
examined with care, a claim arising out of tins
war, which my colleague presented, a very just
claim, on which we have made a report, and 1
hope to get the favorable action of the Senate on ,
it by and by. We have been disposed to let the :
older claims sleep, in preference to the new ones,
where they were meritorious.
I want to say a word further in regard to what
was said by the Senator fiom Iowa m relation to
the fact that these claims might have gone to the
Treasury Department or the accounting ofheers.
Why, Mr. President, take a case that arose in
the revolutionary war: would it go to the account-
ing officers of your Treasury ? Take a claim for
damages in the war of 1S12; would that go there?
Take a claim m the Oregon war, or any Indian
war; would that go there > Some cases do go
there. We passed" upon one nota week ago that
had been there, and they said the claim ought to
be paid; it was a just claim, but they had no
authority to pay it. It was only $287, and we
reported the bill, and it was passed by the Senate
at once, and I hope the amount will be paid.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, at the present time and under existing cir-
cumstances 1 am opposed to enlarging the )uns-
diction or increasing the number of the judges ot
the Court of Claims. I have voted against occu-
pying the crowded hours of the Senate with the
consideration of this lull, and I shall vote against
its final passage, if Congress has any power over
the Treasury of the United States, or over any-
thin" else, 1 do not think this is the time to yield
up any of its poweis, and I shall vote with the ..
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Half..] But
1 rise now to call his attention and the attention ,
of the Senate to the remark lie has made in regard ,
to the payment of the soldiers of our Aimy. ;
was sorry to hear the Senator from N°w Hamp- j
shire hold the Congress of the United States re- ,
sponsible for the nonpayment ot the,soldiers of |
our Army. I care not, sir, who makes t heaccu- ,
sation that Congress is responsible for the-non-
payment of our tioops; such accusation has no
foundation m trulh to rest upon. No, sir; the j
Congress of the United Stales is not responsible :
for the non-payment of our soldiers, and I want |
everv soldier it. the Army and every man in the '
oour-ry to understand that Congress is m no way, i
directly or indirectly, responsible for the non-
. payment of the soldiers of our Army and the sail-
ors of our INavy.
Sir, Congress provided means to carry on the
Governmentof the country,and those means were
placed in the hands of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. He had the authority of Congress to sell
the bonds of this Government for whatever they
would bring to pay the soldiers of our Army and
sailors on the decks of our vessels. It might have
been wise in him not to put these bonds upon the
market. There may have been a reason why he
thought it best not to do so, and it may have been
best that he should not have done so; but he had
that authority. When this Congress met in De-
cember last, the Secretary of the Treasury did not
ask us to give him any special authority to pro-
vide means to pay the soldiers. Congress had not
only given the Secretai y of the Treasury this au-
thority to raise money, but Congress had enacted
a law providing that our soldiers should be paid
every two months unless the circumstances of the
case rendered it very difficult to do so, and the
regulations of the service, too, require that our
Army shall be paid every two months. Through
the months of November and December the Sec-
retary should have furnished the money to pay
the. soldiers up to the 31st of October. During
those two months these payments should have been
made, and during the months of January and Feb-
ruary the Army should be paid up to the 31st day
of December. That is the law and the legulation,
and under the law and regulation our Army was
paid lip to the last of August, with some few ex-
ceptions.
I am told that the Treasury Department has
placed money in the hands of the Paymaster Gen-
eral, or given authority to pay the Army up to
the 31st day of October,and several millions more;
but theie tire many regiments in the service scat-
tered up and down the country that were not paid
up to tlie 31st day of August; and there are many
soldiers away from their legiments in the hos-
pitals of the country, who cannot be paid up to
any time, for I he reason that they were away from
their commands without their descriptive lisis;
and that is the chief reason why so many of the
soldiers in the hospitals have remained unpaid for
so many months. The line officers are respons-
ible tor this—not the Government. When Con-
gress assembled, and in the early weeks of De-
cember, there was a clamor in the country for the
payment of the soldiers. We had nothing from
theexecutive departmentasking Congiess to pro-
vide means to pay the soldiers; and when we
asked why the soldiers were not paid, we were
told, and I suppose told correcLly—and I wish
the Government had stood upon that fact—that
we had been compelled to muster a large num-
ber of men into the service, and had to advance
bounties to them; and that commands had been
sent away—Banks's command and others—and
the soldiers composing them had to be paid up to
the time of moving; and that some of the regi-
ments ill the field had, therefore, not been paid as
they ought to have been paid. And, sir, we were
told that the Treasury Department had set apart
$500,000 a day for the payment of the soldiers;
and when we pressed this matter of payment on
the Government, we were told that the Govern-
ment intended to provide the means to pay them,
and that it would all be right. The Secretary of
the Treasury pressed upon Congress his great
financial and currency plan, but no special efforts
were made to provide the means immediately de-
manded to pav our Army.
On the 22d of December the House of Repre-
sentatives passed a joint resolution "for the prompt
payment of the soldiers of the United State Army,
I and the seamen and marines in the United States
I Navy." Tins joint resolution provided that steps
| should be immediately taken for the payment of
j the sum due to soldiers in our Army and tlicsea-
1 men and the marines in our Navy; and that to this
end a preference «ho>dd be given to this class of
creditors overeveiy oiher. it came to the Senate,
and on the Cth day of January the Committee
on Military Affaiis reported the resolution, and
with it a provision providing for the issuing of
$50,000,000 in Treasury notes for the special pur-
pose of paying the Army and Navy. There was
nothing from the executive department of the Go\ -
ernment asking for special action at any time, and
there was nothing from that department pressing
any action on this subject. A day or two after,
the amendment i proposed went to the Corftmit-
tee on Finance, that committee reported a bill
for $200,000,000, which was promptly sent m tlra
House of Representatives. TheHousi',nnts stead,
returned a resolution providing for $]00,000,0(K>f
and the Senate promptly passed it. Now, sir,in
spite of this action of Congress, which was not
asked for by the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, which was rather forced upon the Govern-
ment, the idea pervades the country that it has
not done its duty.
There never was an hour when the executive
Government of the country did not have from
Congress authority to raise loans to pay our ar-
mies in full. I am ready, and always have been
ready, to take all the responsibility the Govern-
ment choosc to put on me, and to bear all the bur-
dens we have put upon us,and everybody knows
thev are pretty heavy to bear; but I do not like
y r •  -i •  ^  
to have responsibilities put upon us that do not
belong to us. The executive branch of the Gov-
ernment shall not put this responsibility upon me.
I disown it; I disown it for the Senate and for the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusettsa question; it is this: whether,
if he has knowledge of the cause of the non-pay-
ment of the troops, it is not best that ho should
state what that knowlenge is, and let the Senate
and the country know what the real cau'se of this
disgrace to the nation is and has been. I should
like very much to hear the cause stated in plain
English, RO that the saddle may be put upon the
ri ht horse.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
know that 1 can state the cause; but 1 believe this
to be the cause: we raised last summer und ati*
tumn a very large body of new troopsj some four
or five hundred thousand, and we agreed to pay
them twenty-five dollars, in advance, as bounty.
The amount, of course, was very larp>; the diaitl
upon the Treasury was very great. The ™jear]<}
the law required that the troops in the field should
be paid every two months. The Government pro-
fessed to pay on the 31st of August, and again on
the 31st of October, and again on the 31st of De-
cember. Sir, the payments through the months of
September and October, which were about twenty-
eHit million dollars, were not made to all the men
in°the field. To some portions of the Army the
payments were made. Congress called for inform-
ation as to the amount due, and it was reported
to be $28,000,000 or $30,000,000 up to the 31st of
October. For November and December, as much
more would be added. I suppose that this large
drain upon the Treasury exhausted the means of
the Treasury Department, unless the lrensuiy
Department went into the maiket and sola the
bonds of the Government, as the Secretary was
authorized to do, whatever might bo the market
price. The Secretary of the Treasury took the
responsibility of not putting these bonds upon the
maiket at the prires they would command.
Mr. HOWARD. Why?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
lie thought it would depreciate the credit of the
Government, and thatit was not best for the nation
to commence toteeli its bonds for what they would
bring in the market. When Congress met , the Sec-
i retary of the Treasury came before ns with a gen-
' oral plan of finance and currency. That ptsn was
before the House of Representatives for action.
The Secretary of the Treasury, and every other
person in the country, should have known that it
would take months to prepare and cany through
Congress a plan so vast and so great as that
which he proposed; and if he needed money to
pay the Army he ought to have asked
special power and authority to provide it. He did
not do that. I was told over and over again dur-
ing the month of December bv moie than one offi-
cer of this Government, that the drafts upon the
Treasury had been very great, but that tin y were
providing means to meet then! as fast as they
could; and that they had set apart $500,000 a day,
which would be about $15,000,000a month, to pay
up the troops for September and October; and that
soon everything would be satisfactorily ai range .
1 saw that at that rate it would take two
to pay the men up to the 31st of October, and that
there should and must be a special act passed
through Congress, unless the Secretary oiitie
i Treasury would sell the bonds of the Government
