1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
fact that the court themselves were divided; it
was barely the turning majority of one man upon
the bench.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I understand that the
other member of the court had nothing to do
with it.
Mr. CLARK. He decided as to the points of
the contract, but claimed that the rule of damages
which the majority of the court adopted was so
exceedingly narrow, and did such injustice to
these claimants, that he would not have anything
to do with it. That was the ground. There is
one test to which I can bring this, and which 1
think will be tolerably satisfactory to the Senator
from Rhode Island. The Government built a cus-
tom-house at Detroit on precisely this plan, and
of the same style and dimensions with the one
at Buffalo; and adding to the cost of the Buffalo
house all that we now propose to give to the La-
thams, it will fail something like $30,000 short of
what has been paid for the one at Detroit.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator if he
knows what damages the dissenting judge pro-
posed to give? What would his rule of damages
give)
Mr. CLARK. I will tell the Senator what his
rule of damages was: that as to all the stonework
the Government had so violated the contract that
they should have throughout for the stone work
what twelve men or what a court should say
they ought to have,on a quantum meruit; but the
other judges held them down so far as they could
to the narrow price of the contract, as far as they
could trace it, and then gave them a quantum
meruit. As to the enlargement, two judges held
them down to the contract price for furnishing
the stone, when it cost them by admission treble
to get that that it was expected it would. The
proof is very voluminous, and it is very clear on
this point, that it very largely enhanced the dam-
ages; but the difficulty is, the witnesses differ a
good deal in the amount.
In regard to the custom-house at Oswego, the
Governnment built a house just like it at New
Haven, and that cost thousands ond thousands
of dollars more than the one at Oswego, if you
allow the Lathams what the committee propose
to allow them.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say here that
these parties have bankrupted themselves in doing
for the Government what the court decided they
were not obliged to do.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the court decided how
much damages they were entitled to fordoing so.
Mr. CLARK. 1 understand all that; but! am
going to urge this view on another point of the
case. The court decided that they were not
obliged to do it, but they went on and did it in good
faith, and they have built a building equal to any
other building of the kind in the United States.
There is no fault found with the work. They did
it thoroughly. They have been obliged to mort-
gage their real estate; they have been obliged to
call on their friends, and are actually indebted
now, as i understand, to the full amount this bill
will give them. Now, I ask the Senator if it is
lust to postpone these parties when the House of
Representatives has passed the bill, and we may
amend it and send it back, and let these parties
receive what is faiity their due from the Govern-
ment? If the Senator from Rhode Island would
undertake to examine the ease, I should not have
any doubt in the world that he would award even
a larger sum when he came to look at the testi-
mony. I do notexpecthim tocxanuncit; 1 know
he will not examine it. What is to be done ? I
do not mean that he has no disposition or would
not examine it, if required so to do; but it is not
within his sphere. Now, what is to be done in
this case? Are these parties to be permitted to
suffer, or will the Senate trust to its committee in
the examination of the case, or will it throw thorn
back upon the Court of Claims, which, I am
forced to say, does not do them justice?
I am generally for standing by the Court of
Claims; out there are oftentimes cases where an
equity arises which the court cannot consider.
In a clear case like this, where parties have suf-
fered in endeavoring to do for the Government
what the Government required, not what they
were bound to do, but what the Government re-
quired, I think it is the duty of Congress to make
them reparation. They have been good and faith-
ful servants; th  y hnv® been the friends of the Gov-
ernment; they are the warm friends of the Gov-
ernment, and should not be permitted to suffer.
Mr. HARRIS. I feel as though it was my duty
to say a word on behalf of these claimants. I
have not examined this claim, nor have I been
spoken to by Mr. Latham, although I have seen
him in the city; but I know these parties; one of
them is a master mason and the other a master
carpenter; they reside in the central part of New
York, and were reputable men, and regarded as
men of property until they took this contract. I
am credibly informed that they are entirely ruined
by this contract, entirely bankrupted, as has been
said by the Senator from New Hampshire, and
that it will take more than the whole amount of
money awarded them by this bill to pay for the
material furnished and the money they were
obliged to borrowto carry through this work,so
that after all it leaves them bankrupt. They have
ruined themselves by their attempt to perform
this contract with the Government, and it turns
out by the report of the Court of Claims that the
Government alone is at fault about it. It seems to
me it is a case that commends itself very strongly
to the justice of the Senate.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. Th^bill was
read the third time.
Mr. FOSTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire merely to say as a
member of the Committee on Claims that 1 took
occasion to examine this claim very closely. Al-
though the parties are of the same name as my-
self, I am in no way connected with them. I have
no hesitation in saying that I regard the commit-
tee as having really made the amount less instead
of more than is justly due these claimants. I re-
gard the claim us one of the most just that has
ever been presented to Congress, find that Con-
gress ought not to hesitate to pay it, and pay it
promptly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will state in a word the
considerations that will control my vote. I do not
wish to do injustice to these claimants, and I have
no doubt they are entitled to something, but their
claim has been examined before three tribunals.
In only one of them was the Government repre-
sented, and I am willing to pay them what was
awarded by that tribunal. I am willing to take
the judgment of the Court of Claims upon the
points which they decided, and I must take their
judgment as a whole, both on the points they de-
cided and the amount of damages they awarded.
I am willing to pay that; I am not willing to pay
more.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays U; as follows:
VK/VS—Messis. Arnold, C.uhle, dark, Collamer, Cow-
an, Davm, Pc^enden, Foot, Harding, llowo, La-
tham. MoDoimalL Ne^mith, Pomeroy. Powell, Rice, Rich-
ardson, Sumner, Trumbull, Turpic, Wade, Willey, Wil-
mot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Miasou-
11—26.
NAYSr—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Foster, Harlan,
King, Lane of Kansas, Salisbury, sherman, Tea Eyck,
Wall, and Wilkinson—11.
So the bill was passed.
UELBASE OF CAPTURED PRISONERS, ETC.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inquire and report to the Senate whcthei any oiFiccr of
the (iovennnunt has liberated prisoners captmod by ;uijT of
the naval foices of the United States and lestored captured
piopeity upon payment to him or them of any money or
other valuable consideration; and, it so. under what cir-
cumstances and by what authority such release has been
made, and icport thereon to the Senate, and whether, in
Ills opinion, any action is proper and necessary in the
piemisea.
TRANSPORTS FOR THE BANKS EXPEDITION.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the repoiter employed by the select com-
mittee on the subject of hteam vessels chartered for the
Banks; expedition, for his services in taking down and re-
porting at large the testimony and infoiniation delivered
orally before that committee on that subject, be allowed
the same rate of compensation a* that allowed for the re-
porting for the Congressional Globe.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
573,) amending- an act entitled " An act to author-
ize the corporation of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia, to lay and collect a water tax, and
for other purposes," approved May 21, 1862;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
576) for purchasing the Stevens battery; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
577) to further regulate the proceedings in prize
cases, and to amend various acts of Congress in
relation thereto; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. U; No.
708) making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending Juno 30, 1861, have agreed to recommend, and
do rpcommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House reccdc from their disagreement to the
eighth, eleventh, fourteenth, and sixteenth amendments of
the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate leeede fiom their seventh amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same with
an amendment, a<i follows: strike out all after the word
u same," in the third line of said Senate amendment, and
insert the following: "published .it least thirty days in two
daily newspapers of general circulation, published in each
of the cities of Washington, New York, Boston, and Phil-
adelphia, prior to such contract being made."
That the Huus>e recede from their disagreement to the
sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows : after the word '"for," in the
thirteenth line of saul Senate amendment, insert, " the es-
tablishment by purchase or hire of two."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's tenth amendment, and agree to the same.
That the House leeede from their disagreement to the
Senate's twelfth amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: at the end of line twenty-four,
after the word "dollars," insert, " for building floating dry-
dock at navy-yard, New York, $750,000 : Ptovvled, That
after examination and survey the Secretary of the Navy
shall deem it expedient."
J. W. GRIMES,
DANIEL, CLAUK,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
C. B. SEDGWICK,
Managers 011 the part of the House*
The report was concurred in.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
all prior orders, and to take up Senate bill No. 523,
to enable the people of Colorado to form a con-
stitutioivand State government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is hardly worth while
to pass that bill without understanding something
about it. I do not notice that the chairman of the
Committee on Territories is in, and there is no
statement at all before the Senate in regard to the
population or anything about it. Are we to maffc
a State without any information before the Senate
in regard to it? It is a very singular proceeding.
We do strange things here, but this certainly ought
to attract some attention. 1 do not know what
population they have; I do not know anything
about its necessity. There is no statement what-
ever made with reference to it. I hope the bill
will be laid aside until the chairman comes in.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope it will not be
laid aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have another bill that
we must take up at one o'clock.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose we can dis-
pose of this bill. I was authorized by the com-
mittee to report it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot pass a bill
in two minutes, making a new State, without any
sort of information being communicated to the
Senate in relation to the matter.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 hope I am prepared
