1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
to give all the information the Senator from Maine
desires.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I only say none has been
given yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering: the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot vote for the bill
unless I hear some gentleman explain ihe occa-
sion for it, the necessity for it, who calls for it,
"what population there is, &c. There should be
some explanation of some kind.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The settlements in
Colorado have been made since the last census,
so that she is in the same situation as California
was when she was admitted. There has been no
enumeration made of her inhabitants. The last
election shows a vote of some twelve or twenty
thousand, and after full examination by the com-
mittee the bill was ordered to be reported with a
recommendation that it pass. The people of Col-
orado believe that they are able to support a State
government, and are desirous to have one. From
the best information that the committee have, and
the best information I ha\e,I should estimate the
population of Colorado to-day at from ihit ty-flve
to fifty thousand.
Ma. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Kansas allow me to ask whether there has been
any petition fromthepeopleofColorado Territory
asking for the privilege to form a State constitu-
tion, preparatory to admission into the Union?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They have taken the
initiatory steps for the formation of a State gov-
ern ment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is that before the Senate
by any petition ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not to my knowl-
edge.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move the
postponement of this bill, and all other questions,
to take up the bill (S. No. 511) for em oiling and
calling out the national forces.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope that will not
be done. I am willing the Senate should vote on
this bill.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I am not willing that the
Senate shall vote upon it till we have some inform-
ation respecting it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to consider
the amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 511) for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes.
The first amendment was on page 5 of the bill,
section seven, line six, after the word "post,"
strike out all to and including the word " ene-
my," in line eight, and to insert:
To detect, seize, and confine spies of the enemy, who
shall, without unreasonable delay, be deliveied to the cus-
tody of tiie general commanding the department in which
they may be arrested, to be tried as soon as the exigencies
of the service permit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is upon concurring m this amendment. The
amendments will be acted upon in order sepa-
rately.
Mr. BAYARD. Is the vote to be taken on
these amendments separately?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote will
be taken on each amendment separately.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire, before the vote is
taken, to submit a motion to the Senate for the
indefinite postponement of the bill with the amend-
ments; and I do this I ->cause when the bill was
before the Senate on a farmer day, not supposing
that the discussion of 'kl measure so novel in its
character, so grave an1," * omentous in its effects
upon the people of this country and upon the in-
stitutions of the country, would end and the bill
be passed in one day, 1 did not return to my seat
after the recess of the Senate. I had grave objec-
tions to the bill, and I had intended to move sev-
eral amendments to it. Those amendments cannot
now be moved; but injustice to my own convic-
tions and my view of the Constitution, I feel it to
be my duty now to state my objections to the
measure. As to the amendments of the House of
Representatives, I shall interpose no objection, as
most of them, all of them, indeed, but one, are
improvements upon the bill. To the last amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, when it
comes up, I shall move an amendment striking
out a single word, because if that be not done there
is danger of misapprehension and misconstruc-
tion. My present purpose, however, is to discuss
the merits of this bill briefly, and state my objec-
tions to the adoption of such a measure by the
Congress of the United States; and my motion is
to indefinitely postpone the bill with the amend-
ments.
Sir, it has been currently reported—and that is
a further inducement to make the remarks I have
to submit—that this bill passed the Senate unani-
mously. It was, perhaps, a natural error from
the fact that no division was called on the passage
of the bill; but I am unwilling, with my convic-
tions, that my vote should stand unrecorded against
such a measure.
My objections to this bill are that it is not within
the powers confided by the Constitution of the
United States to Congress, and also that if it were
it is utterly inexpedient, and not only inexpe-
dient, btit dangerous as regards the liberty of the
citizen and security of the States. Entertaining
these views of the measure my regret is that, per-
haps from the fact that I require more time to de-
cide on constitutional questions, or to investigate
them, than the more active intellects of others,
I may not, without further trmc for consideration,
be able to express and enforce the grounds of my
objection with the clearness I could desire.
We have been told, Mr. President, that the bill
has no relation to the militia. It is true, that, dif-
fering from the bill which was recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs, it does not pro-
pose that Congress shall act under that provision
of the Federal Constitution which authorizes the
organization, the aiming, and the disciplining of
the militia, or that for calling the militia of the
several States into active service and placing them
under the control of tlie,President of the United
States as Commander-in-Chief. The bill has no
such object. For the first time in the history of
this country, this bill proposes by conscription,
under the power to raise and support armies, to
force every able-bodied citizen of the United
States, capable of enduring the fatigues of war,
into the Army of the United States, the regular
standing Aimy of the United States, at the will
and discretion of the President. It is a bill to in-
crease the regular Army, call it by what name
you will. I know it is declared in this bill that
these conscriptsare to bedeemed in the situation of
volunteers; but they are still to be a part of the
regular Army, and, unlike volunteers, to be com-
manded by officers appointed by the President.
The bill proposes to enroll the entire fighting pop-
ulation of the United States, if I may so speak,
and you have just as much authority, constitution-
ally, to include all boys and men from fifteen to
sixty as those from twenty to foity-five. The
question of powerand rightful authority does not
depend upon the extent, of the conscription; for
if the power exists, the whole male population of
the Union may be forced into the regular Army.
It has, therefore, this 1 elation, and this relation
alone, to the militia ofthe United States—which I
call and believe to be, from the language of the
Constitution, the forces of the States, liable, I ad-
mit, to be called into the service of the Union—
that it obliterates the militia system, and leaves
the States powerless to resist any aggression of
the Federal Government.
Sir, our Government is one of specially dele-
gated powers, and those powers are necessarily
delegated in general terms, and the only power
under which this bill can be sustained is the power
" to raise and support armies." The declaration
that it has no relation to the militia is true in so
far that it is not intended for calling forth the mili-
tia, nor is its object to provide for arming, organ-
izing, or disciplining them; but it has, in fact, the
relation I have stated to the militia, itobliterates
them and destroys that check which the Consti-
tution meant to place upon centralized power in
the Executive of the Union. It utterly abandons
and subverts the militia system of the United
States as an active power for any purpose of the
Government, and substitutes in place of that sys-
tem standing armies in which the whole male pop-
ulation of the United States ca;i be enrolled in-in*
vitum in the service ofthe United States as soldiers
at the mere will of the Executive. Such is the
bill, and the question is whether it is within the
constitutional powers of Congress.
Mr. President, from the origin of this Govern-
ment there have been constant contests, and ne-
cessarily must have been, in relation to implied
powers in the construction of the Constitution.
That there are accessory powers needful to carry
into effect granted powers, which must be implied
under the Constitution, I cannot doubt for a mo-
ment; nor do I think it can be rationally ques-
tioned that they exist; but the struggle has been
as to the extent of the implication, whether new
and extraoidinary powers cfta be implied which
do not result from the form of Government or are
not necessary for carrying into effect those which
have been expressly delegated. But, sir, if the
rule be sound, that by implication you can give
full effect to those powers which have been granted
in general or indefinite terms, is it not equally
true ihat there are implied limitations or restric-
tions upon the general words of a power under
which Congress or the Executive is authorized to
act? Is not that the true principle of rational con-
struction ?
As to the constitutional question involved in
this bill, I have given to it the best consideration
which the short time I have had for examination
permitted, and in support of what I believe t© be
a coirect construction, I have at least this author-
ity, that from the foundation of the Government
to this day no attempt has ever been made in this
country to pass a bill of this character by any Con-
gress of the United States; no such bill has been
introduced; no such doctrine as is involved in this
bill has been contended for—that under the power
to raise armies you can raise them in any other
mode than by enlistment or recruiting or by the
acceptance of volunteers. Heretofore it has been
always held that the leserved force of the nation
is the militia of the several States, which can be
called into its service by the President of the Uni-
ted States under the provisions that Congress may
adopt for that purpose; but when you call that
militia into service, you call them in, not as-in-
dividuals, but as organized bodies of men, to be
commanded, under the express provision of the
Constitution, by officers appointed by the States,
and to be disciplined under thediscipliue that Con-
gress prescribes, by the State authorities alone.
The difference is very wide between a force of
that kind in a Confederacy consisting of one Gen-
eral and many State governments,and theassump-
tion of the right to control the entire able-bodied
men ofthe country and force them into the regu-
lar standing Army of the United States.
Sii, the power granted is to raise and support
armies; and I admit jf you choose to disregard
the character and genius of the Government, and
the objects for which it was framed, to disregard
other provisions of the same Constitution, and
the whole scope and object and intent of that
Constitution, you may decide that the words con-
vey power to raise an army in any mode Congress
may preset ibe. I cannot adopt such a construc-
tion. I read the words with the meaning in which
they must be understood, having relation to the
form of Government and the other provisions of
the Constitution, in order to give a rational con-
struction to the power intended to be conveyed.
Let us look back to the history of the country
from which our institutions have been mainly de-
rived; for it is only by such reference we can give
a correct interpretation to the general language
used in the Constitution. The leading .principle
of the common law is the subdivision and decen-
tralization of power. The principle of the civil
law and that of all despotic Governments is that
of ccntiahzation. Our institutions, all the great
guarantees for freedom, and most of thelimitations
upon power, have been adopted from the principles
of the common law, and we have embodied them
in our written Constitution; but have made them
imperative (differing from the English Govern-
ment in that) not only on executive power, but
also on legislative power. In other words, the ef-
fect of the Constitution was intended to be this:
that while adopting the great principles of freedom,
of liberty,of the decentralization of power, which
are to be found not only in what is called the Eng-
lish constitution, unwritten as it is, but also m
the history of England since it has been a consti-
