] 863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
gen«*y. We had the resolution from the House
of Representatives to which the Senator from
Massachusetts h«s referred. The Committee on
Military Affairs attended to it, and proposed to
amend it by making it a bill raising revenue to
the amount of $50,000,000. That went to the
Committee on Finance very properly, and was
immediately sent to the Secretary of the Treasury.
He sent ba< k to the Finance Committee a letter
admitting the necessity, and advising us that a bill
which he transmitted would put him in funds at
once, if it was passed by Congress, in order to pay
the troops, although there might be some little
constitutional question about our power to ori-
ginate such a. bill in this body, as 1 stated at the
time the Committee on Finance reported the bill
which was sent to thorn by the Secretary. It was
passed by the Senate promptly, and went to the
other House. That House took the view that w<f
had no right to originate a bill of that description—
and my own judgment, as an original question, is
that they are correct in that view—and they imme-
diately sent to us a bill providing for $100,000,000
of notes to pay the soldiers, and we passed it at
once.
No legislative body in the world ever moved
quicker, more rapidly, and more effectually with-
in its power, in order to meet such a contingency.
And I will say here that, although I regretted the
necessity of increasing the amount of Treasury
notes by $10U,000;000, or passing a bill that
looked to that—whether it will be necessary or
not to issue them all, I do not know—it was done
by Congress under the excessive urgency of the ij
case, and because they were resolved to sacrifice j|
everything they could sacrifice, in order to meet j!
the just demands of the soldnrs. There is cer- ;j
tainly, therefore, no ground whatevorofcomplamt j
a^amst Congress. They met the contingt ncy as |j
■ soon as they could, and in advance of any official li
information in relation to the difficulty from any |j
quarter. j!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, if!]
this financial question is settled, I hope we may ij
be permitted to go on with the bill, i call for a di- !i
vision of the question upon the amendment offered i (
by the Senator fiomOhio. The first part of that [j
amendment I have no objection to; ;o the latter j'
part 1 am opposed. |i
Mr. SHERMAN. We may as well have the i|
yeas and nays. I call for the yeas and nays. :j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not on the first part of |j
the amendment. \i
Mr. SHERMAN. No; on the second clause. !j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the first clause j!
reported and adopted. :!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first part of "
the amendment is to strike.out the word <k lather-
to," in the sixth line of the eleventh section; and
in the seventh line of that section, after the word
"accruid," to insert, "six years before the pas-
sage of this act."
Mr. E1ALE. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL, if the Senator from New jj
Hampshire would allow it, 1 would like to get the j|
amendments of the committee disposed of. They i|
have been partly read through, and this discussion m
has arisen, and the Senate will forget the amend- ij
ments we h.tve made. !:
Mr. HALE. 1 have been so longtrying to get'j
the floor that I am afraid I shall never get another j;
chance. I want to say in the first place that I do j
not take to myself any part of the eloquent lecture j'
which the Senator from Massachusetts has been j
administering to me. 1 said nothing about Con- |
grcss, and did not know the condition of these !
things, and had not the slightest ref« rence to it. !
1 mentioned a fact which I thought had somesig-l.
nificance; which was that while Congress was here i!
debating about the Court of Claims, the soldiers I'
were knocking at our door for pay. I mentioned u
also the fact that,hearing that Congiess had acted, |!
a soldier endeavored to avail himself of it and ap-
plied to one of these red-tape shouldei-strap pay-
masters, who told him to come next week. That
fact I stated, and all the eloquence of the Senator
cannot read it out of existence. I pass no cen-
sure on anybody.
Now, I want to say a word to my friend from
Illinois*, who is very impatient, 1 know, under '
anybody's speeches except his own.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 always listen to you
with pleasure.
Mr. HALE. After it had been stated that the
other nations of the world did not give this au-
thority, I confess I was a little astonished to hear
the Senator say, so decidedly and so promptly,
and as if he had the book right before him, that
England, Austria, Prussia, and I do not know
how many other nations,gavejhis authority. I
asked him where he got his information, and he
referred me to a document which I hold in my
hand. In the very brief time that has elapsed
since that remark was made by him, I have not
been able to examine it very thoroughly, but the
examination that I have been able to give satisfies
rnethatthe Senator is mistaken. In England the
case is preeminently not as he supposes. There the
only remedy for a claimant against the Govern-
ment is by petition, and the petition must have
nothing mandatory in its character. It is merely
the mode in which the king informs himself of the
claims upon him. I find, according to this docu-
ment, that in the Netherlands the king himself
and the membersofthe royal family may be sued
before the supreme court, but in any case in which
a suit is presented against the administration the
executive has power to interfere. In Prussia,
claims against the Government may be examined
and decided by common courts of justice in the
way of a common lawsuit. This rule, however,
undergoes exceptions, which have been intro-
duced by law, partly in reference to the partic-
ular origin and nature of the claim, paitly from
eonsideiations of expediency which exempt such
claims from the common course of justice. The
same is true m France,
This statement of the law in those countries is
made by members of the diplomatic corps, who,
I suppose, may not be exactly informed in regard
to the precise nature of legal remedies. 1 mention
it simply to show that the Senator is altogether
mistaken in the broad statement which he has
made. As the Senate have been occupied a good
while with this bill, and as I have no hope of con-
vincing anybody, I shall not detain them longer.
I simply rose to set myself right in regard to the
leproof of the Senator fiom Massachusetts, and
to correct the statement of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a single remark to
make in addition to what 1 have previously said;
and I make that for the purpose of sweepingaway
the declaration that Congress has not had time to
act on the enormous hst of cases that have been
presented. I find by an examination of the Cal-
endar that there are thirty-one cases put down as
private claims in all remaining on the Calendar
unacted on. Of these, eleven have been reported
adversely, or, at the request of the committees, the
committees have been discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, leaving but twenty
in all unacted on.
Now, of those original thirty-one that stand on
the Calendar, but six come from the Committee
on Claims—barely six-rand three of those are re-
ported adversely, or the committee ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideiation of the sub-
ject, which leaves only three cases now on the
Calendar from the Committee on Claims of this
b« dy: and notwithstanding this, the Senate has
now spent three davs in the examination of this
bill under the statement or the supposition that
there was an enormous list of cases here on the
docket of the Senate that the Senate had no time
to act on, when there are barely six on the Cal-
endar from the Committee on Claims, and three
of those, in their opinion, ought not to be decided
favorably, leaving barely three cases which they
have reported that the Senate has not acted on up
to the present hour; and this includes not only the
Senate cases, but those which have been sent from
the House of Representatives to the Senate during
this entire Congress; for it is not true, as might
be inferred from a remark of the chairman of the
committee, that all the cases fell at the close of the
last session of Congress. The business of the last
session of Congress is perpetuated, and is now
before Congress, and will not fail until the close
of the present session, so that the records of the
body itself put to rest at once this declaration that
these claimants are suffering on account of the
inaction of this body.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from lowaalways
means to be fair,pnd i am satisfied he does now;
but I have probably been very unfortunate in mak-
ing myself understood, if he understood me as he
now says. I did not say that this Congress had
not time t« act on any claim. Did the Senator
understand me to say so?
- Mr. HARLAN. I understood that to b*? Ihff
burden of the argument of the Senator himself
and the other Senators in advocacy of this bill,
that all this business ought to be diverted to an-
other tribunal, because we had not time to exam-*
ine these cases.
Mr, CLARK. I distinctly stated that Co Tigress
had not spent an hour this session in acting on
private claims, that very few had be&n reported,
and I believe every one that has been reported.by
the Committee on Claims has been passed upon
but one, and that is the case to which i referred
before; and almostevery case winch was reported
at the last session was acted on. But I distinctly
say that at sessions before, and I refer to the ex-
perience of Senators, the Private Calendar had
been oppressed with claims which had been acted
on. The reason why the Calendar is in its present
condition is that we have sought out those which
required the most urgent action, which were the
simplest in their character, and brought them up
here, and I believe, in every case save one, where
wc have asked the Senate to pass any this term*
they have been passed upon my suggestion, with-
out beinglaid upon the table of Senators ten min-
utes. When they were brought in, every one waft
passed at once this session.
Mr. WADE. How many?
Mr. CLARK. 1 should think, adverse and
favorable, a dozen; mostly adverse; and all th^
claims favoiably reported on and passed do not
amount to $3,000. I do not mean to say this Con-
gress has been dilatory. ! did not say it; but,
Mr. President, you, a# well as others of us, know
how the Calendar has been cumbered.
Mr. HARLAN. I will simply remark that that
only showsthegood sense of thecountryin chang-
ing the character of this body. The time has been,
I have no doubt, when the attention of Congress
was incumbered with spurious claims. I well re*
member, sir, as you do, that we haw been hitherto
in the habit of setting apart one day each week
for the examination of private claims. But now,
when the good sense of the country has changed m
the political character of the body* these claimants
know that they cannot pass such claims through.
All just, equitable claims can receive the attention
of this body. The records of the Senate itself
show it. The speech of the Senator who has just
taken his scat shows it. Hence there is no neces-
sity for robbing ourselves of jurisdiction ove*
these cases.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Claimsa question. I remem-
ber that in the last Congress there was a class of
cases upon our Private Calendar which arose out
ofquestionsofdutiesor drawbacks in our Atlantie
sea-ports, and I was told by the gentlemen con-
nected with that committee and with the Commit-
tee on Finance, that the aggregate amount of those
claims was something like five million dollars.
The Court of Claims decided in favor of the valid-
ity of those claims, but the Committee on Claims
and the Committee on Finance decided ugainf t the
validity of them, and thought that the Court of
Claim* erred m allowing them. 1 wish to know
of the chairman of the Committee on Claims, first,
whether those claims have been brought before
the attention of the committee at this Congress;
and, second, if they have not, whether there in
any thing in this bill that will prevent the judgment
being rendered against the United States upon
them; and if there be no such provision, whether
there is anything that will incapacitate the claim-
ants under these provisions from commencing
their suits de novo before the new Court of Claims
that is now to be organized.  
Mr. CLARK. That is the class of cases tu
which 1 referred, a short time ago, in the Senate,
when the Senator was not in his seat. They are
a class of eases arising in the cities for dutie® **non
imports ofliqnors mainly. The duties were paid,
but not paid under protest. After they had beon
paid, the claimants came to Congress, not to Un*
court, to have the excessofdutiesrefunded. They
were sent to the Court of Claims, and the Court
of Claims made a report favorable to the allow-
ance of the claims without regard to the want of
a protest. They then went to the Committee on
Claims. They were consideied there* I do not
remember that the action was adverse; ! do not
remember that it was favoraoie. i am certain that
