1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
tutional Government, we not only meant to em-
body them, but we limited and restricted the om-
nipotence of any branch of this Government or
all its branches combined. Sir, ultimate power
must rest somewhere in every form of government.
That power in such a Government as Russia or
France rests in the reigning sovereign. These are
certainly not free Governments, but despotisms;
centralized despotisms, and you can give ihemno
other name. In England, that power rests in Par-
liament. The theory is that Parliament is omnip-
otent, and although Parliament is, from a certain
amount of infusion of democratic principle in the
election of representatives, controlled and checked
to some extent in any abuse of its powers, still its
power is omnipotent, and it may change or alter
or subvert the existing Government of Great Brit-
ain. It may, if it sees fit, and the act would be
legal, change the monarchy into a republic. It
may abolish the House of Peers. It may abolish
the connection between Church and State. This
may be done by the combined action of the King,
Loids, and Commons. Ultimate power in Eng-
land rests in the Parliament; but in these United
States, where does it rest from their original form-
ation? In the people of the several States, un-
granted to any portion of the Government what-
ever, either State or national. That makes a broad
distinction; and having embodied in the Consti-
tution certain guarantees for freedom, and certain
restrictions upon power derived from "themother
of freedom," the common law, and also negatived
anything like omnipotent power in any branch of
our Government, we stand in a better condition,
and, in my judgment, a freer nation, than any na-
tion in the world, while we adhere to those great
principles.
Sir, the power now claimed is to raise an army
by conscription. Whence does it spring? Is con-
scription the doctrine of the common law? Has
such power ever been attempted to be cxerciscd
by the Parliament of Great BntLtn, with all us
omnipotence? No. The honorable Senator fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] in the course of his re-
marks, on one occasion, said that all Govern-
ments had adopted consct ipuon. Sir, all despotic
Governments may have adopted conscription. It
has'bocome the rule of despotic Governments, m
which large standing armies are essential to their
existence, but it is neither necessary nor consist-
ent with a Government founded on "the consent
of the governed," with a republican Government.
Under the feudal system, either in England or in
France or throughout Em ope, the ictainers of
the gieat nobles, thcit vassals, wcie compelled to
do service to them, and when that service was
needed by the State the service due by those
great lords to their sovereign bound them to bring
their soldiers into the field; but the Crown itself,
or the Government, had no right of conscription;
had not the right to force men, irrespective of the
will of the intermediate power of the feudatories
into the service of the State at large. Large stand-
ing armies, and then* necessary consequent, con-
scriptions,are of modern growth. 4n Kngland,in
; ncr part of her history, has consciiptum ever been
resorted to for the purpose of filling her army.
• During our own revolutionary war she needed
soldiers, and how did she get them? She bought
them from the petty potentates of Germany. Dur-
ing her war in the Peninsula, when England
needed soldiers much, no conscription was ever
attempted. At the battle of Waterloo, when the
fate of Europe was staked upon the issue of the
battle,no conscription was attempted m England,
fn iier Crimean campaign, when it was difficult
to keep upliei armies, the idea of conscription was
never even suggested m her omnipotent Parha- j
ment. In her Indian revolt, where the emergency ;
was great, and a large army required without do- j
lay to stay devastation, them whs no consciip-
tion, but volunteering upon our system was" re-
sotted to, as well as recruiting.
What, then, is the construction which should
be given to the power 44 to raise and support ar-
mies" m a free confederate Government as dis-
tinguished from a centralized despotism? The dis-
tinction between a fiee eonfedeiated Government
and a despotic Government might not inaptly he
stated in these terms: adespotic GovernmenUends ■
to and rpqunes centralized power as a necessity; ;
a fiee Government must always be founded on the
decentralization and subdivision of power. Then, 1
sir, my conclusion is, that having due regard to I
the character of our institutions and our form of
government—apart from the provisions to which
I shall presently refer—looking to the character
and nature of the authority meant to be confided
by the Constitution to the General Government;
m view of the known fact of the jealousy of the
people of this country of confiding the power of
the sword unlimitedly in the hands of the Federal
Government, the fair construction isthatthe power
" to raise and support armies" is to raise and sup-
port them in the modes only which were known
and practiced in the country from which we have
derived our institutions. That is by voluntary
enlistment, recruiting, or volunteering, but not by
conscription.
Sir, we have had wars ourselves. In the war
StlSKW were miserably deficient in soldiers;
our capital was invaded, our public buildings were
burned by a small British army; we weie unable
to keep our regular Aimy up to anything like a
proper standard; but did Congress ever think or
dream of a conscription for the purpose of in-
creasing the regular Army ? Did they suppose it
was in their power to force men into the service
of the nation, not as militia, not under the con-
trolling influence and check which arises from the
provision of the Constitution in reforenqp to the
organization of the militia, but into the regular
Army, to be under the entire control of the mili-
tary power,at the will of the President ? Did they
ever embaik in such a mode of legislation for the
purpose of carrying on that war ? Yet it was an
onerous and hazardous war for us; it was a war
in which we suffered much, and a war in which
we certainly often failed simply from the want
of men in our Army.
From our previous practice, therefore, I should
hold, Mr. President, (apart from any other pro-
visions of the Federal Constitution,) that the
power to raise astandingorvogulararmy by con-
scription does not come within the rational con-
struction of the language of the Constitution, ''to
raise and support armies,'' but that the language
must be confined to raising armies by voluntary en-
listment, and that the intention was not to adopt
the principle and power ofnction of despotic Gov-
ernments, which tend to the utter subveision of
free Governments; that is, the confiding to a single
man the power to raise a standing army and to
continue a standing army by conscription and
without the voluntary action of the people. "The
consent of the governed" is the basis of the Gov-
ernment, and any construction tlnugives this right
of conscription is at war with the leading principle
announced by your Declaration of Independence,
" that all Governments can only justly be based
upon the consent of the governed."
Mr. President, the aigument does not rest here,
however. It is very evident, from other provis-
ions of the Constitution, that though its framers
provided, as was proper and light^that the Gov-
ernment of the United States should have a stand-
ing army, to be recruited and enlarged according
to the will of Congress in the modes known to
the common law, known to free counties as op-
posed to despotic Governments, the great defense
of this Union, the great reserve force of the nation
was considered to be in the militia of the States.
State forots, but State forces which the Union
would cSll into its service in case of insurrection
or invasion, and subject, when m service, to the
command of the President of the United States.
Now, sir, let us look at the provisions, and see
how they accord with my construction of the
Constitution. The power given, and under which
alone this bill can be sustained, is the power "to
raise and support armies;" but in the same enu-
meration of the powers of Congress in a Govern-
ment ofespecialiy delegated powers, it is provided
that Congress shall have the power ''to provide
and maintain a navy; to make inles for the gov-
ernment and regulation of the land and naval
forces"—you must take them all together—" to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union,* suppress insurrections, and
iepel invasions; to provide for organizing, arm-
ing, and disciplining the militia, and for governing j
such part of them as may be employed sn theser- ;
vice of the United States, reserving to the States j
respectively the appointment of the officer^, and i
the authority of training the militia according to \
the discipline proscribed by Congress." j
Such are the provisions in the first article. In [
the second article, second section of the Oonstitu- 1
tion, it is provided that "the President shall be
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States, and of the militia of the several
States when called into the actual service of the Uni-
ted States.9 *
Taking all these clauses together, what is the
unavoidable conclusion ? If the power of Con-
gress exists to call the entire able-bodied popula-
tion of the United States into the. standing regu-
lar Army of the United States by conscription,
what is there left, and where was the necessity
for these provisions as to the organization of the
militia? Where was the necessity of the restric-
tion upon the power of Congress over the militia
which authorizes the States to appoint the officers
of the militia? Where the necessity for the re-
striction that the States should actually discipline
the militia, though Congress might provide the
mode of discipline? Where the necessity of re-
stricting the President of the United States in hie
power as Commander-in-Chief to control the mi-
litia, unless in actual service ? " The militia of the
several States," is the language. This language
shows you, and the fact is unquestionable, that
the militia of this country is not the militia of the
United States as an aggregate whole; the militia
is composed of the forces of the respective States,
and in each State the State has a right to officer
its own militia; in each State the State has a*right
to the actual discipline of its own militia, and you
cannot call forth that militia except as organized
bodies of men. You may call them forth, I ad-
mit, under the provision, and the President may
command their services, and they are bound to
obey his lawful orders; but was there no object
in those restrictions? Was not the object, and
can any other be assigned, to check that tendency
to abuse which is inherent in centralized power,
and to avert the inevitable danger arising fiom
the entire military foice of the United States be-
ing vested in a central Government of which, the
President was the head, and to command which
he might select his own officers and agents?
When our fathers formed the Federal Consti-
tution as a Government of limited powers, they
formed a Republic. They formed it on the prin-
cipleof the consent of the governed. They formed
it with limitations of power, leaving ultimate
power in the people and in the States. No one
can doubt that. The language of the Constitution
is express upon the subject. The whole Govern-
ment is a system of checks and balances. I ask
what check, what balance remains, if Congress
can, under the authority to raise an army, oblit-
erate the militia of the States? because you do ob-
literate them if you take all the able-bodied men
by conscription and force them into the regular
Army. The provisions of this bill evidently con-
template that, and nothing short of that.
The first section declares " that all able-bodied
male citizens of the United States," including even
"persons of foreign birth who shall have declared
on oath their intention to become citizens," be-
tween the ages of twenty and forty-five, "are here-
by declared to constitute the national forces, and
shall be liable to perform military duty;'* and then
it goes on to provide for their enrollment; and in
section thirty-three it provides—
That the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized and empowered, during the present rebellion, u 
call forth the national ioiceo by draft, in the manner pio-
vided (brxu this act.
The next section provides:
Sec 34. he it further enacte/h That all persons diafted
nnd^r the provisions ot this act shall be a->siqn<,d by the
Purulent to military dnH in ,sueh cotpe? K-giment*, or
other Iv.anches of the service <n the exigencies of the ser-
vice may icquire.
It is very evident, therefore, that the intent and
scope of this bill is to give to the President of the
United States the right to force into the regular
Army—because no man is a volunteer if he does
not voluntarily enlist—and to make subject to the
rules and articles of war every able-bodied man
fiom twenty to forty-fivr It is intended by con-
scription to foice into regular Army, at the
will of the central auth*J:?4y, the executive head
of the Government, all the fighting citizens of the
United States, all the able-bodied men between
twenty and foity-five. if the power exists to do
that, th** power exists to include all between fif-
teen and sixty. There can be no limitation in
thatiespect. If the power exists at all by con-
scription to fill your regular Aimy, it exists to
any extent you please in yourdiscrutjon to carry
