1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
and the number of the officers of the Government,
when, so far as it appears, three can do the busi-
ness as '-factually as five.
Mr. HALE. There is another thing; to be con-
sider^! in this first section. 1 was not in favor of
the appointment of Judge Loring. He is chief
justice. I voted againsthim; I spoke against him;
but i want him to have fair play. I ant for fair
play to every one, black and white; and f think
this legislating Judge Loring out of that place by
indirection, in this way, is an unfair and an un-
just proceeding toward him. Judge Loring is a
gentleman, and holds his position upon that bench
for distinguished services rendered to the Demo-
cratic party at a critical time in Massachusetts.
[Laughter.] He was put upon the bench, and
made chief justice, and I have not heard that he is
not discharging his duty well and faithfully; and
he is one of that class for whose benefit the court
was mainly created. I appeal to the friends of
Judge Loring to stand by him on this bill, and
not have this side-blow aimed at him. I think
that it is unjust and ungenerous.
Mr. FES'SENDEN. And unchristian!
Mr. HALE. And unchristian. It is stabbing
a man in the house of his friends. 1 hope it will
not be done.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamor, Davis, Doo-
little, Fessenden,Foot, Foster.Grimes, Hale, llardinc, Har-
lan, King, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman, Wilkinson, Wilmot,
Wilson of Massachusetts, Wilson of Missouri, and Wright
—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, drowning, Cowan,
Dixon, Harris, Henderson, Hick*, Howard, Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Powell, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, and Wade—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. That renders a slight amend-
ment necessary in the second section, by striking
out the word u aforesaid" in the seventli line at
the close of the section, and inserting the words,
" of claims.99 It now reads: " to the court afore-
said;" it should read " to the Court of Claims.99
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. An amendment is also
necessary m the eighth section, to conform to the
amendment just made. That section now pro-
vides that" the concurrence of three of said judges
shall be necessary to the rendition of final judg-
ment. " I move to strike ou' thogg words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
rend the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage oftlie bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Clark, Col-
lnmer, Cownn, D.m , Dixon, Foot, Foster, Harris, Hender-
son, Hick--, Howard, Lane of fndiana, MeDougall, Pom-
eroy, Powell, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson of Missouri—23.
NAYS— Messrs Chandler, Doolittle, Fessenden, Grifnes,
Hale, Harding, Harlan, King, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Itice, Sherman, Wilkinson, YViImot, Wilson of Massachu-
setts, and Wright—16.
So the bill was passed.
TRANSPORTS FOR BANKS'g EXPEDITION.
Mr. HALEsubmitted the following resolution:
Resolred, That Cornelius Vanderbilt, ofNcw Yor k. Com-
modore Van Brunt, ot tli<' Navy, and Charles li. Ilaswel!,
an engineer by profession, in the supervision sttul oui£l of
the transport fleet t'or General Banks's expedition, were
guilty ol'negn«enco in dt&chaige oftiu'duties assigned them,
and that the comujissiuiis extorted by Mr. 'J' J. Soutlmu!
were in express violation of the agieement made and stipu-
lated by him. and ought at once to be refunded to the Gov-
ernment-
The lesolution lies over under the rule.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT..
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
take up the hill (S. No. 470) to provide for the
greater comfort of soldiers, and to reorganize the
medical department of the Army. I want to have
it taken tip and left as the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts. Now I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 21,1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
INTERNAL REVENUE BUREAU.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, concerning the organ-
ization of his office, and the present condition of
its business; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON LECTURE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution;
and I also ask the Clerk to read the petition which
I send up to him:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be given to the Wash-
ington Leeture Association for six evenings, commencing
on Friday, January 30, instant, and continuing one each
week thereafter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, January, 1863.
To the honorable the House of Representatives
of the United States:
May it n,ease your Honorable Body: The under-
signed, officers of tho Washington Lecture Association,
respectfully represent that, inannueh as they have thn^ far
been unablo to secure a suitable place in which to deliver
their annual course of lectures, an ob-tacle therefore in-
terpose*. to pievent a continuance of the society's labors;
and, under these circumstances, the undersigned pray your
honmable body that the flail of the House be granted the
association fur a series of six lecturer, commencing with
Friday evening, January 30, 1863, and continuing one each
week until their termination.
! The proceeds of such lectures, afterdeductinsthe neces-
i sary expenses, to be appropriated to aid the sick and
1 wounded soldiers of our Anny.
This petition is very le^poetfully submitted to the hon-
orable House.
JOHN FIERPONT,
President of Association.
W A. OROFFUT, Vice President.
Z. RICHARDS, Ticasmer.
JOHN R. FRENCH, Setrctaiy.
II U DEVEREITX,
Member of Executive Committee.
Mr. WICKLIFEE. I object to the resolution
of the gentleman from New York. Jf there be no
objection I will give the reason why 1 object to it.
I understand that the lecturers of this association
are devoted to the cause of abolition. I judge so
from the officers who are named. If they want
to lecture, there are places large enough and plenty
enough in this city for their use. I have seen the
productions of some of these lecturers. I do not
know whether these are the samp parties, hut I
know that this Hall has been abused by those to
whom it has been loaned during this and the last
session. There is the Smithsonian Institution, for
the education and benefit of mankind generally,
and they may go there if they want to.
Mr. OLm. Let me say a word.
Objection was made.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER.. The next business is the
consideration of the point of order raised yester-
day by thcgentleman fromTennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] in the Iowa contested-election case. The
first question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. BYINGTON, (contestant.) I wish to
state the facts of the case.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
The gentleman from Tennessee raised the ques-
I tion of order that the resolution of the Commit-
| tee of Elections, declaring that Mr. Vandever was
j not entitled to a seat upon this floor, is a resolu-
] tion of expulsion, and requires a two-thirds vote
; for us adoption. The Chair overruled the point
1 of order, and from that decision the gentleman
! takes an appeal.
! Mr. COX. I move that the appeal be laid upon
j the table.
I Mr. STEVENS. Would it be in order to move
' to postpone the consideration of the appeal ?
; Mr. OLIN. We had better dispose of the mat-
1 ter now.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks such a
■ motion would be m order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the sub-
ject until the 3d of March next.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend by inserting;
the "5th of March" in lieu of the " 3d of March."
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment; and
upon that motion i call the previous question.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. Will it be in oitteto*
move to lay the motion to postpone on the tabie?
Mr. COX. Is any motion in order until after  
my motion to lay on the table is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know,
why an appeal from the decision of the Chair may
not be postponed like any other business.
Mr. DAWES. The question is whether the
motioq to lay upon the table the pending question
can be postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that a mo-
tion to postpone amotion to lay upon the table
would not be in order. The Chair, in his previ-
ous decision, was thinking that the motion was to
postpone the consideration of the appeal from the
Chair. The question must be first taken upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to lay
upon the table the appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. COX. • Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
emia, Arnold, Baker, Middle. William G. Brown, Binuham,
Clark, Clements, Colfax, Ftederick A Conklmg, Uo-coe
Conklmir, Conwav, Coining, Cox, Dawes, Duel!, Dimlap,
Dunn, Edge rum, Eliot, Feuton,Goodwin, Granger, Grider,
Haight, Halo, Hardin!.', Hickman, Ilolman, florum, Hutch-
ins, Johnson, Julian, Knapp, Law, Laze;u\ Lehman,
Loome<, MeKnight,RlcFh'er-on, Mallorv, Monties,Mitch-
ell, Alooihead, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble,
Noiton, Nugen, Udell, Ohn, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson,
Edward U. Rollins, Sedywick, Sheffield, Shellahurger,
Shiel, Smith, John U. Steele, Stevens, Stilus, Stiatton,
Francis Thomas.Train, Vallandigham, Van Horn, Venee,
Voorhee*,, Wad>w«rth, Wa^-hburne, Wheeler, Whnley,
Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Woodruff, Worce&ter, and
Yeaniiin— 8*2.
NAYS—Messrs Aldrich, A«hlev, Bailv, Baxter, Bea-
man, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Bi.ike, Bufliuioo, Cham-
berlain, Cutler, Davis. Samuel C. Fe^enden, Thoimw A.
D. Fessenden, Frank,Gniley,Francis VV. Kelloiisr, William
Kellogg, Lovejoy, Low, Mavnard, Noel!, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Shanks, Sloan, Spauhiinc, Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Trowbridse, Walker, VVaU, Wallace,
Albert S. White, Wilson, and VVindom—S3.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. COX. I move to reconsider the vote taken
yesterday on the resolution of the committee, and
to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I think I have the right to
make this motion.
The SPEAKER. The frentleman from Illinois
was reco^niz'd, and the Chair cannot tell which
gentleman is entitled to the floor, until he knows
for what purpose fh«-y rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I rose to move to re-
consider the vote by which the House yestei day
adopted the resolution reported from th«  commit-
tee, and upon that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order. I
would like to know upon which side of the ques-
tion the gentleman voted yesterday.
The SPEAKER. There was no record of the
vote. It has been the custom to allow any gen-
tleman to move to reconsider when no recoid was
made of the vote.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 58, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Biddle. Wil-
liam G. Brown, Buuiham, Calvert, Clements, FrulerieK
A. Couklmg, Bo.-eoc ConkJtrig, Conway. Cormnc, <'ox,
Cristield, Dawes, Dunlap, English, Granger, G rider, IJaiuht,
Hall, Ilaiding, Hotmail, lloiton, Johnson, Knapp, Liw,
j Lnzenr, Learv, Lehman, Looirns, MoKmshi, Malfoiy,
I M'-nzifts, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nugen. Udell,
■Ohn, Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Robn^on, Sc<zar, Slnel,
! John R. Steele, Stiles, Stratton, Piancis* Thomas. \ nllan
I diaham. Yooiher-,, Wad-worth. Whaky,Chilton A W hit*-
! Wiekhtfp, Woodruft, and Yeaman—58.
: NAYS—Mosrs. Aldrn It, A!lev> Arnold, Ashley, Babbm
. Batlv, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bim?liam, Jacob B Wait
Buffinton, Chamberlain, Claik, Gnhax, Cutlei, Davis
Due!!, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely. Fen ton, Samuel C
Fessenden, Thomas A. H. Fe^onden. Fi-her, Franehot.
Fiank, Goodwin, Guilev, Ilaie. Harripon, liiokman, Hutch
in«., Julian, Keliey. Francis W. Hello™, William Kellogg
Loveioy, Low, McKean. McPhers-on, Maytutrd, Mitchell
Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Momll Noel*
Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy. Potter, John H
