1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
effectiveness of an army, and military law and
military habits are at war with the great principle
of free discussion, and with that right to question
and censure the conduct and acts of those in power,
which is the foundation of every free Government.
There may be some, Mr. President, who pre-
fer a more arbitrary Government, believing it a
stronger and more durable form of government;
and they may suppose that this summary mode
of decision, and this implicit obedience which is
the necessary result of continued military service
and habits, may be safely applied to the people
of a great community. I differ from those who
entertain such opinions. I believe it is solely by
preservation of the right to oppose and censure,
and of the right of free discussion, that a repub-
lican Government can be maintained; and I be-
lieve that a republican Government and the pres-
ervation of liberty are more essential to the future
happiness and welfare of the people than any re-
sult which can be obtained by success in war.
Sir, I have heard it said in this Chamber, and
repeated constantly in the public press, that the
life of the nation is staked on success in putting
dojun this rebellion. Mr. President, I differ from
honorable Senators as to what constitutes the life
of the nation. In my judgment, the life of a free
people consists in the preservation of their liber-
ties, not in the extent of their dominion. If I must
make the choice between the destruction of our
form of government and the establishment of an
imperial despotism in this country, a single Gov-
ernmentover the whole country, including, if you
please, Canada and Mexico, or the severance of
this Union into two, three, or four different repub-
lican Governments, I should not hesitate to accept
the latter as preferable for the happiness of the
people and their future prosperity.
It has been well said in reference to this matter
of liberty " that the good of the people is the ulti-
mate and true end of all government; and the
greatest good of the people is their hbcity. It is
to the collcctivc body what health is to the indi-
vidual body." "The maxim, * salus rcipubliccc
suprema lex cstois a fundamental law, and it is
very certain that the safety of the commonwealth
is ill provided for if its liberty be given away."
I make this quotation from'detached passages
of Lord Bolingbroke's Idea of a Patriot King,
and have connected them together. lie prefened
a constitutional monarchy; I prefer a republic;
but the principles of limitation of power, and the
value of liberty to a people apply to one or the
other, but are more stiingently necessaiy in a ic-
public than they are in a monarchy.
Sir, I am perfectly aware many will think that
in advocating the views I have presented I havo
been influenced by my opposition to coercion—
as it is well known that fi om the beginning of this
unhappy contest such has been my opinion—and
also from the fact that I was at all times and am
now in favor of peace, restoring the Union if pos-
sible, but of peace even if we have to submit to
separation. 1 believed, though the right of war
existed, that the swoid could never maintain a
Government founded on the consent of the gov-
erned. I may be in error as to that. I do not
think so. I am also aware that those who differ
from me may suppose that I am biased in my
construction of the Constitution, because 1 am
opposed to the continuance of war. Not so, Mr.
President. If the people of this country are de-
termined to carry on the war, they will do so,
whether it is under this bill or under a bill organ-
izing the militia. "If the people of this country are
opposed to carrying on war, and you pass ibis
conscription law, you will produce the most dis-
astrous consequences to the country, probably
ending in many parts of it in revolution and
revolt in the States that are now loyal to the
Union.
My objections to this bill do not arise from my
opposition to the continuance of this war, though
I am opposed to its continuance more now than
ever.
Mr. President, let men reflect for a moment.
Under the policy now adopted in the prosecu-
tion of this war, with the confiscation acts of Con-
gress, and under the proclamation of the Presi-
dent which declares free the three or three and
a half million slaves who inhabit the revolted
States, how is it possible to believe or imagine
that the people of the South, where not only
their entire property is at stake in the contest,
but their whole social system must be-subverted
if they submit, will not fight to the last; and, there-
fore, how is it possible to suppose that, carried
on under these lawsand under this proclamation,
this war must not end in the extermination of the
white race of the South in order to be successful ?
If the war is to be carried on for the restoration
of the Union, it can only succeed on the suppo-
sition that there is a Union party at the South
who would willingly come back to the Govern-
ment. Can you bring them back by the sword,
under the confiscation'laws and proclamations
which strike at the very foundation of their social
organization; which obliterate, in fact, the whole
revolted States for all purposes of productive in-
dustry, and beggar the whole population, men,
women, or children ?
Sir, to me it is clear that, with the measures and
under the policy on which this war is now prose-
cuted, success is ruin to us, and involves the sub-
version of our institutions, though it may be more
ruinous to the South and effect its entire devas-
tation. If we do not retrace our steps, if war
must be carried on, and if the theory be sound,
(to which I do not assent,) that a Government
like ours,of separate communities,founded on the
consent of the governed, as yielded by the several
people of those communities, can be preserved by
the sword, if such be yourdetermination, at least
carry on your war in the spirit which is connected
with such a theory. I believe the theory unsound,
and the result sought for chimerical; but now, un-
der the present policy of the Government, I am
una"ble to comprehend how any rational man can
doubt that success can only end in the extermin-
ation of the white race of the South and the re-
peopling of that section of the country from other
sources, or in the establishment of vassal colonies
of negroes, who will sink into barbarism and have
to be governed by the forces of the Union; and
with such a result what would become of the lib-
erty of the United Status? What an army would
it require permanently for the purpose of keeping
these people in subjection if you conquer them!
You may enforce submission, but there will be
no obedience. Recurring, then, to the principle
stated in the extract I have read from Lord Bo-
lingbroke, " that the greatest good of a people
is the preservation of their liberty," i can never
agree to aid in or consent to the sacrifice of the
liberty of the people of the United States for the
sake of extended dominion.
Mr. President, it is a sheer fallacy to assert that
the life of the nation requires that we should con-
quer the revolted States and hold them in subjec-
tion. You had u Government, a free Government,
a constitutional Government, and a Union, when
you had but two fifths of the present territory of
this Union. I admit increase of territory makes
us more powerful; but did we not exist as a pros-
perous and a happy nation,as a nation increasing
in all the elements of prosperity and in the prog-
ress of civil liberty before, in 1803, we acquired
the vast terulory of Louisiana, which has since
been formed into many States? Did we notexist
as a Union, and a powerful Union, before we ac-
quired Florida m 1819? Did we not exist before
we settled our northwestern boundary difficulties
and acquired a perfect title to our possessions on
the Pacific coast? Did we notexist, before we ob-
tained Texas or California, as a Government, and
a free and powerful Government? How delusive,
then, is the idea that the life of this nation depends
upon the extent of its dominion? Sir, I would
restore every foot of territory to this Union, if
in my power; but I do not believe that war or
the sword can ever achieve Ruch a result, and I
am very certain that under the policy and meas-
ures of Congress, and the proclamation of the
President, if such a result could be achieved by
war otheiwise, its anticipation is but midsum-
mer madness.
Sir, suppose for yourselves, let the people of
the United States suppose, that they were invaded
| from any source whatever, and that the invading
! power declared to them, " if we succced, by your
submission, we shall confiscate your entire prop-
erty, we shall destroy your entire social organiza-
tion, but yet we call upon you to submit, and if
you do not submit extermination is your fate;"
would they not fight to the last? Could a stronger
inducement to resistance be presented, to resist-
ance to the last in all its desperation? And yet
such is the declaration, under the present pohcy
and measures of this Government, to the people
of the revolted States. Call them rebels,ff you
please; but that does not justify, the statesman
in impolitic measures; itdoesnot justify an inhu-
man feeling of vengeance on the part of the people;
it does not justify the prosecution of war for the
purpose of the extermination of a people because
they have revolted against your authority. You
are the descendants of men who revolted against
the Government of Great Britain, to which they
owed an undoubted allegiance, founded on other
grounds, though the grounds and causes that lead
to the revolt of a people in any case are not ma-
terial. In all cases of revolt there is but one great
question for the statesman to decide. A mere
combination or conspiracy of men to resist the
laws or disorganize the Government may &n<?
should be repressed by force and military power,
where necessary; but where you find that the
hearts of a people, geographically connected to*
gether, and capable of existing as a nation, are in
the contest, whether it arises from your meanuies
or their madness, if you attempt to deal with that
people by war and extermination, you are but pur-
suing the policy of Russia to Poland, and of Aus-
tria to Venetia. You are warring against the
foundation principle of our own Government.
Such, in my judgment, ought never to be tho
policy of the Government of the United States.
Such a course of action, in my judgment, can
never preserve the life of this nation, and will only
end in its utter destruction. In the progress of
events in continued war, the effect will be that
conflicting passions, sentiments, interests, and
opinions will arise in different portions of the
country, the people becoming demoralized and in-
differentto the abuse of power by the continuance
of war, which always demoralizes. JNew causes
ofdxvision willspringup, and before many years
have elapsed continued war will rend this great
Union into fragments, and a dozen warring, fac-
tiousGovernments will arise, fighting for suprem-
acy and dominion, and dependent upon military
organization for their existence and success. Such,
sir, is my view of the results of continued war.
But this opinion has no connection with my ob-
jections to this bill. 1 should oppose itif I believed
with those who think that the sword can restore
the Union. 1 should oppose this bill if I accorded
in sentiment with those who deem that the free-
dom of the negro is preferable to the preservation
of the Union. I should feel certain that this bill,
if carried out in practice, struck a fatal blow at
the structure of our Government, by centralizing
the whole military powersof theUnitedStates in
the hands of a single man; and I should consider
that the people of the United States, by surrender-
ing their liberty, paid too costly a price for the
freedom of the negio or the preservation of ex-
tended dominion.
Mr. President, I have now stated my objections
to the bill. I shall ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion for indefinite postponement, that my
vote may stand recorded against a measure I deem
so dangerous, and which, if an attempt be made
to enforce it, I believe will end in resistance and
revolution m many States of this Union. My
prayer will be that God, in his mercy, may save
us from such a consummation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, after list-
ening to the Senator from Delaware, I am by my
convictions compelled to say that I think that at
some time when he was in his younger days, a
quarrel commenced between his head and his
heart, and he allows his head to govern. He has
thought too much and felt too little. I am not
about to engage in the elaborate argument which
the Senator from Delaware has thought proper to
present. I am rather about to state some few
things that I think belong to the question pending,
and I think I can correct (or if 1 cannot correct, I
shall be corrected,) some of the notions which I
hold to be erroneous that have been expressed by
the Senator. I had thought that this whole con-
troversy was well settled, so far as the discussion
was concerned, in 1832, on Mr. Calhoun's reso*
lutions. I received that discussion as a conclusion.
I say that organizing or disorganizing government
(I use different terms from the Senator from Del-
aware) involves power. The power to govern is
involved in the very term "government." If
there was not power .to govern, there would be
no government. That is a simple idea, and it is
understood by ail wise persons who have been
