xm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Qtb^erg like it, the President of the United States
not made an absolute military dictator, it will
not.be on account of any want of power in him,
but on account of his own indisposition to claim
tjie status imposed upon him by those who have
foUouppd his political fortunes. What tools?
Tools blackened and bloody, which have rusted
In Fran<S since the days of Danton and Robes-
pierre; rights and privileges of royalty which
disgraced England in an age prior to llunnymede;
Agents at home who would have made fit turnkeys
for the bastiles and the dungeons of Venice; and
proconsuls abroad who have emulated the exam-
ple of Verresin Sicily, or Pontius Pilate in Judea.
ii is with such tools and witlrsuc^ instrumental-
ities that the Executive is to be intrusted; and c.W
U)is under a disclaimer of any wish to exercise
arbitrary military authority over the people whose
servant ne is. Such disclaimers have been often
ipade before, but never justified.
Look at the provisions of the eleventh section
of this bilk Shall we pay no regard to the past?
Shall we pay no regard to the predilections, to the
customs, to the manners, to the prejudices, if you
please, of the Anglo-Saxon race—a race accus-
tomed and akin to liberty in all ages of the world ?
I ask, when did a nation of our race provide for
the raising of a military force by conscription ?
No consciiption has ever been had in England,
Scotland, or in Ireland. You will find it is an un-
failing instrumentality of military despotism. Yon
will find it in Prussia, in Russia, in Austria, in
Poland they are now exercising a conscription
little less extensive and little less oppressive than
this.
The eleventh scction provides—
That ail persons thus enrolled shall be subject Tor two
>rars after the K day ot July suecot'dm^ the mnoilment to
be called into the military service of the United States, and
to continue in scrvice for three years or durmg the w<u.
Let me ask the attention of Senators to that
provision, itisa most extraordinary provision,
one without precedent and without example in the
history of the Republic; I menu as to the length
of the term of the serv/ce. This bill is said, by
its authors, to be applicable, and is meant by its
authors to be applicable, to the entire militia of the
States. Let me ask if such a thing has ever oc-
curred; if the people oft.be United States are ac-
customed to a military service of three years—a
compelled and enforced service of that time. Let
me ask what justice there is in it to any class of
the population of these States. What justice is
there in asking a man to h-ave his farm or Ins
workshop to serve for ihis term—almost one third
of a lifetime after arriving at the yt arp of major-
ity—and that his neighbors should be all excluded?
Why should it be thrown on one class of our fel-
low-citizens, and that claps determined by lot,
without any reference to their abihtv, to leave
home or to be absent from their families, to be de-
termined by the accident of an accident? Why
should the labor and luudship of this war,or any
other, be imposed on a class foi the term of three
years, and a man's neighbor, simply because he
has not been drawn, he wholly exempt*
The people of tins countiy have not been ac-
customed to (hat length of military scrvico. You
say they must g-'t accustomed to it. There is no
necessity for Much a naturalization; none what-
ever. No military law passed by this Govern-
ment, no military service called for by the Presi-
dent, has y^t exceeded the term of nine months.
Under existing law, the President is author.z.--d to
make requisitions for any amount of militia upon
the executives of the States for nine months. 1
am willing he should have unlimited authority
in regard to numbers. ] am wiihng he should
draw for ail he wishes. He can do so without
legislation; but I do not think the terms of service
ought to be extended. It is not expected, is not
necessary, and it is not lequircd.
1 ask ^enatois lo look at the twelfth scction of
the bill now pending, it is there enacted-—
That whenever u may be necc?>ar> to call out the na
tionnl loto lor military .seivicv. the* Pie-ub m hoebv
suHhorizetl t-  to '-a/h di-tiKt the numbci of men i"o
be funu-hiMi by:-ai(i di^tuct.
And there is an end of the requisition. The
Pr'-suleio is abyoiuuiy empowered to requue of
any distt let rwiy numbu of men he pleases. There
is no limit up,on hnn at all. There is no qualifi-
cation. Even thtiordinary words used in ail such
bills heretofore, that the requisition should bcac-
<oiding to the population ot the district, are omit-
ted. Why ? it seems to me they are omitted for
a purpose, with an intention, with a design. Sup-
pose the President saw fit to exempt a district
politically friendly to him from this draft, from
this enrollment and organization. There is no
provision in the bill which will require from him
any allotment for it. Suppose he saw fit to im-
pose a heavier quota than ordinary, twice the ac-
customed quota, three times the accustomed quota,
on another portion of the country. Suppose he
saw fit to include within this draft and require that
every person in your district, sir, subject to mili-
tary duty, should be enrolled and drafted, and that
the draft should actually amount to the number
of citizens enrolled, there is no provision in this
bill which could qualify his action. He may draw
out every person liable to military duty in any
of the districts. Would it not be well to amend
the bill in that respect? Even had I no other ob-
jection to it, I cannot give this bill my approval
as long as this twelfth section stands as it is now
recorded. ^
In view of the whole animus of the measure, in
view of its whole spirit and intention, 1 charge it
distinctly upon those who support it, and especi-
ally upon the Senator from Massachusetts, who
has introduced it, that this bill will be wrested
from its legitimate object; it will be made use of,
not to oppress the public enemy, but to persecute
and harass political opponents; to gratify party
malice; to avenge political defeats and fancied
political wrongs. 1 speak it, sir, in view of the
responsibilities of my position. I speak it in view
of the fact that I myselfam liable to the provisions
of it. Being now a"father, 1 may hereaftcrbccome
a conscript father of the Republic. [Laughter.]
Would it not be reasonable, would it not be just,
that the quota to be furnished by the districts
should be limited in some manner, that it should
correspond wiih the persons in the district liable
to military duty? Why is there not a provision
m this bill for that purpose? Why should the
quota to be furnished by the district be left speci-
ally, without any limit, without any restriction,
subject only to the order of the President of the
United States?
1 cottle now, however, to a section of this bill
still moie objectionable, in its character, and that
is section thirty. I will read it:
Snc. 30. J3nd be it further enacted. That in time of war,
insurrection, or lebclhon, mmdei, assault and battery with
an intent to kill, man?langhtei, mayhem, wounding by
shooting or stabbing with an urn-nt to t omimt murder, job-
bery, nrton. bmalaiy, tape, and battel y with an in-
tent to commit, rape, and larceny. Mial! be punishable by the
sentence ot a geneial com l-matlnd or mihiai.v eomunssion.,
W hen committed by peis-ono who are in the mihtarj service
of ilio United Hiatus, and Mibiect to the Aitieles of Wai;
and the punicl>ment- for Mteh offenses shall never be ks?<
than tho^e nilhcted by the huv> ul the State, Tcunory, "i
Di-vuct m which they may nave been committed.
Of course, if they arc to be punished by mili-
tary commission, they are to be tried by military
commission. In my State, and I believe in all the
Statos <jt the Union, this must be regarded as an-
other broad stride to obliterating the great fact of
State jurisdiction and State authority, i believe
it is provided in every Stale of this Union that a
person cluugcd with a capital offense shall not be
tr.ed, convicted, or punished without an indict-
ment first by a jury of his peeis, and a trial after-
wards. Jleie is a provision m section thiity,
w hu,h ptoposes to revolutionize the whole system
of ciimmal proceedings, and to say that a party,
because lie is a soldier in the Armv of the United
States, shall not be liable to civil jurisdiction, but
j shall be triable and punishable by the military
authorities. I regard that as a direct infraction,
not only of the Constitution of the United States,
but of the constitution of each and all the Stales.
Why, sir, there is an old ease of the two soldiers
well known to every one conversant with the
reports of the Biitish couits. You must go back
many centum s to find the doctrine that because
a paity is m the army ho is not to be tried by the
civil authorities for a crime against those author-
ities. You will fimi+it in no country where the
common law has prevailed, whether for punish-
I ment, for conviction, or for acquittal. I take it
that a peison who has enlisted has forfeited none
1 of his lights as a citizen. It he is innocent, he is
entitled to an acquittal the hands of his peers,
and a jury of the country; and if he is guilty, he
is entitled to conviction :uid punishment at their
hands, and at their hands only. I am not saying
but ilint y  u might lukfl some military jm isdn tson
of the matter; but such military jurisdiction would
be an adjunct to thatof the civil powers, it would
not supersede, it could not possibly supersede
those powers. I ask any Senators here who have
the slightest regard for the authority of the States,
the slightest regard for the precedents of civil lib-
erty, now five hundred years old, in any country
inhabited by the Anglo-Saxon race, how they can
for a moment consider favorably a section which
proposes to submit the character, the life, and the
liberty of a citizen to the summary trial of a court-
martial, because he has seen fit to take the part of
a patriot, and go into the Army of his country?
It is a new dootrine, because a man sees fit to
volunteer or to enlist, or where he has the good or
bad fortune to be drafted for the service of the
country, that he thereby forfeits his lights as a
citizen. 1 am not disposed for a moment to con-
sider favorably so radical and extreme a departure
from the principles of civil liberty which will
place, as the bill does, the jurisdiction for criminal,
offenses on the part of a large class of citizens out
of the pale of the State authorities, and entirely
in the hands of persons composing a court-mar-
tial; persons with whom they are unacquainted;
persons not of the venue; persons wholly unac-
customed to the motives, the passions, or the pre-
judices, if you wish, of the person committing the
offense. It was in favor of all these things that
the common law provided that offenses should be
triable by the peers of the offender, and in the
neighborhood, unless some lawful cause super-
vened to prevent it.
There is another section of this bill, however,
just as objectionable as any to which I have al-
luded. Section thirty-four provides—
That all persons drafted under the provisions of this act
shall be aligned by the Piesident to military duty in such
corps, regimcnr^, or othei branches of Use sorvice as the
exigencies of the seiviee may require.
It has been heretofore, in Indiana at least, a
cousideiable inducement to volunteering, that the
party who entered the service had the right to
make choice of the regiment, the company, and
even the mess with which he should be thereafter
connected. It has no doubt facilitated volunteer-
ing. It has no doubt aided and assisted the Gov-
ernment in the struggle in which it is now en-
gaged. This thirty-fourth section proposes to
pluck that up by the roots, and gives to the Pres-
ident of the United States power to assign to these
conscripts absolutely the regiment or the corps of
the service in which they shall perform military
duty.
I know it will be claimed by Senators that these
men are drafted; they cannot help themselves; they
are liable to military service; they are within our
power; we have them within our jurisdiction, and
wc will exercise it to suit ourselves. But let me
ask, after all, should not the wishes of the militia,
even when drafted, be consulted? In the war of
1312, in the war with Mexico, the office ring of regi-
ments and brigades was left to the State authori-
ties, the authorities reasonably presumed to be
acquainted with the character of the men who had
gone into the service, and with the character of
the officers whom they appointed. In regard to
company officers, the captains and lieutenants, it
has been heretofore the unalterable and unchange-
able custom in the military service of this coun-
try to leave it to the free voice and election of the
soldier to say under whom he should serve. Never
before has it been attempted to take a citizen of
the United States and place him in a corps, a regi-
ment, or a company against his will. I speak of
one not connected with the regular Army. f speak
of one taken from the mass of population, not of
military education, one who has not made a bar-
gain or a contract, one who has not voluntarily
enlisted, but who has been drafted into the service
of the country.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan*]
the other day said that drafted soldiers were not
unwilling soldiers. I concede it. A great many
men who have been drafted have waited only the
designation. They were without icasonable ex-
cuse, and when they were designated and pointed
out, they left for the scene of their duty to which
they had been assigned. I am willing to believe
that many citizens drafted under our former law,
although there will not be many under the pro-
visions of this bill, a|p willing soldiers, and not
the loss willing because they were designated by
the milHai y law of the country. One of the things
