1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States, under the Constitution and laws. I*want
to knc*v what the fact is: whether, as in Ohio so in
Iowa, t .s Governor recommends and nominates
these officers under the regulation of the War De-
partment, at the request of the President, or by the
authority of law ? 1 do not know whether there be
euch a law. They are not militia called out for
three months or nine months, and hold appoint-
ments ftv , the State, and the exclusion clause of
the Constitution does not affect them.
Mr. WILSON, i will answer the inquiry sug-
gested by the gentleman from Ohio. I will state
thatmy colleague [Mr. Vandever] wasappointed
by the Governor of the State of iowa, and was
commissioned by the Governor of the State of
Iowa, and not by the President or the War De-
partment, as the colonel of the ninth regiment of
Iowa volunteers. The report of the Committee
of Elections shows that he commandsa regiment
of Iowa militia in the service of the United States.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. Wilt the gentleman
answer this question ? Under the laws of Con-
gress has not the Piesident of the United States
theauthority, and has he not repeatedly exercised
it, of dismissing these officers from the service of
the United States?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; so far as the officers
from my State are concerned.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM. I know that it has
been done in Ohio. It is being done every day.
Officers holding commissions under the authority
of the States do so merely by the license of the
President of the United States. The Governors
nominate and informally commission them. One
word further. I have not designed to interfere in
this discussion. The gentleman from Indiana in-
troduced my name in his remarks, and if I were
really entitled to the compliment of being the
originator of this movement, I should be glad of
it. In my resolution I only followed the prece-
dents of former Congresses.
Mr. COLFAX. I have heard the gentleman
from Ohio, and he has not satisfied me with his
argument. He says that the President has the
power to dismiss these officers, it is the question
of appointing and commissioning them that we
have now before us. I will read from the Con-
stitution of the United States I will indulge iu
no " hypoci itical cant," as my friend from Mas-
sachusetts calls it,about my attachment to it. The
gentleman from Massachusetts said, I suppose
kindly to me, that if 1 objected to the remark
" hypocritical cant," he was sorry that I felt it
touched me. I do not believe that it applies to
me more than to himself.1' I have sworn to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States half a
dozen times. I intend faithfully to support it; but
I shall not make any speech to convince my fel-
low-members that I love it over and above them-
selves. I take it for granted that every one re-
gards the palladium of our liberties as I trust I
do. But here is the provision of the Constitution :
"Congress have power" * v * * "to
provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia,
and tor goveinm s ueh part of them as may be employed in
the service of the United States, raervms. to the States, re-
spectively, the appointment oj the officers," 8tc.
The Constitution expressly excludes the Pres-
ident from any power of appointing officers, even
if he desiies to, and the officers have, therefore,
State and not Federal appointments.
And I will say here to the delegation from Ken-
tucky, that if an attempt had been made in tins
House to eject from his seat the gallant General
James S. Jackson, of Kentucky, who left this
Hail to meet upon the field not only the rebels of
other States but of his own, I would have stood
up to-day fn his defense, as I stand here to-day
in defense of the absent gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Geneial Jackson was
himself of opinion that lie had no right to a seat
here.
Mr. COLFAX. I con scdSfcely conceive that
the recollection of the gentleman from Kentucky
is correct in what he has just said. He says that
General Jackson himself did not think he was
entitled to a seat here.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I only want to call the
attention of the gentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der, as objection was made by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] to interruptions.
Mr. COLFAX, i regret that the gentleman
oumot be heard; because I think that a gentle-
man to whom reference is made should have a
right to reply. I appeal to the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his objection.
Mr. "VALLANDlGFi AM. I rise to a question
of order. I understand that by the rules a member
has a right to reply in reference to a matter which
is personal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
objected to the gentleman from Kentucky making
any remark.
Mr. VAJLLANDIGHAM. The Chair does not
understand my point. It is that no member can
step in and, by a single objection, prevent a mem-
ber, to whom personal allusion has been made in
debate, from replying.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky does not come withm that category. The
Chair stated distinctly that a gentleman had the
right to make a personal explanation, where he
himself is alluded to.
Mr. STEVENS. Will thegentleman from In-
diana yield to a motion to go into committee?
Mr. COLFAX. No,sir,notyet. I shall occupy
but a short time. As objection was made to the
gentleman from Kentucky replying to my allu-
sion,! withdraw it entirely; for it is not just to let
it stand without an opportunity to him for expla-
nation or reply. But to make the statement more
emphatic and direct, I will make the application
directly, to myself. 1 say, if I thought myse'lf
not entitled to a seat on this floor, and that 1 was
violating the Constitution by sitting here, I would
resign. I do not say it in reference to any other
member; but I suppose every gentleman would
feel in the same way.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] made one strong point to-day about the
Executive, as if the Executive had interfered. I
do not believe that the Executive has spoken to
any member of this House in reference to voting
either for or against Mr. Vandever. I doubt very
much whether he even knows that the question
is before us for decision. Therefore, the extraor-
dinary influence which the gentleman spoke of as
overshadowing us, is all a chimera.
Then he said further, that the President, if we
confirmed Mr. Vandever in his seat, would have
the right to come in here and take members out
of their seats. Now, I want to read, in continu-
ation of the debate to which 1 have already re-
ferred, what thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
lanjjigiiam] has been asking me to read:
<{ Mr. Curtis, before J take my !-eat I desne to inquire
of the gentleman trom Ohio whether he is not himsdt an
office! in the militia of the State ol Ohio?
"'Mr. Vai.i,?sdioiiam. I do hold a commission under
the State of Ohio.
{*Mr. Curtis. Then, I a^k the gentleman fiom Ohio
whethei, in case ol an invasion, or lor any cause, lie is not
liable to be called out by the President if the Government
of the United .States should take upon itself the duty of
maintaining the rights and privileges ol that Slate?
vCMi. Vallandigham. Unquestionably; and I then
should foifeit my right to a seat upon tins floor.
" Mr. C'urtis. I cannot see that.
" Mr. Vallandigham. I should be compelled to choose
between the two position*; and J would do precisely as
the gentleman from Pennsylvaiua>ays he would do, belect
the military position in prcleicneeto the civil."'
Here comes up the question vvhethera member
who holds a commission under his State asamih-
tia officer without pay, can be taken out of his
seat here by the Piesident in case of invasion of
the State, and whether the member was not there-
by disqualified from holding a seat here. This
question touches the case of every member who
^iolds a commission as captain, lieutenant, orany
other office in the " home guards," or the militia
of his State. In many States every citizen between
certain ages is enrolled as a member of the Slate
militia; and if the President, m a state of invasion,
calls upon the militia en masse to resist the invader,
any member who happened to hold a commission
in this icserved force would be thereby disquali-
fied from further service m this House. That is
the consequence, if the opinions of the gentleman
from Massachusetts are correct.
Rut I rose at the outset simply to state, in reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that this
matter was originally introduced by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham;] that his
resolution was laid on the table, and that four
fifths of the members of the Committee of Elec-
tions who were piesent voted to lay it upon the
table, and thus kill it; that then, and not till after
this decision, Mr. Vandever accepted a colonelcy
of Iowa volunteers; that he had wie right to infer
that this House had, in advance* justified'him in
doing it; that the majority of the Committee $f
Elections themselves approved of it; and it-does
seem unjust towards an absent fellow-member,
facing the foe on the battle-field, that the Commit-
tee of Elections should now, in full view of such
action, introduce a resolution to exclude Mr, Vftn-
dever from his seat on account of accepting.this
commission. I hope, therefore, that the action of
yesterday may be reconsidered.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 rise to a personal ex-
planation, as my name is mentioned in the resolu-
tion which has been read. When it was offered, I
did not think it worth while to make any explana-
tion upon the subject; but as I have since voted
upon every phase of this question, I desire to
state that I was never mustered into the military
service of the United States; that my services
were entirely of a voluntary character; and that
I never assumed any obligation inconsistent with
the discharge of my duties as a member of this
[louse.
I desire to say further, that T presume every
member of this blouse is prepared to meet the re-
sponsibility involved in this question. Asa friend
of the Administration, and as a member of this
House, I do not propose to shirk the perform-
ance of this duty; and 1 desire to refer, in terms
of regret and condemnation, to the allusion made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts as to pos-
sible influences which, he intimated, contributed
to changing the votes of certain members of this
House. When interrogated closely upon the
point, it turns out that the allusion made by him
to the Executive was merely of a suppositious
character. He endeavored to create the impres-
sion that, inasmuch as the President of the Uni-
ted States was, by the Consiituiion of the United
States, the Commander-in-Chief of the Army, he
was endeavoring to retain in this House some six
or seven liege-men, whom he could control upon all
public questions. I do not think it was worthy
of the reputation of thegentleman from Massa-
chusetts to endeavor to fix any such stigma either
upon the President or upon any gentleman in this
I louse, and 1 regret that any such intimation has
been placed upon the records of the House, and
particularly by a gentleman whose position and
long servicesentitleshis general opinions toagreat
deal of weight.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say to thegentleman
from Pennsylvania, he has entirely misconceived
my remarks.
Mr. McPHERSON. I shall be very glad to
find that 1 have.
Mr. DAWES. I said nothing of that kind, and
intended nothing of the kind.
Mr. McPHERSON. I think that the onlycon-
clusion derivable from his argument, in which he
endeavored to account in this way for the change
which had come over the opinions of members.
Mr. DAWES. I accounted for it in this way,
and distinctly stated it just as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] repeated in so many
words: that when he was asked to vote for this
resolution, he saw around him six*of his friends
whom the resolution was going to affect.
Mr. McPHERSON. The Presideuthad noth-
ing to do with that.
Mr. DAWES. I dki not say he had.
Mr. McPHERSON. Then why refer to the
alleged influence of the President? I have uni-
formly voted upon this question with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. 1 believe there is an
incompatibility between the two positions. There
is only one point upon which 1 amin doubt. Not
being a legal man, I must of cou'se rely upon the
opinions of gentlemen better fitted than myself to
give opinions upon such matters. The question
is, whether the House can consider that Colonel
Vandever, by spending a part of his time in the
field, has vacated his seat in this House. If the
gentleman will answer that point to my satisfac-
tion he will have removed the only difficulty in
the case. He states that all the precedents are in
favor of the view he entertained. The distin-
guished gentleman from Iowa [Mr.Wilson] holds
the contrary opinion. Upon that point \ confess
1 desire to be enlightened.
I have no feeling upon this matter, and no de-
sire but to do my duty as an independent member
of this House. I desire to hear the matter dis-
cussed. I do not think that the point to which I
have alluded has been thoroughly settled, and I
