THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
mission of that Deity who came to earth ,and for our
salvation was nailed upon the bitter tree; in whose
name he would have burned Luther and those
who fought the battles of the Reformation against
the arbitrary ecclesiastical power of that era.
Had he, indeed, lived in the days of Christ; had
he seen the Saviour of mankind, the Senator from
Massachusetts would, perhaps, have followed
Him; he would certainly have followed Him. He
would have followed Him from the garden of
Gethsemane through the streets of Jerusalem to
the judgment seat of Pilate, and there his voice
would have been heard, but his language would
have been: 44 Release unto us Barrabas: as for
this Jesus, let him be crucified!"
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate was organized for consultation. There was
an academy once established, I think, on the west-
ern coast of Asia Minor, by a great, wise old
Greek, and he allowed no one to enter into the in-
ner temple Until he had been silent for seven years,
if I remember thqjegend rightly. I think think-
ing is better than talking.
1 wish to say, in reply to the Senator from In-
diana particularly, that 1 somewhat represent the
Northwest from whence he comes, and I more
particularly represent the late Senator from Illi-
nois, whose name he has used, who was my friend
and companion in boyhood days. Xhe sentiments
and opinions he has expressed are not the senti-
ments and opinions that have been expressed by
Mr. Douglas.
I do not propose to go into the argument of this
subject. There cannot be any argument among
people who understand some of the cardinal laws
of logic. In the first place, instinct is higher than
reason, it would be well for the Senator from
Indiana to be governed more by his instincts than
his logic; more by what he felt than what he
thought. It is the great evil of our times that we
have not relied upon general but upon particular
laws. He has dealt in mere particulars, when we
should at least be now governed by generals—I
use the word in its proper sense; not general of-
ficers. In all timesofgreatexcitement, when great
things have to be done, general laws must be as-
serted, and instinct will furnish the law. This
thing of talking about little details when great
questions are involved is futile. It would be well,
it would be immensely well, I would repeat that
many times, if I could really accomplish the result
I desire, when we are talking about the power of
the Executive, the power of the Senate, and the
power of the Government, if we could put into the
executive department of this Government some
vim. It would be immensely well if we could
do it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, self respect, regard for the character of the
Senate of the United States, the priceless value of
these passing hours, alike forbid that 1 should
pause for a moment to reply to the personal allu-
sions of the Senator from Indiana. I am not so
lost to all sense of personal character, or to what
belongs to this presence, as to descend so far as
to notice this voluble tirade of vituperative epi-
thets. I know not what I might have been, had
I lived in other ages and in other lands, but I
happen to live in this age and in this land, rife
with treasons and conspiracies, and sympathiz-
ers with traitors and conspirators; and I now
know that! am not a traitor or conspirator nor a
sympathizer with traitors and conspirators. Nor
aie my associations with men 44 who," in the
words of a gallant .soldier, "find eveiythmg to
deplore in the means employed to suppress the
rebellion, and nothing to commend except their
own exertions to conferauthonty upon those who
apologize for treason, and sue for peace with the
traitors who spurn them."
The Senator from Indiana assumes to speak for
the brave men who are fighting under the flag of
the country in the land of the rebellion. Sir, that
Senator is notcommissionedtospeakforthe men
who are fighting the battles of their country, j
That Senator is entitled only to speak for the men ,
of his State who are now quailing beneath the j
withering scorn and stinging rebukes of the gal- I
Iant men who have made the battle-fields of Ken- I
tucky and Tennessee immortal. The Senator has i
the brazen effrontery to tell the Senate and the i
country that our brave soldiers in the field, whose
ranks are thinned and wasted by the storms of
battle and the diseases of the camps, will oppose
this measure to fill their thin and wasted ranks.
His associates denounce the provisions of this bill
to fill the ranks of our armies, but the soldiers of
the Republic everywhere receive this measure
with unbounded and enthusiastic approbation.
Every mail from the armies of the Republic brings
the intelligence that our soldiers have received
with a thrill of joy this great measure of their
country to fill their war-worn ranks. Our armies
in the East and in the West everywhere received
with enthusiasm the intelligence of the passage of
this bill through the Senate of the United States.
The Senator and his associates may hurl their
maledictions at this measure, but the loyal people
of the country and the soldiers in the field will hail
and welcome its passage through the Congress of
the United States. The world will see in this act
the inflexible purpose of the people of the United
States to pledge all they are and all they hope to
be to the suppression of this rebellion and the pres-
ervation of the unity of the North American Re-
public. That the Senator from Indiana, and the
men he represents, should denounce it, is not un-
expected by those of us who know his and their
unpatriotic purposes. Let him and his copper-
head associates rail on, but the people will vindi-
cate every honest effort to crush out this godless
insurrection.
The Senator from Indiana repeats again the
charge that Massachusetts has failed to respond
to the call of the President for volunteers. This
is notthe first time Massachusetts has been charged
by that Senator with failure to furnish the men
called for by the proclamation of the President.
The record shows that the Senator does not-know
whereof he affirms, or that he willfully persists in
stating what is not correct. Massachusetts was
called upon last summer by the President of the
United States for 15,000 men for three years. In
response to that call she has raised and sentmto the
field 16,89C men, being 1,896 more than her quota.
Is that failure ? Is that what the Senator from
Indiana means by failuie ? The President of the
United States also called upon Massachusetts for
19,000 militia, and in response to that call she gave
the country 19,806, being 806 more than her full
quota. Is that failure ? Is that what the Senator
from Indiana means by failure? The Common-
wealth of Massachusetts has sent into the field,
since the adjournment of Congress in July last,
2,702 more men than the quotas assigned her by
the President of the United States. She also sent
a battery of six months men not included in this
estimate; yet that Senator rises here and again
and again repeats the slander of the copperheads
of his State who senthim here. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
There must be order in the galleries, or they will
be cleared.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. These In-
diana copperheads hiss their venomous slanders
at the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. They
assume to arraign her fidelity to the country in
this great cusis. The Senator from Indiana, the
fit representative of these malignant slanderers,
would, if he could, cast a stain upon the fame of
that ancient and proud Commonwealth. Nothing
that the Senator can utter will dim the fair fame
of Massachusetts. Nothing that the Senator can
utter will reach Massachusetts. No, sir, no.
There is not strength enough in the arm of that
Senator to hurl his envenomed shafts far enough
to reach Massachusetts, her Governor, or her peo-
ple; ay, or her representatives in these Cham-
bers. Massachusetts, her Governor, and her Sen-
ators, too, may calmly repose in the abiding con-
fidence that the vituperative phrases that fall so
glibly from the lips of that Senator will reach not
the mark' at which they are aimed.
Mr. TURPI E. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has remarked that I am not entitled to speak
for the soldier. I am as much entitled to speak
for the soldier as the Senator from Massachusetts.
I represent aState that has sent one hundred thou-
sand soldiers to this war. I have kith and kin
in that army near and dear, not those who wear
thf strap or the star, but those who handle the
nobler commission of the spade and the musket.
Not entitled to speak forthe soldier ! I shall speak
for him. I will speak for him. I know nothing
about the soldier elsewhere; but I will tell you
something of the western volunteer. He hates the
secessionist because he is the enemy of his coun-
try; he laughs at the negro, and despises the
Yankee politician. That is the sentiment of the
western volunteer. Has he not abundance of rea-
sons for these sentiments? Shall they not be
spoken ? I will not go so far as to say that this
is the sentiment of the western people. I will say
that it may be, unless a change of policy is here-
after to be effected.
The Senator says that I cannot reach Massa-
chusetts. God forbid that I ever should reach it,
that I ever should set foot upon its soil. I have
no such desire; not the wish; not the intention,
as long as the present dynasty of fools controls its
destiny. Concord, Lexington, and Bunker Hill,
spots once consecrated to liberty, now the seats
of a base faction, which seeks to make vain the
sacred blood there shed !
He says I have spoken personally of him. I
spoke of characters in and out of the Senate, those
who see fit by the crocodile, hypocritical praise
of the worthies of the past to cover up their own
mistakes, errors, and treason of the present. I
have a right to make a general denunciation of
political characters of that kind. If the boot fits
the foot of the Senator from Massachusetts, in all
charity let him wear it.
The Senator from Massachusetts has alluded to
what he calls, in very senatorial terms, the " cop-
perhead" Legislature of Indiana. Itispart of the
regular business of that Senator to rise on this
floor and arraign the people and the legislative
authorities of sovereign States, and to arraign po-
litical organizations as being enemies to the coun-
try. What is his purpose ? What is his object ?
What does hfc propose to effect? I can tell you
one thing he is effecting. He will convince the
secessionists; he will convince the rebel authori-
ties at Richmond; he will persist in convincing
them of what he knows himself to be false, that
there is a party m this country opposed to the
Government; that they control the Legislatures of
Indiana, of Illinois, of New Jeisey,and of other
loyal States. Does the gentleman emulate such
a work as that? I charge upon him that in so
doing—as he does officially and personally in giv-
ing to that slander the indorsement and the weight
of his official character as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs—he is laboring in the
cause of the enemy; he is giving them aid and
comfort; he is doing the low, sordid, and vulgar
work of a scavenger in the rebel camp which a
generous enemy would disown.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Had the
Senator from Indiana possessed the power to see
himself and his confederates as others see them,
he could never have supposed that anything I
might say of him or of them would make an im-
pression upon the leaders of the rebellion. The
Senator and his associates have written in letters
to be read of all men their sentiments, opinions,
and deeds. The rebels know their friends with-
out any certificate of their characters from me.
But the Senator still persists in his shameless as-
sumption to speak forthe soldiers of Indiana now
in the field. He speak for loyal soldiers ! By
what authority? Who commissioned him to
speak here or elsewhere for the brave men who
are fighting the battles of their country? The
soldiers of Indiana, of the great Northwest, are
sending back to the Senator and his confederates
their sternest denunciations of rebel apologists
and sympathizers. Regiment after regiment, in
the armies of the Northwest, are sending back
from their camp-fires, from the fields of their
fame, their utter condemnation of the words and
deeds of the men who are denouncing the Gov-
ernment and sympathizing with traitors in arms.
These soldiers, who are sending back these mes-
sages of stinging rebuke to the Senator and his
confederates, will repel with unutterable scorn the
foul calumny that they share the feelings and sen-
timents of the Senator from Indiana toward New
England and the sons of New England. They
i| scorn and despise the sympathizers with treason;
|j surely they will disown the libelers of New Eng-
land. The Senator expresses his own malignant
hatred rather than the feelings of the gallant sons
of Indiana, now in front of the rebellion, when
he utters on the floor of the Senate of the United
States the indecent declaration that the men of the
Northwest "hate the Yankees." No one who
heard the Senator utter those words; no one who
looked upon him as those words fell from his lips,
will question the sincerity of the declaration aa
