m,
fill CONGRESSIONAL- ©LOBS.
January 21.
invite the criticism of the legal gentlemen of tike
jfil'tttife* Ui it.
~ Mk CRITTENDEN. Mr.iSp*ak«r, I can see
m ruaftm at all for the excitement which prevails
4tithe House upon this question. It appears to
Me to be jKfrtjfejr a constitutional question. Cer-
isii#lyy slip, \ -most protest against the. imputation
-#6 umverisaUy.east upon the distinguished ge-ntle-
' tnaa tfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] of44 lec-
turing the House." i do not know what gen-
tlemen mean by " lecturing; the House." The
gemleman did nothing more than sustain his own
opinions upon this question, and oppose the opin-
ions of others. That is the very purpose and
©bject of debate. And yet gentlemen here, for
the want of something else to excite themselves
about, seem to me to go greatly out of the way
to suppose themselves lectured. I confess i heard
Ike gentleman, although I suppose I am one of
tirose lectured, vvifh great pleasure. I should bo
♦spry glad to hear such lectures oftener here. I
would greatly prefer them to Mr. Murdoch's
readings, or anybody's elae. [Laughter.]
Now,-sir, what is the question before us? The
Constitution says that " no person holding any
office under the United States"shall be a member
this body. I ask gentlemen to consider, for a
moment, what was the object of this provision of
the Constitution ? What was its purpose ? Wlmt
Was the reason upon which it was founded? Sir,
the object of the framers of the Constitution was
to preserve this body as a pure and fair repre-
sentation of the people of the United States, to
£uard it sedulously from executive interference,
and to save it even from suspicion. Was not
that the object? Why should men be prohibited
from Hitting in this House because they held office
under the authority of the United Stales? Because
the President of the United States could control
them.
Gentlemen protest against the idea that honor-
able soldiers who have gone to the field to fight
the battles of the country should be subject to any
suspicion. Sir, that seems to me to be a most
fallacious argument. Tin-Constitution has set-
tled that question. The Consutuiion says they
may be suspected, and that is reason enough; or
that they may be guilty, and that is a hotter rea-
son; and you might just as well rail against the
Constitution for a want of patriotism as rail against
the arguments employed to show that they come
within the terms erf this constitutional prohibition.
This body was intended to be a representation of
the people. There are three great departments of
the Government. You constitute the great legis-
lative representation of the people, and you should
not be mixed up with officers and soldiers of the
Army, or anybody else holding office under the
authority of the United States; because by possi-
bility you might have a President who would at-
tempt bv such means to exercise an improper in-
fluence here; because by possibility the members
might be men who could be controlled by him;
and because, even if neither of these things were
the case, it makes them liable to suspicion as to
theft' fidelity to the people. That is the reason of
the constitutional provision. But according to the
reasoning of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax,] whose patriotism always overflows and
inundates him upon every subject, [laughter]—
according to him, we ought not to exclude the
brave defenders of the country from seats in this
Hall. The gentleman goes beyond t he Constitu-
tion. He takes up the question5/)W<?n, and argues
it upon the individual merits of the brave defenders
of the country. Are they to he suspected of being
ii&bieto improper influences? No; and he regrets
that the gentleman from Massachusetts should
have supposed such a tiling possible. Why, sir,
according to tin- gentleman'sargument our places
could be supplied on any day by a single brigade
of troops. A brigade of sol iicrscould supply four
or five Congresses, and the patriotism of the gen-
tleman would sustain them all in their seats; and
how easy it would be for the President of the Uni-
ted States to cany on the Government with these
* •*«« filled with a brigade of his faithful soldiers.
(Laughter.)
Mr.COLl'WX. Will the gentleman from Ken-
t tcky yield to me, as he is nr.t stating my position
eorrectlv5
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly. #
Mr. COLFAX. I am glad to perceive that he
such a goad opinion of my patriotism, and i
take a compliment, or a lecture, from him will!
kindness, as a mauer of course.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. You should have Re-
gard for the Constitution besides.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman speaks about
the Constitution, and yet lot me remind him that
he sat sid«  by side with one of his colleagues, a
military officer, here for months and months, and
his conscience was not at all troubled then about
the Constitution being invaded by the presence of
that colleague. ThePresident could have ordered
that colleague of his into the field at any time, as
much as he could order Mr. Vandever now.
As he bases his argument upon the Constitu-
tion, I wish to call his attention to the fact that
the Constitution construes its* if. It says, in the
second clause of the sixth section, that—
"Noperson holding any office under tiie United States
shall be a member of either House of Congress during his
continuance in office."
Now, how do we find "out what thosp " offices
under the United States "are? Why, by the Con-
stitution itself; and the same Constitution, three
pages further on, says, in section eight:
" Reserving to the Starts, respectively, the appointment
of the officers of the militia called into the service of the
United States."
Mr. WADSWORTH. I would inquire if the
objection of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] is still pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks, in every
instance where one member seeks to interrupt
another, if there is objection. The Chair heard
no objection in this instance, although he put the
question to the House.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, it is very
true that 1 have sat iiere, as the gentkman has,
with the member tfhose seat is now in question,
and with others in the same position, and 1 have
never moved in the matter. That is true; but you
put the question to me now, and I must answer
it. This House has been very forbearing upon
this subject, very forbearing, and I am as liable
to impeachment for it as any other member. I
have iny faults, and the atonement I am always
ready to make is to acknowledge them. We have
been very forbearing. This thing ought never to
have been allowed for a day—.tevi r lor a day.
If this gentlema i was constitutionally disquali-
fied, we ought not to have allowed him to sit here
a single day; and now we are called upon for a
decision upon the question, and in a case that pre-
sents it fairly. The gentleman is not here. You
cannot turn him away from a seat which he is not
actually occupying. He is in the fiWd performing
his military duties, and, for all you know, he is
there by the President's command : and if he wei e
here, the Pi esidentcould command him to go back
to Iowa, or to Arkansas, or to anywhere else he
pleased. Can such a man, subject to commands
of that sort, be a proper Representative of the
people, and not under the control of the Execu-
tive, who can order him North, South, East, or
West, at his pleasure?
But you say that this gentleman does not hold
his office by authority of the President or by au-
thority of the United States. Why do you say
so ? cause he was originally commissioned by
the Governor of his own State. But how came
he so commissioned? By your authority—the
authority of Congress. You delegated the power
to so commission him,and the President agreed to
receive bun. This placed him in a position where
he was absolutely mustered into the service of the
United Statt s, subject to all the orders of the Pres-
ident of the United States. That seems to me to
come within the very reason upon winch this pro-
vision of the Constitution rests. We may become,
as was the case in England at one time, n Parlia-
ment fall of officers. It will not do to say that
these are honorable men, or so honorable that they
eannol be influenced. That is not the question
for us. It was a question for the framers of the
Constitution, and they have determnitd it. It is
perfectly clear to me that this case comes within
the provision of the Constitution. This mode of
raisin** volunteers under the act of Congress and
havn^ certain officers designated by the State au-
thoiuies, is but the substitution of the State au-
thority for the F> deral authority to designate men
to command regiments. As soon as tin* men so
designated are mustered into the service, they aie
literally, as they already were in reality, officers
purely under the authority of the United States.
I am«much indebted, sir, to the Committee of Elec-
tions for reporting upon this question tis they have
done. It is necessary to make this body a pore,
fair, honest, and unsuspected representation of the
people of the country.
Another thing, Mr. Speaker. Are not those of-
fices perfectly incompatible ? The facts in the case
show that they are. Why is not the gentleman
from Iowa in his seat? Because he is performing
the duties of another office in a distant pan of the
country, and cannot be here. But independently
of this incompatibility, the constitutional provis-
ion embraces the case. My friend from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] cannot see his friend removed
from his place here on the supposition that he could
possibly be subject to any improper influence.
Ele was his near neighbor, and sat by him. All
the relationships of neighboihood are destroyed
by this cruel act of removing from office a man
who isdisqualtfied by the Constitution. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Col#ax] wants to know
why we would not rather encourage genth men to
go out from heie to the field and fight the battles of
the countt y? I would, with all my heart,encourage
them; but i would not encourage them to come
back and take their seats here. There is all the
difference in the world between inviting them to
go out and inviting them to come back. No, sir;
the offices are incompatible. It is against the in-
dependence of a member to be subject to the orders
of the President.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trouble the House with any remarks on this sub-
ject, were it not owing to two considerations: first,
that the pending question interests my own State,
inasmuch as it concerns the repiesentaiion from
that State in ibis House; and second, that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, persists in saying ttoat
nobody has questioned the soundness of the-com-
mittee's conclusion. I do not know why the gen-
tleman lu\s made such an assertion, for he cer-
tainly heard me question the soundness of the
commiitee's conclusions yesterday. I stated yes-
terday, and I rep< at it to-day, that I differ entirely
from the committee in the conclusions at which it
has arrived. It has been said that all of the cases
decided by both Ho«ses of Congtess tend to main-
tain the conclusions of the committee. That may
be true, so far as the questions presented and dis-
cussed in those cases are concerned But I insist
that the construction which I state to be the true
construction of the Constitution has never.been
involved in any of them, and has never been dis-
cussed in any of them. Consequently they can-
not be pieCedents against the construction which
I now ask the House to enforce. Tin: gentleman
from Massachusetts has said further that the de-
cisions t>f the couits of the counti y maintain the
position assumed by the Committee of Elections.
I thought that this House was the judge of the
qualifications of its own members, and that what
couits might decide in reference to other offices
could have no force or effect whatever in determ-
ining tiie question now before us. I admit that
in regaid to offices generally, those on which the
courts have a right to pass, these precedents are
with the position assumed by the gentleman, but
they cannot apply to nn mbers of this House, or
affect the action of the House in determining the
qualifications of members; to the House alone is
given the power to decide all such questions con-
cerning its membeis.
Leaving out of view, for the present, the ques-
tion connected wilh the source from which the
commission of my colleague emanated, I wish to
call the attention of the House particularly to
what I conceive the proper construction of this
section of the Constitution:
" No person holding any office under the United States
^hsill !><• it member of either lioasc of Congress during his
continuance in office."
I submi',as I UPd yesterday, that the converse
of that proposition must be true also; and what
is it? Thai no member of either House of Con-
gress shall hold any other office under the United
States during his continuance as such member of
either Hons*1. That I hold to be the true con-
struction of this section. But the gentleman from
Massachusetts says that my colleague, by accept-
ing the commission of colonel, thereby resigned
his seat in tin* House, i Ut-uy that he had the
right or power to accept ibis commission while
he remained a member of this House. Uolottgas
