THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Ims to the Republican party, nor do I belong to i
theBemocraticparty. F belong to the great Union ,
party of ibis country, and I never intend to belong
to any other. I do not like to hear gentlemen talk
here of-pariies and brand each other with being
Republicans or Abolitionists or Democrats. For
myself, I know no such parties. Though I was
ailife-long member of the Whig party, I stand
now before God to say that, though I believe
it was one of the best parties the country ever had ,
indeed the very best, if I could restore it I would
BOfcturn on my heel to do so. I want to hear now
of no party butaUnion party, a national party, a
party to stand by this Government, and I will
belong to no other party.
Sir, 1 was too much mixed up with the doings
of those who brought about the present rebellion
not to know how it was brought on. I am well
aware of the exceeding great anxiety of the lead-
ing men in the South to carry Maryland off into
this rebellion. I was mixed up with it in such a
way that I know pel haps a little more of the ef-
forts of those men than any other living man. I
resisted their efforts; and why? Because L loved
the Government of the immortal Washington and
his compeers, and I saw that ruin must come upon
these people if they persisted in the course they
were pursuing.
I said a moment ago that I was Jiero represent-
ing til part the loyal State of Maryland. Why
do I say that Maryland is loyal to this Union:'
Bccauso her people on all occasions have been
true and fditirfu! to the Union. 1 know that they
have been very much divided; 1 know Unit some
of them carried ropes m their pockets to hang me
with, and revolvers in their pockets to shoot mo
With, when, as Executive of Maryland, I resisted
the efforts of commissioners fiom the South to in-
duce me to put Maiyland m the name attitude
with them. Thowe commissoineis laid before me
their design*, ami J know what they desired.
Thoy wanted this capital; they wanted this Dis-
- trict. They had no other very particular reason
for desntng Maryland to go wiih the southern
States, except that the territory on winch this
Capito] and the other Government buildings had
been erected was ceded to the General Govern-
ment by the State of Maryland, and they said that
if Maryland went out of the Union H would re-
il iY-iiU VIUHU wriil I'll L wi wiw ....... * v .. v...... ...
vert to her. Sii, I say Maryland has been loyal,
although her loyalty has often been doubted. My
own loyalty, too, has often been doubted; but I
never cared for such aspei sions. 1 was saU.-.lied
to refit upon the reeoul which 1 lind made. Ma-
ryland lias been loyal to (lie coie from the com-
mencement of our national existence. True, for
a short time her people were panic-stricken mid
some of them faced about, but the moment " the
sober second thought" cam^, they leturncd to
tin ir first love.
What other State in this Union six years «mice
caM, her vote for the model President, Millard
Fillmore ' Mai yland exhibited a lone star. Alone
she voted foi him, though he was a northern man,
foi his antecedents satisfied her people that he
wus a patriot, and we wanted a man who had
been characterised by his political adversaues as
the model President of the count! y. We wen:
willing to try him airasn. Since that time, how-
over, the people of the South have been divided,
and the people of AlaiyLmd have been divided
also. Wo have not acted as brethren ought to
act towaid each other; there has been vilification
on both sides. There was a determination on the
part of those who exerted an influence in the
South to break down this Government; ultra gen-
tlemen upon the slaveiy subject on the other side
have done their full shaie ot the mischiel; but 1
must be hue in my statement, and say that 1 have
never doubted that this rebellion was brought
about by the leadet* in the cotton States.
When I was besought and entreated in my of-
ficial capacity in Maryland to yield to secession,
1 refused, because the inteiests of the people of
Maryland were dear to my heart. I was told by
gentlemen from the cotton States, " you may just
as well yield, for, despite of all that can begone,
king cotton will control this Goxernment. ' So
said the commissioners who came to me tromthe
South ; but,sir, 1 acknowledged no ot her king than
a soveieign people. The masses are with ns; the
masses wiii stand by (his Union. Political dem-
ajroguts may have their day, but the time will
coiiK' when the people, in the majesty of their
strength, will rise up and say to this class of men,
"stand back; this is our Government, and we
intend to take care of it."
Sir, because a few political demagogues rpiarrel
and make long-winded speeches here, and have a
great deal to say about what the North has done,
and what the South has done, are we to give up
tins Government? I never have doubted, and 1
stand in my place now to say that I do not doubt
the ability of this Government to maintain itself.
I am aware that in some respects there has been
bad management; and party spiritmakes the most
of it. As I before remarked, 1 do not belong to
that paity which some of the gentlemen who sur-
round me denounce as the abolition party. 1 do
not belong to the Republican party, and thank God
1 never belonged to the Democratic party; and yet
I will say that many of the best Union men in the
country come from the Democratic party, and I
love them as Union men, as men fully loyal to the
Government of the United States. 1 have belonged
always to a patriotic party—a paity looking to the
advancement of the interests of this country.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] has
talked about the usurpation of powerand the rad-
icalism of this Administration. Let me ask him,
what would Virginia hatfe been to-day if she had
acted wisely and kept herself out of the breach ?
Could they not have seen, did they not see, as
many of us in Maryland saw, that the design was
to bring the war, if war was to come, upon the
border States, and that we should be destroyed?
They-jaftred not what might become of us if they
could be kept out of trouble and be made secure
in the far-off South. I am not here as the apolo-
gist of President Lincoln. I believe he is an hon-
est man. I think he has made mistakes. Tie has
i done things of which 1 cannot approve; but I am
i here to stand by him, as I stood by General Jack-
! son and Martin Van Buren, and every Democratic
j President from General Jackson down, m all he ,
| does that is right. I will not advocate anything ■
| that is wrong; I *vill not sustain him in anything j
I that I believe to be improper; but if 1 am to be ,
I calied a Lmcolnito or a Republican because I sus- .
i lam the Adinimstiation of Abraham Lincoln in j
1 what I think is right, then I have been a Demo- i
crat all my life long, though I never voted for a I
Democrat since I have had the elective franchise. !
Sir, 1 sustain the Governmentof my country, and j.
1 go for no party, I care not whether it be North .]
or South, in the middle or outside, that is lor de-
stioymg thisGovernment. My slaves may go to-
morrow if the sacrifice be necessary. I caie noth- ,
ino; about slavery as an individual; but while \ |
am here m my lepresentative capacity 1 say that !
if by force, m violation of the Constitution, an j
attempt should be made to take the slaves of the j
people of Maryland from them, I will light against j
that force until 1 die. 1 have no doubt the time j
will come when slavery must s;o; but let me ask, i
who has destroyed the value of our slaves.'' I ask
rational, reasonable gen tie men here, who destroyed
the value of our slaves, in the border States par-
ticularly? Has anything done it but the inau-
guration of this war by the leadeis of the South?
Not content with the icpeal of the Missouri
compromise, they fired upon Fort bum tor, and
withdrew their members fiom the two Houses of
Congress. It was said that the Viiginia conven-
tion could not pass an ordinance of secession until^
Fort Sumter had been fired upon. ^ The siege ot
Sumter was the betrayal of Virginia. And what
was this Government to do ? Were the troops to
be left in that fort to perish, or were they to be fed
and sustained by the Government which placed
them there? I would have fed those troops if 1
had to kill every man within five miles of those
foitifications m doing so. And what was to be-
come of the fortifications that belonged to the Gen-
eral Government3 As I said to one of the com-
missioners, m regard to this Capitol and the pub-
ho buildings erected at the seat of Government, ;
£' if we had the power to do it, would it be light, :
would it he honestto take away this property from
all the States of the Union? Have they not all con-
tributed their full share towards paying the pur-
chase money, first for the ground on which they
were erected, and then for the construction of the
buildings; and would it be proper, it we had the.
power, to take away this propel ty from the States
gcneially?" " Well," said he, " we will settle
one thing at a time; let us decide that Maryland
■shall go with the South, and then we will arrange
other things." 1 said, "sir, what is to become of
..« , -i • i i  i.i J :.Ji+u <• 
Maryland if she should decide to go with the
SouthV "Oh," he replied, "she will be the
1 greatest State in the confederacy, and Baltimore
will be the London of the southern confederacy."
1 answered lum, " that will do to tell to boys, but
it will not be credited by men of mature age."
i mention this incidentally. I do not want to
embaik in this quarrel. I do not intend to do it. ,
I have seen enough of the unnecessary consump-
tion of time here in useless and m worse than use-
less debate. I think much that is said here is for
home consumption, not to affect the action of this
body, but to go out among the people, and the
people arc to be irritated, and a party of some sort,
outside of that which ought to be built up, outside
of that true Union party which I believe now ex-
ists in this country, is to be gotten up by this sort
of filibustering discussion in what ought to be the
grave American Senate.
I ask my friend from Virginia, who has sain a
good deal about tyranny and usurpation, if there
was not j\ time at which the loyalty of the neople
of the State of Virginia was tested, and whether
when they elected delegates to their convention
in 1861, they did not cast some sixty thousand
majority in favor of the Union delegates to that
convention? The convention met. I was in cor-
respondence with several of the leading gentlemen
there at that time, and they never seemed to have a
doubt that matters were being settled there quietly
until probably about four weeks before the ordi-
nance of secession was passed. Then they began
to give way, and the ordinance was passed, and
what was the effect? The ordinance was passed
on a Thursday night, I think. On the preceding
night a telegraphic dispatch reached the city of
Baltimore from Richmond, saying that" to-mor-
row the ordinance of secession will be passed.
Have your arrangements made. Be prepared to
rush Maryland right out after Virginia." I do not
speak now of what 1 know, but I believe that to
have been sent. I heard from a Virginian that
on that Thursday night, and on Friday and Fri-
day night, and how long after I do not know,
there were two thousand Virginians in the city
of Baltimore. What were they there for ? Itwas
to aid in carrying Maryland out of the Union, and
putting her in rebellion with the South. I said
to Judge Crump, who came from Richmond on
Monday morning after the raid which was so dis-
graceful to Baltimore, but from which, thank God,
she has lecovercd, "sir, you will rue the step you
have taken in Virginia. Your people have ex-
pected to bi mg the war into Maryland ii we must
have war,and to make her thcslaughter-pen. Iam
sorry you have taken the course you have. He
replied, "what are you going to do? Are you
going North r" " No," I said, " we are not going
South,and we are not going North, but we are go-
ing to remain precisely where our patriot fathers
placed us, and where we have been since, a happy
and prosperous people, until mischievous men be-
gan to break up the Government."
Gentlemen talk about the Federal forces invad-
ing the southern Slates. I should like to know
whether any Government forces lmd been sent
into any of those States prior to April, 1861. In
the latter part of April and the early part of May,
in that year, the western part of my fotate was
invaded by Virginia armed forces. The property
of our people was taken away. I do not mean
to say that it was done by order of the govern-
ment of Vnginia; but itwas a sort of guerrilla
system of warfare which had been got up in that
State. Our Legislature was then m session. I
called it together as the only means, in my opin-
ion. to keep the State of Maryland from utter
destruction; and it succeeded. 1 knew that that
course would be condemned by very many of my
best friends; but so thoroughly convinced was I
that that alone would save us from going with the
South that I determined to hazard it, and fortu-
nately it had the desired effect. To show you the
madness of these people, how thoroughly they
were bent upon their malignant purpose, I may-
mention that Coleman Yellott, one of the sena-
tors in the Legislature of Maiyland, issued his
proclamation on the Monday morning succeeding
the 19tli of April for convening the Legislature to
meet it) the city of Baltimore on the next Thurs-
day. The election of ten delegates from that city
was necessary. According to the organic law of
our State,-no eleation could be legal without giv-
