18G3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
United States, t-hail then be thenceforward and forever free,
and the executive Government of the United States, in-
cluding the mihtaiy ami naval authority thereof, will recog-
nize and maintain the 1'ieedomof such peisons,and will do
no act oi acN to ropre=>.-: such person- 01 any of them in any
efforts they may make fot their actual freedom."
Sir, the bold and revolutionary doctrine hjere
avowed is alarming in the highest degree. Be-
tween this proclamation and the Constitution there
is an irreconcilable and waning antagonism. It
is utterly impossible for both to stand. The Con-
stitution rccoginzcs the institution of slavery in
the States, and so guatds and protects it that no |
power on eaith can strike it down except the j
power of the Stat * where it exists. At the lime the |
Constitution was adopted and the Union formed, |
slavery existed, and had long been an established i
institution in most of the States. It was, in fact,
the rule, and the free labor system the exception.
The Constitution expressly provides for any
additional supply of slaves that might be desired
in any State, for twenty years after its date, by
ordaining that the—
'* Importation of such ]"'i s ons trs any of the Slates now cx-
iitin<* shall fhtnk pioper M admit, shall not he prohibited by
the Congress prior to the year 1808."
Slavery was also made the basts, in part, of rep-
resentation in the Stales where it existed. The
Constitution provides that, in the enumeration to
be made of the inhabitants, in oider to the appor-
tionment of Representatives in Congress from the
several States, the enumeration shall be made {< by
adding to the whole number of free persons,"
excluding Indians, " three fifths of all other per-
sons,"or three fifths of all the slaves.
Rut lest in process of lime some conflict should
arise between the si tw and free States, rendering
the institution of slavery to some extent insecure,
and to guiul ngamst all such contingencies, and
extend to it full and ample protection, the Consti-
tution declares that—
" Xnpff-on ne!d io mm vice or labor in one Ftato undoi the
laws, i!i<_! eni. e-e ipinir into another, shall, in consequence
of any law or iegii'iU'on therein, he di^ehatged fioiu such
fcervioe oi laboi, hut he dejiveied up on claim of the
party to whom such v mco or J.ihui may he duo.''
This would seem toha\e been enough—all that
could be desired to secure to the States where it
existed the absolute and exclusive control of sla-
very. It was clear that 110 power over the institu-
tion was delegated or granted to the General Gov -
em men l: and now the door is forever closed against
all interference from the free States. The fugitive
slave shall be dehveted to his master. But as if
to silence all controveisy, and put the question at
rest foiever, the Constitution, in another clausc,
declares that—
"The powrs not delegated to the United State.- by the
Cont-'tiluuon. not pmhrbiied In it to the ^taie-,aie ir-'eivod
totne State-, H'-pi'ctivciy, or to the people.'5
It is therefore clear, beyond all doubt or ques-
tion, that by the Const itution the institution of sla-
very is placed under the supreme, absolute, and
exclusive control of the State where it exists. It
is difficult to see how it could have been more se-
curely and cautiously hedged and guarded against
all encroaehment fiom free State and Fedeial
power. The Constitution may be searched in
vain to find any greater security and protection
thrown around the landed estate or any other spe-
cies of property held by the people of a State.
If the President has power to depiive whole dis-
ti icts and communities of their entire pioperty in
slaves, it follows of necessity that he can, by the
same power, take from them thurlands and every
ot her species of property. And if he can do this
in one Slate, he can do the same m any or all the
States of the Union. The question of the Pi ce-
dent's power is in no way affected by the fact that
large numbers of persons in each of the southern
States ai e in rebel 1 ion against t he t ightful anthoi -
ltyof the Federal Government. The Stales them- ;
selves are still members of the Union, as much !
so, m a legal and constitutional sense, as they over
were. Theii ordinances of secession woto ail
null and void, and being so, did not and could
not effect any change in their constitutional re-
lations to the Fedeial Government. It is upon
this pi inciple that all persons in those States who
aie foicibl'y resisting the authority of the Federal
Gove j n men tare considered in rebellion, and there-
foie warcmi be justifiably prosecuted for the pur-
pose of bunging them back to their allegiance.
But if the ordinances of secession are not void —
if, m a legal and constitutional sense, the southern
States are out of the Union and separated from
it, then the citizens of such States owe no allegi-
ance to the Federal Government. They are not
rebels, and could not be in rebellion against the
Federal Government, because it would have no
constitutional authority over them. And m that
case the President could have no more authonty
to issue a proclamation against those States than
he would have against the Stales of Mexico; this
proclamation would then indeed be " like the Pope's
bull against the comet," But the Piesident him-
self holds that the Union, in a legal and consti-
tutional sense, is as perfect now as it ever was.
After several of the Slates had passed secession
ordinances, he declatod in his inaugural address
that all such ordinances iccre void, and the Union
unbroken. These southern Slates, then, are still
111 the Union, and all their domestic institutions,
laws, and constitutions as sacredly guarded as
they ever were. The Constitution of 1 he United
States knows no difference between the Slates, but
extends its protection equally to eveiy member
of the Union. If the powci assum< d in the pioc-
lamation can be justified by any argumentoi any
reason, when applied to a southern State, it can,
by the same argument, and for the same reason, be
justified when applied to a noi thern Slate. If the
President can strike down and abolish the insti-
tution of slavery in a southern State, he can set
up, ordain, and establish it in a northern State.
The power is the same. But the truth is, the pioc-
lamation admits of no justification or defense. It
is a. daiing, open, and flagrant violation of the
Constitution, the President himself being judge.
In his inaugural addtess, under the sanctions of
the oath he had just taken " to pieservc, protect,
and defend the Constitution,'"' the. rebellion st.u mg
him in the face, six of the Stales having passed
ordinances of secession, he declared:
I have no purpose, dneeth 01 indirectly, to intei!e;e
with the iiMituuon ot Mavei\ in the SSiat.'- wii-ae it exists
I believe I haw 110 iawnil ughr to do •■o, ami I have no in-
clination to do M).'*
Sir, the claim set up in the proclamation is
nothing less than a bold and daring assumption
of absolute and despotic power. The Constitu-
tion declaies that—
u The United States shall *uarant>t to erery State in this
Union a republican form oj qouo
But the proclamation assumes absolute control
over propel iy, suikes down State laws and State
constitutions, and wrests fiom the people the sa-
cred right of self-governnvni. The issue pre-
sented is no less than the fearful one of w her her the
people of this country shall be governed by then
own wutten lews and constitutions, 01 by the ar-
bitrary will of one man? And let not the people
of the great western and noithem States vainly
imagine themselves safe. Their domestic insti-
tutions, State laws, and State constitutions, under
the dark shadow of this proclamation, may like-
wise perish and pass away. No State can be safe
with such a power suspended over it. It is strange
the President should pieface thealaiming portion
of his proclamation with the declination —
That hereafter, as heretofore, th>* uaruill be prose.cutcd
for the ot-ji'ct of praclu ulhy 1 citoi the < ow-til,/tional 1 edi-
tions hetfeen the United States and the people thereof, in
which States that relation k or mi'y be <.u*pcndcu or disturbed."'
Sir, that declaration can deceive no one save its
! author, and it is hard to see how even he could
i be misled by it. How is it possible to restore the
| distmbed relations of the States to hatmony u>
i the Union formed by the Constitution, by abol-
: isiung t hen domestic ins unit ion-', ubi orating then
' State jaws and Slate constitutions, and thus sub-
' verting and destroying th< so vci y relations3 If the
; docia ines of the pi <>el r.ir1 Hon n iv earned out, it H
i utterly impossible that the Union ever can be re-
1 stored. The only Union known to the Constitu-
tion is a Union of coequal States, each having its
own constitution and laws, and the sovereign and
j| exclusive con ti ol of all ^institutions and domes-
tic concerns. But the Union shadowf d foi ih ni
! the pioc'amution isaUuton foiccd by the sword,
composed of people stupped of the ught of seif-
"•ov't rnrnent; th< n domestic institutions, b w and
1 constitution^ all swallowed up and lost in a ft ight-
'■ ful despot! <m. So, the proclamation, coming as
ti it does from the Chief Magistrate of this nalion,
:> is the strongest disunion document ever issued 111
this country. No secession ordinance e\er aimed
a moie fatal blow at the Constitution and the
Union, Bold, daring, and desperately leclJess
must he the man who can hold up and sustain this
proclamation, when he sees it opens at his very
feet the yawning gulf of national dissolution a ti
ruin.
But, sir, the means to be employed are, if pos-
sible, more detestable than the end to be gained
by the pioclamation. Tiie power of the Army
and Navy is pledged to maintain the freedom of
the slaves. Nay, sir, the slaves are told that the
Army and Navy willnotonly maintain their free-
dom, but ilwiU do no act or acts to repress them, or
any of them, in any efforts they may make for their
actual freedom." Sir, the painful fact cannot bo
disguised, though humanity may blush to own it,
that here is a direct invitation, or at least the
stiongest possible incitement held out to the slaves
to rush wildly and madly into all the bloody hor-
rors of servile insurrection. Liberty is held out to
them as the price of the blood they may shed.
And the Army is to sanction and encourage all
this. Yes, sir, though the midnight hour may be
lighted up with the icd glare of burning dwellings
—though the cries and shrieks of murdered and
dying; women and children may rend the air—still
the Aimy is to stand by and see ail this, but "do
110 act to repress," restrain, or check the savage riof
in blood. That noble army of patriots, brought
together under the pledge, solemnly given and re-
corded in this House, that they were to be em-
ployed ordy " to defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Consulu tion, and to presei ve the Union
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the
several States unimpaired," are a hereafter,"not
as ({ heretofore," to be employed in a war to main-
tain the freedom of millions of slaves. They are
to be betrayed into a war against the supremacy of
the Constitution—a war to ovei thiow State rights
and State constitutions, and destroy the Union.
|| Mr. Chairman, the Constitution guards the
i! pioperty of the citizen in the same way that it
|] guaids Ins liberty or his life. The language of
1' the Constitution is that no person 11 shall be de-
pi ired of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of laio." But, sir, when an absolute and des-
potic power is assumed over all the slave prop-
erty of whole States and communities, without
any regard to the guilt or innocence, loyalty or
disloyalty of the owner—sweepingaway, in thou-
sands of instances, ftomloyal citizens, from aged
men and women, and from helpless infants, all
the property they have,and reducing them to beg-
gary and want; and when all this is. done without
any pi ocess of law at all, the citizen would naturally
conclude, however loyal and upright he might
be, that his own person.d libet ty was no longer
safe. And, sir, ho could have remained in doubt
or suspense on that question only two days; for
the most abundant and conclusive evidence of the
correctness of such a conclusion was furnished
by the President, 111 his second proclamation, on
the 24th day of September, 1862. This procla-
mation is aimed against the liberty ofthe citizen.
Itpioclaims martial law oveiywhere throughout
the United States. It declares,that all per-
sons discouiaging volunteer enlistments, resisting
mihna drafts, or guilty of any disloyal practice,
ii shall be subject tu muitial law, and liable to trial
and punishment by court-martial or military coin-
mission " And, second—
'• That the wi it of hahe.as corpus h suspended In respcct
to all pei^on^ Hire-led, 01 who <10* now. or hereafter, dur-
tnir the rebellion, bird! be nnpiisoned in any foil, camp,
aivenal, nuhtai\ prt-ori. or oilier place of confinement, hv
any nnlUaiy authonty. 01 t>v the .sentence ofanyeouit-
■ martial oi military eonmw*-&ion "
j Now, what are the safeguards provided by the
1 Constitution to protect the liberty of the citizen?
; They aie such as these: That the light of thepeo-
1 pic io be secureinthcir pe> sons against unreasonable
\ seizures shall not be violated; that not even a war-
\ rant for the arrest of a person shall issue, bid upon
\ probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and
\ particularly describing the pe>son to be seized; that
! (except in case* arising in the laud or naval forces,
oi in the militia iilwn in actual service in time of
war or public danger) no person shall be held to an-
\ swerfur a capital or otherwise Infamous crime, unless
' on a firciealment or i ndictmenl of a grand jury; that
in all crimlr.ul prosecutions the accused shall be m-
formed of the natuye and cause of the accusation
against him, and enjoy the right to a speedy and pub-
lic trial, by an impartial jv/y of the State and district
\ wherein the crime shall have been committed; and
\ that no person shall be deprived oj liberty without due
process of laic. _ .
i These important provisions of the Constitution
