THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the part that I have acted here in my humble
sphere for six years past.
These remarks may not be very applicable to
the biii before the Senate, but the debate seems
to have taken a very wide range, and I am pro-
posing not so much to speak to the bill itself as
to reply to the remarks of my honorable colleague
in regard to the position of Maryland. As to the
bill itself, I look upon it as odious and despotic.
It goes further to subjugate the people of a free
country than any I have ever read of in history
or known in the present day. I do not choose
to interpose factious opposition to it, though I
have been called upon by gentlemen on this side of
the Chamber to interpose objections and to speak
upon it.
Mr. President, I think you understand me when
I say that I have no heart in this contest. I speak
to-night as a stricken-down man, without either
hope or prospect for the future. Under the legis-
lation which has marked this Congress for the
last two months—a regular organized catalogue,
if I may be allowed to call it so, of laws to main-
tain a purpose and a policy—you will do nothing
to restore a fraternal Union. I am sorry to have
been compelled to utter one word to-night. I had
hoped to go from this Chamber in a few days
hence with the record I had made, misunderstood
perhaps, misrepresented I know it has been, for
a purpose, here and elsewhere. I shall leave here,
as I entered this body, a guardian of the Consti-
tution, sworn to support it, my motives and my
conduct misunderstood and perverted because I
have not bowed to the behests of power. A ma-
jority may dictate terms to the Congress of the
country; they may claim the right to proclaim the
law of the land, and to brand all those who op-
pose them as traitors in disguise. I have ttdcen
a solemn oath at that desk, as you, sir, and ail
other Senators have done, to maintain and uphold
the Constitution of the country. 1 introduce into
my exposition of the Constitution no 41 higher-
law" views, no new-fangled doctrines of to-day;
but I stand in all sincerity and truth before my
God and before my country to maintain the Con-
stitution as it lias been interpreted for seventy
years. 1 interpose no individual views against the
received opinion of law, of justice, and of truth
in the enforcement of that high obligation.
All this may be somewhat foreign to the point
to which I rose. I did not design to make a pro-
longed speech. I have been rather led on by the
remarks of my colleague. The world has given
him great credit for high patriotism and honor and
his bold defiance of all the encroachments that
may have been threatened by the men m rebellion.
I think my colleague will do me the credit to say
that ! have been at least as Itttle in accord with the
sentiment of assault upon him as any other op-
poser lie ever had. I have never believed that such
charges as were made against him were justified
by his acts, though 1 may not have approved of
them all. If my friend and colleague had ever done
me the honor to confer with me as to his line of
conduct on critical questions while he held the
gubernatoi ial chair of my State, I might have been
justified, perhaps, in expressing a doubtas to the
wisdom of his course in all respects, but 1 was not
so honored. I took occasion once, in justification
of my former colleague, a deceased and venerated
colleague, to say that we felt ourselves somewhat
aggrieved when we were called upon to act in ac-
cordance with the Executive of ourState, my pres-
ent colleague, that he had not conferred with us.
I beg not to be misundeistood. I mention this
with no desire to reproach my colleague. I think
he knows me too well to suppose that I feel dis-
posed to make a point or go into a quarrel with him
upon the position of the State of Maryland. I beg
him to consider, however, what was the condition
of our State before this rebellion occurred.
We were a connecting; link between the North
and the South. We stood m that little State with
only ten thousand square miles of territory, with i
the third commercial city of the Union within our i
limits, exchanging through that city from fifty to !
sixty millions of northern manufactured goods for \
the produce of the South. We had a line of rail- i
road that ran three hundred miles upon a direct line j
through Virginia, and with its tributary branches i
making five hundred miles, constructed at a cost 1
of $37,000,000 to the people of Maryland, inde- i
pendent of $20,000,000 sunk by the people of j
Maryland in thi* District. That little State, with
less than five hundred and fifty thousand white
people, contracted a debt of $60,000,000 for the
development of her wealth, and to bring to her
commercial center the commerce not only of the
South but of the far West. Her people were linked
together, bound by every tie of kindred, interest,
association,and education, with the peopleacross
the Potomac. With a population in the whole at
no time up to to-day amounting to over seven
hundred and ten thousand, and witha black pop-
ulation of one fourth the whole number, more than
one hundred and seventy thousand to-day, we have
done these wonders, and they are wonders when
you consider that, at one period of our existence,
we had to repudiate the interest upon our public
debt. I challenge even the great Empire State of
New York or any other State to show that they
have ever encountered greater disadvantages or
have accomplished more than has our little State.
Her bonds to-day are worth 124. Will gentlemen
tell me that'we are not to suffer by this war, that
with a white population of notoverfive hundred
and fifty thousand, not so large as the population
of Philadelphia or NewYork city, we are not to
suffer by the schemes that are being brought up
here for the emancipation of slaves, with no idea
of deportation? I availed myself of a former occa-
sion to show how we stood in regard to this great
question of emancipation, which seems to be the
overwhelming and absorbing one of to-day.
Some time since the border-State representa-
tives—[ was not included in the invitation—were
asked to a consultation at the White House in re-
gard to the emancipation of slaves m the border
States. I was not consulted, nor honored so highly
as to be invited to that conference. Whether 1
had ever committed any act or done anything to
bring down Executive disfavor upon me I do not
know or care. When the question was submit-
ted to mc by the gentlemen who had gone there,
1 entered my dissent; and I say here now, once
for all, that whenever you introduce that ques-
tion into the State of Maryland you introduce
revolution. From this statement I do not think
my colleague will dissent. Out of the total pop-
ulation of 710,000, we have 83,000 free negroes
and 87,000 slaves. I understand there is a bill
pending in thcother House, with gratuitous kind-
ness to us, offering, in great generosity, §10,000,000
for our property in 87,000 slaves, now reduced
to nothing by the action of this Congress; for I
hold that the Thirty-Seventh Congress have as-
sumed to themselves to destroy the value of that
branch of our property. 1 took occasion to say,
in a humble and quiet protest which I made here,
that, in view of the action of Congress, I regarded
the institution of slavery as doomed in my State.
Sir, it was a predetermined result on the part of
gentlemen who controlled the majority here, and
they need not now rise in their places and affect
to be very much shocked when we enter our dis-
sent or our protest. They have gone further, and
I have heard upon this floor the remark made that
all those who dissent from the general policy
which has been attempted to be earned out under
the war power were either traitois or semi-trai-
tors. It would be indecorous in me to express in
the language tliat I think that sentiment deserves
the contempt I have for the persons using it. 1
have been here now within a few days of six years,
and I have never knowingly violated a rule of
order. While! have been mostgrossly exasper-
ated and aggrieved at times, I have refrained in
this Chamber, except in a proper way, from ever
huiling back an insinuation or an insult on my-
self. In going out of the Senate I shall utter no
complaint, except as to the general policy that I
have been culled on to oppose. I have no expla-
nation to give for the record I have made. I glory
in and I am proud of that record; and that is, per-
mit me to say to you, Mr. President, in utter and
entire opposition to the doctrines of the Republi-
can party. I think, when the proceedings of this
Congress shall have been read, it will not appear
upon the record anywhere that I have ever tran-
scended the bounds of decorum or propriety or
order.
J repeat, however—may I not be allowed to say
it in all decorum—that 1 consider the doctrines
that now obtain here, and that prevail with the
party who rule the Government, as utterly de-
structive of the last remnant of the forms of this
Government if they are carried out. if this pol-
• icy ^liall be persevered m, I have neither hope nor
belief that wc can ever maintain ourselves as a
free people. The Constitution has been putaside
and set at naught. I do not recollect a single
measure which you have brought into this Senate
Chamber that relates to the great national ques-
tions of the day which does not infringe or violate
the Constitution of the United States. Standing
as I do upon a national platform to maintain the
Constitution, and loyal to the death upon that
platform, regarding the Constitution as thegreatest
emanation from the wisdom and genius of patri-
otic men the world has ever seen, I shall be the last
man, as long as I hold a place here or elsewhere,
ever to depart from it. Because 1 have stood upon
that platform, the world and a venal press, either
for personal or party purposes or interested ob-
jects, have assailed me, and have endeavored to
cast me among the traitors of the land, or, to use
tiie flash language of the Senate, among the semi-
tiaitors, or those who do not adopt and accept the
policy of the majority here.
Mr. President, as this debate has taken a very
wide range, I trust I may be pardoned foralluding
to another topic before I close. 1 had not the
slightest idea of rising in my place and making
a remark, until my colleague alluded to the pros-
perity of our State. I make these remarks in no
reproach to him. I think that in his honest en-
deavors to preserve the peace he has acted in ac-
cordance with his own best judgment. With that
I did not and do not find cause of quarrel. He
has always received my support, humble though
it may be. I have never opposed him cither in
debate or in council or by action anywhere.
He speaks to-day of the renewed prosperity of
ourState and ofthecity of Baltimore. Sir, what has
become of thatgreat trade that lay south of us ? In
1860 the trade of the city of Baltimore, according
to the report of her chartered Board of Trade,
amounted to §168,000,000; §36,000,000 over her
great railroad line to the West, and §100,000,000
directly to the South and Southwest. Sir, do you
not know, does not the Senate know, that by this
war that trade is stopped? That city stood be-
tween the far North and the far South, the agent
to interchange commodities. It is not likely to
become favored by Government patronage, for it
is under the ban of suspicion. It has been pro-
nounced by honorable Senators, here and else-
where, disloyal, because a mob arose there, and
there was some interruption to the passage of
troopsforoneday. The State has made full atone-
ment for that by making payments to those who
were wounded, and the relatives of those who
were killed. My honorable colleague, who was
then the Executive of the State, repudiated the
insult, and announced that the State was willing
to make every atonement possible, as I believe
she has been.
It is unjust to say that we feel no wrong under
the legislation here. The institution of slavery
has been stricken down in my State. When, on
a former occasion, I foreshadowed the troubles
that would arise, and predicted that the institu-
tion was doomed, an amount of property valued
before that time at from sixty to seventy million
dollars in our State, I was rebuked by Senators
on the other side. When gentlemen now rise up
and ask me what slavery is worth there to-day,
I am frank to say, nothing at all. How so, sir?
By your action, and by nothing else. Let alone
to its natural causes, it would have worked its
own legitimate cure. I see by the proceedings of
the other branch of this Congress that a bill is
pending there appropriating §10,000,000 for the
emancipation of slaves in Maryland. Sir, 1 own
none. I have been a slave-owner, and I have set
mine free; but my advice to my people is to spit
upon your insult of §10,000,000. It shall be my
voice, so help me God, in my State when you pre-
sent your bill to her. Assume to interfere with
the rights of property in the State; attempt to turn
loose, in addition to the horde of vagrants we have
now, more of these uneducated, untrained, semi-
barbarians to compete with the free white citizens
of the land who are struggling in that small com-
munity for their daily bread, and to compete with
them in the rights of citizenship, under the doc-
trine which has been advocated, that when free
they are citizens, and this Government is bound
to protect them in their rights, and you will raise
an insurrection in my State which it will cost you
millions to suppress.
Would to God, sir, that I had the power to in-
