1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
flict the punishment which they deserve upon
some of these people who are urging and advo-
cating this matter. It would be that close and
equal contact which they know nothing of, and
which they seek to inflict upon us. I have heard
much of the philanthropy and of the generosity
of the people who are remote from this institu-
tion, which is with us. They are a class of peo-
ple who, when they come into my State, I should
rejoice to see consigned to close contact with those
whom they want to have made their own equals,
not mine. I want no philanthropist to come and
tell me how to treat these people. I mean that
no canting hypocrite, with his lectures upon phi-
lanthropy, shall come into my State and, profess-
ing to be the friend of that race, preach the doc-
trine of equality with them. Whenever the day
comes that we abolish the institution, 1 say, take
them off; take them away from us; and all who
are dependent on me will go with a God's bless-
ing, and with the means to reach the point that
may be selected for them. Let them go to those
who are fit only to be near of kin; who are base
in heart, unchristian, and dcceitful in the objects
for which they-are working.
I entirely dissent from my colleague as to the
general prosperity of our State now compared
with what it was two years ago. I think we are
not only as bad as we were then, but weare likely
to grow very much worse. We are overburdened
with taxation. I see no hope of trade. I do not
know where it is to come from. Whatever the
result of this war may be, we are in a very bad
way. If we go North we may as well rent out
the streets of the city of Baltimore for sheep pas-
tures. If we go South, we do not know where
we are to sell to. There never has been on the
face of the earth or the map of the world a town
that is so situated between ruin on the one side
and on the other as is our commercial mart; and
it contains half or nearly half the population of
our entire State. We have grown in that State
twenty-two millions of agricultural products a
year. Two and a half millions of that has been
tobacco. We make forty-five millions of manu-
factured articles. About two and a half millions
of the grain produced is consumed by the people,
the consumers of agricultural produce, who eat
up and consume really about seventeen millions
of the agricultural products of my State. I will
offer a premium here in this Senate Chamber and
before the country, to any man who will show
five millions of manufactured products of that
State that have ever gone into a free State of the
Union. We are lying below the line of the great
manufacturing States. Our market has all been
below us, has been south of us. To the north
we have the State of Pennsylvania, which over-
lies us for two hundred miles. We certainly can-
not sell any manufactured product of ours there;
while our border trade shows fifty millions of
northern manufactured goods brought into our
Towns for sale.
If the Potomac is to be the dividing line, I want
to know where are our mechanics to go ? What
then becomes of our wheat and our com grower?
When you bieak up these manufacturing shops of
our State, what becomes of the little State stand-
ing at the tail end? Better, far better, to accept
the proposition made by the Secretary of War,
to break up State lines and divide Maryland out
into the adjacent States, than leave her in such
a condition. Hypocrisy, deceit, and politics seem
to have combined and conspired to break down
the interests of the State of which my honorable
colleague has been the executive head. He has
fuli faith that the war and the measures of war to
restore the Union will bring it back to its pristine
glory. 1 trust that the scales may fall from his
eyes before long. I trust that he may come to see
it in a new light. 1 shall rejoice with him if he
shall prove to be correct. All that I have, all that
I am, and all that 1 hope to be, are bound up in
the State; a State that has honored me far beyond
my deserts in sending me here; a State to which
I shall go back, to revere and stand by her. What-
ever may be her fate in this wreck, I shall stand
by her destinies. When the Constitution has been
despoiled and this Government has fallen, what-
ever that people may elect for themselves, with a
loyal heart, in a loyal spirit, and with the full
voice of my manhood, I will maintain.
I have no reason in the world to doubt the in-
tegrity of my colleague's heart or Ifts purpose m
the course he has taken. I trust that I may have
the same indulgence extended to me. I know that
in this Senate that is asking a great deal. It has
come to be the fashion that one in a minority who
does not accord with the views of a majority is
either placed under the surveillance of a detective
or the bold open assaults and denunciations of a
venal press. Sir, I go out of this Senate Chamber
to seek retiracy in my own State, and feeling that
your whole policy is subversive of the forms of
government and of the rights of citizenship as
well as of the States. I shall bow my neck to the
yoke. I shall counsel no words of opposition; I
shall take no steps against the execution of your
bill. My only prayer is that God will prosper
you to a right adjudication of this great and com-
plex question. My own honest and sincere con-
viction is that there never has been a policy so
calculated to produce revolt in the loyal States,
and thus to break down and forever preventare-
construction or a reunion of these States.
I know and do not speculate upon the feelings
of the people of the South. I have been a rep-
resentative of those people for twelve or thirteen
years of my life. 1 know the men to-day who are
there now united in one policy, who stood here up
to the 4th of March, 1861, and with them I advo-
cated peace, devotion to the Union, and 1 uttered
open, bitter, bold denunciations of the doctrine of
secession, to which I have always been opposed.
I have no heart for those who madly left these
seats. It was unjust and ungenerous, to say the
least of it, apart from the turpitude of the crime,
to leave the men on the northern side of the line,
who had stood up and advocated their rights. I
was a southern man; I lived in the South; I fought
for and advocated the doctrines of the old Wing
party in the South. Then 1 was denounced as an
abolitionist; I am now called a traitor. A few
years ago I was a "Union saver." Four short
years ago one of the epithets passed upon me and
the party with whom I was acting was that we were
doughfaced Union savers. To-tlay, for the main-
tenance of these same views, I am characterized
as a scmi-tiaitor, or, at least, in sympathy with
the rebellion. Sir, I shall make no reply to such
epithets, llcspect for the place that 1 hold here,
and a regard for that gentlemanly bearing and
courtesy that belongs, or ought to belong at least,
to every Senator in his intercoure and in debate,
forbid that I should make any personal remarks
or animadvert upon the course of any Senator
here. I go out of this Chamber, I trust, with the
kindly regard, at least, of Senators on the other
side of the Chamber, however much we have dif-
fered on political questions. I say to gentlemen
on that side that lam opposed toto ccelo, in every-
thing that pertains to the restoration of this Union,
to the policy adopted by the present Administra-
tion.
I hope I shall be pardoned for saying a few
short words on another topic. It is known here,
it is known to the country, that 1 sincerely and
honestly entertained views opposed to the doc-
trine of coercion. I did oppose it. When in his
seat the gallant Douglas rose and said that co-
ercion was eternal disunion, inevitable and for-
ever, I went to him .then and struck hands with
him upon that point, and have stood upon those
sentiments ever since. It may be that, under cer-
tain circumstances, Douglas, in after life, may
have said, when a contingency arose, he was will-
ing to carry on a war; but it is very doubtful
whether he would have carried on a war as weare
doing to-day; for it has been well said that success
to our arms may be ruin to us.
Mr. Ptesident, I will seek the conclusion of this
war through any avenue of peace; and when I
say that I am justified by men now high in power,
who said it was a great mistake that we did not
let the cotton States go. That sentiment was
maintained by many gentlemen who now ioudly
utter the wai-cry, who are high in power and
place, who are letting loose the dogs of war. Sir,
does it not become us now, after two years of ex-
perience, calmly here in our places, honestly and
frankly before the world, to admit that ithasnot
been a sixty days aftaii? We were told that this
Union was to be restored within sixty days, and
we were to have a greater rebound of prosperity
than the woi Id has ever yet seen. I am constrained
to come to the conclusion that the darkest abyss
of ruin, universal anarchy, and all the horrors that
may come from civil war—blood, murder, sever- i
ance of social feelings, ties, communities, socie-
ties, States—are all to come upon us in this
storm that is impending over us.
When we talk about raising men and money,
how is the money to be paid, and where are you
to get the men? Is not that a consideration wor-
thy to be entertained? Who is to pay this debt
hereafter? Do Senators and the country think or
reflect that the persons who are to pay it are to be,
in great part, those emigrating from a foreign land,
with no sympathy in this cause, no interest in
this particular fight? This debt is to be entailed
upon those who come after us. Is it expected that
any of us who stand here to-night will ever see
this debt liquidated in our day? The debt you
are creating is to be paid by those yet unborn,
and by those who arc to come into the land, who,
judging from the past, will control the destinies
of the country in the future. Is it not a theme
worthy to be considered, that we are here in an
embryo state, in the beginning of a revolution that
perchance may last for years? My own opinion
is that it cannot last long; but whateverits length
may be, it will take a century to move away the
debris of the wreck.
Mr. President, in concluding these very de-
sultory remarks, I desire to say, in all kindness,
in all sincerity, in all frankness, that I have no
faith in the remedy proposed for the restoration
of the Union. I have no confidence in the course
of policy that is pursued with that object. My
votes stand on the record against the policy that
has been universally adopted by the dominant
party in this contest. I could not give my sanc-
tion to it conscientiously. I have endeavored to
represent my little State faithfully. I stand here
to-night under the solemn obligation I have taken
at your desk to be loyal to the Constitution, loyal
to the laws of the land, loyal to the forms of gov-
ernment; and, so help me God, I would rather die
than give them up. Dictation may come from
Piesident and party; but, sir, I regard my place
on this floor, a Senator under oath, appointed as
a guardian for the Constitution; and with every
desire to sustain the forms of government, and to
bring this country back to its former position, I
think you have been wrong. I feel, in my con-
science, that you are wrong in the policy that you
have adopted to bring back the seceded States.
It is only necessary to refer to your legislation,
your oaths, your tests, and then ask honorable
gentlemen if they expect to reunite these States,
and have them represented here, unless they mean
to carry out the more ruthless policy of subjuga-
tion and extermination, and people those States
anew and bring a new class of men here ready to
subscribe any oath you may require of them, and
backcd by a standing army of five hundred thou-
sand men to keep them in subjection.
I shall not enter into the argument on the bill
before the Senate, because it has been so much
more ably discussed by the learned and constitu-
tional men who have preceded me, than I could
picsentit here to-night. It is a foregone conclu-
sion; the fiat has gone forth; the edict is regis-
tered; the laws of the dominant party are to pre-
vail. We of the minority are to stand here ask-
ing for the crumbs of favor that we may preserve
the rights of our own States and our own people,
or that we may be respected as States. I am not
so subservient; and God grant that I may have the
strength and power to resist, even in the direst
extremity, before I yield my honest judgment to
the behests or the dictates of a party that may
seek, in carrying outa policy, to override the Con-
stitution and the laws of the Government, and to
cast under foot all the dearest rights and liberties
with which men have ever been blessed.
I hear a vast deal said of the power and the force
of this country. It is a country of great resources,
of great powers, as has been shown; but whether
that power can maintain itself in such a civil war,
with one section against the other, dividing in-
terests, dividing trade, dividing commerce, the
breaking up of all the avenues of prosperity and
all those great interests by which men have grown
happy and prosperous and enjoyed the blessings
of this world, is to me a subject of extreme doubt.
Weare nearer the end than most people may think.
I am prepared to meet the shock. I have sat by
the sick-bed too long to believe that the disease
is not so deep-rooted that it must end in the death
of the patient we are trying to save.
Mr. HICKS. I desire to say another word in
