438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 22,
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Blair, was detainedfronx the House by sick-
ness. *
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Dunn, has gone home for his dinner.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. My colleague, Mr. Hard-
ing, has not voted. He was in feeble health, aud
left the Hall.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. How would he
have voted had he been here?
Mr. MALLORY. Hewouldhavevoted<(no."
[Laughter.]
So the House (at ten minutes past five o'clock,
p.m.,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 22, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the creden-
tials of Hon. David Turpie, elected a Senator
by the Legislature of the State of Indiana, to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the expulsion of Hon.
Jesse D. Bright. The credentials were read, and
the oath prescribed by law was administered to
Mr. Turpie, and he took his sent in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Intci ior, trans-
mitting a communication of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, relative to outstanding liabilities
for the Indian service in Oregon and the Territory
of Washington, and recommending that the un-
expended balances of appropriations for other
branches of the Indian service be applied to the
paymeutof the said liabilities; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, piayingfora renewal of the pa-
tent for the ball-proof or iron-clad vessels to the
widow of Thomas Gregg, the original inventor,
and compensation to the said widow for sacrifices
made by her late husband m mukingexpeiiments
in testing the said invention; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, praying that the route of the Pacific
railroad may be confined to th£ south banltof the
Kansas river, as far west as the city ofLawrcnce;
which whs referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad.
He also presented two petitions of officers and
members of the Independent Order of Good Temp-
lars of Pennsylvania; and two petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for a modification
of the act of Juno 26, 1848, so as to provide for
the examination of imported liquors in regard to
their purity and fitness for use; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Rosa
Renshaw and Caroline T. Rcnshaw, daughters or
the late Commodore James Renshaw, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
PAPERS "H'lTIIDIUWN AND KEFJGRttKD.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition ami papers? of Ann M. Itobias y
Robalds, on the files of the Senate, he referied to the Com
mittee on Military Afiairs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. MOllRILL, it was j
Ordered, That the petition ami accompanving papers of j
Kobert A. VVainwright be withdiau n nom the flies of the 1
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims. 1
BEPOUTS FROM COMMITTEES. !
Mr. CHANDLER, iiom the Committee on j
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition of!
A. J. Richardson, leported a bill (S. No. 476) to i
authorize the issue of a register to the steam ves- j
sel Blue Bonnet, formerly a British colonial ves-
sel, and to change her name from Blue Bonnet to
Peconic; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Iowa, pray-
ing for a modification of the act of June 26,1848,
relative to the examination of imported liquors,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of A. G. Benson, pray-
ing for an act of non-intercourse with all coun-
tries that admit rebel yessels into their ports, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 418) for the removal of the Sisseton, Wah-
paton, Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota bands
of Sioux Indians, and for the disposition of their
reservations in Minnesota and Dakota, reported
it with amendments.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the bill (S. No.
287) supplementary to an act for the examination
of drugs, medicines, &c., approved the 26th day
of June, 1848, was i ccommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
OFFICERS ABSKNT ON LEAVE.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia bo instinoted to iuriuxie into the expediency of ic-
(juiiiii? a monthly publication of nil offieei* in the regular
or volunteer service who aie absent on leave, with the date
of the original leave, of absence, the renewal or renewals
of such leave, the ieas-on assigned in each ca*e. and the
officer or officers on whose recommendation and by wlioj>e
authouty it has been rendered.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 123) to expedite the printing of the Pres-
ident's message and accompanying documents;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ethemdge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. It. No. 695) to pro-
vide for rh(j appointment of a Deputy Register in
the Treasury Department, and for other purposes,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 611) making appropriations for
the support of the Militar}y\cademy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1864.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House ofllepresentativcs had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. II. No. 611) ma king appropriations
for ihe suppoitof the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of Juno, 1864; and it was
theieupon signed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILL REFEKUKD.
The bill (II. R. No. 695) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a Deputy Rt*gjSter in the Treasury
Department, and (or other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
LEAGUE ISLAND.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask th e unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce the following joint res-
olution, without previous notice; and ""if there be
no objection, I ask that it may be considered at
the present time.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A joint resolution (S. No. 1*24) relatmgto League Island.
Resolved, «SJ c , That the Secietaryofthe Navy be, and lie
hereby is, directed not to icceive arid accept* the title to
League Inland, near Piwladelphia, unless Congress shall
otherwise direct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the introduction of this joint resolution?
The Chair hems none.
The joint resolution was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask its consideration now.5
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir; unless it is ob-
jected to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider the
resolution at the present time.
Mr. COWAN. I object.
Mr. GRIMES. I prefer that it should lie on
the table, or take its oidinary course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on the
Calendar if there be no motion to commit.
Mr. CO WAN. I move to refer the joint res-
olution to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT That reference will
be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. FOSTER. I object to that reference. I
think it is wholly unnecessary, and I can state
the reasons m a moment. At the last session of
Congress, an act was passed—the act of the 15th
of July, 1862—in which it was provided—
"That the Secretary of the Navy be, and lie hereby,
authorized to receive and accept from the city authouries
of the city of Philadelphia the title to League Maud, in the
Delaware river, together with the maish east of and adja-
cent thereto, within the first waul of the said eitv of Phil-
adelphia, together with all np-.tnan rights aud puvileges-
thcieunto belonging and appei tinning, to be u>ed for naval
purpose's bv the Government of the United Slates: Pro-
vided, That said title < hall not be accepted and leceived
unless the same shall be perfect and indefeasible to the
whole it-land to Jow-water maik ; 1101 if, upon more thor-
ough examination and stuvey of the promises, by a com-
petent boaid of officers to be bv him appointed, he shall
discover that the public interests will not be promoted by
acquiring the title as al'oic&aid
•£ Sfc. -2. Jhid be it further enacted, That the board of offi-
cers to be appointed by the Secretaiy of the Navy accoid-
ing to the provisions of the fir^t -section of this act, shall,
before pioei c-ding to any decision of the qu'Miou heieiti-
before icfeired to them, make a sutvey and examination of
the harbor ot New London, Connecticut, and its Minound-
ing«, with icferenee to it* capacity and fiines? for a naval
depot and navy-yaid, and whethei the public inteies-ts will
not be piomoted by establishing a naval depot and navy-
yard m or near.^aid harbor ot New London instead ot League
"{gland; and that they alr-o make the ^anje investigation in
regaid to the waters of Naiiiigansett bay."
Under that act, Mr. President, the Secretary
appointed a board of officers, and that board pro-
ceeded to discharge the duties assigned to them
under that act. They made their report, and that
report is before the Senate. It appears that after
the examination thus made under that act, that
board of officers reported that the public interests
would be best promoted, not by acquiring the title
to League Island, as the first section of the bill
contemplated, but by acquitmg title and establish-
ing a navy-yard and depot at New London insteud
of League Island. Notwithstanding that act of
Congress, and notwithstanding that repoit of the
board of officers, the Secretary intimates—indeed,
more than intimates; he directly informs Con-
gress—that unless Congress shall direct him oth-
erwise, he shall proceed to accept and receive the
title to League Island for the purposes of a naval
depot and naval station, notwithstanding this de-
cision of his board of officers against the expedi-
ency of so doing.
It seems to me, therefore, that any reference of
the subject to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
would be entirely unnecessary. I do not doubt
that that committee is most competent to investi-
gate any question, and certainly make no impli-
cation to the contrary, because I know well ihe
ability and the industry of the committee; hut the
whole subjcct having been passed upon by a board
of officers appointed by the Secretary to report,
and that report being before the Senate, and the
Secietary stili peisistmg m his design to acquire
this island against the report of the commission,
I thought it necessary to introduce this resolution,
not to authorize anything to be done, not to au-
thorize a dollar to be taken from the Treasury,
but to prevent the acquisition of title to property
which a competent board of officers has decided
not to be expedient. It is necessary, because as
I suggested, the Secretary says, that unless oth-
erwise directed by Congress, lie shall proceed to
acquire the title to the premises.
These, sir, are the reasons for the introduction
of this resolution, and these reasons are abund-
antly sufficient to enable the Senate to act directly
on the question without its leferenceto the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; for all that they could in-
form us has certainly already been brought before
the Senate by the repoit ot the board of officers
appointed by the Secretary under the act of the
last session; and that report, as I have before sug-
gested, is on the tables of Senators,
Mr. COWAN. By the action of Congress at
the last session the Secretary was authorized to
accept the title to League Island. It ug true it pro-
vided for this board of commissioners to make a
survey and report, but it was still left optional
afterward with the Secretary as to whether he
should promote the public interest by accepting
