1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
the title. J understand that he is in favor of accept-
ing it. In order to prevent that, in order to prevent
the legitimate action of Congress and of the Sec-
tary together, this resolution is introduced. I
trunk, sir, it should be referred to the appropriate
committee. They may be unable, as well as the
Secretary, to discover any reasons why the Gov-
ernment should reject the offer of League Island,
and ieport upon it accordingly. I hope that refer-
ence will be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is on
the motion to refer this joint resolution to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COWAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HALE (when his name was called) said,
I vote " nay ;" but 1 should like to explain the
reason for my vote.
The result was then announced—yeas 12, nays
2o; as follows:
YEAS—Catlilc, Collamer, Cowan. Doolittle,
Riiincs. [-laidma, Iiarn>, Kennedy, Powell, Wall, Wilmot,
and Wilson ot —12.
NAYii--Anthmn, Amokl, Browning, Chandler,
Clink, Havi-, Divon, root, Foster, Half, Harlan, Howard,
Laneot' Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Moirill, I'oincroy. Rice,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Turpie, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—2.">.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa it was understood objected to the consider-
ation of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must go
on the Calendar, the Senate refusing to commit it.
Mr. HALE. Is it not too hue to object after a
vote has been taken on it?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion was received by the unanimous consent of the
Senate; it was twice read; the question then was
on giving- the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider it. The Senator from Iowa objected.
A motion was then made to refer it, and that
motion lias failed.
Mr. POSTER. I ask whether the motion to
commit does not involve the consideration of the
resolution so as to avoid the objection of its con-
sideration to-dav?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the im-
pression of the Chair, that being the usual method
of disposing of a bill introduced on leave. That
is the parliamentary method of disposing of it.
Mr. HALE. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
whiclt the Senate refused to commit it; and on
that motion I desire to say that I voted with those
who voted against the reference, in doing ho, I
voted against my own individual judgment m
deference to those who had charge of th<> resolu-
tion. My own opinion was that that was the
proper reference; hut as the friends of the meas-
ure thought it better that it should take a different
course, 1 voted with them. Having made that
explanation, I withdraw the motion to reconsider.
NAVAL GUADES.
Mr. HALE. If the morning business is through,
1 want to call up a short bill. I move to postpone
all prior orders and take up the bill (S. No. 424)
to amend the act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
States Navy,*5 approved July 10, J6U2.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. Il directs the Secteiary of thcNavy
to order a eouit of inquiry, which shall be open,
whose duty it shall be to carefully scrutini7e the 1
mental, moral, physical, and professional qualifi-
cations of the line officers of the United States :
Navy who were not recommended as woithy of
further promotion by the advisory board appointed
under the act of Congress approved July 16,1862,
to establish and equalize the grades of line offi-
cers of the Navy: which court of inquiry is to be
composed of officers, other that those on the ad-
visory board, senior to those to be passed upon,
and governed by the laws which now govern
courts of inquuy, except as may by this enact-
ment be otherwise provided.
The court of inquiry which .shall be thus or-
dered is to report m writing, with a full statement
of the facts in each case, whether the officer be-
fore them has the necessary qualifications to per-
form efficiently, both at sea and on shore, all the
duties of the giade to which he would have been
promoted, according to seniority, or have been
entitled to he promoted accoiding to naval usage,
in case of vacancy, had he been recommended for
further promotion with the officers of his rank and
date by the ad\isory board. The finding of the
court is to be submitted to the President of the
United States in each and every case for his ap-
proval; and if approved by him in the case of an
officer who would have been promoted to a higher
grade had he been recommended for promotion,
such officer may be nominated to the Senate for
promotion, or appointed during the recess of the
Senate, to the grade to which the finding of the
court of inquiry shall assign him, accoiding to
seniority; and in the case of an officer who could
not have been promoted according to rank and
usage had be been recommended for further pro-
motion by the advisory board, the finding of the
court, if-approvcd by the Piesident, is to remove
all disability incurred by the action of the advisory
board, resiore him to all the rights of his grade,
i.nd make him eligible to further promotion here-
after; but those officeis whom the finding of the
court of inquiry shall consider and adjudge not
to have the mental, moral, physical, and pro-
fessional qualifications to entitle them to or be
worthy of further promotion, are to be retired
from active service, and then names placed on the
retired list of officers of the grade to which they
now belong, respectively. The bill also suspends
the fifth section of the act approved July 16,1862,
entitled "An act to establish and equalize the
grades of line officers of the United States Navy^"
limiting the number of officers in each grade, so
far as may be necessary to carry out the provis-
ions of this act: and there are to be no further pro-
motions or appointments in any grade to which
addition shall or may be made under the provis-
ions of this act until such grade m the active ser-
vice shall beieduced to the limit fixed by that act.
The officers who may be promoted under the pro-
visions of this act are to be entitled to draw the
pay of the grade, respectively, to which they may
be promoted from the day of the appointments
by the President of the United States, in accord-
ance with the recommendations of the advisory
board, the pay to be regulated by the fact whether
the officer promoted was on sea or shore duty or
waiting orders m his present grade at the date of
the appointments.
Wlienevei on advisory board shall be appointed
at any time hereafter under the act entitled " An
act to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the United States Navy," approved
July Ifi, 1862, they are to keep a true and faith-
ful record of their proceedings, and report to the
President of the United States, in writing, the
names of those officers who, in their opinion, are
worthy of further promotion, and the grade, also,
to which each is worthy to be promoted; and in
all cases in which officers shall not be recom-
mended for promotion by an advisory board here-
after, the reasons therefor, together with all the
facts and circumstances in each particular case,
are to appear of record, and be open to the ex-
amination of all persons therein interested; but
the pioceedings of eveiy advisory board are to
be subject to the approval of the President: and
no repoii or recommendation thereby made is to
be acted upon or earned into ciTect unless it shall
be so approved.
Mt. HALE. There are but two or three amend-
ments of the committee, and they are verbal. I
move that they be eoncmred m at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be read.
The Seerrtaiy read the amendments, which
were in section two, Sine three, to strike out the
word " facts''and to insert the woi d "testimony;"
in section tince, line five, to strike out the word
" suspended" and insert the word "modified;"
and in section five, line twelve, to strike out the
word •' facts'Ltnd in^ei t the word "testimony."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no !
objection, the amendments will be regarded as \
adopted. The Chair hears none. i
Mr HALE. Now, Mr. President, if the Sen-
ate will give me thuirattention for three minutes,
I will explain the bill. By the act to establish
and equalize the grade of line officers in the Navy,
an advisory board was provided at the last ses-
sion. There was no requirement for them to keep
a record, nor to sit with open doors. Those offi-
cers who were not recommended for promotion
by that board have stars fixed against their names
in the Naval Register, which prevent to them fur-
ther promotion. Several officers have presented- 1
memorials to the Senate complaining of the injus**-'
tice done them by that board; and it was the opin-
ion of some of the committee, at least, that those -
memorials in part were well founded. This is a
bill to remedy that provision of the law. Itgivc-s
another court, and"provides that that court shall
sit with open doors, and that they shall keep a
record, and report all their doings to the President
for his approval. Those officers who are found not
to be qualified for promotion on this second hearing
are to be retired. Then the last section of the bill
requires that whenever any advisory board here-
after sits, they are to sit under the provisions of
this act. That is the whole of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill to which the Senator
refers, I approve of very much.. I think if any-
thing that has ever come before my examination
needs revision, it is the decisions of this advisory
board. It has acted, I think, with great want of
proper examination and consideration, and with
great injustice to individuals. Indeed, I am not
propped to say that its whole proceedings, and all
its decisions, in the aggicgate, do not amount to
a nuisance. However, I think, so far as the ac-
tion of that advisory board is defective, it may bo
corrected by the bill under consideration. I will
ask leave, however, to offer, as an additional sec-
tion to the bill, the following amendment:
Jlml be it further enacted, That each Senator, Represent-
ative, and Delegate from the Ten nones shall have the light
to make two nominations of persons between fourteen and
eighteen years of ago forwarmnrs as midshipmen to the
Nav.tl School; and the States now deficient in the number
to which they would thus be entitled shall have the light
to make the fit&t nominations, until they shall have their
proper number of muHnpinen at said school.
Mr. HALE. I want to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Kentucky. A bill similar to
this amendment was introduced by him, and was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and,
though I believe it is not exactly in order, there
certainly can be no impropriety in the present in-
stance in saying that the Committee on Naval Af-
faus took it up, considered it, and referred this
whole subject to a sub-committee with instruc-
tions to report a bill. When that report is made,
this amendment will be germane to it; but it is
not germane to this bill, and I hope it will not be
adopted.
Besides, let me suggest further to the Senator,
it is necessary that this bill, if passed at all, should
be passed at once; because it affects the question
of the promotions which are now pending befoie
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I had that bill referred some two
or three weeks ago to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and I had not heard anything from the
committee in relation to it. f did not know that
they deemed it of sufficient importance to giveit a
consideration. I do not want to incumber this bill
especially with anything that is tint got mane to it;
and I do not believe that the section winch I have
offered can be so characterized. However, if the
chairman of the committee will assure me that
tiie Naval Committee will report upon the bill in-
volving the subject-matter of that which I offered,
or to winch this could be properly offered as an
amendment. I will withdraw the present amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I can give the Senator thisassur-
ance: the Committee on Naval Affairs have con-
sidered it; they have instructed a sub-committee
of their own to report a bill on that subject; and
that sub-committee having the matter m charge
have the Senator's bill also in charge, and there
will be no doubt a report; the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Foot] will say how soon.
Mr. FOOT. I will say to the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky that that subject has been referred to my-
self by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and, in
connection with the Secretary of the Navy, I am
now considering the question, and shall be ready
to report a bill undoubtedly in the course of two
or three days.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the matteris in good and
competent hands, and I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before final action is taken
on this bill I dfhire to say a word in regaid to it.
I premise what 1 have to say by admitting—and
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. IIale]
