442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
can he disposed of to-day without taking up any
considerable time. I do not think it would take
over hair an hour or an hour at the furthest to
dispose of this hill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not propose to argue
them at length.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I suggest to my friend from
Minnesota that this day has been assigned to us;
and if we lose if, to-morrow we may be pressed
by appropriation bills or military bills, and not be
able to get this subject bufoie the Senate.
Mr. CLARK, if the, Sonatoi will permit me
a moment, I find myself in this difficulty, as prob-
ably every Senator who  s not a member of the
Indian Committee does: a bill is introduced here
for the first time, which, by the common rule of
the Senate, would be laid over one Jay; not one
of us had an opportunity to examine it; and we
are called upon at once to decide whether we will
take the House bill or take this amendment, w hich
we have not read. I cannot tell how to vote on
such a question.
Mr.DOOLITTLE. Of course, I feel theweight
of the suggestion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. 1 will, however, remark that the bill, as it
came from the House, appropriated £>1,500,000;
the bill reported as a substitute from the commit-
tee appropriates only $100,000 from the Indian
annuities, which are coming up in the Indian ap-
propriation bill, ft provides, also, for a commis-
sion to ascertain what the damages are before we
pass on the general question of appropriation.
However, if we can be assured by the Senate that
we can have this subject taken up and voted on
to-morrow, I certainly shall he very glad to ac-
commodate Senators, and have this amendment
printed.
Mr. CLARK. Of course I cannot give what
the Senator desires, because I have no power to
give any such assurance. I can only say that I
do not desire to delay the matter a moment; but
only to obtain the information to enable me to act
intelligently upon it. So far as I heard the bill,
1 believe I shall be favorable to it; but the Sena-
tor will see, when he hasadopti <1 his amendment,
it will fall on me and other Senators to vote on a
measure to change, in a groat degree, the policy
which has heretofore existed m regard to Indian
annuities; and he will call on me, by a bill that I
have never read, to abrogate treaties, and change
our policy. 1 certainly should desire to see the
bill printed, and to have an opportunity of reflect-
ing on it for a moment or two after I have read it,
before I am called upon to vote on it. I hardly
know how I should vote on it now. I do not
know but 1 may agree to the bill when i road it
in print. I desire to do full justice to the people
of Minnesota, who I know have sullmed gieatly
in consequence of this outbreak, and have no de-
sire to delay or put. any opposition in the way of
the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I have tried to follow the
bill as far as I could, as it was read at the de.sk.
The Senator from Wisconsin knows very well
that what we listen to reaches us very often im-
perfectly, and I must confess that I do not feel
myself competent now, after merely listening to
what was read, to vote upon it. I have great eon -
iidence in the judgment of the Senator, and [ do
not doubt, that the bill has boon most carefully
prepaied; but I hope the Senator will allow if to be
punted, so that we may all Iune the advantage
of reading it, and then 1 shall be jeady to go foi-
ward wuh it as promptly as himself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Tins is an important ques-
tion ; but i certainly cannot resist the force of what
is said by Senators. At the same tune, I will ask
Senators to stand ready to join with me in giving
this matter an early disposition, because it is ne-
cessary to go back to tiie House of Ileprescnta-
ti\es in order to be acted upon there.
Mr. WILKINSON. Inasmuch as I intend to
oppose the substitute which the Committee on
Indian Affairs has reported, and as n seems to me
to be necessary that Senators should read thes^
bills, I am willing to comply with the suggestion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, that they may
be printed; but I insist that the subject be made
the special order for to-morrow nt one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. For one, I have no objection
to that; only it js all-important that we have the
bills m print on our tables.
Mr. SHERMAN. I assure the Senator from
Minnesota that, so far as my vote is concerned,
I will aid him in taking up this bill; but I hope
no*special order will be made, especially in the
absence of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance. He may have important business that it
will be necessary to act upon to-moirow.
Mr. WILKINSON. If it is to be taken up, I
do not see why it should not be made the special
order for that hour. I wish to place it beyond ail
contingency.
Mr. CLARK. That does not place it beyond
the control of the Senate to-morrow. A vote will
control ft.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that this bill be made the special older for to-mor-
row at one o'clock, which requires a vote of two
thii ds.
Mr. RICE. I will suggest to my ru!ieu',n;f that,
according to the practice of the Senat'.. it is better
; to have an understanding here in the Senate that
it shnl! be considered to-morrow, without taking
any fotmal vote or making it ci special order. It
! insures its coming up the more readily.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then, sir, I agree to its
going over without making it a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN MINNESOTA
Mr. RICE. There was a bill under consider-
ation the other day, which wasdiscupsed atsomc
length, in regard to indemnifying the Statu of Min-
nesota for expensi s incurred in ^suppressing In-
dian hostilities within that State. I move to post-
pone all prior onlers, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of that hill. I presume it will
take but a moment to finish it.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly am very loth to in-
terpose any objection to the motion of the honor-
able Senator; but the. Senate is awaie that Sen-
ate bill No. 3:24, the hanktupt bill, which was in-
troduced very early in the session, has been laid
aside in order that dilTeiout bills might come up,
until it is in danger of being foigotten and passed
by till the end of the session. 1 must ask for a
vote of the Senate upon that bill.
Mr. RICE. 1 will say to 1113'" honorable friend
fiom Connecticut that I have no remarks to make
on the measure that I propose to take up. I merely
desire to obtain a vote upon it. It was neai ly fin-
ished the other day. The Logislatuie of Minne-
sota has lecently acted upon the subject, and it is
important that it should be disposed of, as it is a
Senate bill, and must go to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. FOSTER. I have felt it a duty to yield
the bankrupt lull to questions of finance, and ques-
tions in reg.ud to the war; but uufoitunately, as
it seemed to me, we got involved in a diseuss,mi
in leiruul to the (Joint ofClaims bill,winch took
us two or three days, and now itdoes seem to me
that i musti.isist on the eonsideiauon of that lull,
01 it will inevitably ^et the go-by till the end of
the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho'question is on
the motion of the Senator from Minnesota, to
postpone all prior oideis,and proceed to the con-
sideration of th" bib indicated by him.
The motion was <>urieed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideiaijoii of the bill (8. No. 448)
an?Inn i'/.mi; the Secretary (if the Ti eki«u  y to pav
to the Governor of Minnesota, or his authorized
agent, the cost,-., chaises, and expenses intuin d
in suppieK.ditg Indian hostilities wnhm that State
and upon its holders m the year 1602.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
lepoited to the Senate, and the question is on con-
curring in the amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I have a telegraphic
dispatch lieie from the Go\ernor of my State,
which 1 will ask to have read: and without mak-
ing any commenton the subject, I shall then leave
it m the bauds of the Senate.
The Seeictary read the dispatch, as follows:
Ht Joxivaty 17.
I am directed by the L< 21-latin'j to teJe^iaph yuu. iunl.
through \ou, to the d'-h^'ation. thot the amount iuiee- iuv
to rennbuise Mm ne-ota tor expenses inclined iiijlie J ndiari
war will probably require *$350,000
ALEX. JRAMSEY.
Mr. RICE. I can, of course, add no weight
to the action of the Legislature and the Governor
of the State by anything I can say; but I desire,
if it be in order, to strike out the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Foster,] limiting the amount to $200,000.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The question is on
concurring tn the amendments made as in Com-
mittee ot the Whole, and the Senator will effect
his object by non-concurring in that amendment.
Mr. RICE. Then 1 hope that amendment will
not be concurred in.
Mr.FESSENDEN. There was aletter read the
other day from Minnesota, stating that $200,000,
I believe, would about cover the amount.
Mr. RICE. From two hundred to two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. That was the opinion
of the Governor before the commission had au-
dited most of the accounts, when it first com-
ae tie* (1 its labors.
Mr. WILKINSON. There was a motion en-
ured by u;e to reconsider the vote taken on an
amendment olteied by the Senator fiom Ohio,
[Mr. SueitMAN7,] which was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion is not neces-
sary. 1 he question comes up on concurring in
the amendment m the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear what
those amendments aie.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be read.
The first amendment was in line nine, after the
words " eighteen hundred and sixty-two," to in -
sert the words, *4 not exceeding ^200,000;" so
that the clause will read:
To pnv to the Covrn<e ot'thc State of Minnesota. orhis 
utilv .uilbonzed agent. the coM^eliAiuo^ and expeiu-e^ prop-
i ilv iiicuitrd by ><ud ^t.U" in Mippu-^Mmj Indian hostthliea
wtilmi -.siid rii.ite. and upon it« boidets, in the. >eai 1880,
not esePednin ,■*•!()(),OOl).
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose there should
be som-1 limitation.
Mr. RICE. That amendment not beitv^ con-
curred in, the bill will stand on the same footing
with the bill which wu passed last yeai, to pay
the States for expenses incurred during the pres-
ent rebellion. Whatever amount may be found
due is to be paid by the Tieasuiy Department
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
it would not be wiser to limit it to the amount
stated :
Mr. RICE. I am willing to limit it to the
amount that is now ascertained to be due—$350,000
—and ! move that as an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
oidei aflei the Senate hu\e gone tinough with the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RICE. I shall mo\o it at the pioper time.
The next amendment, made as in Committee
ot the Whole, was to add, at the end of the bill,
the following proviso:
P> 01 That, in determining the to be ailowtd
und« 1 Mas act. the same pimeipie--, ii'!e<, and l^ulation-
shull h< ol>--eiv< ii hi die acr aint:ji  etlke!-a-< havebeui
applied tn the e!.um-< allowed to Slate- under the act ap
pieved Juh 527, 1H>1. entitled. "An net to indemnify the
ritaie> foi expeni-er- inclined In them in detente of tlieUiu
ted "^i.Ue- '*
Mr. WILKINSON. U^eemsto me that that
amendment will cut off a very important portion
of these elainiy. Sir, the circumstances in the two
cases are entnely ditleie.ut. We suddenly found
ounseivis engaged in an Indian vviu. The enlisted
troops who had been called out under the late call
of i lie President we're sen: by the Go vet nor of our
State to the frontier. A iargi poition of this ex-
pense, I appiehetid, w<ts mem red by the State of
Minnesota in forwaidim; those troops to the
scenes o! the Indian massaeif*. Now, if I un-
derstand it, the rubs that weie applied in these
other cases, and winch it is proposed to apply
here, were such as to indemnify the States for
equipping their troops and preparing them to be
forwarded to the seat of Government. This sug-
gestion has been made to me bv* those who ate
more familiar wuh the way in which those ex-
penses were settled by the old States than I am.
I know nothing about it. It seems to me, how-
<_\ei, the circumstances m the two cases being
so very different, that this amendment would cut
off a huge portion of our claimants, and would
establish a rule that would be a very narrow and
unjust one.
