THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
into power a President and party with the states-
manship to comprehend our system of blended
Federal and State Government, and the virtue,
patriotism, vigor, and ability to restore it.
Mr. POWELL. Before I proceed, sir, to the
discussion of the billrI will notice briefly some
of the positions taken by the Senator from Marjr-
kmd, [Mr. Hicks,] who addressed the Senate this
evening. I was pleased to hear that honorable
Senator say that he stood firmly to the Constitu-
tion. I believe 1 do not misstate his position
when t say that he avowed over and over again
that his purpose had been, now was, and ever
would be to stand firmly by the Constitution and
the Union. 1 was astonished, after the declaration
made by the honorable Senator, to hear him an-
nounce that he justified the arbitrary arrests in
his uwn State. 1* am not sure whether the Senator
said he advised those arrests or not; he certainly
said he approved of them.
Mr. HICKS. Allow mc one word in expla-
nation. I said that I considered them expedient
at one time, and I did justify those arrests in the
State of Maryland, though 1 did not advise them.
Mr. POWELL. I understand the honorable
Senator to say that while he did not advise he
approved those arrests. 1 was amazed, after the
declaration of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land that he would stand firmly by the Constitu-
tion of the country, when he announced that he
approved the arbitrary arrests in his own State.
If the Senator will allow me, 1 will tell him that
the Constitution by which he says he has stood
0 and will firmly stand prescribes the mode and
manner in which the Senator's constituents shall
be arrested and shall be tried for any and all of-
* fenses they have committed or may commit. No
Senator in thin Chamber will claim that the Presi-
dent or any of the Executive Departments of this
Government had the constitutional power to make
those arrests; yet the Senator approves them, and
at the same time avows that he stands by the
Constitution. Sir, a grosser violation of the Con-
stitution was never perpetrated by any Executive
on the face of the earth.
The Senator will allow me to state another
thing*. He was the Governor of the proud and
ancient Commonwealth of Maryland at the time
those arrests were made. The Senutor, 1 have no
doubt, when he entered upon the duties of that
high office, swore to see that the laws of the State
of Maryland were faithfully executed. The fun-
dament! law of that State presonbes the mode
and manner in which her citizens may be arrested
for crime, and the modeand mannerof their tnal.
The provisions are similar in the Constitution of
Maryland to those of the other States of the
Union and of the United States. They are all
substantially the same; and yet, sir, the Senator,
as Governor of that State, sworn 10 see the laws
of his State faithfully executed, approved an act
of the Executive of this Government, or the head
of a military department under the command of
theExecutive of tins Government, which trampled
down and overthiew the constitutional rights of
the citizens; not only their constitutional rights
under the constitution of Maryland, but under the
Constitution of the United States; and yet he
chums that he is loyal to the Constitution. With
great deference to the honorable Senator, i beg to
differ. He was neither loyal to the constitution
of the State of Maryland, as its Governor, nor to
that of the Union of tins'- Slates, wlfii heap-
proved these arrests.
Mr. HICKS. The arrests were made by the
military under the control of the General Govern-
ment. The State authorities had nothing to do
with them.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator says the State
of Maryland hail nothing to do with them because
the arrests were made by the soldiers of the Gen-
eral Government. Is it not written m the consti-
tution of the State of Maryland and in the Con-
stitution of the United States that no citizen shall
be arrested except by warrant; that no citizen
shall be deprived of his life, liberty, or property
save and except by the judicial tribunals of the
land after a fair and impartial trial? These citi-
zens, if they committed any offenses, committed
them m the Commonwealth of Maryland, when
the honorable Senator was Governor of that State,
and they had the constitutional right to be tried
in the courts in the district where they committed
the offeriue* before tbev could be imprisoned. J
know they might have been imprisoned after a pre-
liminary trial if they had not given bail, but they
certainly had aright to that; and yet the Senator
tells us that he is loyal to and will stand by the
Constitution ofthe country. Away, sir, with such
loyalty—that loyalty which would allow the lib-
erty of the citizen to be stricken down in viola-
tion of both the constitution of the State of which
he wasGovernorand of theUmted States of which
Abraham Lincoln is President! To approve it is
to approve a gross and outrageous violation of
the constitution of your State and of the United
States. If such usurpations are allowed we will
soon stand by the grave of the Constitution. Sir,
were 1 Governor of one of the States of this Union,
so help me God, if any power on the face of the
earth attempted to deprive the citizens of the State
of which 1 was Governor of their hbei ty, in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States and
of the constitution of the State, and of the laws
of their country, 1 would resist it by every means
I had in my power. I would, if Executive of one
of the States of this Union, if the General Govern-
ment attempted to overthrow the reserved rights
ofthe State, or to violate the Constitution of the
United States by the arrest and unlawful impris-
onment of citizens of my State, say to the Exec-
utive of the United States, that if he did it, he
would have to do it over the bayonets of the mili-
tia of the State. 1 would resist such unconstitu-
tional and unlawful acts by all the power that 1
could command.
Mr. HICKS. Were not arrests made also in
the State of Kentucky, of which, I believe, the
Senator was at one time Governor?
Mr. POWELL. Many unlawful arrests have
been made in Kentucky by this Administration.
I have complained of them here and denounced
them as cruel and unconstitutional. I h led to get
committees to investigate them, but i never suc-
ceeded. No such arrests v/cie i^ade in Kentucky
while i was Governor of thnt noble old Common-
wealth. I was about to say what, in my judg-
ment, a loyal Governor of a loyal State—a Gov-
ernor loyal to the Constitution of the Union and
to the constitution of his State—should do. He
should say to the Executive of the United States,
" sir, if any of the citizens of this Commonwealth
have committed offenses and you desire them ar-
rested, and their arrest by legal warrant is ob-
structed or resisted, I will give you all the aid m
my power to see that they me seized under war-
rant and brought to trial; and then if there should
bo an effort to prevent a fair and impartial hear-
ing, I will give you all the power of the Common-
wealth to see that they are fairly and impaitially
tried." After tual, should the man indicted be
condemned to punishment, to confinement in pris-
on or io death,and the execution ofthe law should
be resisted, I would say to the Executive of the
.United States,44 all the power and strength of this
State, us far as I can command it, I will give to
you, m order that this man adjudged guilty under
the law, shall be executed according to the sen-
tence of the courts.'* That I would do. That is
the duty of a loyal Governor—a Governor loyal
to the Constitution both of the United States and
ofthe State over which he presides. I would do
that; but i would not consent to have the laws
and the constitution of my State and the laws
and the Constitution of the United States over-
thrown without resisting it to the utmost of my
power.
Mr. HENDERSON. I dchirc. with the per-
mission of tho Senator, to ask him a question.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 understand the Sena-
tor to say that if he were Governor of one of the
loyal States,andan arrest was made in that State
that he thought to be unconstitutional, he would
call out the rmiitia of that State to resist it; or, in
other words,that the arrest would have to be made
against the bayonets of the militia of the State.
1 desue to ask him if he means to say that he
could judge of the legality of that arrest as Gov-
ernor of the State; and judging it to be unlawful,
would he have the right, or does he claim the right,
to call out the militia to resist the action of the
Federal Government?
Mr. POWELL. I say to the Senator that 1
would, as Governor,claim the right so far to de-
cide as to know that to arrest a man for a sup-
posed offense without warrant, and drag him
from the district where he was charged with com-
mitting it, was against the law and the Constitu-
tion of the country. I say to that Senator fur-
ther, that were i Governor of one of the loyal
States, I would give to the President, if any citi-
zen of that State violated the laws of the United
States, all the force and power of the State to ar-
rest him if any resistance was made to his arrest
in obedience to legal warrant. I say further, if
he was arrested, and there was an attempt to res-
cue him and prevent the judicial tribunals from
giving a fair hearing to him, I would use the whole
power of the State to see that the man was tried,
if he was condemned, and there was an effort by
force to prevent the execution of the law, 1 would
give the whole power of the State to see the law
executed. That was my position. But I would
resist the unconstitutional arrest of my people,
and taking them beyond the jurisdiction of the
State, and confining them for long, long months
in prison, without charge and without trial; and
[ believe the honorable Senator from Missouri
himself would do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Thequestion that I asked
the Senator is altogether different from the one
that he assumes, or else his answer is not perti-
nent to the inquiry that I made. The question is,
whether he, as the Governor of a State, would
assume to judge ofthe legality or illegality of an
arrest, and upon his decision of the matter call
out the militia ofthe State to resist the execution
of the law ? Would he call out the militia to re-
sist, in other words, an arrest und$r Federal au-
thority ?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; I would call out no
militia to resist the execution of a law. I would
call them out to resist the unlawful and unconsti-
tutional seizure of a citizen, and the depriving of
the citizen of liberty without law, if it. were at-
tempted.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator claim
that he, as Governor, would have the right to de-
termine that question?
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
I wiil answer his whole question.' He seems to
be very restless this evening. He puts a ques-
tion , and will not allow me to answer it before he
puts two or three others. I will say to the Sena-
tor now that I would attempt no such thing, un-
less a citizen was deprived of his liberty by a clear
and unmistakable breach of constitutional author-
ity. When that was clear and palpable, so that
there could be n'o mistake about it, 1 would inter-
pose, and not till then. I would give to the Pies-
identall the power 1 could command to execute
the Constitutioij^f the United States and the laws
made in pursuance thereof; but I would give him
no aid to strike down and destroy the clear and
unmistakable constitutional rights and liberty of
the citizen. I would obey the Constitution 6f the
United States and ofthe State. I would not vio-
late either the one or the other at the bidding of
any power on earth.
There was another thing stated by the honor-
able Senator from Maryland [Mr. Hicks] that
somewhat struck me. He not only approved the
arrests of citizens in the State over which he pre-
sided as Governor, without warrant, without trial,
but he said he would have excused the Executive
ofthe United States had he hung some forty of
them. The Senator, while he speaks for uphold-
ing the law and the Constitution of his eountiy,
says he would have (xcused the President if he
had executed some forty of the people of Mary-
land without trial, for he was speaking of those
peofUe. 1 would not excuse any Executive for
evecuting without warrant and without trial ope
citizen; but the Senatorsays he would excuse him
for executing forty!
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would like to ask the Sena-
tor from Kentucky a question. I ask him whether
he would not excuse and justify the President if,
on the night of the burning of the bridges on the
road between Philadelphia and Washington, he
had seized the men that commuted that open act of
war against the Government ot the United States,
and executed them upon the spot, killing in open
war men who were engaged m that act of armed
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, the destruction of a bridge, and tha break-
ing off of communication. Su , it was an open act
of war against the Government of the United
States; and after these men had committed that
military offense, I ask whether the Pi esident would
not be justified in seizing them ever afterwards as
