186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
Mr. SHERMAN. The only limitation upon
the bill is the one contained in this proviso. The
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] pressed this
bill, the other day, on the ground that a similar
indemnity had been given to the States for ex-
penses incurred in suppressing the rebellion. The
force of the appeal was very strong. Then it was
proposed by me to apply the same rule in the in-
vestigation of these claims that had been already
applied in the investigation of claims by other
States. I can see no practical objection to it.
Without this limitation there is no description in
the character of the claims. They are claims for
damages to real estate; claims for injuries done
by Indians to persons and to property—almost
every class of claims that may grow out of a war.
Those ordinarily paid by the Government would
be paid under this bill. This proviso, however,
limits these claims to the character of claims
which we have paid to the other States; that is,
to those for enrolling, equipping, arming, and
clothing the militia called out to repel and sup-
press this Indian insurrection. All claims that
are properly payable—war claims—would be cov-
ered within the proviso.
There is another reason why this proviso should
be added. The Secretary of the Treasury has
adopted certain rules and regulations. All claims
that are presented growing out of the rebellion are
tested by these rules. They are now well under-
stood in the Treasury Department. These rules
ought to be applied to any claims growing out of
an Indian war. There is no reason why they
should not be. There may be claims in Minne-
sota that will not be covered by this proviso; but
such claims ought not to be paid without an ex-
press appropriation by Congress. I look upon
this amendment as vital. Whenitwasoffered, it
was acquiesced in, accepted at once by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice,] and not objected to
by his colleague; and I do not see any practical
objection to it. Without it, there is no limitation
at all to this appropriation, and no limitation at
all to the character of the claims, and any claim
whatever that any man may conceive may be pre-
sented and paid by theTreasyry Department under
this bill, even, as I said before, a claim for a per-
sonal injury to a man and his family—any claim
whatever that may be enforced on suit against an
individual in a court of justice. That, certainly,
was not the purpose of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Th*> trouble in my mind
in telation to this subject this: I desire that Min-
nesota shall be paid for these expenses incut red
by her, and I do not wish to trammel the bill with
restrictions that will deft.at that object. Tin- ac-
counts which have been settled with the States for
expenses in raiding volunteuis foi this war were
very different horn these claims m Minnesota.
The States had their enlisting stations for their
volunteeis. They supported them m those sta-
tions. Many of them wen- aimed, clothed, fed,
and furnished with quarters and forage by the
States. In auditing those accounts of the Slates
there have been 1 ules adopted, a* the Senator from
Ohio suggests, as 1 understand; but they all re-
late to the embodying, equipping, enlisting, and
furnishing of mihna or volunteers. .Mow, I un-
derstand the claims of thi< State are not for enlist-
ing stations; nor for holding these men and find-
ing them quarters, and "(pupping them. Th"ie is
nothing of that kind in their chant. Tin y did n«>t
embody any men foi this ludnn service at ail.
There happened to he a body of \ olunteers there
who had been already raised, who is,id been mus-
tered into the servin. of the United States; and
when this Indian outbreak took place, the Gov-
ernor of the State sent those United States troops
to the scene of conflict, under Colonel Sibh'V, I
believe. They did not uiise any troops on that
occasion. They used United States troops that
were already theie, already enlisted; and the ex-
penses to winch they weic put consisted, as I
understand, in furnishing supplies to those troops
as they went on, and transportation, and various
other things necessary to carry them forward to
the scene of action. The claims, if I understand
them aright, do notfall within any of these, nor are
they of the nature of the claims of the States which
have been referred to at all. Hence, I say if they
are to be settled by these rules which relate to an
entirely different subject-matter, itis a restricuon
which,itseemsto me,ought not to be put on them.
If [ misunderstand the facts, I wish to be corrected.
Mr. RICE. The honorable Senator from Ohio
says that, under this bill as it now stands, any
sort of depredation claim may be brought m; that
if a house has been burned down, a claim can be
brought in for that; in short, that any kind of a
claim can be brought in under it. 1 do not so
understand it. It states explicitly:
The costs,charges, and expenses properly incurred by said
State in suppressing Indian hostilities within said State and
upon its boiders.
" In suppressing Indian hostilities." Certainly
no private claim can be brought in under that.
No claim can be'brought in under this bill, ex-
cepting those for work or .services performed in
the suppression of the hostilities. The bill has
nothing whatever to do with the question of dam-
ages.
When the Senator offeied his amendment the
other day, I assented to it, supposing that it ap-
plied merely to the manner of ascertaining the
expenses incurred. But when you come to look
into it more closely—my colleague was indebted
to an honorable Senator for the suggestion—you
will find that if it is concurred m, it will entirely
defeat the object of the bill; because this money
is not to be paid for enlisting tioops, but, as the
Senator from Vermont 1ms well said, for furnish-
ing supplies to the troops while moving. There
is the whole of it. The General Government had
no means for transporting those troops into the
interior. There was no agontof the General Gov-
ernment there authorized to employ teams or to
purchase subsistence. The Governor of the State
took the responsibility of doing it; and it is to
pay for those expenses, and those alone, incurred
in suppressing the Indian war; and the bill docs
not read in any other way, according to my un-
derstanding of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amendment
may be read again.
The Secretary read it, to insert at the end of the
bill the following proviso:
That ui detenmning the claims to be allowed under this
act the same principle*, rule*, ami regulation'? *hal! be ob-'
served by the. accounting officer as have been applied to
the chums allowed to States under the act appioved July
27, 1861, entitled An act to indemnity the Stales foi ex-
penses incurred by them in defense of the United Stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the amend-
ment is precisely what the honorable Senator from
Vermont said it ought to be. The same rules and
principles are. to be applied in testing these claims
as have been applied in testing tin* claims pre-
sented by other States, and no other. As a mat-
ter of course, the rules would be applied to chums
for transporting, arming, equipping, and clothing
tioops. Every «* tide of expenditure that can
piopeily be incurred, m a military view, is pro-
vided for in the bill to which this is an amend-
ment; and all the elTect of the amendment is to
apply those tides now well understood, those
pi maples now well defined, that havegrowh out
of the suppression of this rebellion, to the accounts
that may be presented from Minnesota. It seems
to me it is very important to have those rules
and prmciples^appin d,so that all the S'aies may
stand upon the same footing. Tiieie «s no such
difficulty in the amendment a.sSenatois suppose.
It does not limit the op< rairm of the ot iginal biil,
<■ Xeept that it points out ihe mode.tod tnannei of
defining and getting at thi.se ve nous aeconn i s.
Mr. iv iC E. Perl laps the d'.tTIeu!! y may he ob-
viated— md 1 wiN ca' 1 the a Pent ion of my rolleagu •
to it—by amending :he amendni"nf so as to apnlv
these rules and regulations to the Midi ting of the
acounts I think we could, perhaps, unite on th it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thai is the sumo thing.
Mr. WILKINSON. I feel as much anxiety
in having the business of the Treasury D"pmt-
ment done correctly and with a due i e aid to econ-
omy, and to pievent an impioper chum funn be-
ing allowed, as the Senatoi from Olur ; and 'f his
construction of it is light. I would not object to '
this amendment. But it   unci to me after'
looking at it, that it would cut oiF the extraoidi-
nary expt uses incurred by the State of Minnesota, j
Foi instance, we had no subsistence, we had no
tiansporfatioiij and fhe Governor was obliged to
take hors-s and wagons and provisions, and do
it arhitiariiv. Ho was obliged to do it. As to
the waywof ascertaining ihe&e things, 1 am not m
fuvor of ha\ing a vciy strict rule applied.
Mi. ^HERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Minnesota that the claims presented by the
States covered subsistence, which was furnished
by every State on sending volunteers*, covered
transportation, clothing, arms, equipments, and
everything you can possibly mentron as being a
part of the necessary expenses of organizing
forces. There is no doubt about that; and the
same principles couid be applied to the same char-
acter of expenses under this bill as under that gen-
eral bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I do not
know the nature of all these claims; but I know
that an Indian outbreak, such as occurred in my
State, renders necessary expenditures which it
was not necessary to incur in the old States, under
the circumstances that existed there. There are
a great many circumstances that might be men-
tioned. So far as the rules in auditing these ac-
counts aie concerned, I am perfectly willing that
the Treasury Department shall be as severe as it
pleases; but I do not wish to have any rules es-
tablished that shall cut off any of the legitimate
claims of the State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One honorable Senator
from Minnesota said in advocating this bdl be-
fore, that all he wanted was that Minnesota should
be kept on precisely the same footing with all the
other States, and tieatcd, in relation to this mat-
ter, precisely as the other States were treated with
reference to the raising of troops for the defense
of the country. That was stated distinctly; and
the honorable Senator from Ohio offered an amend-
ment, which was accepted, putting it upon that
basis precisely.
Mr. RICE. If my friend will allow me a mo-
ment, it has occurred to me that there were ex-
penses incurred by the State of Minnesota in sup-
pressing this Indian rebellion that were not in-
curred by the States in raising troops to suppress
the rebellion; and consequently there could have
been no rules adopted by the accounting officers
in the settlement of those cases that will cover
these cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless you have some
limitation the necessary result is this: we pass a
law here directing the Treasury officers to pay
Minnesota the amount she has expended in the
suppression of this Indian outbreak, with no pos-
sible rule or limitation whatever by which they
arc to ascertain the amount; that is to way, they
must take the decision made by the State officers
of Minnesota with reference to that particular
thing, and they cannot vary from it, putting the
matter entirely out of our hands. The Senator
from Minnesota knows very well what great abuses
have grown up under that system heretofore.
What we contend for is, that the Government
should have the power itself to audit these claims,
or else it should have some general rules that aie
applied to other cases applied to this. If it was m
the case of another State, I put it to my honorable
friend from Minnesota, as a member of the Com
rnittee on Finance, looking after the finances of
theGovenmient, whetherhe would notinsist upon
it that some hold should he letamed by the Uo\-
erninentovei usexpcnditures; that it should have
the power to audit them in someway or othes.
Mr. RICE. 1 will ansvvei th.it question. H
was not done in n.gaid to the accounts of the
States during the piesent r< belhon. It was not
done in the Cu^-e ofOregon and Washington Tern-
tioies for Indian depredations. The Government
retains the same power in this case as it did in
theotheis; because the bill says expressly that
the vouchers aie to be filed and passed upon by
the proper accounting ofricers of the Treasuty. I
take it foi granted, the Tieasuiy Department has
now, and has had evei mine it was organized,
some tubs adopN-d for such cases. We do not
ask to have the accounts settled m Minnesota.
Wo ask to have ihem hi oiigh t heie and settled to
the satisfaction of the Treasui y Department. We
merely ask that they shall be treated like all other
chums, like sUl other ,\(comits. Congress never
has intervened s or attempted to intervene before,
aceoi dm<r fo tnv knowledge, m a case of this kind.
. Mi. FESSENDEN. But without the limita-
tion put upon it, it was suggested by the Senator
from Ohio, theie is no possibility of doing it one
way oi the other. Now, the language is that the
expenses shall be paid. I will lead it:
Tliut the Secretary of the he, and he is heieto ,
(iuoetcd, out of'anv money in th*4 Trea-urv not mheiwise
.ippropn.ucd, to p'iv to the Goveraot ot' tin* State of Minn"-
M)ta, oi In* <Jul.\ autiionZccd <i«xont. the ens??., eija.^cy. <.uul
expenses properly incurred bv i-aid State m suppressing
Indian ho nhws within said State and upon its Nader* ni
