1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. HICKS. Allow me to interrupt the Sena-
tor once more.
Mr. POWELL. I yield with grevit pleasure;
but allow me to tell the honorable Senator it was
not my object to impugn his motives or to do him
any injustice.
Mr. HICKS. 1 know that there has been a
persistent attempt to abuse me on the part of dis-
loyal men for my course in regard to the events
of the 19th of April, 1861.
Mr. POWELL. 1 had not heard before that
those whom the Senator calls disloyal had abused
him. If they did unjustly assail him they did
wrong. I will say thatmuch. It is, however, the
first time I ever heard of it. Why, sir, had the
honorable Senator been arrested without warrant,
without process of law, and put in one of the pris-
ons of this country, and he had sent his petition
to me, I should have presented it here and de-
manded his release,or that he should be tried, as
I did in regard to his constituents. I would have
done it for any man. I am opposed to unlawful
arrests, opposed to the military arm of the Gov-
ernment assailing the civil rights of the citizen.
I do not care whether it comes from a southern
secessionist or from a loyal Unionist; it is all
wrong, and I condemn it.
But the Senator must see that this executing of
men without process of law.is very dangerous.
The innocent, when you attempt it, suffer with
the guilty. If the jocular and playful letter of the
honorable Senator which he says he wrote to an
intimate friend had fallen into the hands ofaome of
the detectives, some of the spies who are going
round about through the whole country, and been
taken to headquarters, perhaps it might have
caused his arrest, and he might have sulfered sev-
enteen long months of imprisonment, as did Gat-
chell and Howard and others. 1 certainly have
not seen as much against those men as that play-
ful remaik of the honorable Senator in that letter.
Yet, sir, they suffered that long, cruel imprison-
ment, and were finally turned out without trial.
The speech of the honorable Senator was a little
singular in another respect. lie spoke an hour,
not by Shrewsbury clock, but by the clock that
hangs over yonder door; the Senator lectured the
Senate, and he lectured them very amiably, and
very eloquently, and very pleasantly—I will do
him the justice to say—for a whole hour, because
t^ey were debating questions foreign to the issue
before the Senate, and did not confine themselves
to the merits of the proposition under debate.
The Senator spoke one whole hour on this bill to
authorize conscription, and he did not tell us
which side of the question he was on, and he did
not notice a single piovision in the bill, and said
not one word for it or against it. Now, when an
honorable Senator gets up to lecture others about
wandering from the question at issue, and speaks
a whole hour and dors not tell us which side he
is on, it really does look a little strange, and, to
say the least of it, is somcwhatamusing. I sup-
pose the Senator's speech was made in the same-
playful spirit in which he says his letter to Mr.
Webster was written. If the Senator will allow
me to advise him, 1 will say to him that if he
should impiess the President with the doctrine'
that he should not be censured for executing cit-
izens of Maryland without trial, he might lose
his head in consequence of a playful remark, and
should be careful not to write any more such play-
ful letters.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to make a remark in answer to that?
Mr. POWELL. After I am through I will
hear you; but if you choose to ask u question, I
give way. <
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky will proceed, if he does not yield
the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I will yield it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. All these things should
be settled on ^eneial principles.
Mr. POWELL. That is very true; we should
act on general principles; and as for the Senator
from Maryland, his remarks were very general,
so far as the objections to the bill or its advocacy
by him was concerned, so general that nobody
heard him say whether he was for it or against
it. Now, Mr. President, after these preliminary
remarks, I will proceed to say a few words upon
this bill, and I hope that I shall not be consid-
ered out of order if I discus the proposition be-
fore the Senate, for it is my purpose to confine
the residue#of the remarks i have to make to the
bill itself.
I regard the bill, Mr. President, as dangerous
to the liberties of the people. It is calculated to
strike down the rights of the States of this Union.
It is calculated, if passed and carried out, to make
this Union of confederate, independent States, a
grand, consolidated despotism. The bill, if car-
ried out, will sweep from existence the militia of
the States and consolidate them into one grand
national army under the control of the President
alone. It will take away the control of the exec-
utives of the States over their own militia. That
is a principle that never should be incorporated
into the law of any free people. Such a policy,
to say the least of it, will endanger the public lib-
erties. It will allow a great and bad man to usurp
power and to overthrow the institutions of the
country. That will be the effect of the law. It
will at least be a weapon in the hands of a great
and bad man that might be used for that purpose.
We never should pass such a law. Mr. President,
it is in violation of the Constitution, for I hold
that the militia are under the control of the States.
I am aware that under the provisions of the Con-
stitution they can be called out by the United
States, and when callcd into the service of the
United States the President of the United States,
as Commander-in-Chief, has control over them in
time of war or to suppress an insurrection or repel
an invasion. But until the militia are mustered
into the service of the United States and are offi-
cered by the States, the President of the United
States has no control over them and they are not
subject to martial law. This bill prevents the
States from controlling the militia in the manner
in which I have indicated, and subjects them to
martial law before they are mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, and in both these par-
ticulars i hold it to be unconstitutional.
Now, sir, let us see what is the Constitution
and what are the provisions of the bill. The thir-
teenth section of this bill provides:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted^ThaXany person draft-
ed and notified to appear as aforesaid; may, oh or before the
day fixed for hh appeal ance, furnish an acceptablc substi-
tute to take tu-  place in the draft; or he may pay to such
peison as the Secretary of War may authorize to receive
it, such sum, not exceeding $300, as the Secretary may de-
termine, for the procuration of .mch substitute; and there-
upon such person so furnishing the substitute, or paying
the money, shall he discharged from further liability under
that draft. And any peison failing to icport after due ser-
vice of notice, as herein pieseubed. without furnishing a
substitute, oi paying the required sum therefor, shall be
deemed adcseiter,and shall be arrested by the provost mar-
shal and seat to the nearest military post for trial by court-
martial, unless, upon proper showing that lie is not liable
to do military duty, the board of enrollment shall relieve him
from the draft.
The position I take is that that section is un-
constitutional in this, that it subjects a man when
drafted, before he is mustered into the service of the
United States, to be tried by court-martial. That
I hold to be in violation of the Constitution. I
will read the clauses of the Constitution which
authorizes armies to be raised and the militia to
be called out:
''Congress shall have power to raise and support armies ;
but no appropriation of money to that use shall be for a
longer term than two year5' "
" To provide and maintain a navy.*'
"To make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval foice."
uTo provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions."
"To provide for oigamzmg. arming, and disciplining the
mill I la, and fm governing such parr ot them as may be em-
ployed m the -service, ot the United States, reserving to the
States respectively the appointment ot the officers,andthc
authoutv of training the imhtia according to the discipline
prescribed by (,ong^ess.},
It is under the last provision I have read that
this authority \a claimed. There is one other
clause of the Constitution that bears upon the
point, and it is that ** the President shall be Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, and of the milrtia of the several
States when callcd into the actual service of the
United States." That is the clause which au-
thorizes the President of the United States to take
charge of the militia. He can only do it, under
the Constitution, when they are called into the
actual service of the United States. Well, now,
sir, when are they in the actual service of the Uni-
ted States? Are they in service when they are
drafted? No, sir. They never have been held
to be in the service of the United States under the
Constitution, by the decisions of the courts, or
by the commentators upon that clause of the Con-
stitution, until they have been mustered into the
service. That has been the ruling from the forma-
tion of the Government to this time. They are
only subject to be tried by courts-martial after
they have been mustered into the service. The
mere drafting of a man does not place him in the
service; he must be accepted and mustered in. 1
grant that laws might be passed punishing him
for disobedience to the draft, but you cannot place
him under the military law of the United States
until he is a soldier; and he is no soldier until he
is mustered into the service of the Union. Until
he is mustered in, he is not in actual servicc; and
until he is in actual service, by the express words
of the Constitution, he is not subject to the con-
trol of the President as Commander-in-Chief. I
have no less an authority than that of Judge Story
upon this very point. That learned commentator
upon the Constitution, who was certainly more
latitudinous in construction than those brought
up in the school of politics to which I belong, fully
sustains me upon this point. 1 have claimed to
belong to the school of strict construction. The
author of this book belonged to the school of
latitudinarian construction, as the whole Senate
know. I hope the Senators who claim to have the
constitutional power to pass this hill, will listen
to what I shall read from Judge Story, volume
three, page 93:
" Congress may by suitable laws provide for the calling
forth of the militia, and annex suitable penalties to disobe-
dience of their orders, and dhect the manner in which the
delinquents may be tried. But the authority to call forth,
and the authority exclusively to govern, are quite distinct
m their nature. The question, when the authority of Con-
gress over the militia becomcs exclusive, must essentially
depend upon the fact when they arc to be deemed in the
actual service of the United States." *
There you see Judge Story states the question
as clearly as language can state it. I will read
over again this last sentence:
"The question, when the authority of Congress over the
militia becomcs exclusive, must essentially depend upon
the fact when they are to be deemed m the actual service
of ihe United States. There is a clear distinction between
calling forth the nnlitia and their being in actual seivicf:
These are not cotemporaneous acts, nor necessarily idon
tical in their constitutional bearings. The President i? not
Commander-in-Chief of the militia, except when in actual
service, and not when they are merely ordered intoseivice.
They are subjected to martial law only when m actual ser-
vice, and not merely when called forth, before they have
obeyed the call."
Could language be more distinct than Judge
Story's on this very question? Here you make
them subject to court-martial when they arc called
forth, before they are actually in the service. Mr.
Story, in commenting upon that clause of the
Constitution under which this power is claimed,
says it cannot he done. I will read no moro, though
Mr. Story treats it at more length; but it is clear
from the language of the Constitution itself, and
from the authority of Judge Story, that the thir-
teenth section of this bill is unconstitutional, in so
far as it makes these parties triable and punish*
able by court-martial when they are drafted and
before they are in the actual service of the United
States. The proposition seems to me too clear,
from the Constitution and from the authority, to
be a matter of doubt.
1 will now notice very briefly the thirty-fourth
section of this bill, which I deem to be unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him one question before he leaves the
point he is discussing?
Mr. POWELL. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask him if
the point that he is discussing has not been twico
decided by the Supreme Court of the United States,
that for the disobedience of an order to meet at
the place of rendezvous after the draft, a citizen
is liable to trial before a court-martial?
Mr. POWELL. The Supreme Court of the
United States?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. In the case of
Martin vs, Mott it was so held.
Mr. POWELL. Is that the Pennsylvania cai>c >
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the New Yotk
case; and the same decision was made in the case
of Houston vs. Moore, decidcd in 1820. Houston
vs. Moore is the Pennsylvania case. It wasthit>:
" Houston, the plaintiff" m error in the original suit, was
a private enrolled m the Pennsylvania militia, and belong~
ing to the detachment of the nnlitia which was ordered out
by the Governor of that State in pursuance of the requisjU
