444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
tin- yem to ho retried upon pioper vouchers, to be
tiled and jus-ed upon by tho piopcr accounting officers of
the ^
"Proper vouchers." What does that mean?
Mr. RICE. "To be filed and passed upon by
the proper accounting officer of the Treasury."
The Tieasury Department is to decide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Treasury is to de-
cide wnethcr the vouchers are proper or not; but
thoy are not to decide whether the items are proper
subjects of charge.
Mr. RICE. The bill says so.
Mr, FESSENDEN. No, sir; the words are
<f properly incurred;" and that is no limitation.
" Properly" does not moan anything. It is only
a question whether it is incurred in good faith.
Now, then, in settlingall these matters, ail we ask
for—I am in favor of the Senator's bil!—is, that
they shall be confined to the same rules that have
been applied to the other States. Why not ? The
Senator from Vermont says it is very probable
that some expenses were incurred in Alinnesota
by way of transportation which were not incurred
by the other States; but they would come within
the description of.the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio. Take Vermont; take
Maine; we have railroads; we prepared men for
the war; wedo not have to forwaid supplies for
the same length of time, at the same expense, and
in the same way, as is done wheie there are no
railroads; but it docs not follow fiom that that
those matters are not to be paid and settled on
their proper principles. It does not follow from
this amendment, because we were not obliged to
forward supplies from Maine, because we had
railroads, and the men only took two days' sup-
plies in their pockets, and we were not obliged to
send tennis, that, therefore, an allowance is not
to bo made to Minnesota, which was not in pre-
cisely the same category. The amendment will
covcrcverything, in my judgment, thatis requited
by the Senator; it will cover transportation, what-
ever tho reasonable and proper expunges might
have been, and that is to be settled with reference
to the rules established in similar cases; that is
to say, when i use the phrase "similar eases,"
Territories or States situated m the same way.
The rules applicable to them aie not necessarily
the rules applicable to tho State of Vermont, of
which my honorable friend speaks, ot the Slate
of Maine, or any oiher Stale where theie is no
necessity of taking supplies in that way. They
have rulea in theTveasui y Department with refer-
ence to the whole of them.
There ought to be some limitation and some
rule by which these claims might be settled. My
objection is, that by the terms of the hill, all that
is Irfi is simply this: that the Slate of Minnesota
should file its claim, should pioduec a voui her
thai it has paid thatclaim, and then it is (o be paid
by the Treasury Department; and this amend-
ment puts on a limitation.
Mr. RICE. [ must admit that I ant somewhai
in doubt as to whether this amendment would
woik injuriously to the State of Minnesota ot not.
I concur fully m what tin- Senator from Maine
lias said; and I will suggest an amendment to the
amendment, know leads:
That m dctei m ui tug the claim? to bo allowed undei this
net, the same piuicipies, nile-} and t emulations shall be <>b-
poiveri Ijv iin* a> i ouulm^ oflirei-, a-- have been applied to
the elanu-N allowed to the ^latc-*, &c
Alter the words "accounting officers" I pro-
pose to insett the woids, 'mu auditing said ex-
penses:" so that it will read:
That ia (lotonmmuo: the claim* to h-1 allowed nuclei this
act, the >aine jjuiK'tple-., ntU's, and letriiiations shall he ob-
served by the act ounumj otlict- in auditing nUiI expends
as have been applied to the claims allowed to States under
the act appioved Jul) 27, 1S61, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no objection
to that.
Mr. b ESSENDEN. The Senator accepts that,
modification.
Mr. DAWS. I have no doubt, sir, ofthejus-
tice of this ^laim of Minnesota, and that nought \
to be audited and paid; but the difficulty about '
claims of a laige amount is to have them settled
by the ofTicci s of the Treasury. The State of Min-
nesota has .a just claim against the United States
Go\einment for any military supplies furnished,
foi any tran^poi tation, or for any ofhei material
or vr-iMce that was rmideied or perfumed by the
Suite of Minnesota which the United States ought
itself to have pei !oi med. Where u claim is large
and consists of a great number of items, and a
great variety and extent of service, the difficulty
is to have the claims properly settled at the Treas-
ury Department.
The State of Kentucky has a large demand
against the General Government, amounting to at
least $250,000 for arms, for subsistence, for mili-
tary supplies, for transportation, and for other
service rendered by that State to the General Gov-
ernment. That accountaccrucd some eight or ten
or twelve months ago. The State of Kentucky
sent a special agent to the Treasury Department
two or three times, and as long ago assix months,
for the purpose of piociuing a settlement of these
accounts, and she has never been able to obtain it.
If the State of Minnesota shall procure her ac-
counts to be settled in a reasonable time at the
Treasury Department by the Treasury officers,
and according to the rules and modes of settle-
ment established by that Department, she will bo
more fortunate than my State has been. Now, I
suggest to the honorable Senator from Minnesota
that this difficulty, the delay of getting a settle-
ment of these accounts at the Treasury Depart-
ment, may be obviated, and ought to be obviated,
by the President appointing special commission-
ers to settle such accounts with the States.
Mr. RICE. In regard to that question, 1 will
say to the honorable Senator that I would prefer
that the accounts should he audited heic in con-
formity with the usages of the Government, and
the rules established at the accounting offices. It
may occasion a little delay, but I think it will be
best in the end.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, none of the rules and
regulations foi the settlement of the accounts would
be depaited from, even if such a featuic as! sug-
gest should be added to the bill. It would oniy
be tendered the especial set vice of au officer, ap-
pointed for the purpose of settling the accounts
of the State, to do the work, and consequently it
would be done more promptly and in a speedier
time than if it was left to settlement by the ordi-
nary officers of the Treasury Department. The
Senators from that State could select their own
mode and then own officers by which to settle these
accounts. If they preferred to await the dilatory
operation of the Tieasury officers in settling ac-
counts, according to their own discretion, in their
own tune, and then own caprice oi pailiality, if
such motives opeiate upon them, they could <jo so.
Hut, sir, if the State of Kentucky, or any other
State, has unsettled claims of this very character
against the General Government, amounting to
$*J50,(K)0, why should not these claims be at once
fettled, and the amount paid over to the State ?
That is tho difficulty of which I complain. Our
(fovei nor has sent a special agent heie on two or
'hiee occasions expressly to have a settlement
made with t he Go vet ,im"!ii, and he has been put
off, and put oil, and has n< vei been able to biing
the Govei anient of the United Slates to a settle-
ment a[ all. That i'V unjust to our State.
Our Stale wants all the funds th^t belong to it
from the General Government to enable it to pre-
pare for its own special and particular defense
against the inclusions of the confederate aimy.
Wo want this money to perform an office for (hat
State which it is the duty of the Geneial Govei n-
nient its; It' to pcrfoim to that and all the other
States—to wit, to defend it. We have been knock-
ing at the Ti easury doorand besc celling the Presi-
dent, th" Secietary of the Treasui v, and all the
accounting officers again and again for the last
eight or ten months to make this settlement and
to pay us the balance, but we have never been
able to procure such a settlement, and how loni:
it is still to be postponed I do not know. I do
not know the motives for the postponement. I
take it forgranted it results fi om the press of busi-
ness on the accounting officeis of the Tieasury.
I know of no other reason. ]f that is fh^ reason
—and that is the only legitimate one that I can
conceive of—it is a reason that may and ought to
be lemovod. The way to temove itts to author-
ize) the President by law to appoint special com-
missioners ora special commissioner to settle with
the State of Kentucky and with all the othei <■
States. I shall, therefore, at the proper time, offer
the following amendment as an additional section
to the bill:
-hidbe it f wither enacted, That the Ptevident fiom time to
time, as may be ncce*sm\ , shall appoint one or tnoio com-
missioners on the part ol tap United Stales to adjust, liqui-
date, and .settle all accounts, claim-:, and indebtedness be-
tween the United States and any State that may m i>e dunng
the pic&cnt lebelhon ; tlie ivpoit ot >aid settlement to be
subject to the revision of the Piesident.
That was exactly the mode that was adopted
at the close of the revolutionary war. The United
States, or the Confederate States as they were
then, were indebted to all the States for just such
similar advances and similar services rendered by
the States to the Government, and the way in
which those claims were settled and liquidated
was by the appointment of a commission by the
General Government to make settlement withthe
different States. That is all that I ask; and I
think it would expedite the object of the honora-
ble Senators from Minnesota. I think they would
get a much more speedy settlement of their ac-
counts m that way. I judge that there is great
complexity and minuteness in their claims, as
there nocessai ily would be in all such claims ofa
State against the General Government. They will
have to bring forward proof of the sei vice and
material rendered by them before the General Gov-
ernment ought to or will agree to pay it. All this
tedious examination and the production of proof
I think would be more readilv executed and put
into operation by meansofaspecial commissioner
appointed for the purpose, than by sending such
subjects before the ordinary accounting officers of
the Treasury.
Mr. RICE. I thank the honoiable Senator from
Kentucky for the inteiest he has taken in the wel-
fare of tho people of Minnesota; but as we arc a
very modest people wo shall be satisfied with the
bill as it is without the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I assure him that much the major part of my in-'
terest in the matter is for my own State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
.concurring in the amendment made in committee
as modified in the Senate.
The amendment as modified was concuried in.
Air. RICE. I will move to insert as a limita-
tion, " not to exceed $.350,000,the amount stated
by the Legisiatuie and the Governor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. DAVIS. I offer the following amendment,
as an additional section:
.d)idheil Jut titer cnactol, That the Piesident fiom lnnr-
to tune, a> it may be net e^satv, shall ippmnt one <u mine
commissioners en the paitof the United State?., to adju-r.
liquidate, and settle all account:-, chains, and indebtedness
between the United Sinter and .tin .State that m.iv ai i -<• dui-
in<> the pieseni lebellion ; the u po,t of >neli settlement> to
be subject to the leviMon of the hcsidmt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I suppose theie isa n^ular
mode of settltngail these claims, and I do not,see
why we should establish a commission.
Mr. DAVIS. That is exactly what, I desire,
to take it, out of the icgulai and slow mode.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And exactly what, i do
not de^n e.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the amendment may
be adopted. As my colli ague has vei y well *, id,
we have been stuving m Kentucky foi some
months past to have a setileim nt of our accounts
without aval 1. The mode indu a ted by ins amend -
ment I think just and proper, not only to the
States, but to the Government. Any Sian ihaf
has expended its money m this war should be
paid by the Government, and it is but tight liiat
uo should g.ve ihem evtiy facility fm !ie\mg
those ctaun.s propetly adjusted ami xenled. ii it
is the object of t lie Go vei itmei if I o pa y if s mm -
edmss,{hen it ought, by alt means,"to fa. ib im
those who have claims against nm sending their
claims here in a proper manner. The Stat'- of
Kentucky can get no settlement here. As my
colleague has said, she has been at the do<n (,"f
this Tieasury for months upon months. Tins
amendment can do no wiong, but will evidi oily
result m great gr>od. I hope it may pa^s.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thei •e ore ec. i tai n i ules
established at the War Department for the audit-
ing of these claims, and cet tamly it is no ujnsi.ee
to Kentucky to settle her claims on pivc^-l v the
same rules that are applied to (he other States. I f,
as he says, the accounts of Kentucky have not
been audited, it is owing unquestional iy to the
great press of business on the Dennrtn" nt. If
ihey have not sufficient foice tin re to ar/'1' the
chums, i' isoui business to mereasc the fmee ?:o
as< to enable them to do it. But to change the oi-
dmary couire of pioccedmg on well established
