1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of the President of the United States, dated the 4th of
Julv- 1814. Being duly notified and called upon, he neg-
lected to m.ircli with" the detachment to the appointed
plaeo of rendezvous. He was tried for this delinquency he-
fore a court-martial summoned under the authority of the
executive of that State in pursuance of the section of the
btatute above refericd to.'*
It was exactly in the language of the law of
1795.
Mr, POWELL. I understand the case; I have
read it, and know it minutely. 1 do not think the
case is in any way in antagonism with the posi-
tion 1 take. I have considered that case maturely,
and also read very attentively Kent's commenta-
ries upon it. Chancellor Kent, if I mistake not
his language, says there must be some mustering
in before the United States has exclusive jurisdic-
tion. The gentleman must recollect that the Uni-
ted States here claim exclusive jurisdiction; and
it was on that point I rested my argument. The
Pennsylvania case was an infraction of the local
law of the State of Pennsylvania. They had a
law to punish parties for not appealing in obe-
dience to the draff, and if the Senator had noticed
my argument he would remember that! distinctly
stated they might pass laws to punish persons for
disobedience to the draft, but that these parties
were not soldiers in the* actual service of the Uni-
ted States within the contemplation of the Con-
stitution and subject to the exclusive control of
the President as Commander-in-Chief until they
weie mustered in. That was my position.
Mr. HENDERSON rose.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will al-
low me to get through. However, I will hear him
once more.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator misunder-
stands me. I made no argument on the subject;
nor was I combatting his position. He was quot-
ing Judge Story in support of a position that.he
took. I merely desired to ask him if it had not
been twice decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States directly against the opinion that
Judge Story had given. Judge Story sat in one
of those cases, and he gave a dissenting opinion;
but it has been certainly twice decided by the
Supreme Court that the Senator is in error in the
view he has taken.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly in the Pennsylva-
nia case I am not in error, for Judge Story, in the
very authority I have read, comments upon that
case. Chancellor Kent comments upon it. My
position is that a. man is not in the actual ser-
vice of the United States as a soldier, and is not
liable to the exclusive control of the Presidentas
Commander-in-Chief, until he has been mustered
in. The Senator does not seem to take the dis-
tinction I make. I know that in the case to which
he has alluded the party was amenable to the
local laws of Pennsylvania for not appearing in
obedience to the draft. If the Senator had been
observing he would have remembered that I stated,
in the first position 1 took, distinctly, that laws
might be made to punish him in his State for be-
ing disobedient to the draft; but I put it to the
Senator to know if he can find a case decided
where it has been held that until the party is mus-
tered into the service of the United States he
comes under the exclusive control of the Presi-
dent as Commander-in-Chief. The party in that
case was subject to the law regulating the militia
of Pennsylvania; but until he was mustered into
the service of the United States, until he became
actually in the service, to use the language of the
Constitution, he was notliable to the President's
authority. So soon as he is actually in the ser-
vice of the United States he becomes subject to the
exclusive control of the Presidentas Commander-
in-Chief, bat not until then. That is my position.
Iam fully aware that the State of Kentucky, or
the State of Missouri, or any other State, cat)
make laws regulating their militia for the purpose
of mustering them into the service, and may im-
pose penalties if they fail to appear m obedience
to the draft or summons; they can try them by
court-martial for this purpose, if they so enact in
the law. To that extentthey can go, and no fur-
ther, and that is the case the Senator has. That
party was not tried for an infraction of the laws
of the United States, but for an infraction of the
laws of the State of Pennsylvania, and under the
laws of Pennsylvania he was held to be a delin-
quent.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was in the language
of the act of 1795.
j\J/. POWELL. No matter what the language
was; it was the law of the State of Pennsylvania
that organized the court to try the case, and that
was the law which was infracted and under which
the trial was had.
Mr. HENDERSON. It came up under the call
of the President of the United States.
Mr. POWELL. I am aware how it came up.
I am fully aware, the honorable Senator will al-
low me to say, of ail the points presented in the
case, for 1 assure him 1 have read it very care-
fully.
Now, Mr. President, 1 will notice the thirty-
fourth section of this bill, and that I hold to be a
palpable violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It is in these words:
Jlnd be it farther enacted. That all persons drafted under
the provisions of this act shall be assigned by the President
to military duty in such corps, regiments, or other branches
of the scrvice as the exigencies of the service may require.
Now, sir, what is the Constitution, and what
has been the usage of the Government in calling
forth the militia? It has ever been held that under
the Constitution of the United States the militia
could only be called forth through the instrument-
ality of the State governments, and that has been
the way the militia have been heretofore called
into the United States service. The Governor of
a State is the commander-in-chief of the militia of
the States, and all the army he has is the militia.
That is all the army he can have, for the Consti-
tution forbids the States to keep standing armies
or navies; and unless his militia is his army he
has none. I admit that the militia of the States
can be called out by Congress; they can be used
for the public defense; they can be used for sup-
pressing insurrections or repelling invasions; they
can be used for war, either foreign or domestic.
There can be no doubt about that. But how will
you proceed to use them? How will you raise
them ? How will you organize them? How will
you put them in the public service? When do
they cease to be under the control of the State or-
ganization' When do they become subject to the
control and order of the President of the United
States? That is (he question.
I hold that until they are actually mustered into
the service of the United States they are under
the control of the State organization; but so soon
as they are actually mustered into the service of
the United States, then, by virtue of the provision
of the Constitution of the United States that I
read a moment ago, they are under the exclusive
control of the President as Commander-in-Chief,
and the State authority that instant ceases. When-
ever the authority of the State ceases, then the
authority of the Executive of the United States,
as Commander-in-Chief, commences. The Pres-
ident has no authority or control over any part
of the militia until they are mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States. When they are mus-
tered into the service of the United States, the con-
trol of the State ceases. That is the Constitution
of your country. I will read the clause of the
Constitution. It confers on Congress power—
"To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the
nnlma, and for governing su^h part of them as may be em-
ployed in the service of the United States; reserving to the
States respectively the appointment of the officers and the
authority of training the nulttia according to the, discipline
prescribed by Congress."
That provision of the Constitution reserves the
right to each State to appoint the officers of its
militia wh^n called into the service of the United
States. Is there a section in this bill which allows
the Governors of States, or the States, by any au-
thority of their local laws, to appoint the officers
of these forces? No, sir, there is no such provis-
ion in the bill. The Constitution says that when
the militia are called into the service of the United
States there shall be reserved to the States, respect-
ively, the appointment of the officers. You have
a provision m this bill that authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to assign them to mili-
tary duty in any corps, regiment, or other branch
of service as the exigencies of the service may in
his judgment require. You nowhere reserve to
the States the power to appoint the officers, and
I hold that you cannot call forth the militia and
deprive the States of the ri^ht of appointing the
officers. By doing that you overthrow the right
of the States, guaiantied to them by the Consti-
tution, and you confer power upon the Executive
of the United States not warranted by the Consti-
tution. I put it to Senators to answer me the ques-
tion, can you, without violation of that provision,
of the Constitution which I have just read, call the
militia into the service of the United States in such
manner as to deprive the States of the right to ^p*
point the officers to command them ? I hold th$t
you cannot. The attempt is contrary to the prac-
tice of the Government from its existence to this
day. Heretofore, in the war of 1812, in the War
with Mexico, and during this unfortunate, civil
war up to this time, we have pursued the consti-
tutional mode, and we have called forth the mili-
tia through the instrumentality of the States, leav-
ing the Governors of the States-to appoint the
officers up to colonels inclusive. That is in obe-
dience to the Constitution.
But here i^a bill that! spoke of a moment since
as one that destroys all the rights of the States
over the militia, and consolidates in the hands of
the President powers that are dangerous to the
public liberties. To confer on one man the power
to conscript soldiers, to place the whole body of
the people able to bear arms in the Army, is dan-
gerous to the liberty of the citizens, and never
should be allowed by a people jealous of their
liberties. I know it is the custom in despotisms
throughout the world, and has ever been so; but
those who have revered liberty, and have ever
stood forth in defense of civil rights, never resorted
to such consolidation of power. As was said by
the learned Senator from Delaware in the early
part of the day, it is a thing that Great Britaia
never resorted to since she threw off the bonds
imposed upon her by the feudal system. Then
the great lords and the barons brought forth their
menials and their vassals; but since then the Brit-
ish Government has never resorted to it. 1 know
that it has been resorted to on the Continent, and
it is resorted to there to-day. But let me tell
Senators that I hope they will hot refer to the
Continent, where despotism reigns supreme, for
precedents for the people of this free country. If
I were to cross the Atlantic for authority, I would
rather look into the precedents and the history of
the people of our own lineage and our own tongue,
the Anglo-Saxons, who have ever been lovers of
liberty, or perhaps, more properly speaking, the
Anglo-Normans. Our ancestors across the water*
those from whom we immediately sprang, never
sanctioned such things.
If you place the whole militia of the States un-
der the control of the President, if that President
be a wicked, corrupt, and great man, allow me£o
tell you that you place your liberty in his hands.
The hbertv of this people is too dear and cherished
a right to ue placed in the hands of any one man.
No wise people ever will place their liberty in the
hand or at the will of any man. They will rely
upon the guards and restrictions in the Constitu-
tion of their country, for the Constitution is but the
written exposition of the will of the people, and
the President is as much bound by it as the hum-
blest citizen. When you allow the restrictions
and safeguards that are thrown around the public
liberties to be departed from,and the constitutional
barriers to be overthrown, allow me to tell you
that your liberties, if not gone, are held by the
frail tenure of the will of a man who has control
of the bayonet. I would clothe no man with the
power that is conferred on the Executive in this
bill. A free people should compel all their magis-
trates, from the highest to the lowest, to obey the
Constitution and laws. Whenever you depart
from that, you endanger the public liberty as well
as the form of your government. None will de-
part from it who properly appreciate the liberties
of the people. It was the custom in Athens, the
wist'bt of the Grecian commonwealths, to decree
ail usurpers and tyrants who did not administer
the functions of their office in obedience to the
laws. That should be the case here. We ^hould
hold all obedient to the law; and the only security
we have for our liberties is in obedience to the
laws. You may talk about liberty as you will;
there is no liberty save in obedience to the laws.
I do not care what privileges you may claim, there
is no well-regulated liberty save in the supremacy
of the law. * Whenever you elevate a magistrate
or an individual, or individuals, above the law,
your liberties are overthrown; they are gone.
Liberty alone can exist where the laws are su-
preme. Anything else would be licentiousness.
Liberty must be regulated by and subject to law,
or it will not be preserved.
There is one other section of this bill to which
