1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mips, and appointspectalcommissioncrs,in terms
applicable to all the States, but really meaning
Kentucky alone, would seem to me to be departing
ftom the rule which it has been found necessary
to adopt heretofore, and opening the door to in-
numerable abuses. I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the claims of a
State are entirely different from the ordinary claims
against the Treasury Dopaitment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know why.
Mr. DAVIS. They are m this respect: they
are much more complicated; they are much larger;
they arc mote impeiutive in their nature. They
come in the nature of claims of the Slates for
moneys expended, and for acts done and per-
formed which the Government itself ought to have
done ill the prosecution of the war.
Now, sir, tins is not a pi oposition for the pecu-
liai accommodation and benefit of Kentucky. It
will embrace every case of a State: that of Min-
nesota and of Iowa, and any other ease that may
come up, as well as the case of Kentucky. Does
the chancellor of the exchequerbeheve that by the
appointment of special com missioners by the Pies-
ident to make a settlement with a State, their re-
ports of settlements to be subject to the revision,
coi rection, and rejection of the President, any in-
justice would be done to the United States ot to the
United States Treasury, or any partiality would
he shown, or would creep into such settlements
for the benefit of the State ? Is nottlie system that
is proposed fair? Is there any objection to it on
the ground of justice, of practicability, of correct-
ness of principle? If the present officers are so
oveiburuencd with the performance of their duties
that they cannot give their time and attention to
the settlement of these accounts on the pait of the
States, is not that a strong and a sufficient reason
why other officers who could give their time to
such impoitant business should he authorized to
he appointed? Would that do any injustice to the
Treasury or the nation? i cannot myself con-
ceive of any valid objection that any Senator can
have to this amendment. We propose a fair and
an honest settlement of our accounts with the
General Government by agents to be appointed
hy the President himself, and the report of the
settlement to be subject to his revision and to his
rejection if he chooses to reject it, or to his mod-
llication or eonectiou.
The reason I feci some interest in this matter
is on account of the exhausted condition of my
State; and it is also that my State is subject to
continual invasion, and has been invaded repeat-
edly by the rebel atmies. I anticipate the same
couiseof events. I want my State to be protected
against those events, when iliey come, as best she
can be; and I want that State to have the benefit
of everything that is due her from the General
Government, that with this money she may make
her means of defense more effective against these
maraudeis when they again invade our State. I
imagine if the genth-man's State was subject to
such incursions and such depredations as have
been committed m the State of Kentucky, fiom
the inability of the General Government to per-
form its duty of defending his State, and the Gen-
eral Government was indebted to las State, as it
is to my State, he would probably have a differ-
ent view of the matter. Why, sir, it is essen-
tially for the benefit of the General Government,
itself, because it in to enable us to perform some-
thing toward our own military defense which the
General Government ought to furnish us fully and
perfectly
I have had repeated letters and conversations
with the Governor of that State in relation to this
matter. He knows the defenseless condition ot
the State. He anticipates, and I anticipate, and all
the people of that State anticipate that there will be
other incursions into the Suite. We want to be
prepared to u-sist them, to beat back the invaders;
and we know that if we could get the $050,001)
which is due tousfiom the General Government,
we could make a more efficient and successful
preparation for that defense than we can without
the money. We want u for that purpose, and for
that purpose alone. We want a fair settlement;
and as we cannot geta fair settlement, or a prompt
settlement, at least, by the officers who now settle
such, accounts, %ve ask that Congress will inter-
pose some extraoi dinai y power, and appoint spe-
cial commissioners who will make a settlement,
who will authorize us to call upon the Treasury
Department for $250,000, that we may use that in
the military defense of the State against the at-
tacks of the rebels.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must still object to this
amendment. I do not know but that the Senator
may have convinced the Senate that we ought to
depart from our usual course with reference to
claims, and fiom what MPs been adopted in behalf
of other States who have made advances for the
defense of the country, in favor of the State of
Kentucky, and pass a bill which will authorize,
if it is carried out in regard to all the States, the
appointment of seventy or eighty commissioners,
more or less, with all their clerks and all the ex-
penses necessarily consequent upon them, in order
to settle these different claims, simply because
Kentucky asks for it in this particular case. At
first, from the feeling which the honorable Sena-
tor manifested about it, I really supposed that it
was a matter of very great consequence; but it
seems now that it is only $250,000. It is not a
very large sum for the great State of Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. It is for apoor man. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 really supposed, at first,
that it must have been some twenty-five millions
or thereabouts, a sum of such infinite importance
and extent that the State of Kentucky could not
wait twenty-four hours without having it paid.
But, sir, if the State has waited so long, and for
the reason that it is not possible yet to settle the
claims at the Department, the natural inference is
that the time is very close at hand when the De-
partment can take up these claims and act upon
them and audit them, if the proper vouchers and
papers have been furnished by the State. At any
rate, m so comparatively small a matter, I really
think it would hardly be wise for Congress to
depart fiom its long-established rules and system
with regard to auditing claims of States as of in-
dividuals. I differ from him in saying that there
ought to be a distinction between the claims of
States and the claims of individuals. States are
usually much better able to wait a little time than
individuals are for money that is due them.
And with regard to the State of Kentucky, I
really think the Government ought not to be very
strongly animadverted upon because it has been
unable to defend that State to the extent that it
would very gladly have done. It certainly has
sent a great many troops there, and has made vast
expenditures there on its own account, not through
the fault of Kentucky, but because of the exposed
condition of Kentucky, and because that happened
to be the seat of war. Like other States, she has
done something—it may be very much, for aught
I know—towaid her own defense. She should
be paid for it; but that is no reason why, in the
pressure that is upon the countiy with icgard to
raising money to meet its expenditures for the
defense of the State of Kentucky, as well as of
other States—a pressure which is upon the Treas-
ury in the fiist place, and then upon the account-
ing officers whom we appoint to ascertain the
amounts of claims—we should establish a prece-
dent which in its results may piobably be attended
with very great e\ils. That is what I object to.
I be£ my honorable friend to wait patiently a lit-
tle longer, assuring him that 1 believe there is
every disposition to hasten the auditing of these
claims as fast as possible, and to pay them as soon
as ^e funds can be had for that purpose. 1 tiust
that he will not ask of the Senate, owing to the
pressure for this $250,000, to vary from all its
precedents and ail its ordinary course in order to
attend to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Air. President, I was not con-
scious of having animadverted upon the Govern-
ment for not having made a more effective defense
of the Stale of Kentucky. Certainly I did not in-
tend to do so, and I have no recollection that I did
do so.
Mr. FESSEKDEN. Only inferentially, by
stating that Kentucky had done what the General
Government ought to have done. The Govern-
ment has tried to do its best, unquestionably; has
tried hard to get money to pay; and tried hard to
do everything else.
Air. jJAVIS. The Senator states that if the
claim is due it ought to be paid. His objection is
that it is too insignificant to attract attention here.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Not quite that. My
friend will state me correctly. I say it is not
large enough to require a departure from the rules
that have been adopted and always insisted upon
by the Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire of the Senator from
Maine if his State did not become the creditor oi
the General Government in the same way for as*
sistance rendered in the war?
Air. FESSENDEN. Not precisely in the same
way, because no attack was made on our State;
but it became the creditor of the General Govern-
ment for advances, and large advances, made for
furnishing troops, &c., as every other State; but
it had to wait to get its money and have its claims
audited, and has not yet got all that is due.
Mr. DAVIS. So 1 supposed. Has the State
of Maine got her money ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. How much is due?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is more than I can
say—not the whole of it, however.
Air. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator says this is a small amount of
money. Well, sir, in olden times, in the days of
honesty and frugality, I used to learn that to a
poor man a small sum was a very important mat-
ter, as much so as a laige sum to a lich man; but
we have fallen upon other times; the honorable
Senator now is in the habit of reporting bills ap-
propriating hundreds of millions of dollars from
the Treasury of the United States for our military
service, and his ideas have become very much
augmented. A man must grow and enlarge and
become very much augmented indeed, who is in
the habit of making reports of bills for hundreds
of millions of dollars, where a few millions used
to suffice. I have not been on this committee, I
have not been long in the Senate, and I have not
grown yet myself a match to the size of voting
such enormous sums of money. I have very much
the old-fashioned views yet in relation to money,
and its judicious and frugal expenditure, and I
think that if the Government had a little more of
those old-fashioned notions, it would be better for
the Treasury and for the country too.
But if this sum is so insignificant or is compar-
atively insignificant, why is the honorable Senator
so much opposed to a commission that will give
us apt ompt settlement of the account, that we may
demand the money from the Treasury? Is not
eight or ten months of importunity, knocking at
the Treasury door, sufficient? Is not that time
enough to exhaust in fruitless attempts to obtain
the settlement of such an account? The State has
sent three times a spccial commissioner here, and
thatgentleman ism this city again,and I suppose,
although I have not had an interview with him,
upon precisely the same business. If so, it is the
thiid or fourth advent he has made to this city to
get this small account settled and paid. Does not
the state of fact which 1 have narrated afford some
little reason why the provision that I ask, for the
appointment of special commissioners to settle
such accounts with all the States, should be
adopted as the policy and the system of the Gen-
eral Government, as it was at the close of the rev-
olutionary war?
1 hope that the honorable Senator from Maine
will take into view the limited and straitened
finances of my State—I admit they are of that
character—and our exposed condition in a mil-
itary point of view, how often we have been in-
vaded, and how we are still subject to be invaded.
Every motive and all the earnestness that I and
the Governor of my State feel in relation to this
subject is, that it may add to our fund with which
to prepare ourposture of defense against the storm
of war when it again bursts upon our State. I
want it foi no other purpose, and for that purpose
I think the justice of the Senator ought to induce
him to cooperate in an honest settlement.of this
claim.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 6; nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Me'-sis. Browning, Davis, Powell. Turpie, Wil
kln- oij, <xik] wlhud of Miswllll—0.
jVA VS— \fe.--iv Anthony, Arnokf, Cbainlfei. Clatfc, Col-
laniei, Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle. Fe^-iidou. Foot. Foster,
Grimes, Mauling, Harlan, Han is", llemton-on. Hick1-, Ken-
nedy, Lant, of Indiana, Lane of Kauris;. MeDouyail. Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Rice, Sliennan, Sumnet, Ten lOyck. YV'dde,
Wilmot, and'WiKou of Massachusetts—JO.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thud time, and passed.
