446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate now
take up biil No. 324, the bankrupt bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. { hope the
motion made by the Senator fiom Connecticut
will not prevail. I desire to ask the Senate to-day
to'act on two or three small bills that 1 think it is
important should be acted upon and decided one
way or the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of fhe Senator from Connecticut to
take up the bill (S. No. 324) for the relief of poor
but honest debtors, &c.
Mr. FOSTER, i can add nothing to what I
said before,and do not wish to do so. It is a bill
which was commenced early in the session and has
been laid aside in consequence of very pressing;
business—business connected with the war and
the finances. We have got to that stage of the ses-
sion when we must acton it if we propose to act
on it at all, it seems to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Thisbill has
a capital title, a taking one; but it will take us
some time after all to pass it through, and I hope
it will not be pressed to-day, but that the Senator
from Connecticut will allow us to take up two or
three bills that I think it is important to act upon.
The motion was not agreed to.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT.
On motion ofMr. WILSON,of Massachusetts,
the biil (S. No. 470) to provide for the greater
comfort of sick and wounded soldiers, and to pro-
mote the efficiency of the medical department of
the Army, was read the second time and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The biil provides that hereafter the rations of
soldiers in the hospitals shall be commuted at thir-
ty cents per ration, which commutation shall be
retained by the commissary department as a credit
to the hospitals, to he expended m the same man-
ner and for the same purpose as the hospital fund
is expended under existing regulations.
The bill also provides for the addition to the
present medical corps of the Army ofone Assistant
Surgeon Geneial, two medical inspectors general,
twenty surgeons, and foi ty assistant suigoons, to
he promoted and appointed in accordance with
the existing laws; also ten nicdica! storekeepers,
and as many medical cadets us the Surgeon Gen-
eral may deem necessary for the public service.
So much of the first section of the act approved
30ih of June, 1834, entitled "An act to increase
and regulate the pay of surgeons and assistant
surgeons of tlieArmy," as requites assistant sur-
geons to serve five years as such befoie being
eligible for promotion to the grade of suigeon, is
to be repealed.
In the oigiiinzation of Army corps, each corps
is to have, in addition to the staff ttulhouzed by
the existing laws, one medical director, to be as-
signed theieto from the Army or volunteer force
by the President ofthe United States.
The chicf medical director of departments and
armies in the field and thesenioi surgeon on duty
in the Surgeon General's Office, regularly so as-
signed by the War Department upon the d< tail of
the Surgeon General, are to have the rank, nay,
and emoluments, each, of a colonel of cavalry.
The bill also provides that., in addition to the
number ofsmi^eons and assistant surgeon?-, oi the
volunteer force authorized by the existing laws,
th ere may be appointed fifty smgeons and two
hundred and fifty assistant, surgeons.
The officers thus authorized to be appointed,
and the medical inspectors authorized by the act
approved ^7tli December, 1862, may continue to
serve as such during the present rebellion, and no
longer, but the officeis appointed under these acts
fsoin the medical staff of the Army are to retain
their respective rank theiun with such promotion
as they would have been entitled to if they had
continued to soive m that staff.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquii e
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs what his exposition is of the necessity of in-
creasing the commutation of the ration as pro-
vided in the first section of this bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Mass jHms"Us. The com-
mutation of the ration now is eighteen cents; this
proposes to make it thirty cents 1 send to the
Chair a statement of Joseph R. Smith , a surgeon
in the Army, which gives a clearer and fuller state-
ment of the case than I could give myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the paper will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Bur, now to illustrate the inefficiency of the present
amount of commutation*.
;£ Some two months *mce the diet tabie« of the Philadel-
phia Hospital, (the Blocklej ) the New York city, (the
BelJevue,) mid the Masqat hu^eif- General Ho-.puais weie
obtained. The^e tiiMitiitionsjiie the tii-t and best managed
hospitals in om country Fmm their diet tables and the
British army diet table !ur lto>pirals, si table was conducted
in this office, suipa--in a: none of ihe above mentioned in
&i7,e oi variety, but it jv ndieved combining their advant-
ajre-j. Thi< talile wa-j ,-cnt to a number ot our best managed
military ho:-piraIs, with oidn-> to-aiu-il) adheie theieto !or
one month, kt:epin« clrwe and nceuiate account-* ot all t-x-
pen«es connected (herewith. 'J'he-e hospitals have .sent
in a repoit oi the month1- e.xpcumerif. and now imuk the
re=u!K :
" Every medical offieei without exception leport* that on
the nnpioved diet the health oi then patient- hat- been rap-
idly anieiioiaU'd ; tlx* chronic ca-e- of \\ ound-, diarihea>,
and debility in parhelion, hive, like magic, nnpioved and
lceoveied. On the othei hand, every medical officer with
equal unaninnty\acse! tsthat this impioveddiet has itin then
bo-pital in debt iiont fifty to tlitec huiuhed dollars, accent-
ing to the size ot the hospital* Be u mnemheu'd, that this
result obtain* Item cxjieiidituio lbi lood alone; and the
hospital is entuely deprived of the many other articles con-
ducing to the comfoi t of tho sick which t-hould bepiocurwd
liom the hospital fund.
"The alternative then piesents, to depuve the sick of a
quantity and quality ot food v\ Inch htf> been pioved to be
most beneficial to them, oi to tumi-h the means of pioeur-
iinr it.
•kThirty cents per day is not a large amount to sustain
life upon, and the gioawi boivice performed by each tiuh-
| vidual man, m consequence of more fpoedy lestoiatiou to
duty, will more than compensate 101 the flight additional
C.\ JH'llSt'
"Tin* depai tmenr ha« not the slightest advantage to gain
horn lie' desiied change, except im ichet hom the unneees-
sarilv long caie ot the sick It ha* no desire to become a
disbuiMiig agent, oi to ni.ik-' imv change in the jr.eM-nt
method ot admin L-tci :ng the ho-jmai t und. Bui it doe* de-
sue to empty the ho-p:taN and ic-toie the Mck to Iwalth.
and believes that the ! beial d'et wlueh can he attended only
in the way a^ked loi in tin- section will eft<;et Tins object ^
MrAV ILSON, of Massachusetts. I have noth-
ing to add to this statement of Surgeon Smith 1
have ;t I so ived v ed a com om meal ion fi om the Su r-
geon Genera! "f similar import. It is believed by
the Suigeon Go tjeial, and by others who have in-
vestigated the subject, that Unity cents a day is
not too huge. Senators may think thata less sum
will answer the puinose equally well. That the
sum ought to be increased beyond eighteen cents,
I think e vet ybud y w ill adm11. I have no doubt
that many Imndi t Us, if not thousands, of ,sick and
wounded men have gone to their graves because
they had not the necessary nom ish ment, and who,
if they had had that nourishment, would have ie-
coveied. The obji ct of* this bill is to aid oui sick
and wounded sold teis; the obp'-'t is to i eptwie (!iem
to health and aliens.■>, and to the son ice of the
counfiv, as speediiv as possible.
Mr. FESSEINDKlX. t am \ety<;lad that there
is one section in iIik 1 >i!i — J b<-lievo it is the only
oil'*—which does not |uop<\-e to t< 1 u>\ the sick
and wounded soldiers by nn-tenMnu the pay .unl
rank of the smgeons. I !>•>!i<*vo ..11 the other sec-
tions are confined to that: arid it is a nhrf to see
that in one section something e!s( is
proposed
Now, sir, I am at a loss to midcistand why it is
that there has been any suffei ing m tlie hospitals.
We nppropiiated last yeai for the use ofthe med-
ical and surgical department during the cuirent
year something between five and six million dol-
lais. We have appropriated as a deficiency to bring
up arrears of the yeai between foui and five mil-
ium dollars moic; and it would appear e\i<fc-nt
from that, and from the rept.rtof the Suigeon Gen-
eral, that there has 1 cm no staying of the hand
m providing for the comfort, of the sick for want
of money or credit. When they have had a spe-
cific amount of money and unlimited credit to pro-
vide for the eomfoitof the sick and wounded sol-
diers, and pay salaries, dec , it is a mystery to me
how they could have allowed anybody m the hos-
pitals to suffer. The appropriation was a general
one; it placed so muth, a given sum, at the dis-
posal of the medical department; and one of the
items in that genera! proxision was for ice and
other comfoi ts for the sick and wonnded soldiers.
It was so general as to allow them the most ample
veige and authority, mid they have exercised it
precisely according to their own judgment, and
called upon us to make up a deficiency. While I
do not undertake to say they did not need all the
money they have expended, I do undertake to say
that when they had millions of money at their
disposal, and millions of credit more, which they
have used, if the sick and wounded soldiers in the
hospitals have suffered for want of the necessary
comforts which ought to have been provided for
them, considering their condition, it is not the fault
of Congress; and it is not for want of money, and
not for want of ample power to provide for them.
This ycarthe Surgeon General has sent in—and
it is not for me to say that it is not proper—an
estimate at eight dollars a man. It was predicated
last year upon seven dollars a man. This year
he has sent in an estimate of eight dollars a man,
raising it one dollar, and predicating the whole
number of person^to be provided for at one mil-
lion and a half men, making $12,000,000, m round
numbers, for the coming year. The very large
sum asked for led the Finance Committee to in-
vestigate the items, and we have made our icportj
and m two particulars we have cut down the
amount asked for. We havecutdown the amount
for medicine and medical supplies, and the amount
for clothing and furmtureof four hospitals, for the
reason that it is perfectly manifest that there must
be very large stocks of these things on hand; and
as to the hospitals, they have been supplied with
the necessaryelothmgandfurniture. We believed
that at any rate, until we could get something; like
a detailed estimate showing" the items, which we
have never yet been able to get, it would be better
only to make ample provision until the next ses-
sion of Congress upon the basis stated. As I have
said, we have already appropriated between four
and five millions for the balance of this year; and
one of the items for next year is " for ice and other
necessary comforts for sick and wounded sol-
diers." Is not that broad enough to coverevcry-
thing that is needed for a hospital ? Must we in-
crease the Army ration to enable the medical
department to piovide properly for the sick arid
wounded m hospitals'
1 ask thes< qn< stions not that.I am disposed to
deny all necessary relief to our sick and wounded
men, for I will vote any amount of money, any
latum that may he found to be necessary, to pro-
vuh e\.-i y thing that is required m order to i est ore
our sick and vvoundi d solduns to health, in the
hospitals or out of i hem ; but what I want to know
is, with this ample ptovision and all the money
that is asked for in tho estimates to provide ice
and other necessary comforts for our sick and
wounded t-oldieis, w bat mi thewoild is the neces-
sity for increasing the ration? If the Senator can
explain that to me, and make it evident to my
miodjas I said before, I will vote any amount
which may be nectssary; but until it is made
deai, I really feel \ ei y tin willing to let the matter
pass without, at least, calling to it the attention
of the Senate.
The letter which has been read is very sensible,
so far as it goes. Itsajs that when they have
these things, the men improve on them. So bo
it; but my difficulty i.s, 1 do not see why they
have not pt ovision enough and po vvcr enough now
wtthout this bill. I do not see the necessity that
atisis for increasing the commutation of the ra-
tion in order to effect the object, if an explana-
tion can be given of that, of course I am willing
to vote anything that may be found necessary on
examination.
Mr. GRIM ES. Mr. President, the object sought
to be accomplished by the Committee on Military
Affans, ftom which the bill emanates, isceitainly
a veiv laudable andpioper one. Heaven knows
that I desire to promote the objects specified in the
title of the bill, namely, to provide for the greater
comfoi t of sick and wounded soldiers, and to pro-
mote the efficiency of the medical department of
the Army. I think that the sick and disabled
soldiers ought to be comforted, and I am cleaily
of the opinion that the tfficiency of the medical
department of the Army might be and needs to be
promoted; but 1 should like to be certain that I
am going to accomplish these objects when I vote
for this bill. I want to know the machinery by
which that purpose is to be attained.
It i5? a fact i believe which seems to be tolera-
bly well admitted, at least it comes to me in such
shape that I am prepared to believe it, that under
the present ration, allowing only eighteen cents
a day to sick soldiers, large amounts of money
have been made by persons connected with hos-
pitals. Sick soldiers do not exhaust a great deal
of material; they are not very ravenous of com-
missaiy stoies; and J am told that with the ration
fixed at eighteen cents men have accu mulated large
estates. I do not know whet In r it is true; but the
