1668.
TB! CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
MS
sertion. There are memorable instances in point
that wilt be recollected by Senators now present.
O'Rielly, who deserted from our Army in Mex-
ico, and made the best engineer they had in their
army, was captured in the city of Mexico. He
was tried. He was not punished. Why? Be-
cause he w.as not a citizen of the United States.
He had declared his intention to become a citizen,
but had not completed his naturalization.
Sir, this is not all of it. How much of trouble
with foreign countries will it involve us in if we
persist in carrying into effect this clause of the
bill? The Secretary of State has told some of the
representatives of other countries that we do not
claim the power to enlist these persons and force
them into our armies. There is no Government
on the face of the earth that will permit its citi-
zens or subjects who have not become naturalized
in this country to be foicod into our Army, and
to be tried and punished for desertion if they leave
it. It is likely to do us incalculable mischief
with other countries if we persist 111 carrying it
into effect. It will involve us in difficulties and
in troubles. It can do no good. It gives you no
efficient soldiers, because you cannot punish them
for desertion; ami iL is lutble to involve us in dif-
ficulties with other countries, because we claim
to  appropriate the services of citizens who owe
duty to them, to our use and our purposes m our
Army.
There is another section in the bill, to which I
invite the attention of the chairman of4 the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for a moment. It is,
1 believe, the twenty-first section. That section
is as follows:
Sec. 21. J2nd be it farther enacted, That so much of the
fillli action of the aetappiovcd July 17, 1862, entitled '* \n
act to amend an art calling forth the iniiitia to execute the
laws of the Union,"' &c ,'n- requires tin; approval of 'h
President to cairy into execution the sentence or' a eowt-
martial, be, and the same i.-* hereby, repeated, as far a" re-
lates to eat rying into execution the sentence of any eourt-
matfial ajj.wii-t any person convicted as a s pv or deserter,
or of mutiny, or murder; and hereairer sentences in pun-
ishment of these offense* may he carried into execution
upon the approval of the commanding general in the field.
Why does the bill stop at those offenses? If
there is reason why the general in the field should
carry into execution the punishment of those
crimes that are punished with death, why should
he not carry into execution those that are pun-
ished with a lighter grade of punishment? it
seems to me if there is any reason in the world
tor the revision of the President of tiie United
States, or one person, it is in those cases, leaving
out of view the spies or deserters from our own
Army, where the punishment is death. I can
conceive of a very good reason why a soldier who
has been guilty of murder or of mutiny should
have his sentence reviewed, from every army,
from every corps, and every portion of the coun-
try by the same person, that you may have uni-
formity in your decisions and in your actions
upon those subjects. You have now, I believe,
sixteen army corps.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
now twenty-four army corps.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Twenty-four, I am told.
Then you have twenty-four independent com-
manders. Each one of the twenty-four has the
power, in cases where the individuals tried by
courts-martial ate to be executed, where the pud*
ishment following conviction is death, to carry it
into execution or not, as he pleases; but when
you come to the lighter offenses, punished by dis-
missal if an officer, there you send the sentence
to the President of the United .Slates, and he re-
views it. Sir, it is as necessaiy to discipline that
these sentences should be executed rapidly and
quickly as those others to which the bill refers,
and which are not to be sent to the President for
review.
But, Mr. President, there is another section of
the bill to which I wish lo cali attention—the sec-
ond section. When tins bill was previously under
consideration in the Senate I made my objections
to it. I stated that there was no prohibition upon
the President of the United States requiring him
to draw equally from every portion ot the coun-
try for those who are to enter the Army of the
country; that the President has unlimited and
absolute power to call upon any State for all the
able-bodied men of the first class she has, and
may call upon no other State for any. There is
no limitation upon the power: the power is abso-
lute with him. Illinois may be stripped of her
men, and they may be sent forth to fight, while
Massachusetts and Ohio may have none called
forth. It rests with the President alone. In a
districtof country opposed to His policy you may
draft them all; if opposed to his polities you may
draft them all. In a section of country according
with his politics, where they want to carry an
election, you may draw for none. There is no
limitation on his power.
Sir, I am not to be met and told that you will
not do this; that you must trust some things to
the honesty and integrity of the Administration,
when I observe, as 1 see staled in the papers this
morning, that an entire regiment is being sent in
view of the election in New Hampshire next
week 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The Senator will please address the
Chair. 0
Mr. RICHARDSON. With great pleasure,
sir. The Chair will pardon me. In the heat of
debate I forgot propriety.
A regiment, four hundred strong, has been or-
dered from the field into the State of New Hamp-
shire. Why? What for? it becomes important
to carry an election, if, atan enormous expense,
you will send regiments home to vote, you need
not tell me you will not send into that section ot
the country where you have political opponents
and carry them from their homes into the Army,
instead of drawing equally upon every portion of
the country for troops to fight your battles.
The bill is liable to all these objections. Tt not
only places m the hands of the President of the
United States the absolute power to take the en-
tne able-bodied men of eveiy section of the coun-
try, of all sections, but of any one. I know too
much, 1 have seen too much of this thing not to
know that you will use it for political purposes.
In my own State, while particular regiments were
kept in their camps and prevented from voting,
others were transferred at the public expense all
over the State, in order to carry elections. When
I see these things happening around me every
day, when I believe the fact to exist now, I am
unwilling to confer this poweron the Presidentof
t he United States, it may be ail right; but i fear
it is all wrong. With an Army of eight hundred
thousand to-day in the field, more immense and
stupendous than any country in Europe has ever
had or any commander ever been at the head of,
you tell me that you wantconscription bills to fill
up your Army. Napoleon crossed into Russia,
when he invaded that, country, with less than five
hundred thousand men. No country in Europe
has ever marshaled such an army. With over
eight hundred thousand men in the field, you say
it is necessary to give contiol to the President to
call into the field the balance of our people that
we may crush four hundred thousand men in re-
bellion against us.
Mr. President, it may be intended for this pur-
pose; but when i look at history; when I see how
the republics that have gom; before us have fallen;
when I see the fields upou which liberty has been
lost, I fear to give this power to any man, 1 care
not who he may be. Though he might be pure,
patriotic, spotless as he could be, 1 would not con-
fer the powei. in the progiess of history we have
found but one Washington. In all the history of
the world we have found no man that lias put
away the crown when thrust upon him but Wash-
ington. We have passed the experiment once;
do not let us try it again.
Mr. President, I am reminded every day of the
rapid changes that are being made in this coun-
try. Yesterday morning I had occasion to pass
by the Presidential Mansion. I hud passed that
mansion often befoie. 1 saw there, as I passed,
soldiets at the door with bayonets on their guns
and their guns upon their shoulders. As I passed
along 1 saw a couple of stacks of guns—arms
stacked. They belonged to the sentinels who
walked there from morning till night and from
nnHit till morning. I passed to the War Depart-
ment, and theie 1 saw the same thing. I went to
the Navy Department, and there I saw the same
thing. , .
Mr. GRIMES. I beg the Senator's pardon.
He says he saw sentinels about the Navy De-
partment. I think he is mistaken about that.
There have been none there.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, sir, I do not know
whether they were exactly in the Department or
not; but along the walk, on the south side of it,
traversing beyond it, I saw-the sentinels treetd;
and 1 saw at the door of the War Departments
sentinel with his gun, and I had to pass him.
M r. GRIMES. It may be at the War Depart-
ment, but not at the Navy Department.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It may be thatmy frietod
has the shibboleth by which he can enter with-
out passing the sentinel. I had not. •
Mr. GRIMES. There is none asked.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I remembered in our
history, when I had traversed those walks before,
there was no sentinel; there was no hail; there
was no question by a sentinel around the door,
" your business, sir, in this Department." Sir,
I saw it at the Presidential Mansion; a«d I saw
it at the War Department. I had traversed those
walks for fourteen years before; and I had never
seen it there then. I thought as I traveled along
that those two regiments of men thus guarding the
Presidential Mansion, thus guarding the walks in
front of his house, where there was no danger,
might in some stern and stubborn battle save the
country by turning the tide of battle. Such a battle
may have been lost because they were not there.
These emblems of regiU power placed there to
familiarize our people with them filled me with
sorrow and sadness. For the first time in our his-
tory these things have occurred. Washington had
no sentinel while President, Adams had none,
Jefferson none, Madison none, Monroe none,
Adams none, Jackson none, Van Buren none,
Harrison none, Tyler none, Polk none, Taylor
none, Fillmore none, Pierce none, Buchanan none.
It was reserved for Lincoln in the midst of civil
war to call to guard his mansion, the War Office,
the residence of his generals in the city of Wash-
ington, two regiments of near two thousand men
Mr. President, when I look around me, every-
where I see the evidences that this great Govern-
ment, under which we have lived and prospered
so long and so much, is falling into pieces. That
bird, the proud emblem of our liberty, 1 fear will
plume her wing, and take her flight from us for-
ever; and the ruins of this Republic will be scat-
tered along the highway of nations, where lie the
ruins of all the republics that have gone before us.
Sir, I have seen these things with great pain.
When I turn, and contemplate the legislation that
is proposed here; when I look abroad, and see
there is no necessity for it, when 1 know there is
no necessity for it; when I know the moment the
President of the United States proclaims the fact
that this war is to be fought for the preservation
of the Constitution and the restoration of the
Union, soldiers fully armed, sufficient to clear the
Mississippi river from the mouth of the Ohio to
the Gulf of Mexico, will go teeming to the war,
I do not feel like conferring this power.
But, Mr. President, there are other objections
to this bill that to me are insurmountable. Those
that 1 have stated are ample and complete. I have
heard it said by gentlemen that this is the best
way to get soldiers for the Army. It is not so,
sir; it is not true. I do not mean by that that gen-
tlemen do not believe what they say to be true.
1 have no doubt about that; but in my judgment
it is not in accordance with the fact. I mean to
state it politely if I can. I think I can show that
it is not in accordance with the fact. A willing
soldier insures success to armies. Willing sol-
diers learn the discipline more quickly than those
who are forced to go into the Army. Unwilling
soldiers, unless they are perfectly drilled and dis-
ciplined, and the individuality of the soldier is
gone, never won a battle upon eaith and never
will. Look at our western army, and its condi-
j! tion. When our western army went into the field,
volunteered, under a policy to save the country
and preserve the Constitution, no foe ever saw
their backs in time of battle. They were success-
ful on every field; or, if not successful upon every
field, they taught those in rebellion that they were
their superiors, able to whip them with equal ad-
vantages, wherever they were encountered. Since
the President issued his proclamation, and they
commenced to discuss it and talk about it, we have
had but few succcsses. The effect of that proc-
lamation, whether rightfully or wrongfully, has
been disastrous to our Army, it has been disas-
trous to our cause; and more disastrous to our
Army than it has been to our cause.
What else did it do? By the issuing of that
proclamation you made the conscripts in the rebel
