448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22.
are brave, they are honest, they are gallant; you
never see those officers here; no appropriations
are passed for them; no increase of rank is made
by which they are benefited. They have the labor
to perform, and the Stieaks and the rascals get the
benefit.
I shall vote against this bill, and hereafter—no,
I Will not say what I shall do hereafter in regard
to other measures, for I may change my mind;
t>ut until I see some determination manifested here
in this city that the Government shall be vindi-
cated in its constitutional rights, and until I see
that there is a disposition manifested to econo-
mize instead of squandering the public money, I
shall vote against all bills of this kind.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I should
like to ask of the Chair what is the motion before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate; there is no pending amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to strike out the
fifth section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us finish the first
section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tioivis in order.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I insist upon it
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let us stick
to the first section now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the first sec-
tion is in relation to the commutation of the ra-
tion. 1 would be among the last men who would
give a vote which I supposed would deprive the
wounded and sick men in the hospitals of all ne-
cessary comforts. It is intimated, and more than
distinctly avowed, as I understanditfrom the let-
ter which has been read here, that the food of the
inmates of the hospitals is confined to what can
be got out of the commutation of their rations. I
understand it so. I desire to be set right if it is
not so.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Their ra-
tions and whatever hospital fund they have.
Mr. COLLAMER. That hospital fund comes
from the rations.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. From any
excess. If it is all used up, there is no hospital
fund. The soldiers are entitled to a ration each.
If the hospital draws from the quartermaster the
ration for every man, and the men consume it all,
then out of the ration no hospital fund can come;
but they do not consume it all, and therefore there
is a fund accumulated, and that fund is expended
generally for the purpose of buying such stores
as sick men need.
Mr. COLL A A'] ER. I understand still that what-
ever that hospital fund ih, it is derived solely from
the commutation of the ration.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand it to be so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that it comes
from the commutation of the lations; that which
they do not consume. If they consume them, or
if they take the eighteen cents in lieu of drawing
the ration in kind, there is no fund. We are
asked now to commute the ration at thirty cents,
as I understand, instead of eighteen. What for?
To increase the hospital fund, to enable them to
buy food that will cost more than the ration would,
but, of a kind more suited to sick men. That is all
proper enough; but I want to know where the law
is that confines the food which is needed for sick
men in the hospitals to that which they can t^et out
of the commutation of thejr ration. Where is the
low for that? Is there any such law? If thcie
is, we outfit to repeal it.
Mr. SHERMAN, I think I can answer the
Senator, more from experience than from books.
It is the experience of all nations that th" cost of
the food of a sick soldier is not greater than the
cost of the food of a well soldier. Thcref'on: the
rations are precisely the same. The sick cannot
eat so much; but they eat a diffeient qual.ty.
Mr. COLLAMER. A more expensive lund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And they iheufoie com-
mute instead of taking the ration in kind.
All. SHERMAN. I will state Anther, that un-
der our hnv the lation of the soldier, when he is
siJc, is not delivered to the soldier in kind; butthc
commutation, eighteen cents or whatever it is, is
paid to the hospital fund when he goes to a hos-
pital, and out of that fund the food is purchased
and paid for. It has been the rule at least of other
nations, and has been the general practice, I be-
lieve, that the cost of the food of a sick soldier can-
not exceed the cost of the food of a well soldier,
because the quantity in the one case makes up for
the value in the other.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state in answer to the
other question of the Senator from Vermont, I do
not know what the rule now is, but I know what
it used to be when we had garrisons in the State
in which I live—that some other money went into
the hospital fund in addition to the commutation
of the ration.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know where it is
derived from.
Mr. GRIMES. From fines and penalties, and
various other matters that are small m themselves,
but in theaggiegate amount to a good deal.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, we are informed by
the authority which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts produces and reads here, that this pre-
sumption of nations of which we are told, is not
true. We understand distinctly from the letter
of the surgeon, which has been read, that the
commutation of eighteen cents which the men
get for the ration will not support the men in hos-
pital comfortably. Then, by the practice here, it
seems that the presumption arising from the prac-
tice of other nations is rebutted, and the fact is
not so. Now, if there is any law that confines
the supplies to that commutation or to the amount
of their rations, it ought to be repealed. I doubt
whether there is any such law. I do not believe
there is. I do not think we have any such law
on our statute-book. They have got into a usage
of that kind; but it turns out that the usage will
notunswer. Then they should break it up. They
should not undertake to confine the men to the
rations. This brings mc to what has been re-
marked by the Senator from Maine, that in our
appropriations we allowed all that was asked for.
It seems the ordinary appropriations for the med-
ical department being upon the basis of six dol-
lars a year for every man in the service, we made
last year an appropriation computed at eight dol-
lars a man for all the men in the service, and there
has been now estimated a ldr e sum to be appro-
priated to the Suigeon Geneial's department, to
enable them to get along, and it includes in its
items everything that is nccessary for the com-
fort of the men, sometimes specifying things, but
with a sweeping expression of everything else
that is necessary. If it is true that after we have
appropriated that money to supply everything
which may be necessary, we have to fiddle away
with tins commutation of the ration, and the men
arc going to be kept on that still, I should like
to know how it happens, by what law it is re-
quired. 1 do not understand that there is any
such law.
Mr. RICE. 1 will state to the honorable Sen-
ator that there is no law on the subject. This com-
mutation is by regulation; and the price is fixed
according to the cost of the ration to the Govern-
ment at the place where the soldier is, so that it
may vary from five to eighteen cents.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why is it that anybody
should make a regulation and persist m it, requir-
ing that the soldieis in hospital shall he fed on
that which it is known will notfeed them? Why
should such a regulation be permitted to exist?
Mr. R ICE. The regulation in fact became a
law; for 1 believe all the regulations made have
been adopted by Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. No.
Mr. RICE. Most of them have been.
Mr. GRIMES. Congress passed a law direct-
ing that the regulations made by the Department
should have the force and effect of law, provided
they did not contiavene an act of Congiess; but
then the Department can change their own regu-
lations to suit themselves.
Mr. RICE. Exactly.
Air. COLLAMER. They can change this reg-
ulation without oui legislating about it. If the
present commutation of the lation will not furnish
the men in the hospitals with what they need, why
should not the Depaitmentchange it atonce; why
come here for legislation on that subject5 They
should make the leguluttons right, and make them
as the necessity of the occasion demands; and we
should not bo asked to spend our time on such
questions, and to vote supplies over and over in
three or foui different wavs to accommodate our-
selves to the regulations which they make. I shall
not vote for this section of the bill, unless some
better reason be stated for it than has yet been.
I take it that the men can be and should be fur-
nished with all they need out of the appropriations
we have made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I intend to
vote for every bill reported by the Military Com-
mittee, that-in my judgment will promote the effi-
ciency of the service, and carry out the purposes
declared in the title of this bill; but having looked
over this bill for the first time since it has been
called up, I will state my impressions of it.
The first section will increase tne annual ex-
penses of the war $3,942,000. I take the number
of patients in the hospitals as reported to us by
the Surgeon General. I do not mention the num-
ber; but taking the number reported by him, the
increase of expense by the first section of the bill
will be $3,042,000. It establishes a fixed stand-
ard of value for a ration, which is a peculiarity of
this bill. The value of the ration varies in differ-
ent parts of the country. In Ohio the value of a
soldier's ration is twelve and seven tenths cents.
It is at that rate that the soldiers of Ohio were paid
while in camp under the charge of the State. It
varies in different States. Now, it is impossible
and unjust and impracticable to establish a fixed
sum for the value of a ration. For instance, in
the hospitals at Cincinnati the ration for a sick
soldier need not cost twenty cents, when it costs
in the city of Washington thirty cents; so that,
under the operation of the first section of the bill,
the hospital fund in Cincinnati would accumulate
largely m excess of the hospital fund in Wash-
ington. It is, therefore, an absurdity to make a
fixed sum for the price of a ration. In the State
of Iowa, where it is said they burn corn now for
fuel, I have no doubt the ration of a well soldier
would be about ten or twelve cents; in Vermont
it might be twenty cents. The cost of a sick sol-
dier in Iowa would be proportionably less, because
it is the fixed and established rule, I believe, among
military nations, that the cost of feeding a well
soldier is no greater, and generally no less, than
the cost of feeding a stck soldier.
I say, therefore, that the first section of this bill
is founded upon an erroneous idea. It. fixes a value
to apply to all the broad extent of this country
without regarding the differences of price and lo-
cation; and hence it is unjust.
Thcie is another thing. It is estimated by the
Surgeon General that the number of sick in the
camps is equal to the number of sick in the hos-
pitals. The ration of the sick in the camps ought
to be precisely the same as the ration of the sick
in the hospitals; and yet there is no proposition
here to change the ration of the sick in camp.
Many of our soldieis who are taken suddenly ill
arc compelled to lie in a tent or in a barracks?
without any of the conveniences of a hospital.
There this bill docs not propose to change the ra-
tion , where a change is most imperatively needed.
I say, therefore, the first section of the bill is
not drafted upon correct principles. It applies
one general fixed value to the ration of a soldier
m the hospital. It increases the expenses of the
Government neaily four million dollars a year. I
see no occasion for it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask the Senator from Ohio if it increases the ex-
penses a single dollar more than is absolutely
necessary if* the fund is honestly administered.
Every dollar of this fund that is not used goes back
to the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot tell that. The
function of Congress is to control, limit, regulate
these expendituies. If we leave it to the Depart-
ments, we may as well adjourn and go home.
The purpose of Congress at least is to control
them. I say that this section is founded on an
erroneous idea. It may be that in the city of Wash-
ington eighteen cents is not enough; but who fixes
the price of the ration ' 1 s there any law of Con-
gress fixing the price of the ration? Not at all.
It is fixed by the regulations of the War Depart-
ment, and the commutation price of the lation at
different places you will find printed in the Blue
Book which is in your committee rooms. They
can change this price. If eighteen cents is not
enough, they can make it fifty cents. It is our
duty to appropriate money enough to enable the
Commissary General to supply the rations to all
the soldiers of the Army, sick or well. We should
therefore, perhaps, increase the appropriation
made to the Commissary General; but it is the
