1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who does not deeply condemn and reprobate the
proclamation and its doctrines.
Mr. WILKINSON. That is not exactly the
question. The Senator from Illinois charged that
this proclamation demoralized our force. I had
the authority, I will venture to say, of a very gal-
lant Kentucky colonel to the contrary; and that
is what I wish to say—not what his private opin-
ions were, but in regard to the condition of the
Army.
Mr. DAVIS. I know,as a fact, that some Ken-
tucky officers have resigned in consequence of the
proclamation.
Mr. WILMOT. They ought to be court-mar-
tialed.
Mr. DAVIS. If you would court-martial your
President you would do better. I know, further-
more, that many of the Kentucky troops were
deeply dissatisfied, and the efforts of men of high
position and great intelligence were made hon-
estly and successfully to hold them to their office;
and that was done. But I know that the heart and
enthusiasm of the Kentucky troops in the cause
of their coun try would have been much greater and
deeper than it is if those proclamations had not
been issued. I know, furthermore, that if these
proclamations had not been issued, and the war
had been conducted upon the principles adopted
by the Administration at the start, there would
have been no secession party in Kentucky that
would have been worth naming; there would have
been but one party in that State, and 1 believe
in all the border slave States, and that a Union
party.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is evident, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this bill is to pass and become a law,
so far as the forms of legislation can avail for that
purpose. It is not my intention to attempt to
speak against time, or to detain the Senate with
any remarks which I consider unnecessary for
the defining of my own position with reference to
this measure. I was absent on the occasion when
the bill originally passed the Senate; and noticing
in the papers of the country that it was heralded#
as a fact that it passed without opposition, no
Senator even calling for a division, I wish to place
myself right on the record, and to assume ail the
responsibility which attaches to the position, by
entering my solemn protest against the adoption
of the report of the committee of conference which
consummates the passage of the bill. I regaidit
as the crowning act in a series of acts of legisla-
tion which surrender all that is dear to the pri-
vate citizen into the keeping and at the mercy of
the Executive of this nation. I know thatin mak-
ing this declaration there are many self-styled
patriots throughout the land who will only con-
sider it, or profess to consider it, as additional evi-
dence of a want of sympathy in the cause of the
country, and perhaps as additional evidence of
sympathy for those who are in revolution. The
imputation, either by the interested or designing, of
improper motives to me can have no effcct what-
ever. I pass them by as the idle wind which I
regard not.
While I do not intend at this late hour to at-
tempt to enter fully into the discussion of the prin-
ciples involved m this measure, I shall claim at
the close of the session that privilege which is left
to every free American citizen, of speaking for a
few minutes, honestly, truthfully, my honest con-
viction of the impolicy of the measure now before
the Senate. I know it is considered in some quar-
ters >n this country that the freedom of speech
and the free exercise of speech are little less than
treason itself. I propose to read the opinion of
one of the greatest men who ever was a member
of this body in reference to this matter, that those
who declaim so loudly against tiie freedom of de-
bate and the freedom of speech may at least learn
something of the wisdom of the past, if they can-
not be taught to receive and to profit by it. Dan-
iel Webster said:
>• Ir [free speech] h a home-bred right—a fireside privi-
lege. it lias ever been enjoyed in eveiy hou^e, cottage,
and cabin in the nation. St is not to he drowned m con-
troversy. It is as undoubted as the right of bieathmg the
air ami"walking on the earth. It is a right to be maintained
in peace ami m war. It is a right winch cannot be invaded
without de>froyingoonstitutioual liberty. Hence this right
frhoukl b«' guarded and protected by (he freemen oi this
country with a jealous care, unless "they are piepaied for
chains and anarchy.
In the free exercise of that right, held by him
to be so inestimable, I propose to state very brief-
ly some objections to this bill. The first section
of the bill provides:
That all able-bodied male citizens of the United States,
and person? of foreign birth who shall have declared on oath
their intention to become citizens under and m pursuance
of the laws thereof, between the ages of twenty and forty-
five years, except hereinafter excepted, are hereby de-
clared to constitute the national forces, and shall be liable
to perform military duty in the service of the United States
when called out by the President for that purpose.
I have read this section of the bill for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the country to one
, fact, which, while it may be distasteful to gentle-
1 men on the floor of the Senate; which, while it
may be supposed is unnecessarily dragging into
this controversy a matter of which they have heard
so much already, yet is a subject proper to be con-
sidered by the Senate and people, proper to be
considered by the country; and which if we were
wise we would consider maturely before we adopt
that section of the bill. I assert that under the
law governing this Administration, under the law
as declared by the highest law officer of this Gov-
ernment, this bill not only authorizes the calling
into the servicc of the country of the able-bodied
white men, but it authorizes the calling into the
service of every able-bodied free negro between
the ages of twenty and forty-five in the land. Why
do I say so? I say so because the present At-
torney General of the United States has expressed
the opinion in writing, that the free neg-roes are
citizens of the United States. That opinion is the
law at least of this Administration. While I dis-
sent from it; while I hold that there is no more
law in it than there was in his celebrated argument
in reference to the power of the President to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, yet it is the law to
this Administration; the law under which they
'will have the power to act, and which there is no
indication from their action heretofore or from any
circumstances of the present that they will not
avail themselves of. I shall not argue upon the
propriety or impropriety of calling this class of
persons into the national forces, but I beg leave
to read an extract which I took this morning From
a leading journal supporting this war, supporting
this bill, supporting this Administration, to show
what may be the consequence resulting from call-
ing this class of persons into the service of the
United States. A correspondent of the New York
Tribune, writing from Hilton Head, South Caro-
lina, on the 19th instant, says:
" For some weeks preparations for a foray upon an ex-
tensive scale into some ot the most thickly populated dis-
tricts of one of th<' three States comprised in the Depart-
ment of the South have been in progress with the greatest
possible secrecy. Few persons williin our lines are aware
of the project even at this tune, when orders to begin the
movement are-about being given. The plan is to surprise
the rebels, not with the phantom, but the reality of servile
insurrection, by the sudden appeaiance, in arms. in the re-
gion selected, ol a body of no less than five thousand ne-
groes, properly led by whiter, and supported by regular
troops. Communication has been opened and kept up for
some time by truHwoitliy contuibands with the bondmen of
the chosen field of operations, ami they know when the
liberating host will appear, and are ready to rise m thou-
sands and swell it to a wave so mighty that it will sweep
both rebchon and slavery out of existence wherever it may
roll. The words of Wendell Phillips at Plymouth church
will be realized; the question of fighting rebels with their
slaves placed beyond the control of politicians. A great
volcano is about bursting, whose lava will burn and flow
and destroy despite ' conservatism' and 'peace resolutions.'
The exact direction of the expedition the northern public
is most likely to learn first through southern punts."
Now, Mr. President, am I not justified in say-
ing it is probable, if this bill becomes a law, that
the Executive, acting under the advice of his law
officer that this class of persons are citizens, will
not only arm them in numbers of five thousand,
but that he will call out the entire negro force of
the country, and that the scenes and consequences
here depicted will be suffered to be realized every-
where throughout the land ? If such be the object
of this bill, if such be now in the imagination of
the Executive and those who support this meas-
ure, that the helpless women and children, the
aged and the infirm of the southern States are to
become the victims of the brutality of these worse
than savages, I ask you, sir, if you suppose this
bill is to become efficient—efficient in suppressing
what you call a rebellion? If the people of the
country would tamely submit to witnessing these
scenes; if manhood, to say nothing of chivalry,
has forsaken the free, independent white men of
the North, and such a scheme could be carried
out, it may be possible that you might suppress
the rebellion by deluging the whole southern land
with blood; but if there be in this land a man so
lost to honor and to human feeling that he eould
desire such a result as this, he must certainly be
an exception to his species. Whenever that sort
of warfare shall be attempted to be inaugurated;
hundreds, thousands, and millions of brave and
honorable men, who will not see helpless child-
hood butchered by savages, will rise in defense
of human rights and a common humanity.
I have alluded to this provision of the bill be-
cause if itbe true,as I presume will not be doubt-
ed, that the Attorney General has given this opin-
ion, it is to be presumed that the Administration
will receive that opinion as law. I am not willing
to trust to the foroearance of the Administration
in this matter. Seeing the policy advocated, see-
ing it stated in an influential journal advocating
the policy of this Administration* that the at-
tempt is being set on foot on a small scale within
the southern States, I have no right to think that
when the power is given by act of Congress it
will not be exercised to its fullest extent.
But, sir, I will not further discuss that provis-
ion of this bill. My objection to the bill is radi-
cal and on principle. It is utterly, wholly, and
absolutely unconstitutional. While I do r*ot pre-
tend to be more wise in reference to a knowledge
of constitutional principles than others; while I
do notassume that my judgment in this matter is
infallible, I think the argument made this morn-
ing by my colleague upon the constitutional power
of Congress to pass this general conscription
bill is unanswerable. Gentlemen seem to have
forgotten, in their zeal for the suppression of this
rebellion nominally, but for the destruction of do-
mestic slavery really, that the powers of the Fed-
eral Government under which we live are not so
absolute, not so unlimited as the powers of an
absolute monarchy. My colleague showed you
this morning that the attempt to exercise such a
power as this had never been made even under
the limited monarchy of Great Britain; that it was
never resorted to even where the power of the
Crown is so much greater than is the power of
the President here.
The whole error of this system of legislation
arises from a want-of a proper consideration of
the nature and character of the form of Govern-
ment under which we live. It is competent m an
absolute monarchy, where the theory of Govern-
ment is that allegiance is due to the person ovf the
sovereign—who, underthat form of Government,
is nothing more nor less in this respect than an ab-
solute feudal lord over the whole dominions—for
the sovereign to call upon all his vassals or ie-
tainers, every inhabitant of his dominions capable
of bearing arms, to support him in his wars and
in his conflicts with other nations. That is not
the theory of our Government; and any one who
will take the trouble, to examine the debates, both
in the Federal Convention which adopted the
Constitution,and in the State conventions which
ratified that Constitution, will see that it is no-
where pretended, under this provision of the Con-
stitution giving the power to Congress to raise
armies, that they have the power to raise those
armies by a general conscription of the people;
but throughout the whole debate on that subject,
reliance for national defense was based on the
proposed power in Congress to call out the militia
of the States; and the great question was, whether
such a power should be given to Congress. It
met with most serious objection in many of the
States. It was contended that under this latter
power the Congress of the United States might •
call out the entire militia of the different States,
and thus deprive the States of the power of pro-
tection by their own militia. It was answered
that while it would not be wise to place any lim-
itation on the power, yet Congress would never,
under any circumstances, presume to call out and
attempt to arm the whole militia of the States;
that only a portion of-them would at any time be
called out; and there would be a sufficient num-
ber of the militia of the several States left in their
borders to protect them from any domestic vio-
lence, from any insurrection in their own borders, y
or from any invasion from without.
The whole theory, therefore, ofthose who framed
the Constitution, as evidenced by the debates both
in the Federal Convention and in the conventions of
the several States which ratified it, was this,that
lanr'-standingarmies were dangerous to public lib-
erty; that the power to provide for the national de-
fense was not a power to be exercised in any other
