1388
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
manner than by calJin«on the States for their quota
of their respective militia* Not one word was ever
uttered, either in the Federal Convention or in the
convention of any State ratifying this Constitu-
tion, showing that the idea ever entered into the
mind of a single member of any of those conven-
tions, that, under the power to raise armies, this
unlimited, absolute, a vd despotic power over the
rights of the whole people of the country was to
be given to Congress, and wa? to be exercised by
them through ageneral conscription bill. It is true
a small regular Army might be necessary even in
times of peace, to repress sudden outbreaks of
popular violence, but the mode of raising such an
Army, compatible wtth republican liberty, was
only by voluntary enlistment, which experience
had always proved to be amply sufficient.
Sir, if the theory of this bill be the theory of
your Government, if this be the power conferred
upon Congress by the Constitution of the United
States, tell me where is the difference between your
form of government and the most absolute and
despotic form of government on the earth ? An in-
surrection breaks forth in your midst, or there is
an invasion from a foreign Power, or there is a re-
bellion in any State, and immediately Congress,
without culling on a single State to furnish its
quota of men, to furnish its share of the militia of
the country to suppress insurrection, or to quell
a rebellion, or to repel invasion, may pass a law
making all the citizens of a State subject directly
to the legislation of Congress, and place them im-
mediately, without any superintendence or con-
trol of State authority, under the control and au-
thority of the President of the United States. If
this be so, what becomes of that constitutional
right of every State of having and maintaining a
militia for its own defense?
But, sir, it is said that the Constitution gives to
Congress the power of raising armies, and there-
fore Congress may employ tor that purpose what-
ever means it considers most expedient or neces-
mu y. The fallacy of such a pomtion will appear
from a moment's reflection in reference to the ab-
surdity to which it leads. The Constitution must
be so interpreted as that all its provisions may
have effect, practical effect, at thesame times. The
operation of one provision must not woi k the de-
struction or cause even a momentary suspension
of another. To admit a contrary doctrine us true
would be to confess that the Constitution is   self-
deslroymg instrument. A power given must not
be so construed as to work the destruction of a
right reserved. The power conferred must be
reasonably interpreted, and in the absence of oth-
erwise express limitation is necessarily limited,
either by the just office of codelegated powers, or
the reasonable demands of privileges or rights lec-
ogmzed in tin' instrument, and inconsistent wuh
Hs unlimited character. Hence, when; there arc
modes convenient and reasonable m winch it may
be exercised, ami others unreasonable, not to
say impossible, in reference to or m considera-
tion of rights reserved to the States, or even other-
wise delegated, the former may be considered as
necessarily implied, and the latter as necessarily
prohibited. The power to raise and support ar-
mies is conferred by the Constitution upon Con-
gress, and the light to have and maintain a well
organized niihtia is reserved to the States. The
instrument conferring this power and recognizing
the reservation of this right was designed foi the
governmt nt of a fn e people. The power may be
exercised in the modes employed by a free peo-
ple, and us such a people had theretofore exer-
cised it as evidenced in then history and policy.
The only way in which such a power was exer-
cised by such people at the time of the crcation
of the instrument was by voluntary enlistments,
or enlistments induced by adequate compensation.
Such modes of exeicise would necessarily he suf-
ficient for times of peace, or even for times of or-
dinary war. If found insufficient for the latter,
the power of calling upon the States for their re-
spective quotas of militia would amply supply
any deficiency. Thus we see how the authority
to raise armies may be legitimately employed
without any conflict with any other power con-
ferred or right reserved by the Constitution.
The right to laise yrmies by consci iption, if it
exists, is unlimited, and may extend to the whole
body of the people. Such a right exeicisod would
destroy notouly the recognized right of the States
to officer then* militia, but the existence of a State
militia itself. If Congress can directly of itself
call into the regular Army the entire body of the
people, and are not compelled to call upon the
States for their people, as militia of the States,
then the right of the States to have a well organ-
ized militia, a constitutional right, may be en-
tirely destroyed by an act of Congress. The power
in Congress to raise and support armies is not
confined to times of war. It is as extensive and
unlimited in time of peace as in time of war. Un-
der the power as claimed by the advocates of this
bill, and as asserted by the provisions of the bill
itself, the entire population of the States may be
conscripted into the regular Army in times of
peace, and for any indefinite period. So exten-
sive is it, if it exists, that the whole industrial
pursuits of the country may be destroyed, every
branch of private business or enterprise be made
to cease; and instead of peaceful husbandmen,
skillful artisans, enterprising merchants, and men
engaged in the thousand peaceful avocations of
life, one vast body of soldiery would constitute
ourentire population. Can it be possible that such
is the power conferred by the Constitution de-
signed for the government of a free people upon
Congress by the provision that " Congress shall
have power to raise and support armies ?"
It will be observed that the bill does not even
profess to call the entire body of the people capa-
ble of bearing arms into the 44 land forces" as mi-
litia, but directly, and wilhout any agency or con-
sent of the States, or power or authority on their
part to officer them, as the States would have were
they treated or recognized us militia. It contem-
plates and provides for Federal, or rather national,
consctiption in its most oppressive and odious
forms. Not only the absurdity, but the dangerous
character and utter unconstitutionality of the pro-
posed measure will therefore more plainly appear
by reference to another provision of the Constitu-
tion, which, however much disregarded and vio-
lated by this Administration, nevertheless exists;
a pi ovision intended for the security of the liberty
of the citizen. Says the Constitution:
w No person shall be Isold to answer loi capital or oth
eiwise ^iime unl<:  on a presentment or indict-
ment of a. lt.uhI juiy. except in cases arising in the land or
naval foiee oi m the imlitia when in actual ^crviee in
tunc or w'.ir, nor tm deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due prurje«!s of hnw'}
By the bill undm* consideration, Congress pro-
poses to call into the "iand forces'' all the able-
bodied men of the country between the ages of
twenty and forty-five yent s, and thus deprive them
of the benefit ami right of this provision of the
Constitution by making them subject to the rules
and articles of war. Those rules and those ar-
ticles subject the "land force.s"u> answer, notouly
"for a capital or otherwise infamous crime," but
for others of inferior ^rade without "a present-
ment, or indictment of a grand jury." The right
to this protection, secured by the Constitution, is
not limited by age. If those above the age of
forty-five, or below that of twenty years, are en-
titled to it, those between those ages are equally
so entitled, if Congiess has the posver to com-
pel into the "land forces" those between the ages
mentioned, they equally have the power to com-
pel the enure tesiduc of the population into the
same service, and thus a department of the Gov-
ernment, created by the Constitution, and whose
powers are therein and thereby limited, can, ac-
cording to the judgment of the supporters ot this
bill, destroy the Constitution itself—constitution-
ally, however absuid it may seem, destroy it. If
the citizen can be deprived by Congress of the
benefit of this provision of the Constitution, he
may be depuved of the benefit of eveiy other. If
Congress can annul that instiument in one par-
ticular, it may annul itentire'y*, so that instead of
the Constitution being the "supreme law of the
land," the act of Congress would be that supreme
law. Shall wr, sir, assert the omnipotence of Con-
gress > The supporters of this measure avow it.
The Constitution confers on Congress power
to make rules and regulations forthe government
of the land and naval forces. In the exercise of
this power Congress has from time to time made,
modified, and changed the rules and articles of war.
By those rules and at tides persons belonging to
said forces aie subject to trial "for capital or
otherwise infamous crimes,'' and for n(Tenses not
capital or infamous, without the " presentment or
indictment of a grand jury." Every person in
such forces voluntarily subscribes to tho.se rules
and articles, and thereby places himself within a
classcxpresslyexempted in the.Constitution from
the benefit of that provision, which declares that
compulsory answer for crime shall be preceded
by such presentment or indictment. The reason
for the exemption from the benefit of the consti-
tutional provision referred to was that the act of
becoming a member of the land and naval forces,
and subject to the rules and articles of war which
Congress might enact, would be purely voluntary.
The bill under consideration, however, regards
not the voluntary aciion of the individual, but
subjects him, involuntarily, to all the pains and
penalties of those rules and articles, thereby de-
priving him of a right solemnly guarantied to all
who do not willingly relinquish it. Every person
conscripted under this bill will be liable to answer
for crime, and for that which is no crime within
the meaning of the Constitution, summarily be-
fore a court-martial, without the " presentmentor
indictment of a grand jury," and to trial and con-
viction by a jury of his peers, and in accordance
with the law of the land. This view of the sub-
ject is capable of much greater amplification, but
the reasons already assigned are demonstrative, in
my opinion, of the unconstitutionality as well as
of the gross oppressiveness of the measure under
consideration.
Mr. President, there arp many parallels in his-
tory. We are but reenactmg history every day.
The example of what we ore doing here to-night,
to a very great extent, is older than the Christian
era. Caius Octavianus, better known in history
by the title of Augustus, after he had destroyed
the greatest commonwealth, and upon its rums
established the greatest monarchy of ancient times,
naturally looked around him forthe means of per-
i petuating the power he had gamed over his coun-
trymen, and to continue, as he fondly hoped,for
all generations the despotism he had established.
After the overthrow of the Roman commonwealth,
and immediately upon the establishment of ihe
Roman monarchy, ho stationed his one. hundred
and seventy thousand soldiers in the different
purls of the empire, but so conveniently stationed
them that he could summon them to any quarter
of the empire separately, or in a body, when he
willed. To cany out his purpose, he established
the celebrated Puetoriun guard, or bands, which
at first numbered but ten thousand men, and sta-
tioned them around the city of Rome. To follow
this measure, you have a bill upon your table re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs for
the establishment of a national guard of two hun-
dred thousand men to be distributed among the
different States, hut subject immediately to the
oider of the President of the United States. You
are then not only by this bill to have a distribu-
tion of the national forces, according to the ex-
ample of Augustus, in the different districts .of
what was once a Republic, but which, judging
from present indications, is soon to become a vast
military empire; but, by the other measure re-
ferred to, you are to have your Proetorian bands
or cohorts, not to the feeble number of ten thou-
sand, but of two hundred thousand, to be imme-
diately subject to the order of your President.
Mr. President, take warning. Let the freemen
of this country take warning. You are but re-
peating history; and as the history of Rome told
the fearful, dreadful tide—the tale of the ruin and
destruction of all that was dear to hei people—take
care that by your military h gisdation the same
tale may not come up hereafter in the page? of
history that some mod< rn Cams Octavianus, as-
suming to be a modern Augustus, has established
on the ruins of the greatest of modern Repub-
lics the greatest of modern monarchies. Sir, fee-
ble as was that Prcetorian band of ten thousand
men, it enacted a very important pan m the his-
j tory of Rome. At times convulsing the empire,
i it finally put it up at public auction, and actually
; sold the Roman empire to the man who gave the
j highest price at a public saie. If ten thousand
j men in Rome, subject to the order of a solf-con-
j stituted military dictator, could thus dispose of
! such a mighty empire, what may not your two
I hundred thousand members of American Preeto-
! rian bands do with this, your Republic?
■ Mr. President, if there is any lesson which has
i come down to us from the fathers, if there was
j anything which those who framed the Constitu-
j uon of the United States feared, if there was uny-
i thing the pure men of the early days of the Re
