1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
public dreaded, it w„is a large standing army and
a large military national force. They%ad been
students of history. In the language of one of the
greatest of them, they knew of no way of judging
of the future but by the past; and deriving their
lessons from the past, they knew that public lib-
erty and private right had always met theirdead-
liest foe in the military power.
Mr. President, during this discussion, which
has been somewhat rambling: and upon a multi-
tude of subjects, I have had no disposition to in-
dulge in any matter of debate which I did notcon-
sider perfectly germane to the subject before the
Senate. To me, sir, occupying a seat upon this
floor in the highest legislative council of thp na-
tion, this eveninghas not been one of merriment;
it has not been one of inward gayoty; it has been
one of solemn sfciiousness; because t think I see
in the light of the past, in the history of past na-
tions, nations which have grown up and become
great—great as we—awful lessons of warning
coming up and inviting our most serious consid-
eration. I regard this measure, when it shall be
adopted, as the crowning act which gives to the
Executive of this nation the power to enslave the
entire body of the citizens of this land. I have
been amazed, I have been sad when I have wit-
nessed, one after another, the constitutional rights
of the citizens surrendered at the bidding of the
Executive, or, at least, whenever such surrender
has been claimed by his friends as necessary un-
der the present exigencies of the country. I have
seen the Congress of the United States approve,
justify, indemnify the Executive of the country,
and notonly the Executive, but every person act-
ing under his authority, for what by the very act
of indemnification was admitted to be illegal; just-
ifying and indemnifying the President of the Uni-
ted States for a breach of the Constitution which
he was sworn to defend, and a violation of the
constitutional rights of the citizen which he was
sworn to protect.
I have seen, also, the Congress of the United
States solemnly pass an act placing themselves
and every other citizen of the United Slates at the
absolute mercy and will of the Executive, by
clothing him with the power of suspending the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus thi oughout
the United States and every Territory of the Uni-
ted States; so that to-night, from ocean to ocean,
and from lak<^ to gulf, wherever the power of the
President can be exercised, there is not a man,
.woman, or child who is not subject to his abso-
lute will. In mockery of the right of the citizen,
you have provided that, should he invoke that
great bulwark of American liberty, and of con-
stitutional liberty wherever there is a constitution,
by claiming the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, if the person who seized him sweais that he
holds him <\h a political prisoner, or by order of
the President, such proceedings shall stop. I will
not discuss that question I only allude to if to
show its connection with this question, and to
show that, having already conferred by that bill
such absolute power m reference to the rights of
the citizen, you should pause; you should stop;
you should go no further. The bleeding, min-
gled body (if 1 may so speak) of the Constitution
of your country lies in your pathway. Disregard
it no longer. Surrender no othei liberty or light
which the American citizen has, to the absolute
will of any man. Well might one of the honor- J
able Senators who preceded m<> exclaim that if I
the Father of his Country was living to-day he |
would not trust him with this power. Sir. great- 1
!y as I venerate his memory, weie lie living and
were he President this day, so help me Heaven, j
as 1 hope to answer in the last day, I would not ;
trust him nor any man on earth with the exercise 1
of such a power. j
Sir, am I to he told, and those who think with
me, because we valut* human liberty and consti-
tutional light as of inestimable price, that there-
fore we are dislojT l? The p,nrot learns to say
"poll," "poii;''aml the modern Constitution-vio-
lator learns as readily thp word "disloyal." What
jsloyalty? Allegiance to thesoven ignjwhere you
have a sovereign; allegiance to the monarch, where
you have a monarch. In this country, where the [
only sovereigns you have are the people them- >
selves, who made and can unmake this Govern- j
ment, and wheie the only bond of that allegiance
is the written Constitution of the land, no man is
disloyal who, for the preservation of Uie rights of
that people, proudly, nobly, manfully invokes
that charter of his liberties, the Constitution of
his country. I know of no disloyalty in this coun-
try except disloyalty to the written covenant be-
tween" these States; the covenant made by our
fathers and ratified by the States. IJe who vio-
lates that Constitution, whether in time of peace
or time of war, whether that violation be made
under one pretext or another, ay, sir, though it
be made under the plea of necessity, or in obe-
dience to the behests of party or at the commands
of the Executive, is the real disloyal man. De-
stroy the bond of union; destroy the compact by
which your rights are secured; destioy that sacred
charter of your liberties; and where is the secu-
rity for person or property, for life or liberty > Loy-
alty, therefore, in the only just American consti-
tutional sense, is fidelity to the Constitution; and
disloyalty is infidelity to that instrument.
The land is full of treason and of traitors. They
fill the highest places of power, dance attendance
upon an dare received with favor by those whocurse
our country by traitorous misrule. These all, cov-
enant breakers, Constitution violators, fatten upon
public^)lunder, accuse others of disloyalty, and
cry Union, while stealthily stabbing its vitals.
Sir, it will not do for gentlemen in their pre-
tended zoal for the preservation of the Union to
say, that while they do these acts under what
they consider the necessity of the case, therefore
all those who differ with them m opinion, and
cannot join with them in these violations, are dis-
loyal. In all ages of the world,among every peo-
ple, there have been found in times of revolution
and civil war a few men who, at the expense of
present fame, and at the hazard of having their
reputation sullied by the scandalous breath of
party, have dared noblv to stand up in vindica-
tion of the right, and to proclaim their allegiance
and devotion to the fundamental principles of civil
liberty. In such struggles some have suffered
imprisonment, exile, and death. In this great
revolution, in which we are engaged—and since
it has commenced nothing that has occurred has
taken me by surprise—there have been men who,
foi adhei ing to theirown honest opinions that the
Constitution is adequate for its protection, and
furnishes the means necessary for its protection,
and if it did not, no protection could bo had, have
suffered imprisonment. It may be that for the
honest vindication of those principles others may
be called on to suffer imprisonment, exile, and
death. But, sir, when the passion of the present
hour shall have passed away; when reason shall
resume its throne; when, through blood and
slaughter, we shall emerge from the terrible conflict
of the present hour, and thiongh the more terrible
conflicts that arc awaiting us, and men of a future
day shall sit quietly down to read the honest his-
toi y of our times, exile, imprisonment, and death
itself will only be regarded us crowns of glory,
if they are suffered in defense of the principles of
constitutional liberty.
Mr. President, let us not deceive ourselves. If I
ha ve stud ied aiight the great revolutions of the past,
and the civil commotions which have convulsed
the world, we have butenteied upon the dreadful
diama of civil war. In no sixty days will the
angel of peace hover over this land. 1 f the policy
of this Administration shall be continued, no ninety
days will Ste us a happv and lejoicing people. Jf
thispolicy shall be continued, tins Administration
will have passed away and will be i < m< mbert d foi
naught but for its violations of the Constitution
and the sad inroads winch it has t^ide upon civil
and peisonal liberty,and still no angel will whis-
per words of peace m yourear. Unless* we stop,
unless we pause in what 1 consider our mad carc-ei,
we are but upon the tlmshold of what is to hap-
pen, Sir, all creation is governed by law. The
heavenly bodies but obey a fixed law. All nature,
animate and inanimate, is subject to con trolling law.
Human action has its law Revolutions and civil
commotions have their law; and when once the
torch is applied; when once civii war commences
to rage among a people, it must run its course.
The wise man will endeavor to control the devas-
tating element, not encouiage it; to allay excited
passions, not arouse or increase them.
Air. HOWARD. I wish to put a question to
the Senator.
Air. SAULSBURY. 1 shall be through in a
minute. However, if the Senator wishes to ask
a question I will yield.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to know whether
intends that last remark as a prophecy or a threat
I wish he would explain that, as it is very import
ant that we should understand it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will answer the Senator,
Mr. HOWARD. If it is a threat uttered by a.
certain party, I have only this to say: come
and we will meet you in your civil war.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I am sur-
prised that the good-natured and amiable Senator
from Michigan should become so bellicose at ati
imaginary foe. Let me say to that Senator that
I am one of those men who in private life never
indulge in threats, and never submit to them. The
gentleman has made an enemy pugnacious to his
own imagination in a man of straw-   
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, too.
Mr. SAULSBURY. And Ire has valiantly told
him to come on, and 1 leave the two to fight out
the battle. I cannot conceive how the gentleman
should consider that i was making any threat. I
was simply treating of cause and effect; that great
principle of law which rules throughout all exist-
ence, and which governs human action as it gov-
erns everything else.
But, sir, I will say to the Senator from Michi-
gan that we «r« in revolution, we are in the
midst of a most terrible and extensive civil war,
and that it will be wondeiful, indeed, in view of
your oppressive and unconstitutional legislation,
if their area should not be enlarged. A people
may patiently suffer for a while wrongful, and
unjust oppression, in the hope of its peaceful
removal; but when that patience ceases to-be a
virtue, insulted manhood and violated rights will
vindicate themselves, and all history attests how
terrible the retribution is which an oppressed peo-
ple, determined to be free, ultimately visit upon
their oppressors. It would be wise, therefore, for
tyrants everywhere to beware, and to respect this
Haw of human action, remembering this lesson,
taught on every page of revolutionary history,
that judgment, though long deferred, will at last
be surely and faithfully executed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall now have the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice.)
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Delawaie, [Mr. Bayard,] to indefinitely postpone
the bill now under consideration, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Cmlile, Davis, Kennedy, La-
tham, Powell, Rice, (ItciiuuUon, Salisbury, Wall, and
\Vibon of MtsMiun—ll.
NAYS— Anthony, Amok!, Chandler, Clark, Col -
lamer, C'twan, Dixon, Doolittle, tV^-ernlea, Foot, Foster,
Grime*, Harding. Harlan, Ilarns, Henderson, flicks, How-
ard, llowe, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Me-
Dougali, Mortil!, Ne-muh, Pomeioy, Sherman, tiutmicr,
TenlEyekj Ti umbull, Wad'', Wilkinson, Willey, Wiiiaot,
and Wilson of Ma^achuxat*—35.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the first amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, which will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Let us take
them all together.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
amendment of the House of llepiceentatives will
be reported.
The fi rst amendment was on page 5, in section
seven, defining the duties of provost marshals,
after the word "post," to strike out the words
" to inquire into and report to the Provost Mar-
shal General all treasonable piactices; to detect,
seize, and confine spies of the enemy,"and to
insert the following:
To detect, seize, and confine spies of ilie enemy, who
shall, without uniea&ouablc delay, be delivered to the cus-
tody of the geneia! coinmandmg the department in which
thf-y may he arrested, to he tried as soon as the exigencies
of the ^eivice permit.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 6, at the
end of section nine, to insert as a proviso the fol-
lowing:
Provided, neccrlkcless, That if, from any cause, the duties
proscribed hv tlm section cannot be periorm«'d witlnn the
tune specified, then the same shall be peilormed as soou
tliereaiter a- piaeucaWe.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following as an
additional proviso:
j3nd provided further, That any drafted person conscien-
