1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
tiously unable to perform military service or pay commuta-
tion therefor, by reason of his sincere and religions scruples
against bearing arms, may apply by petition to any judge
ol any court of the United States for the circuit or district
wherein ho resides, setting forth the facts, whereupon the
said judge shall proceed summarily to hear and determine
the capr, and if it shall appear that such petition is honest
and rme, and that such petitioner shall have maintained a
consistentcharacter in accordance with his well-known re-
ligious profession incompatible with military service, the
judge or court aforesaid may order and direct that such pe-
titioner shall be relieved from the penalty provided for his
refusal to respond, to said draft and to bear arms ; but the
judicial record and the certificate thereof shall nevertheless
declare that such exempted person still remains 111 duty and
honor bound to contribute toward any public hospital or
charitable service, a peace offering in accordance with bis
means.
I think it eminently proper that this amendment
should be adopted. Our Constitution guaranties
freedom of religion, and persons who in conse-
quence of their religious faith cannot conscien-
tiously bear arms or pay commutation should be
exempt under the law. I think it is a clear infrac-
tion of the spirit if not the letter of the Consti-
tution to require persons who in consequence of
their religious faith are opposed to fighting, to do
so, or pay a money commutation. I ask for the
yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
"taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Kennedy, Latham,
Powell, Saulsbury, Wall, and Wilson ot Missouri—8.
NAYS—Mopsirt. Ai noldj Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Dixon, Doohule, Fe.^endon, Foot, Foster, Harding, liar-
Ian, Harris, Henderson, Hicks, [Iowaid, Howe, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDoijgal), Moirill,
Pmneroy, Shei man, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trunilmll, Wade,
WilkntMtn, WiUey. Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment of the House of Representatives will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
on page f>, section eleven, line five, to strike out
the words " for three years or during the war,"
and insert, "during the present rebellion; not,
however, exceeding the term of three years," as
the form of service.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was on page 8, line seven of section
thirteen, after the woid "substitute," to insert
" winch sum shall be fixed at a uniform rate by
a general order made at the time of ordering a draft
from any State or Territory."
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment; to in-
sert, after the word " shall," the words " not ex-
ceeding $150, and shall;" so as to read " which
sum shall not exceed $150, and shall be fixed at
a uniform rate," &c.
1 desite this amendment for a reason that I shall
very briefly state. By this bill the sum is $300.
in my judgment that will operate very onerously
on poor men. It will allow rich men to buy ex-
emptions from military service. There are many
men who would be willing to pay jjJSO for an ex-
emption, that could not pay $300. The effect of
the law as it now stands will be to relieve by the
payment of $300 all those who are able to pay it;
but the thousands of poor men in the country,
who cannot, take from their families, or perhaps
have notgot $300, will be put into the service be-
cause of iheit inability to pay, anil be taken from
their families and business foi three years. I think
it very wrong to make if so onerous upon them.
The truth is, that without my amendment, the
whole tiling will stand so as to exempt the rich,
and place it without the power of the poor to buy
an exemption. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulud—yeas 7, nays 3(i; as follows:
YtiAS—Il.nanl, Kennedy, Powell. Richardson,
Biiul.-bury, Wall. and Wtl-on oi Missnuu—7.
\'AVS—Mt'--rf>. AntI)on}, Ai nohi, Chandlci, Clark, Col-
lamer. Cowan, Davis Dixon, Dooiittle, Fcssenden, Foot,
Foi-tt'u Giiiiie.-, ii.iulni!;, liatian, Harris*, Henderson,
iliokb-, liow.ml, Howe, King, I.am* of Indiana, Lane ot
Kansas Latham, MoDoiig.dl, Moriill, Pomoroy, Sher-
man, Sumnei, Ten L>ek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wilicy, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mabsachusottb—36.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concuirod in.
Tiie next amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was on pag.i 14, section twenty-five,
lino eleven,after the word "and,"strike out"kept
in confinement until the draft is completed, after
which he," and in line twelve, of the same sec-
tion, to insert the word "forthwith," between the
words " be " and "deliveredso that the clause
will read:
Such person shall be subject to summary arrest by the
provost marshal, and shall be forthwith delivered to the
civil authorities.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 16, at the
end of section thirty-two, to insert, " and subject
to the approval of the commander of the forces
of which such non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates form a part."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was at the end of the bill
to add the following new section:
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted. That all persons who,
in time of war or of rebellion against the supreme authority
of the United States, shall bo found lurking or acting as
spies, in or about any of the fortifications, posts, quarters,
or encampments of any of the armies ot the United States,
or elsewhere, shall be triable by a general court-martial or
military commission, and shall, upon conviction, suffer
death.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend that^mend-
ment by striking1 out, in the fifth line, the words
" or elsewhere/' The amendment is utterly
worthless if it is intended solely for the purpose
of punishing spies, because, by the laws of war,
they can be tried by court-martial and sentenced
to death. There can be no doubt whatever upon
that question without this section being inserted;
but there is an obscurity in the section, and 1
think a dangerous obscurity in these words " or
elsewhere." In a former part of the bill it speaks
of " spies of the enemy." In this section it speaks
of " persons who, in time of war or rebellion
against the supreme authority; shall be found
lurking or acting as spies in or about the fortifica-
tions, posts, encampments, or quarters of any of
the armies of the United States, or elsewhere."
Now, I do not doubt that, if the question was to
be decided by a court of justice, they would hold
that a person must be a spy in order to come within
the provision; but the jurisdiction is to be given
to a court-martial over all persons found lurking
or acting as spies " elsewhere," in any part of
the country. It is not necessary that they shall
be spies. The language might be direct if it
was so intended. But the danger is, that in the
summary exercise of jurisdiction by men unin-
structed in the great leading principles of law, the
rights of the citizen may be invaded, and he may
be punished by the summary proceedings of a
court-martial for an offense which is not the of-
fense of a spy.
I am afraid of introducing into the system of
this country, as contrary to its free institutions,
a law which may give, color to the exeicise of au-
thority such as was claimed in the orders of the
War department of the 26th of September last. 1
hold them to be in plain violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States,and unless this sec-
tion was meant to give color to the exercise of
such an authority it is entirely useless for any pur-
pose whatever. * Without this section, spies can
be tried by court-martial and punished by death.
If the object is to punish persons who are not spies,
on the ground that they may have committed some
offense which may be characterized as lurking
as spies, I am opposed to it. I could understand
the terms if they wore confined to encampments
or military posts, but it applies to lurking any-
where in the country. The language is "or else-
whore."
Mr. Presid$it, I confess—it may be owing to
eaily education and habit—1 have a very strong
repugnance to the judgments of courts-martial in
reference to citizens. They are necessary in an
army; they are necessary for the control and dis-
cipline of an army; but they arc entirely foreign
in a free Government to any purpose of punishing
a citizen if he has been guilty of any offense. A
spy is a person in the employ of the enemy sail-
ing under false colors. You describe him a "spy
of the enemy" in a previous part of the bill; and
if this section is not meant to include persons
who are notspies, but who may be tried by court-
martial as if they were spies, founded upon no-
tions of their disaffection, or, if you please, their
treason, then the result is that you tiy by court-
martial for the civil offense of treason, which, by
tho Constitution of the United States, you are
bound to try by a jury, and by a jury alone.
The section, then, in my judgment, is obscure,
dangerou&jy obscure. I trust it will be stricken
out. If n can be stricken out without the neces-
sity of having the yeasand nays called, very well;
but if it is intended to adhere to the provisions of
the bill as it is, for the purpose of passing this bill
to-night absolutely, of course I prefer that the
yeas and nays should be taken. I do not believe
in the system of martial law or the judgments of
court-martial in such a case. It is but Turkish
justice after ail; and the remedy for the destruc-
tion of human life by the bullets of a file of sol-
diers or the bow-string is the same; arbitrary
power can stifle subsequent investigation quite as
readily in the one case as in the other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware asks for the yeas and nays on the
•amendment. , «
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, were—yeas 10, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Mew*. Bayard, Carlile, Davis, Kennedy, La-
tham, Powell, Richardson, Saulsbury,WaiJ, and Wilson of
Missouri—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fes&enden, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hicks, Howard,
Howe, King, Lane of Iudiana,Lanc of Kansas, McUou-
gall, Mornli, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—3*2.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BAYARD. I now ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. It is evident that there is a
determination to pass this bill to-night, without
regard to whether the amendments are proper or
not; and either for that reason, or else from too
much of a disregard, in my judgment, of the sub-
ordination of the military to the civil power,a dis-
position to increase the latitude of military power,
the Senate have refused to adopt the amendment
which I offered to this section. As it stands,
therefore, all 1 can do is to vote against the sec-
tion, believing it to be entirely unnecessary for
any purpose whatever; because a spy can be tried
and punished in the mode indicated there without
the section being in tho law. It is useless unless
the purpose is foreign to that which is expressed
so obscurely in it. If it be so, that the purpose is
to extend military jurisdiction over the citizens
of this country, then I desire at least that my vote
shall be recorded against any legislation of thaf
kind.
There is another singular provision in this bill
which I will comment on for a few very brief mo-
ments. I shall offer no amendment to it,because
it would not now be in order. In the first section
of the bill you include in the persons liable to en-
rollment all persons of foreign birth who have
declared on oath their intention to become citizens.
By the act of declaring his intention to become a
citizen, a man does not owe you allegiance. He
may revoke that intention; he may never become
acitizen; he may disclaim it afterwards; for it is a
mere declaration of intention, and he may change
his determination. If the country of which he is
a subject, and to which his allegiance remains due
until he becomes a citizen of the United States,
should be at war with your country, under the
provisions of this bill you would make a conscript
of an alien enemy. It is singular legislation.
Mr. DAYIS. I shall vote for this amendment,
and I shall vote for it because I think the whole
effect of the section is to declare what is already
the law of war. I hold that the efficacy of the
amendment is to comprehend spies only, and the
term "lurking," and the term "acting," both
apply to the class of persons known as spies, and
to no other persons. I think that the term "else-
where" is mischievous, and ought to have been
omitted; but I think that term has no legal effect
whatever in the law, and under that impression
as to the effect of the amendment I shall vote for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate. I will simply remark that since the atten-
tion of the Senate has been called to this section
of the bill alluded to by my colleague, it seems to
me to be a very dangerous section to be contained
in the bill, and for this leason: we have enough
difficulty on hand now; and if the Congress of the
United States undertake to make subject to their
conscription a person wlio has simply dociared
