THE CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
February" 28,
OHit, Patton/rmmthy G. Phelps, Tike, Potter, Alexander
H. Jfree,Johu (I. Itico, Riddle, Kdward H. RoUinss$arg«Mit,
SettgWiok, Segnr. Shanks Sheffield, Sheiiabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauldinp, John H. Steele, Stevens, Smuton,
BenjaftiurF.TSioma-?, l?raiKny Thomas,Tram, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Vertee, Walker, Wall, VVaiton, Washbtirne,
Webs?#, Wheeler, Albert S. vyhite, Wilson, Windom,
Worcester, and Wiight—80.
So the report was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the report of the com-
mittee of conference, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
it® Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 311) to amend an
act entiiled "An act to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Colorado."
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution (No. 117) tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General William S. Rosecrans,
and the officers and men under his command, for
their gallantry and good conduct in the battle of
Murfreesboro', Tennessee; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed joint resolu-
tions of the House providing for the distribution
of certain public books and documents; and House
bill for the relief of Benjamin T. Watson.
NATIONAL CURRENCY ACT.
Mr."WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ton thousand copies of the act entitled
i( An act to ptovide a national cuireney scoured bv pledge
of United rituteS stocks, and to provide' fur the circulation
and redemption thereof," be punted lot the use of the mem-
ber# of the House.
PATENT OFFICE ItKPOJtT.
Mr. WALTON, also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thou-and extra copies <hT the me-
chanical rcpoit. Patent Olhce, for 1861-62 be punted for the
use of thih llou^e, and ten thousand copies for the use of
the Patent Olficc.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I suggest to the
gentleman fiom Maine to modify his resolution
ho as to make it read, u for the use of the mem-
bers ofthe present House."
Mr. WALTON. I move to amend the resolu-
tion in that way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Printing why it is that then;
are no more of the agricultural reports printed,
hound, and ready for riisuihuuon?
Mr. WALTON. Tins resolution is not for the
agricultural report. 1 undetsumd, however, that
the reason why more copies are not ready is on
account of want of paper.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I have been unable to
obtain one copy of the agricultural report; and I
would like the chaiiman of the Committee on
Printing to tell me why it is that some members
can get five hundred copies and more, and others
can get none at nil ?
Mr. WALTON. I am very sorry I cannot an-
swer the gentleman's question. 1 see no reason
why they should not have been faiily distributed.
1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to; and the resolution,
as amended, was adopted.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agteed to:
Resolved, That torn thousand extra copies of the report
of oommcieiai H'J.uum-. of the United State*- with foreign
nations, torthe vc.u ending 30th Septembei, 1862, be printed
for the use ot member* of the piesent llou^e, and on-- thou-
sand for the U5.e 01 the Hutc Department : PiOrulcJ, That
the report be printed m octavo lorm and in long primer
type, solid.
Mr. WALTON moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolutions were severally adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's message.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee,
reported back with an amendment, Senate joint
resolution No. 123, to expedite the printing of the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments, and asked that the amendment be printed,
and the bill recommitted.
It was bo ordered.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr.WALTON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Reisolvcd, That there he printed one hundred thousand
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture for the us*e ot the House of Representatives, and fifty
thousand for the use of the Agricultural Department.
WISCONSIN AND IOWA COURTS.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence 011 the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendment of the House to the act (S. No.
407) to fix the terms of the circuit court for the dis-
tricts of Wisconsin and Iowa, reported that the
committee had agreed to report as follows: first,
that the House agree to the first amendment of the
Senate to the amendment of the House; second,
that the Senate recede from its second amendment,
and that the following be recommended in its
place, namely:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That instead of the
time heretofore provided by law, the term of the circuit and
district courts lor the di&trict of Iowa, to be held at Des
Alomes, shall be held 011 the second Tuesday of May and
thud Tuesday of October 111 each year, and the fall term of
the distilct court of said district, to be held at Dubuque,
shall he held on the third Tuesday of November.
Also, that the House concur in the amendment
of the title, to insert after the word " circuit," the
words " and district."
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, repotted hack the Senate resolutions
to thebill (H. it. No. 731) making approbations
for the current and contmgentexpenses of the In-
dian depaitment, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions wiih various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30,1864, and moved a concurrence in all
but the eleventh and twelfth amendments.
The question was taken; and all the amend-
ments, except the eleventh and twelfth, were con-
cuned jn.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendments in which
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend
non-concurrence are those inrefeience to lemov-
ing the Indians from Kansas and the Indian terri-
tory.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the House
concur m those two amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred ui;and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALLOTMENT SYSTEM.
Mr. McPHERSON.^ I ask leave to introduce,
and have put upon its passage, a joint resolution
effectually to carry out the allotment system m
paying the sold km s of the Army.
Mr? WADSWORTH objected.
Mr. LANSING. I a&k the unanimous consent
of the House to submit ix report on a local matter
from the Committee on Commerce.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I want the
House to understand the condition in which the
tax bill is now before it. The substitute which
f have proposed is identical with the bill as
passed by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with such exceptions as I will
now state.
In telation to the salaries of assessors, there
has been added to it a provision that in no case
shall that salaiy exceed the sum of §4,000. That
is all of that.
In addition to the provision for wholesale deal-
ers, we have provided, at the suggestion of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that licenses
for wholesale dealers shall not be permitted to
extend to commercial brokers.
it will be recollecjed that it was agreed in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to have a vote in the House on striking out th«
fourth and fifth sections.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. ■ The understanding
was that the vote should be taken on them sepa-
rately, first on striking out the fourth section,and
then on striking: out the fifth section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means desire the substitute to stand
before the House in place of the report of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If there be no objection to the proposition, there
will be no objection to tRe separate votes that were
agreed to.
There was no objection; and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The substitute
also contains a provision reducing the tax on cattle
from thirty to twenty cents per head, and sheep
down to six cents per head.
It is also agreed 1 hat the gentleman from Maine
[Mr.PjKE] may offer an amendment in relation to
ready-made clothing when that paragraph shall be
reached.
I desire to call the attention of the House to a
new section added in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. H is relation to the
taxes in the Territories. I think that it could not
have been understood by the House. Certainly
1 was not aware* of its intent at the time. It re-
peals all of the United States taxes levied in the
Territories, except the stamp tax. That would
allow parties to go into the Territory adjoining
Iowa and Kansas, manufacture whisky or any-
thing else, and be without the control of the pres-
ent Government machinery. It would lead to
incalculable mischief. I propose to have a sepa-
rate vote on striking that out.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Vermont
to yield to me for a moment. I see in one of the
New York papers a statement that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] had amended the tax
law in reference to whisky. I am willing to stag-
ger under that responsibility. [Laughter.]
Mr. Morrill,of Ve rmont. The only other
changes proposed in the bill as it passed the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union are
these: a proposition in relation to the leakage
of spirituous liquors was inserted out of place.
It was inserted in the middle of a section where
it was totally irrelevant. It is now put in another
place, where U is more pertinent.
In the section providing that lawyers shall be
allowed on one license to practice their profession
anywhere in the United States has been included
physicians and surgeons. I understand that there
is no objection to taking the substitute in place of
the bill reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union, that separate votes shall
be had on the amendments I have indicated, and
that then the question shall be taken without fur-
ther debate or amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard no ob-
jection to.the proposition of the gentleman from
Vermont, ant! it will be ordered accordingly.
Mr. HOOPER. I have l*een requested by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move a sub-
stitute for the fourth section, which has been,
drawn with more care.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to the
agreement !>ein^ violated.
Mr. MORRILL,of V< rmont. An amendment
was made in the Committee ofthe Whole on the
state of the Union, that dealeis in lottery tickets
pay a tax of #1,000. I do not know whether the
House was serious in that amendment. Jf-any-
body desires, there can be a separate vote on it.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to a separate vote
on that provision.
Mr. HOLMAN. What about the limitation
of collectors to §10,000 per annum?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is in the
substitute as it was adopted by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I offered an amendment
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union which was rejected because, as i think, the
members did not understand it. It was not to re-
lease the States of Tennessee and Louisiana from
taxes at all. The intention of the amendment was
merely to postpone their payment to the 1st of
January. We hope to have u Legislature by that
ij lime, and when we have a Legislature we will a?'-
!! sume the tax,and levy it aliku on all property. A«
!! it is now, it will be levied on land.
