THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
tender the Constitution and laws, with the man-
agement of the financial affairs of the country,
and gentlemen on the other side of this Chamber
have exhorted us to repose every confidcncc in
theircapacity as well as in their integrity to man-
age them. And yet, if I understand the position
pitheCommUteeof Waysnnd Means,every mem-
ber of it, and every member of the Finance Com-
mittee in the other House, desires that a law shall
be passed authorizing the issue of more notes in
some shape or other. It seems to me that the Ad-
ministration is somewhat divided against itself;
and in these days, when loyalty to the Adminis-
tration is held to be loyalty to the country, we on
this side of the Chamber find ourselves in u rather
unfortunate position. Every gentleman who has
spoken during this debate deprecates an undue
inflation of the currency; differing, indeed, as to
the precise point at which the inflation becomes
undue. The President tells us that the currency
is so far inflated already that prices have risen be-
yond real values, and that the honest labor and
the general interests of the country are suffering
in consequence of it. Now, if the Piesident's con-
ception of affairs is right, the inflation is cei tainly
undue, and we have reached that point at which
every gentleman on this floor has said the issue
QfT reasury notes should cease.*
I expected, Mr. Chairman, to hear something in
regard to that message of the President of the Uni-
ted States to which 1 have alluded. I expected to
hear of it from some gentlemen of the Committee
of Ways and Means, at whom it seemed to be par-
ticularly directed. And when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] was so sensitive the
other day, lestthe piivileiies of the House should
be infringed upon, by an allusion by his colleague
on the committee to the opinions of the Secretary
of the Treasury, I certainly thought the time had
come when we were to have some comments on
that message.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. PJENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely desire to say that
while I denounced any such interference, J ex-
S-essly mentioned, whether from the head of a
eparlmentor from the President of the United
States.
Mr, PENDLETON.- Now, I desire to say a
word in 1 elation to this message. Under the Con-
stitution, when a bill is presented to the President
of the United States, " if he approve, he shall sign
it;'1 " but if not, he shall return it, with his objec-
tions, to the House in which it originated." It
provides also that he shall from time to tune rec-
ommend to the considei ation of Congress such
measures as he shall judge necessary and expedi-
ent. And the parliamentary law, which is older
than this Constitution, which is built on the ex-
perience of ages in a country which has sought
at all times to define accurately the boundaries of
the duties of legislative and executive offices, and
to keep them separate from each othei, has pro-
vided 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. IiORTON. A great deal has been said by
my colleague,Mr. Chairman,which E confess has
much point in it. I do not know, however, that
it is exactly fair to expect that we shall defend
everything that has been said by every member
of this Government. We might quote the old say-
ing, which is very familial to him, that " times
change, and men change with them." And we
might further say that new emergencies have come
up. But the answer to what the gentleman said
is really this: that, according to our best judgment,
from all the information that we can get ri ow men
of experience all over the country—learned care-
fully, marked well, and inwardly digested—we
have no other way of getting along m tins financial
crisis, except giving to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the power which he thinks he ought to have.
We think it is wise that he should have thatpower.
In regard to what the gentleman has said as to
the message of the President, I will simply say
that that matter has been referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and that when that
committee have time to consider it and report upon
it, I have no doubt it will expiess its opinion
frankly and explicitly. But that question does not
come up here. It is no part of the subject-matter
now before this committee. This bill should be
judged according to its own merits, and on the
arguments and facts which can be presented in
favor ofit.
Mr. BIDDLE. I move to amend the amend-
tjynt pro forma. I think my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleion] has exhibited an unnecessary
susceptibility on the subject of the President's
message.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have not said a word
about it.
Mr. BIDDLE. I think, sir, that in times like
these we may consider ourselves most fortunate
that, instead of sending us a message addressed
to our discretion, he did not issue a proclamation
declaring this system of finance to be established
as a matter of military necessity. [Laughter on
the Democratic side of the House.] i do not
doubt that a majonty of this House would have
supported him in so doing; for I believe that if he
were to issue a proclamation altering the names
of the months, and putting ten days into the week,
as was done by the revolutionary government of
France, we should get a majority of this House
to sanctum it on that ground, which seems to be
a sanction for everything.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to say a single woid in
regord to this, and to express my regret that gen-
tlemen should, under the circumstances in -which
this nation is placed, indulge in such lemaiks as
those. Now, tf the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. IjIddll] wanted, as I know he does not, to
aid the rebels, he could do nothing better than that
for them.
A Member on the Democratic side. Oh, that
is played out.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The President of the United
States is the last man m the woild that should
be chaiged with any attempt at arbitrary power.
That gentleman must know it, as evciy man
knows it, and as, thank God, the great masses of
the people not only believe it, but know it. And
1 warn those gentlemen, who are m such high
feather now at .successes obtained through false
pretenses and hypocritical professions, that the
tnumph of the wicked is short. [Laughter on
the Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a ques-
tion of oi fin.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me read an extract from
the Constitution.
Mr. IJIDDLE. Oh, that is clearly out of order.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is a little singular, sir, that
gentlemen on the other side arc allowed to go on
out of order, and that the very moment I want to
answer them, the question oforder is raised on me.
Now, I will read from the Constitution 
Mr. STEVENS. What right has the gentle-
man to lead the Constitution here? [Laughter.]
A Alnjucnu. On the other side, none at all.
[LaUi>hte .]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Because, sir, I believe m it.
[Laughter.] The Constitution provides that the
President shall, from time to time, give to Con-
gress information of the state of the Union, and
lecommend such moasuies as he shall judge ne-
cessary and expedient. Now, if gentlemen are
to come here and denounce the President for sim-
ply dischaiging his constitutional duty,I think it
is time that we should know it.
A Membf.r. How many times ia it to run?
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is to i un as often as ho may
deem it necessary or expedient in his judgment.
It is no unjustifiable interference. But of al! men
to come here and denounce the Executive for in-
terference in the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, the last f should expect would be a dis-
ciple of il Old Hickory," who came in and fought
the United States Bank right through, until he had
triumphed over it. And now, because the Pres-
ident chooses to express his own views here on a
measure of iinance m an extraordinary time like
this, he is to be charged with the exercise of an
ex?raordmary power.
Mi. BIDDLE. 1 am afraid the illustration of
the gentleman now is as ii relevant as the Consti-
tution. 1 witbdiaw my amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. Befoie the vote is taken
on the amendment which I offered, 1 propose to
perfect the part proposed to be stricken out. 1
move to stnke out the word " Tieasuiy" in the
second line.
Mr. Chairman, in the remarks just made by
the gentleman from Illinois, there isanother illus-
tration of the truth that the " wicked flee when no
man pursueth." I had scarcely said a word about
the President's message. I had not characterized
it at all. I had only gone to the extent of calling
attention to the message itself when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Biddlk] and the mem-
ber from Illinois proceeded to defend the President.
If my time had not expired, I would have charac-
terized the message as tome it seemed to deserve.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the gentleman is dis-
cussing matters not pertinent to the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I was only following di-
rectly in the wake of the member from Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman must confine his remarks directly
to the amendment which he has submitted.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then, to make my re-
marks in order, I will modify my amendment by
moving to strike out the word " Treasury," and
insert the word "President."
Mr. POTTER. Will thegentleman permit me
to offer an amendment to his amendment?
Mr. PENDLETON. Not for the present. I
will directly. I was going to say that the Con-
stitution defines the duties of the President. It
defines what shall be his duty if he signs a bill
sent to him for his approval, and what if he refuses
to sign such bill, itpiovidcs that from timg to
time he may bring to the consideration of Con-
gress such measures as he deems necessary or
expedient. Parliamentary law, which, as I said
before, was the established experience of ages in
the British Government, defines it as a breach of
the privileges of Parliament for the king, during
the consideration of a measure in Parliament, be-
fore it has been sent to him for his approval, to
express an opinion upon the subject. I quote
from the Manual:
(i Thus the king'- taking notice of the bill for suppress-
ing soldier-, depending bcloie the House ; his proposing a
pievstinual clause foi a bill before it was pr(>«ented to him
by the two Hou-c-n ; hi< expie^smg displeasure against some
person? for matters moved in Paihauient during the debate
and prepaiation of a bill, weie hi caches of privilege". And
in (Def ember l^) it was deel.ued a bte.ich of funda-
mental pi&.(•.. to icpoif any opinion or pietended
opinion of the king on any bill oi proceeding depending m
either House ot .Parliament, with a view to influence the
voto.s of members. *'
Now, sir, in the message which was sent to us
the other day, after notifying us that he had signed
the bill, the President admonishes us that it was
not such a bill as we ought to have passed, nor
neatly so good a bill as we wouid have passed if
we had followed his suggestions; and he urges
the adoption of the ponding bill to establish a na-
tional banking system. 1 submit that the mes-
sage is m no just sense a recommendation to the
consideration of Congress of such measures as
he shall deem expedient. It is an attempt actively
to interfere with the duties of legislation. It is
an attempt to bring the influence and power of
the President to bear upon matters that are al-
ready under considetation; already pending in the
two Houses of Congress for legislative discussion
and decision. It is an attempt to use the power
of the Executive to coerce or persuade acquies-
cence on the part of our Legislature. Its contin-
ued repetition would degrade the Congress from
its position as a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment to the level of a registry of presidential cdicta.
This message of Mr. Lincoln is not entirely with-
out precedent; and yet at each successive repeti-
tion it has met the indignant rebuke of the House
of Representatives, except, indeed, when this
House tamely—I would use a stronger word if
it were parliamentary—submitted to receive in
silence the message announcing the approval of
the confiscation bill. In 1842, Mr. Tyler ap-
proved the apportionment bill, and filed his rea-
sons for so doing in the State Department. His
message communicating the fact to Congress was
referred toaspectal committee,of which Mr. John
Gtuincy Adams was chairman; and that distin-
guished gentleman, on behalf of the committee,
reported a resolution " that the act of the Pres-
ident was unwarranted by the Constitution and
laws of the United States, injurious to the public
interests, and of evil example for the future, and
that the House do solemnly protest against said
act of the President." And when Mr. Polk, in
1847, sent in a message announcing that a bill
making appropriations for internal improvements
had failed by reason of the expiration of the ses-
sion before ten days had elapsed, and urgingthe
adoption of another system then under consider-
