1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1395
EKpen«es of depositing, during s-aid peiiod*, $200.
For incidental expenses, furniture, iron safes, §1,500.
For salaues and commissions of register and receiver for
the Tciritoiy oi Coloiado for tiic fiscal years ending 30tli
June, 1803, and 30th June, 1804, §2,o00.
Expenses of depositing for said periods, $200.
For incidental expenses, furniture, iron safes, $1,500.
I desire to say that at last session of Congress
there was aland office established for the Territory
of Colorado, and also one for the Territory of
Nevada; but there was no appropriation made for
carrying it into operation. So far as Colorado is
concerned, there is great need for a land office, as
there are a great many settlements made there. 1
oiler this amendment at the instance of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and ask
that a letter from him be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
General Land Office, February 21, 1863.
Sir : In reference to your oral inquiry of tins morning, [
have the honor to state that in the cases of Nevada and
Colorado land district. Icing new offices, no appiopuation
has hcietofore been made for salaries, &c., and hence such
appiopnalion is nectary for the remainder of the current
and for the next fiscal >oar. The following estimates are
therefore •-.iiggccted as necessary :
Foi salaries and commissions of register and receiver for the
Territoiies ot Nevada and Colorado for the fiscal years
ending 30th June, 3863, and 30th June, 18G4,$2,500 each
Territory $5,000
Expenses of depositing, same periods, $200 each... 400
Incidental expenses, furniture, iron safes, Sec.,
$1,500 each Territoiy  3,000
$8,400
With great respect,
J. M. EDMUNDS,
Commissioner.
Hon. II. P. Rennet, House of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know to what
purpose the $5,000 appropriated for surveying the
public lands in the Territory of Colorado is to be
applied.
Mr. BENNET. It is to he applied to the pur-
pose of surveying lands. This appropriation is
asked for the establishment of a land office at
which these lands may be bought. The salaries
of the register and receiver are §500, but they are
also allowed to take commissions. Their whole
compensation cannot exceed $3,000 each.
Mr. STEVJ2NS. I do ftot know enough about
it to oppose this amendment, and therefore will
not do so.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. At the request of the Dele-
gate from Dakota, I offer the following amend-
ment:
For compensation of clerks in the surveyor geneiaPs of-
fice in Minnesota, $2,600, as estimated for by the Secietary
of the Treasury.
I am informed by the Commissioner ofthe Gen-
eral Land Office that it is impossible to keep up
the business of the surveyor general's office in
Minnesota without making this appropriation,
for the reason that during the coming year the
swamp lands donated to that State will be selected,
which will largely increase the labors of the clerks
m the surveyor general's office. The lands voted
to the a^iicuitural college will also have to be se-
lected. ""That will, of course, increase the force of
the office. This makes it the same that it has al-
ways been. The Committee of "Ways and Means
reduced the estimate some two thousand six hun-
dred dollars. This is to place it back to where it
was, and I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says that this
has been estimated for. All that I can find esti-
mated for is some nine thousand dollars. I hope
that the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WATTS. I move the following amend-
ment:
For such surveys in the Territory of Arizona as theCom-
mis«ionei of the General Land Office may order and direct,
the sum of $5,000.
I do not presume that it is necessary for me to
argue this amendment. The Territory of Arizona
has been established,and these surveys will have
to be commenced. This is the lowest sum to start
surveys in any Territory; and it is not worth
while to have a surveyor there without giving him
something to do.
Mr. ASHLEY. I was about to move the same
amendment myself. The Territory of Arizona
having been organized, this appropriation is ren-
dered necessary. It is the lowest sum ever ap-
propriated to commence the work in any Terri-
tory.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no estimate for
that.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALDRICH. At the request of the Dele-
gate from Dakota I move the following amend-
ment, which I hope will be adopted:
For laying out n military road from the terminus of the
military State road to the eastern border of the Territory of
Dakota, via St. Paul City and Yankton, Territory of Da-
kota, §5,000, to be expended under the direction ofthe Sec-
rotary of the Interior.
In explanation of the amendment 1 ask to have
read the paper I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
A memorial and joint resolution relative to the public sur-
veys in the Territory of Dakota.
To the Honorable the Seriate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled:
Your metnoiialists, the Legislative Assembly ofthe Ter-
ritory of Dakota, respectfully represent, that, in the opin-
ion of your memorialists, the interests of Dakota Territory
do not require that any more of the public lands lying with-
in said Territoiy be surveyed at present, thattheamountof
lands already surveyed will not be occupied for some time
to come, and that the amount which the Government might
be disposed to appropiiate for purpose of public surveys
within this Tenitory would result in more permanent ben-
efit to the people of said Territoiy, and also to the interests
ofthe General Government, if art apptopi iation be made for
the purpose of building bridges within "aid Territoiy; there-
fore your memorialists would earnestly pray, that iu lieu of
an appropriation lor public surveys in this Territory, an ap-
piopnation be made lor the purpose of building bridges
across the Vermillion and the Dakota rivers, in Dakota Ter-
ritory. And will ever pray.
Be it i evolved hy /he Council and House of Representatives
of the Territory of Jiaknta, That our Delegate in Congress
be, and is hcieby,iequested to use ail honorable means to
secure the iavorable action ot Congress in this matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman propose
to strike out the appropriation in the bill for the
survey of the public lands in Dakota? If that be
done, I do not think that there will be any objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that the docu-
ment which was read shows that we have appro-
priated $5,000 more than is asked for. They have
more lands surveyed than they can use. I hope
that the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move, as an amendment to
the amendment, to strike out, " for surveying the
public lands in the Territory of Dakota, $5,000."
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WATTS. I move the following amend-
ment:
For the purchase of a territorial library for the Teiritory
of Arizona the Miin of $2,500, to be expended under the
direction of the Secietaiy of the Interior.
Mr. Chairman, the judiciary who willgo to that
Territory cannot very well take a library there
with them. It may be that they will send men
thine who will not have to consult legal authori-
ties. Perhaps the Presidentought not to appoint
any one who will have to look into law books.
The usual appropriation for a territorial library
is $5,000, but I only ask for one half of that
amount for the Territory of Arizona. I hope
that the amendment will prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. As these men go out there
to establish a new jurisprudence would it not be
better to let them go without books?
Mr. WATTS. I do not see why this should be
refused to Arizona, when it has been granted to
all ofthe other Territories. This is only half the
usual allowance.
Mr. STEVENS. This Territory of Arizona,
until a few days ago, was a part of the Territory
of New Mexico. Thc^e are few there except the
Navajo Indians. I do not suppose that there are
more than one or two there who could use this
library. I think that we had better wait until they
have learned to read.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VANDEVER. I move the following
amendment:
For completion of the custom-house at Dubuque, Jowa,
$23,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the woik on the Capitol extension,
$500,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reduce that appro-
priation to $100,000. That is enough for the pro-
tection and preservation of the building. Half
a million at this time for this purpose cannot
be justified at all. We ought to reduce these
expenditures wherever we can. The building at
present answers all of the purposes for which we
want it.
On a division, there were—ayes 14, noes 50.
Mr. HOLMAN. All that I want is a vote on
the amendment in the House. Will the gentle-
man agree to give me that?
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For continuing the work on the new dome of the Capi-
tol, $200,000.
Mr. McKNIG-HT. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
PiOviJed, That the architect ofthe Capitol be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to have the nondescript
ornament removed, under the direction of the sculptor,
from the head of the bronze statue of Liberty, before the
same is elevated to its position on the apex of the Capitol
dome,
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point that this
is a substantive piece of legislation, and therefore
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to reduce the
appropriation for the Capitol dome from $200,000
to $50,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have made this proposition in
good faith. 1 have moved to strike out §200,000
and insert $50,000 for the work on the dome of
this Capitol,because I think it ought to be done.
Indeed I would prefer that both these paragraphs,
which together provide for the expenditure of
$700,000 for continuing the work on this Capitol,
should be stricken out, and such sum only inserted
as may be necessary to secure the work already
commenced against the damage of the elements.
When the terrible troubles by which we are now
environed were first precipitated upon the country
this work was under the management of the War
Department. And the very worthy officer, Cap-
tain (now General) Meigs, who was in charge of
it, foreseeing, with a sagacity which few possessed
at that time, the magnitude of the contest and the
enormous expenditures which the nation would
be called upon to make to preserve its existence,
at once suspended the work, although he had at
the time an unexpended balance of appropriation
in his hands amounting to near four hundred
thousand dollars.
I believe that Captain Meigs did righu And
when, at the last session, the bill transferring the
management of the work from the War to the In-
terior Department was introduced, and I expressed
an apprehension that the design, or at least the
effect of the transfer would be to resume the work,
it was strenuously denied by the advocates of the
transfer, and we were modestly asked simply to
allow so much of that unexpended balance to be
used as was necessary to protect and secure the
exposed parts of the work from damage.
But, sir, to-day the mask is thrown off, and
we are asked to appropriate $700,000 to go on
with a work which no sane man can regard as a
necessity at this time. I trust wc shall not do it.
I trust the House will take this occasion to pro-
claim to the people, who are already groaning
under the heavy load of taxation and debt, which
we have been obliged to impose, that the funds
which they intrust to us shall not be diverted to
any purposes which are not necessary at this time,
but shall be sacredly devoted to the great work
which they demand at our hands—the crushing
out of this wicked rebellion, and the preservation
and restoration of their Government. For this
purpose I have not faltered or hesitated, and shall
not falter or hesitate, to vote for any sum how-
ever fabulous in amount.
But, sir, this is the touchstone to which I have
desired to bring every expenditure, " will it ad-
vance the great cause which alone absorbs the
thoughts of all the loyal people of this country
to-day?" If not, then I cannot give it my sup-
port. Hence I voted against the great canal pro-
ject which was defeated a few days ago, and in
which, sir, I venture to say, the people of no dis-
trict in the United States have more extensive and
vital commercial interests than have the people of
the district I represent. But it was not even pre-
tended that this work could be completed in time
to have any effect in deciding this great struggle;
and however I might act under other circum-
stances, I felt obliged, though differing from all
my colleagues, to vote against it.
