45:8
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 22,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask to have the last two
clauses of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio again read.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman who submitted
that amendment has gone out of the House, and
he asked me to explain it if necessary.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 intend to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio. If the
gentleman from Massachusetts wants to advocate
it, I will yield to him for that purpose after the
amendment has been again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HORTON. I do not propose to defend
theamendment I have offered; but if my colleague
[Mr. Pendleton] wants to ask me any questions,
I am ready to answer (hem. I sec by his manner
that he is anxious to ask me some questions.
Mr. PENDLETON. My first question is this:
I could not understand whether the amendment
from the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
poses that there should be an issue of certificates
to the amount of twenty per cent, more than the
gold actually deposited If the gentleman will
explain that matter to^fn^ I will then have a word
to say on the whole amendment.
Mr. HORTON. I will leave tin1 gentleman from
Massachusetts to answer my colleague.
Mr. HOOPER. I did not hear the question.
Mr. PENDLETON, if I understood the
amendment, as read, it proposes not only that
the certificates shall be issued for the payment of
interest on the public debt to an amount o'f twenty
per cent, mote than there is bullion or gold in the
Treasury, but it also provides for the issue of cer-
tificates to an amount of twenty per cent, more
than the coin deposited in the Treasury by pri-
vate individuals.
Mr. HOOPER. I think that the gentleman
understands the amendment correctly, if I under-
stand his statement. It is to save the trouble of
conveying bullion orspccie from the custom-house
to the sub-Treasury. It allows a party to make
a deposit of coin in the .sub-Treasury, and to pay
the duties with the certificates which he receives
in exchange. It is really furnishing a uort of
paper currency based upon specie. It m never
to exceed the amount of specie deposited beyond
twonty percent. That, excess would be m pay-
ment for the public interest.
I believe that it, has been decided to be out of
order to refer to the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is rather difficult to get along on this bill with-
out doing so. When the section was originally
drawn, 1 will not say by whom, the words twen-
ty per cent, beyond t he amount deposited weie left
out. It was objected to the scheme that it was a
mere convenience to the merchants, without any
compensatory convenience to the Government.
It was thought that to issue these notes in pay-
ment for the interest on the public debt would he
some little convenience to the Government. In no
case can the amount of the certificates issued ex-
ceed by one fifth the amount of the gold depos-
ited. Why, sii, bank notes representing specie,
according to the actual practice of the banks, are
considered safe when there is five per cent, of the
amount of gold in the ban)?: to redeem the promises
of the bank. But in thus case, in reference to
these certificates, t hoie mustakvays bo eighty per
cent, of gold in the Trcasuiy to redeem such ceiti-
ficates.
Mr. PENDLETON. Suppose a man takes
$100 ingoldaud deposits it in the Treasury, there
is authority here lor the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a certificate for §120.
Mr. HOOPER. Oh, no; theie is authoi uy for
the Secretary to issue a couificate for $100", the
amount deposited. If ten dollars of interest be-
comes due, of course the individual could demand
that interest m gold; but instead of handing over
that gold and receiving it immediately back again,
the Secretary may issue a certificate for ten dollars,
Mr. PENDLETON. I submit that the amend-
ment does not eni ry out the idea the gentleman
has just stated. The amendment says that the
certificates which are issued in payment of the
public debt, and ai e i epresented by eighty per cent,
of their amount in com in the Trcasut y, shall,
together with the certificates given for gold and
bullion deposited, not exceed, at any time, twenty
pet cent, of the coin and bullion in the Treasury.
If I comprehend correctly the amendment of-
fered by my colleague from Ohio, it docs not carry
out the idea which thegentleman from Massachu-
setts has just stated, and which, I presume, was
intended to be incorporated in it.
But I am opposed to the whole scheme; and I
do not think it legitimately belongs to this bill. I
can see no good reason why the Treasury of the
United States should becom^the depository of the
gold belonging to private individuals of this coun-
try, and the Government take upon itself the care
and custody thereof, while they put out these cer-
tificates certifying that it is in the Treasury. Why
is it necessary to withdiaw that gold and silver
from circulation, deposit it in your Treasury, and
have it represented by these notes? If that system
is to be fairly carried out as prescribed in this
amendment, the money will remain in the place
of deposit until these certificates shall come home
for redemption. That will not increase in any
wise the revenues of the Government. It gives
no advantage to the Government. The Govern-
ment receives nothing for the responsibility, the
care,and the trouble of the custody of this money.
I submit, therefore, that the whole amendment,
being founded upon a piuposition to do that which
there is no necessity of doing, and for the doing of
which no benefit aeciues to the Government, and
the doing of which imposes great expense and
trouble on the'Government, ought to be rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth section was then read, as follows:
Sue:. f>. Jinrf hp it fiathcr enaetcd, That the United States
note* and t ho coupon or n-irMei cm! bonds autiioiizcd by this
act shall lie in -ue1: 1<•;m n, the tfceiet-ny or tin: 'I'le.Uuty
may dnect, and sb Ui b. ar the wnttcii or r nsriavcd signa-
tun* ol' the TieaMiiei of the United Wtare^ and the Register
oi"the Ticasuty, and aKo, as evidence of l.uvlnl is-uo, the
unpunt of a copy ot tlu; seal of the Tieasuiy Department,
which lmpuut shall b.> made utidet the direction ot the Sec-
retary. after the said notes or bonds '.hall ho received fiom
the eii';ia\ ei- and before they are issued ; or the said notes
and bonds shall be signed by the Tteasmei ot the United
States, oi lor the Troasiuor hy inch prisons as may be spe-
ciallv appointed by the Heereiat} of the Tieastiry tor that
pin pose, and shall he counteiMimed h> the Regi-rei of the
Tn'asury, oi for the Hcgi-tor In such p'-i-oiH as the Secie-
tary of tile TieaMii v mav specially appoint tor that pmpo <e ;
and all the |hovimo!i> of tin* act en tilled "An act to author-
ise the i-suv oi Tkmmii y note-,'5 appnn ed the 23d day of
December, l^.TT, to fai as fhej can tic applird to tin-* act,
and nut ineoii-istent theiewilh, aie hereby levivcd and
enacted.
Mr. nORTOI\T. 1 move to amend the sixth
section by sinking out in the first hue the words
"the United States notes and," and after the word
"bonds," in the second line, insert, "Treasury
notes, and United States notes-," so that the clause
shall re.id:
That the coupon or registered bond-, Treasury notes, and
I United Status notes authorised hy tins act, &c.
i • •
i The object of the amendment is to classify these
j three desetipiions of secmity according to, if you
may so say, then supposed dignity—the regis-
tered bonds beinic (lie first; the Treasury notes,
which are the mteu\st-bcanng notes, the second;
and the- Unittd States notes, which are the legal
tender notes, the thn d.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend by adding
a new section, to come m immediately after the
sixth section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
r?rc. 7. shu' he it farther cnaeteJ, That on oi after the ltt
day ot Match, the coupon-- ol all botuUof the United
States heietotoie issued, oi w inch mav he issued mulei and
by vntue of tht-  act .-hall at anv time within thnty d lys
befote tin y bci ouic n -pechvelv due. and at any time after
they become due, he iceeivablc for customs as coin, under
Midi regulation-* as the Seerctuiy of the Tieasiny shall
prescribe.
Mr. liORTON. Tiie object of this new section
is to allow the holders of bonds to use the coupons
which ate becoming due within the next thirty
days, or any time after they become due, to pay
them into the Treasury of the United States m
the place of com. These coupons being payable
in com, this simply facilitates and renders more
convenient the transaction of business. This is
all to be done under rules prescnbcd by the Sec-
retary of the Tieasuty. Forinstance, if any per-
son held a large amount of bonds of the United
States, say, just pnor to the 1st of January, he
could use the coupons to pay the duties ou im-
ports at any time within thirty days ptior to the
coupons becoming due, or at any time after they
become due, and before they have been paid by
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all bank*, associ-
ations, eorpojations, or individuals, issuing notes or bills
for cnculation as currency, shall be subject to and paya
duty of orte per cent, senn-annualiy,from and after April 1,
1-iQ'J. upon any circulation of notes or bills as currency, is-
sued beyond the amount heieinafter named—that is to say:
banks, associations, corporations, or individuals having a
capital of not over §100,000, ninety per cent, thcieof; over
§100.000 and notovci §200.01)0, eighty pci centahcieoi, over
§200,000 and not over §300,000, seventy per cent, theieof;
over§300,000 and not over §500,000, sixty percent, thereof;
over §o00,000 and not over §1,000,000, filty percent, thereof; •
over $'1,000,000 and not over §1,500,000, foity per cent.there-
of ; over §1,500.000 and notovei $2,000,000, thirty per cent,
thereof; over §2,000.000, twenty-five per cent, thereof. And
a list or return shall b * made and entei ed within thirty days
aftei the time lixod, a;, axoresaid, to the Commissioner of in-
ternal Revenue, which shall contain a true and faithful ac-
count of the amount of duties acciued, or which should ac-
eruc, 1'ioni rime to tunc, as albican!, duiing the tunc when
such duties icmain unaccounted !oi. And thoie shall be an-
nexed to every such list or let urn a declaration, under oath or
afinmauon, to be made m torni and manner as shall be pie-
serihed by the Conimis-vton'T of Internal Revenue, of the
pietidentoi some piopei otlieei of said bank, association,
eoipoianon, or individual. le.-pcctively. that the same con-
tains a titK and faithful account of the duties which have
aeciued, oi which should a< cine, and not accounted tor;
and for any detault m thy dchvei v of such list or icturn,
w ith such declaration annexed, the bank, association, cor-
poiation, or individual, making -uch detank, shall toifeit,
as a penalty, the sum oi ,v50u. And such bank, associa-
tion, coiporation, oi individual, shall, upon lendering the
ii-t oi tetuiii as atbies.ud, p.i) t<> the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue the amount ot the duties clue on such list or
return, and in default thereof shall lot tcit, as a penalty, the
sum or §500; and m cahoot neglect or refusal to make
such li=t or return, as aibiesaul, oi to pay the duties, as
aforesaid, tor the space of thnty days after the time when
said Je t should have been made or lendercd, or when said
dunes shall have become due and payable, the assessment
and collection shall be made aeeoidmg to the geneial pro-
visions prescribed in an act entitled "• An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, and to pay in-
teiest on the public debt,'' appioved July 1, 1802.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move toamend
that section by striking out the word " semt-an-
nually," in line four, and inserting in lieu thereof
the wouls "each half yeai."
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I desire to
say a word upon this amendment. In some re-
maiks addressed to the House a few days since I
commended the prudence and wisdom of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in imposing so small
a tax upon the circulation of banks. Having had
occasion to consider that subject, 1 now perceive
that my remarks may have been apprehended, by
implication at least, as affirming the validity of
such a tax. I must say that, on reflection, I greatly
doubt the power of this Government to impose
this tax, and therefore I shall vote against the pro-
visions of this section. I have no desire to argue
the question, because I am aware that an argu-
ment of a constitutional question is generally of
little avail in the House; but I beg leave merely to
con ect my own position upon this subject, and to
say that I have a strong impression—I will not
say entire conviction—that it is not in the power
of the national Government to impose the tax.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I would ask the
gentleman whether he is not aware that the su-
preme court of the State ofNewYoik hasdecided
that while the Federal Government has power to
exempt from its taxation any species of property
or security, it has not the power to cross the lme of
States, and say whether or not, within the limits of
a State, property shall be exempt from all taxation,
or shall bcarin conncction with State taxation un-
due taxation as to some and a lighter taxation as
to other property. I have not seen the opinion,
butl understand the precise point is in judgment
in the case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert
in line five, after the word "uponthe words "the
averageamountotV'so thatthe clause shall read:
Shall be subject to and pay a duty of on') per cent, each
half year fiom and aftei Apul 1, ltt)3, upon the avetage
amount of any circulation o! uote> or bills aseuirency, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by striking out after the word "the," in the tven-
ty-iirstline, the words "time fixed as aforesaid,"
and insert " 1st day of October, 1863, and each
six months thereafter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by striking out after the word "accrue," in the
twenty-fourth line, the words "from time to time,"
and insert the words "upon the full amount of the
fractional note circulation, and upon the average
