'1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
I have thus briefly given the reasons why I have
moved to reduce the amount to be expended on
this Capitol, and I trust the committee will sus-
tain the motion.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I suggest that a
separate vote be allowed upon this in the House.
Objection being made,
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman, and
Mr. Phelps of California, were appointed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I will withdraw the
amendment.
The next clause was read, as follows:
To defray the expenses incurred in taking the census of
the Termory of Dakota, $1,250.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 am requested by the Del-
egate from Dakota to move to amend that para-
graph by striking out " two hundred and fifty
and inserting " four hundred." lam informed
by him that that was the cost of taking the cen-
sus of that Territory, as reported by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend by inserting
immediately after the clause just amended the
following:
For defraying the expenses incurred in taking the census
of tile Territory of Nevada, .$2,300.
This subject was considered and passed upon
by the Committee on Territories last session, and
was referred to one ofits members to put in form,
but he failed to return it. All the papers in rela-
tion to the taking of the census in the Territories
ofNevada, Dakota, and Colorado were before that
committee, and they reported what m their judg-
ment was a fair amount for the taking of the cen-
sus therein.
Mr. IIOLMAN. How does it lmppeiuhat the
expenses of taking the census in those Territo-
ries is not paid out of the general appropriation
for that purpose, ns ill other States and Teirito-
ries?
Mr. ASHLEY. The gentleman will remem-
ber that the Territories of Colorado, Dakota, and
Nevada were organized March 18G1,and there
was no appropriation for taking the census in
those Territories.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The census had been taken
ill the same region of country.
Mr. ASIILfcY. No, sir.
Mr. B15NNET. I will explain this matter.
The organic acts for each Territory required the
Governor of each Territory to cause a census to
be laken before he made the apportionment lor
the Legislative Assembly; and a census has been
taken in each of the Territories, under the direc-
tion oi the organic act, since the census of the Uni-
ted States was taken. The reason why a ci nsn.s
could not be taken under the general law for taking
the census of the United Stales, arose from the
fact that a census in the Teiritones, by distuots,
"was required to be taken,and the Territories hud
"been formed of portions of other Territories. 1 he
Territory of Colorado was foimed out of portions
of four different Ten itories; and there was no cen-
sus of the Territories at that time.
Mr. ASHLEY. I will soy to the committee that
all the papers were referred to the Committee on
Territories last session, and weie liythem exam-
ined; and such an amount—not tin1 amount
claimed—was allowed for taking the census in
each Territory.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is this appropriation recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior'
Mr. ASHLEY. He recommended a much
larger appropriation than the Committee on Ter-
ritories authorized me to report to the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend by inserting,
immediately after the amendment just adopted,
the following:
Konielraying Uie expenses incurred in taking the eeuMis
of the Territmy of Colorado, $3,062 68.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to amend by inserting,
immediately after the amendment just adopted,
the following:
For the purchase ofa territorial library for the Territories
ot Colorado, Dakota, and Nevada, ^,500 each.
The Committee on Territories instructed me to
reoort an amendment cutting down the amount
visually appropriated one half, considering the dif-
fimiltiM undor which we labor at the present time.
Therefore 1 have reported, instead of giving t.ie
Territories, as is usual, $5,000 for each library,
to give them $2,500. And I want to say m this
connection that Nevada lias a population to-day
of some forty-live thousand people, and Colorado
forty-five to fifty thousand.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. They have got along
very well thus far without these libraries, and I
hope they will be permitted still to get along with-
out them.
Mr. ASHLEY. I assume that the gentleman
from New York has no knowledge of what he is
stating. The district attorneys of the.United
States and other lawyers in the Territories have
no books except what they cairy in their knap-
sacks; and these libraries are needed there.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories whether all
the courts in these Territories are held ill one
place ?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The gentleman has
affirmed that the district attorneys and lawyers in
these Territories have few or no law books, and I
suppose he would have us infer that the adminis-
tration of justice cannotgo on, or, atleast, will be
greatly impeded, unloss*Congress provides these
libraries. It appears that'the courts are held at
various points throughout the vast expanse of the
Territories in question; but I suppose it is hardly
contended that the proposed libraries are to be
carried about from place to place. I insist that
this is not the time to expend the public money
for such a purpose. The suggestion that a sim-
ilar appropriation lias in past limes been made for
the other Territories, to my mind goes for noth-
ing. Let me remind gentlemen that the time has
been when they found it necessary to rack their
invention for new objects of expenditure to the
end that a plethoric Treasury might be depleted.
Now the people are groaning under taxation, and
it remains to lie seen whether the credit of the
Government will carry us through the feariul
struggle in which the country is engaged.
iiut without multiplying words, or further con-
suming the time of the committee, I venture to
iviteraTe the hope that neither this_ nor any like
appropriation will be incorporated into the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY. There are three districts in
every Territory. The law library is at the capital
of the Territory, and the books are accessible to
the district attorney, and when lie travels from
one district to another he takes such books as he
chooses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 move the following amend-
ment to come in after the one last adopted:
For the :.;i;an'> of Governor, thiee judges, -eeretaiy, and
supt'iuitomient ot iiuii.ui ^l-LOOO.
For expenses ot --Hid Teiiitmy, $1,000.
For interpreter .md iranslatoi m I tie executive office,
Fot compensation and mileage of menibeis 01 the Legis-
lative A^enibh'. otlicei-, cleiks and contingent expenses,
For compensation of Kittve\or general. .<'.rU)0!).
Foi compensation ot'iiat^latoi and clerks in utlice of tlie
Mirvcjnr general, s'J.000.
Fin'rent ol ollicc loi surveyor general, fiu-1, bookrf, sta
tioii'T\, and otiiet meidoMtal expenses .yhOOO.
For i-mvovoi of public laud* m the Temtoryol Auzona,
$:>,oco.
Mr. Chairman, tlus is a duplicate of the appro-
priation made for tin; Territory of New Mexico.
The organic act for the Teintory ot' Arizona was
WUfc?
a duplicate of the act in relation to New Mexico.
The number of officers is the .same, and the sala-
ries are the same, and thisfts but a duplicate ot the
appropriation made for the Territory of New
Mexico. The Territory of Arizona was oigan-
lzed only the other day, and this appropriation is
necessary in order to set the wheels ot govern-
ment in motion m that Territory.
Mr. K. A. CONKLING-. Which of the Ter-
ritories is this for? Montana?
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir; Arizona. The Mon-
tana hill has not yet passed, and I do not desire
to propose appropriations for it until it does pass.
The President has not yet appointed the territo-
rial officers, but he will do so in a day or two.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ASIILEY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For genera! and incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Arizona, presents ot*goods, agricultural implement*, and
other useful articles, arid to assist thera to locate and sus-
tain themselves by tb« pursuits of civilized life, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
$25,000.
Mr. Chairman, the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior was that $50,000 should be
appropriated for the Indians in the Territory of
New Mexico. After the passage of the Arizona
bill the Senate cut down that appropriation one
half, giving only $25,000 to the Territory of New
Mexico. The Territory of Arizona as now or-
ganized, contains the larger portion of the Indians
that were formerly in New Mexico, and the Sen-
ate have proposed to make an appropriation of
$25,000 to the Territory of Arizona.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that an appropriation of $50,000 has
been uniformly made to New Mexico?
Mr. ASHLEY. It is recommended by the Sec-
letary of the Interior.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has it been uniformly made?
Mr. ASHLEY. No; I did not say that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has $25,000 been appro-
priated for New Mcxico during the present ses-
sion? _
Mr. ASHLEY. It has passed the Senate.
Mr HOLMAN. Rut not this House ?
Mr. ASIILEY. Not yet.
Mr. IIOLMAN. My recollcction is that no
appropriation of $50,000 has been made for New
Mexico.
Mr. WATTS. I wish to explain. This matter
wasdiscussed here in the Committee of the Whole,
and an appropriation of $50,000 passed in com-
mittee; but there are a great many members of
this House who u keep the word of promise to
the ear but break it to the hope."
Mr. HOLMAN. Was the appropriation
adopted* . ,
Mr. WATTS. No; when it came into the
House it was lost.
Mr. HOLMAN. So I thought. That is what
I said. , ..|
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman will
not make his remaik about keeping the word of
promise to the ear and breaking it to the hope,
quite so sweeping. lip must, certainly exempt
some of us from any such charge.
Mr. WATTS. 1 do not impute bad faith to
any one. The attention of the House was notat~
tracted to the subject.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Then I understand that the
Senate amended the Indian appropriation bill by
appropriating $25,000 for the Indians in Ncsv
Mexico, and as I believe the report of the com-
mittee of conference on that bill has been agreed
to, that has now become a law.
Mr. WATTS. I wish to correct one statement
made by the gentleman ti om Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.]
I should be very glad, indeed, if half the Indians
formerly in New Mexico, or all of them,^ werem
Arizona, but the fact is that not quite half of them
are there.
Mr. STEVENS. This is not the place for an
npptopriation of this sort. The Indian appropria-
tion bill is the proper piacc for such appropriations
as this. We have agreed to some ot the amend-
ments of the Senate to that bill and disagreed Jo
others, and it has to go to a committee of confer-
ence, and this twitter can be settled there. I ob-
ject to putting into this ball appropriations that
have no affinity to it. _
Mr. ASHLEY. Do I understand the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to say that
tiie committee of conference ran insert this appro-
i priation ?
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
to say that we appropriated $,.">0,000 tor this pur-
pose.
Mr. ASHLEY. Excuse me; the Secretary
of the Interior recommended an appropriation of
<50,000 for the Indians in the Territoiy of New-
Mexico. The Senate reduced the appropriation
to ji^j.OOO, and it was done, as 1 understand, with
the' intention of giving sj2o,000 to the Territory
of Arizona.
Mr. STEVENS. There can be no difficulty,
then, in the committee of conference arranging it
by dividing the $50,000 between the two Tern-
turiefj, instead of giving it ad to one.
Mr. ASHLEY.' But the $50,000 is not appro-
P'Mr. STEVENS. It was appropriated in this
House, I think. .
Mr. ASEILEY. The Senate cut it down.
The amendment was disagreed to.
