462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
the buftcs, to stand by the section as reported by
the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr.Chairman, I wish simply
to correct a statement of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Koscoe Conkling,] which he per-
sisted in, and that was, that the banks of New
York did not suspend specie payment until after
the passage of the act of Congress making Treas-
ury notes a legal tender. The banks suspended,
as near as I can recollect, and as I am informed
by others, on the 30th of December, 1861, and the
act was signed on the 25th of February follow-
ing. That is the fact of the case, and yet the sus-
pension is said to have been consequent upon tile
passage of the law making Treasury notes a legal
tender.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will inform him that I did not say
what he quotes me as saying. I did not say that
the banks suspended specie payment at their coun-
ters only upon the passage of the legal tender bill.
I said that they suspended specie payment after
they had parted with their capital to the Govern-
ment, and with nearly all their coin.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood him to say that
it was consequent on the passage of that law. But
what business had they to part with their capital
to the Government when they owed it in other
ways? They wanted to get two inteiests upon it,
1 suppose. Was not tlmtit? I would be glad
to know why they suspended in 1857. It was
because the whole system is vicious and falla-
cious. When they are asked to pay, they do not
pay and cannot pay; and when they are no! asked
to pay, then they are solvent. That is the history
of all banks ana of all the banking corporations
of the country. But the question which 1 wish
still to press upon the House—for these are inci-
dental questions—is this, whether the Govern-
ment and the people shall have the benefit of this
circulation, or whether these institutions shall
have it ?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, I renew the
amendment for the purpose of having no nii.~ L.-ikt*
on one point. I say now to the gentleman fiom
Illinois what I did not, perhaps, distinctly .say be-
fore. The truth is, that specie redemption of bank
bills was never suspended m New "V oik until the
legal tender bill actually passed,and I will tell the
gentleman why. The Hupcrintendent of the bank
department continued up to thai very day to re-
deem in specie every dollar of circulation that was
returned tohim,and i have from him a statement
of the amount thus redeemed after specie pay-
ments at the counters were stopped. Jt is true,
therefore, that even after the Government had
deprived the banks of then- capital, after it had
received from them almost ail of their coin, nev-
ertheless specie redemptions went on, and every
penny of circulation which any one piosented and |
protested and returned to the superintend* nt of ;
the bank department for that purpose, v.aa i>- '
deemed in gold and silver. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. How could that be, if the ]
banks had parted with all their capital prior to j
that time ? j
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That question is |
not so pregnant as the gentleman seemS to sup- ■
pose. To show him that it is not, I will inform !
htm that m the case of one bank in the city of New !
York, that 1 have now in my mind—and the < u.->e |
is not peculiar except m device—the actual capi- ;
tal that they have the use of is foui 01 five times j
the amount of their own capital, because, so mi- :
piicit is the public faith m that bank that its de- J
posits are about two millions and a half, and their j
capital about halt a million. I think that is a suf- j
ficient answer to the gentle man's question, though I
it is not the only answer.
Mr. LOVEJOY. They were paying out other
people's money then.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir, no; they
were not paying out other peopled money m the
sense implied by the gentleman. They were pay-
ing out money of which they were the bailees, to
be sure, but which they weie at liberty to use till
called for; it was money deposited on call, and
they were not to surrender it until that call was
made.
Now, it is not true that the banks of the State
of New York did or could suspend specie redemp-
tions in 1857, in the way the gentleman from Illi-
nois puts it. It is true that several judges held a
conference in the city of New York to determine
whether the act of 1849 had repealed the revised
statutes or not, and certain other questions per-
taining to the rights'and liabilities of moneyed
corporations, and that they determined that they
would not issue injunctions against banks; they
said that gieat prerogative writ should not go
merely bccause a bank did "not on a certain day
pay specie at its counter. That is what they did;
and afterward 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me ask the gentleman
another question.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; we shall never get
on with the bill while one gentleman is pumping
in and the other gentleman pumpiiig out. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a point of order.
I object to the gentleman fioni New York yield-
ing the floor unless he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I decline to yit Id.
I want the moment that lemains to me. The
chairman of the Ways and Means is impatient,
and naturally so, whenever the merits of the legal
tender are brought into question. Other gentlemen
arc impatient, too; but I have remained silent as
long as 1 feel inclined to under this continual talk
about worthless rag currency of State banks, New
Yoik being put with the rest, when there is not
one word of truth in it. All gentlemen who are
pressing the bank bill aie no doubt impatient
when a member lises to vindicate his State and
its hanking institutions from these imputations so
indiscriminately thrown out.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i have not heard a word said
against the banks of New York, as such.
Mr, ROSCOE CONKLING. No; but they aie
included with all others, i speak for New York
alone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I sought the floor just now
because I wanted the gentleman to answer this
question, whether the banks of New York did not
meet, by their representatives, on the 25th of De-
cember, 3SG3, and agree not to pay; and whether
after that they did not refuse to pay a cent except
on prou-st?
Ah . ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not know
ihut that is not so. I do not deny it. It is not in
the slightest decree inconsistent with what I said.
Air. LOVEJOY. Why, the gentleman stated
over and over again that they paid light along till
after ihe passage of the legal tender law.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I said their notes
were redeemed in eo n, and I say so again. I
withdraw the amendment.
The question reemred on Air. McKnigiit's
amendment; and being put, the amendment was i
rejected—ayes sixteen, noes not counted. !
Mr. STKVENS. I desire to offer an amend- i
menf,and 1 hope it will not lead to a debate of i
mote than four hours. [Laughter.] if 1 thought '
it would, I would not oiler it. I move to insert, ■
after the woids "average amount," the words .
" of the aggregate of the deposits. " ;
I shall not at this time go back to reargue the ques-
tion of the propriety of the legal tender measure. I :
might get too much confused with it. Everything !
that has gone wrong since it was passed seems to '
be imputed to it. The gentleman from New York !
[Mr. Koscoe Conkling] did say, although he for- ■
got it afterwards, that this suspension of specie '
payments was caused by the passage of that in- ■
famous measure, I think he called it, which flooded
the country with iriedeemable paper, called legal ■
tender. Now, sir, the truth is that the Secretary
of the Treasury informed us in January that lie |
had negotiated a loan with the banks of New York i
for ^50,000.000, mid er the discretion given him, !
| and that, us it was to be paid in coin, he allowed
| a discount of, I think, £5,400,000 or thereabouts j
upon it, and that within a few days before any of '
it was paid he had received notice from the banks '
that they could not pay it in com, and they never I
did. j
A month and a half or nearly two months after
that, wc passed the first legal tender note bill; so !.
that that was not the cause of the suspension of ij
the New \ork banks. Those who have studied ij
the question will see, with my friend from Alas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Walker,] that the circulation j
and currency of the banks consist as much inde- j|
posits, on which checks are drawn, passing from '!
j one to another, as they do in actual notes; so that -\
i the deposits of banks'in the State of New York i
and the State of Pennsylvania arc just as much
in circulation as their bill issues. If you want to
repress this speculation, you must smike at the
place whence it springs, namely, at the immense
deposits in the banks. The expansion on that
alone m the New York banks, with m the last three
months, amounted to $60,000,000. Now, Eng-
lish writers tell us that while the whole issue of
bank bills in Great Britain was under $300,000,000,
the banks had contrivancesby which the papercur-
rency actually in circulation was $2,000,000,000.
It is, therefore, with a view of taxing the circu-
lation of the big as well as of the little banks that
I have offered this amendment.
Air. Chairman, I understand why it is that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] is mis-
led in this matter. Itis because he has been bung-
ing into the civil operations of the Government
the Jewish law, which holds that if a man has one
talent, it is to be taken from bun and given to the
man who has ten. That is a reason why 1 can
very w< 11 excuse him.
Air. LOVEJOY. I beg leave to correct the gen-
tleman's the<>!o<*y. It was Christ who said that.
Mi STEVENS. Well, was he not a Jew?
[Laughter.] He was a Hebrew Jew. Now, sir,
my amendment is offered in earnest, so that if you
are to repress this circulation—which cannot be
done by an indigested and indigestible bill of this
kind—you must aim at the real center of specu-
lation.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. Chairman,
I have, perhaps, no right to say that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste\ens] is op-
posed to any tax on circulation; but f do say that
there is no motion that can be introduced here
winch will more effectually prevent any tax fiom
being put on an excessive issue of bank currency
than the proposition of the gentleman. He has
characterized this as a crude and undigested meas-
ure.
ATr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Did I not
understand the gentleman fiom Veimontto saya
moment since that this was not intended as a tax ?
Mr. AIORRILL, of Vermont. It is intended
to repress the excessive circulation.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. And not
for tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will modify
my language to that extent, as it expresses with
more precision what I meant to say. Now, lean
well conceive that a Pennsylvarnan may be op-
posed to any tax at ail on circulation, for the reason
that banks in Pennsylvania are allowed to have
thiec dollars of circulation for every dollar of cap-
ital. Tins bill is not so crude and imperfect as
not to reach such an excessive issue as that, and
possibly digest some part of it.
Air. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow me
to lemark that he has no right to say that I am
opposed to this tax ?
Mr. AIORRILL, of Vermont. 1 have not said
that.
Air. STEVENS. No; but you have insinuated
it in that kind of way as if you wanted to be so
understood. Speak out. This bill does not speak
out half its meaning.
Mr. AIORRILL, ofVermont. I speak out and
say frankly that his amendment will have that
effect, whether he so intends it or not. It is, as
it appears to me, to load down the section so as
ultimately to secure its rejection entirely.
Now, in regaid to taxing the deposits, I am free
to say that it is a question not without some dif-
ficulty. I agree, to a certain extent, that for a
bank to receive deposits and give certificates there-
for, is an issue of circulation; but I do not agtee
that it is to the same extent, and identical with,
the circulation of bank bills, and for this reason:
merchants having daily use for their funds, know-
ing beforehand that they will require them for use
immediately, deposit them in the banks for con-
venience, issuing checks thereon as may be re-
quired. Country banks have large deposits in
city banks, in order to redeem their bills as they
come in daily. Such deposits as these are of n'
great benefit to the banks wherein deposited, fo
it would be unsafe to discount them, and yet they
swell the aggregate. But what is the present state
of facts in regard to the deposits? The whole
banking capital of the State of New York, city
included, is $308,000,000. They have in circula-
tion about $37,000,000; and the Government, this
very dayt owes to these banks $107,000,000, or
