1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I^Gi
just as if the President was responsible for it, and
could furnish a policy for the war. The war is
greater than the President; greater than the two
Houses of Congress; greater than the people,
with the new Democracy thrown in; greater than
all together, and controls them all, and dictates
its own policy; and woe to the men or party that
will not hoed its dictation. The House thought
it could control the war, and it good-naturedly
resolved itself into a respectable convention and
passed with almost unanimity the Ciittenden res-
olution, and its getters-up said to themselves,
"that'll fix 'em;" and it floated out on the pop-
ular breath like an autumn leaf on the wind, and
was lost in some dell of forgetfulness, no more to
be named, save here. You might as well attempt
with packthreads to tie down the pulses of the
eternal forces of nature, and declare the objects
and purpose of a new-bom earthquake, as thus
to stay and control the forces that produced tins
revolution.
These Democrats demand that the war must
be so conducted as least to aggravate the feelings
of the rebels, and keep the way open to a recon-
ciliation. Well, sir, for a year and a half we did
conduct this war on precisely these principles, for
this same purpose of keeping the way open.
Never since the fir&t battle on earth was a war so
forbearing!y and tenderly earned on as this on
our part. When the rebels smote us on one cheek
we turned to them the other also, got another blow,
and seemed rather to like it. We guarded rebel
property white the owners were off murdering our
people. The young sons of northern motheis
have stood through the chill long night to guard
the dwelling with the wife and children of one of
these "proud sensitive biothers," who stole back
in the cold giay of the coming dawn, and shot
down on his own doorstone the young guardian
of his home and hearth. Did not we turn our
army of noble and educated youths into slave-
hunters, and our officers into baying dogs, bailiffs,
and jailors, for their drivers? Have we not placed
lines of sentinels around the fields where they
drove their chattels to toil, andegiven up to lashes
and death the poor wretches who had setved us
with fidelity ? Have we not gnat ded the whipping-
post and the auction-block? Our bayonets have
forced the victims to beds of lust, and our sol-
diers were the sentinels at the doors of this hide-
ous prostitution. If there is an infamy that we
did not commit to keep 44 the way open," thank
God I am ignorant of it. Why, sir, the vener-
able gentleman from Kentucky furthest from me
[Mr. Wickuffe] did not complain of this mode
of carrying on the war; he whose notion of" the,
Union as it was, and the Constitution as it is,"
seems to be a restoration of the runaways to the
patriarchal lash and pious sale of the master.
And during all these months these Democrats
have stood holding out their arms and beseech-
ing our brothers to leturn, offering to compio-
mtse and be compromised in any way, to any ex-
tent, and on any terms; and they still occupy that
mendicant position, notwithstanding they are
spurned with scoffs and scorn by the rebels.
And what were the results of thus carrying on
the war? The wandering States have united and
solidified, under the gentle pressure and opportu-
nities of the war, into the consistency of ti nation;
and fiom a few scattered, half-oiganized regi-
ments, they confront us now with an army gieater
than modern Europe has ever seen; an army tlwit
would have walled Napoleon out of Russia, and
that could have driven the Russians, French,
English, Turks, all, out of the Crimea, or eat them,
to their cartridge-boxes, in a week. And it was
through our mode of conducting the war only that
the rebels have attained these proportions. In
how much longer time would it have enabled them
to achieve their purposes, piay? Keep the way
open. Oh, th^ie are some fools so sublime, that
the maxim permitting them to profit by experi-
ence cannot reach them ! Their folly mounts up
to that awful crime that has no name, and can
have no forgiveness. But we are told that the
scepter is already passing from us, and the country
is again dufting upon the wrecking rocks of De-
mocracy. Were this so, it would seem but the
ordinal y result of the labors of the two parties.
The Republicans, as a party, have done no act,
spoken no woid, to ictain power in their hand.
Their whole eneigy haw been given to the caftse
of the country only, regardless of all possible po-
litical consequences to themselves. Never in the
vvoild's history did a party so apply the knife to
its own members, and so unsparingly lay bare the
doings of its weak or wicked. And no party ever
so boldly and defiantly thrust the weapons of as-
sault into the hands of its enemies, and pointed
out its own weak and vulnerable places. And cer-
tainly no party ever so selfishly and wickedly
traded in the calamities of a wretched country,
for the sole purpose of stealing back the power it
had lost, as these leaders of the Democracy. And
these leaders every day, on this floor, taunt us
with their already achieved success; that we are
already blasted with a popular mildew; and we
are caricatured under the ghostly forms of corpses
walking about this House.
My colleague from the capital district [Mr.
Cox] early denounced us as contumacious, be-
cause wo did not vacate our seats and abandon
everything to thehandsof tlie recently resurrected
Democracy, who came with the smell of the char-
nel-house and the odor of old corruption upon
them so strong that we may well doubt their return
to full life. Sir, the Democracy have not secured
the next Congress; they have not even elected a
majoi lty of the next House. They will be stronger,
but they will be powerlesssave to mockand make
mouths at fate, as they do here. Even if they
were able to tear our laws from the statute-book,
the energy of our legislation will have launched
the country and its cause so far on the returnless
tide of events as to place them beyond theirreach.
If the gentleman looks to the numerical vote of
the fiec States, where parties only exist in a quasi
normal condition, he finds a majotity of over
eighty-six thousand votes against the Democracy
by the official count. And yet these elections are
dec.larcd to be a condemnation of the President
and his policy; of emancipation, confiscation, the
abolition of slavery in this capital, and I know
not what beside. Sir, all they did or could accom-
plish was merely to designate who should fill the
offices, to indicate who of the applicants should
have the places.
Sir, before an election can amount to a solemn
judgment of the people upon the most grave and
momentous issues, it must be had after the fullest
and moNt complete hearing before the whole peo-
ple, all of whom must have an opportunity to pass
upon them, and in a period of profound repose,
favorable to reflection and decision. Not one of
these conditions attended these elections.
1. There never was any hearing, full or other-
wise, before the whole people upon these issues.
In many sections not a political speech was made,
nor a paragraph published upon them. In myown
section of Ohio, not a word, nota single word, for
or against those leading measures. Everybody of
all patties acquiesced in them.
S. An entire fifth, at least, of the voters were
absent both from the argument and the decision
of the cause.
Who shall pretend to say that the absent are
concluded by this decision thus made m their
absence, or that any issue or principle could be
settled by this fraction of a tribunal ? It could and
did elect men to office, and nothing more, no matter
how exhaustive may have been the discussion,
how long the deliberation, or how solemn the de-
cision.
3. The fact of the absence of this immense
mass of the people, itself proves the presence of a
giganticdhtutbmg cause, which rendered deliber-
ation and judgment impossible.
We were at war. The absent were in the field,
in camp, on the march, m battle, pursuing and
being pursued; in hospitals nursing, or being
nursed; dead, burying the dead, or being buued.
We were in a huge war against treason for the
nation's life. The nation's map was torn asunder;
a huge ragged gulf from the Atlantic to Mexico,
parting the life arteries, was growing wider and
u-id'.'i\ We were trying to grapple the fragments
toge tiier with our naked hands, bridging the chasm
with the live bodies of our devoted people, or fill-
ing itup with their red and mangled remains. Our
ears were filled with the roar and clangor of battle,
its shout and shnck and groan.
The States were turned into great recruiting sta-
tions, into extemporized camps. Hundreds of
fiery-tongued oratois wore urging the strong and
bia\e to 'the field. Hundreds of thousands were
unclasping the staying arms of love from their
necks and rushing to battle and death; and part-
ings and sobs and tears were through all the land.
Nota living human heart but was moved as it
never was before,and went out to contemplate, or
stood still to feel and agonize in the presence of this
fearful calamity. In themidstof thesescenescame
the elections. Save the thinking few, and the de-
signing many, who cared for them? Who of the
masses who questioned every breeze for the re-
sult of the fight, and who trembled at every rumor
for the safety of the loved, or who went in innu-
merable mourning processions to take leave of the
departing regiments—whoof these would know of
or care for the issues that awaited their decision
by what seemed to them at that time the trivial
process of the ballot? They would not know of
them or care for them; and that man is a wretch
beyond redemption, or a fool five, times damned,
who asserts that anything in the way of principle
or policy was or could be settled by the people in
that election.
Think you that the two hundred thousand who
then volunteered, rushed to arms to condemn.a
war that they went to fight, to condemn a policy
for which they gave their blood, or to rebuke a
President whom they obeyed from love and pro-
found respect? Condemn emancipation ! Why
did they volunteer? Or think you that the fathers
and brothers who gave, these up to peril, intended
by their votes to condemn themselves, as the mur-
derers of their sons and kindred, for thus sending
them to strife and death in support of this policy?
What man has here presented a remonstrance
against emancipation, or against the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus ? Who has petitioned
for the repeal of the confiscation act, the tax law,
or the recstablishment of slavery in this capital ?
The elections cannot in anyway be taken as a
condemnation of the Republicans as a party, for
as a distinctive party, on their own platform, they
were not in the contest anywhere. In Ohio they at
once abandoned their party organization and fra-
ternized withevery body and everythingthatstood
by the common cause. They asked nothing for
themselves, for no places for favorites; and in the
meekness of their magnanimity they thrust the
State back into hands from which the people had
rescued it, and to which, under ordinary circum-
stances, they would never have again committed'
it. They disregarded the sacrifice, the labor, and
unselfish devolion of an able, pure, and patriotic
executive, who had faced the first gush of the
storm, and whose efforts had placed Ohio in the
van with her foremost sisters; and they put at
the head of affairs a life-long opponent, who had
been twice rejected by the people for that high
office. The Union convention, composed mainly
of Republicans, that made this nomination in 1861,
placed this Democratic candidate for Governor on
the Ciittenden resolution—so often referred to
here as the pcrfcct scheme of salvation—as their
State platform. Against this candidate, on that
platform, some of these same Democratic gentle-
men, under the lead of my colleague, [Mr. Val-
landigiiam,] rallied the Democracy, simple and
unregencrated, and they cast against them over
fifty thousand votes. Be it remembered that this
was before the inauguration of these measures,
now said to be condemned. Those votes were
against the war and the Crittenden resolution.
At the last election, the same Union party placed
conservative candidates on the same Crittenden
resolution, and they were beaten by these same
Democrats, under the same leader, by ten thou-
sand.
If this election in Ohio settled anything but the
offices, it was a condemnation by the Democracy
of that State of the Crittenden resolution. And
strange as it may seem, my colleague, [Mr. Cox,]
the eternal eulogizer of this everlasting resolution,
was among the foremost in procuring this con-
demnation; and stranger still, the venerable au-
thor of this resolution, in this same contest was
tugging away aiding that gentleman in this labor
of love, the strangling of his misbegotten, miscon-
ceived, misdehvered brat.
Sir, there has been another election in Ohio; a
final and silencing leply to all this clamor of my
colleague; an election the fulfillment of an old
| promise, and full of the promise of a new proph-
\ ecy. Two years ago the people of that State
1 elected a Legislature, a majority of which were
| members of the Democratic paity. Within the
j last few weeks that same Legislature,a majority
S of whose members still are Democrats, reelected to
