1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the Senate of the United States Benjamin Frank-
lin Wade. In the teeth of these elections and the
light shed upon them by the illuminating speeches
of my colleagues, they seized upon that embodi-
ment of the intensest energies of the radical foices
that are now grasping at the throat of this rebel-
lion, and hurled him back into the Senate as the
haughty response of a mighty State to their child-
ish clamor. What do you suppose now our State
thinks of emancipation and confiscation and the
arrest of traitors? Do you say to me that this
Legislature was elected two years ago? I reply,
that one year ago it refused to elect Mr, Wade,
and that it was only their estimation of these great
measures and the events that have sprung into life
since, that enabled the Democrats of that body to
overcome prejudices strong as life, and rise to this
great act, an act that seals Ohio to emancipation
and its kindred measures. It is the recoil, the
reaction in Ohio, that reelected Mr. Wade.
The evils of this war and their origin are charged
upon us. My colleague, [Mr.Cox,] in the speech
referred to, aggregated the ills that have overtaken
the country since the advent of Republican power
under fourteen Moody heads, precisely as if they
were to be charged to our account; as if our very
presence m the midst of peace and beauty had in-
voked them from the heavens above and conjured
them fiorn the earth below. I have heard of it dis-
caseamongmcn called bronze. Its principal symp-
tom is an intense brassiness of the face. Here is a
case of bronze. It seems to me, also, that several
other gentlemen over there have it more or less
eievcre, and many of the cases are badly compli-
cated with another prevailing disorder.
In the spring of 1857 a Democratic Administra-
tion succeeded one equally Democratic. A Demo-
cratic President, Democratic Congress, Demo-
cratic Supreme Court, with a Democratic Cabinet
at home and Democratic ministers* abroad. The
Army was commanded by Democratic generals,
and the Navy obeyed Democratic orders. Every-
thing was Democratic; and the succeeding four
years was a saturnalia of Democracy. Its prin-
ciples, as illustrated in these days, icigned, and
worked none but then* legitimate results. No
provisions of the Constitution; no scruples of con-
science; no doubt of morality; no question of the
public good; none of national gloiy; no icgurd
for opinion or the voice of after history, intervened
to check or change these inevitable results, and
never in the world's history was the descent of
a groat nation so fatal and rapid, nor a national
calamity so mournful and profound; and none
certainly was ever so wholly and entirely due to
the unaided effoits, the wide, deep, and measure-
less depravity of those who worked the govern-
mental processes. Disorder was not confined to
one branch of the public service, it peivadrd the
whole; not limited to subordinates, to bureaus,
and departments, hut the three great eooidinate
branches of the Government were disorganized
and debauched, with scarce the form of adminis-
tration left. The virus was not merely circulating
in a few narrow channels, but under a malignant
poison the framework of tin; Government itself
was dissolving, and its foundations crumbling
away. The Constitution was unequal to sustain
the weight of ruins, and the States themsehes
dropped off dead and rotten, wienched away
by these Domocratu hands. Such a state was
reached that the only remedy possible was a re-
currence n> fust principles, and an appeal to the
untouched life and love of the people.
But who was there hero with recognized power
V) make that appeal r The judges of the Supieme
Court, in a fieuzy,toie the national ermine from
iheir shoulders, and lied, howling fierce blasphe-
mies and treason against the life of the nation.
Whole delegations m these two Houses left their
seats to execute the eonspiraey they had con-
cocted heic, and rushed forth to lead armies-1 hither
to trample out the lutle vitality that their strang-
ling hands had left m the nation's heait. in
the Execuhve Mansion still sat a feeble old man
amid the wieck of fallen faculties and the debris
of a not over virtuous life; puling and driveling
in helpless imbecility; blind and weak, unknow- '
ing and uncanny, in the hands of the giant crim-
inals of lus Cabinet, who had mined the national
palace info a cave of conspuatois and murdeiers
agnmst th'- national honor and existence. And
when the time drew near for the Executive elect
to assume hrj duties, for the security of his life
he was obliged to disguise his person and steal to
the capital in the night, like a fugitive, amid the
jeers of these same gentlemen.
During all this time, the leading gentlemen on
your right, who now charge these ills upon us,
who charge us with a daily violation of the Con-
stitution, and who stand here to thwart and hin-
der the President, who alone is armed with power
to crush this rebellion—these gentlemen occupied
the same seats, were members of the same Dem-
ocratic party, brothers of the same political litter
with the conspirators, seeing all these things, and
in daily and nightly intercourse with the plotters
and doers of them, with the interests of American
citizens and the responsibilities of American Rep-
lcsentatives; and yet, during all that wretched
time, not a man of them—.not a single man—ut-
tered a word of dissent, reproof, or reproach to
the conspirators, nor. a whisper of warning or an
admonition to the people. Through all that fear-
ful time, as day by day the treason was more
clearly developed and more boldly avowed, and
asone miscreantafter another hissed his poisoned
philippic against his country, and derided and de-
fied its power to prevent or punish his treason,
these men sat here as mute as Memnon, in whom
no sun-stroke could awake arcsponse. From them
came not the slightest effort to prevent the catas-
trophe—no law to restrain, no resolution to stay.
So far from seeking to prevent or hinder the reb-
els, they one and all denied all power to do cither.
So far from attempting to prevent a dissolution of
the Union, one of their leaders, with the consent
of their silence, proposed and advocated a dis-
memberment. And yet these minions of the trai-
tors, whose proudest achievements were to win
some note of approval, some word of commend-
ation from their patrons and masters, charge us
as the authors of these ills, and are now the only
true pati lots alive.
Oh! I know that gentlemen, after two years,
make swift haste to disclaim all sympathy with
the dismemberment; scheme of their associates,
and 1 take them at their word, as congressionally
bound to do. But, sir, when that project was
brought forward and advocated by its author, on
that fearful day when the Union was put to the
mck, and its thews and sinews weie cracking
like the crack of doom under the awful strain,
these gentlemen sat by and gave it the assent and
approbation of their silence. Not a word of dis-
sent nor a token of reproof escaped from one of
them. They had predicted a dissolution of the
Union as a result of our success in the last pres-
idential election; and God knows that it is not
their fault that the prophecy is not fulfilled.
1 know, sn, that when the shock at Sumter
came, it hushed these gentlemen into silence and
mm ming patuotism. They were as much amazed
as tin ir old allies were, at the results North: a
united people standing with hands outstretched
for weapons, and demanding to be led against the
traitors. You remember the course of these gen-
tlemen at the extra session: philippics fie ice and
bitter against the Piesident and his policy, and
not a word of reprehension of the lebels in arms.
And then how sedulously and industriously they
set about digging up and galvanizing the buried
skeleton of their party; going among the people 1
wuh shams and fraudulent pretenses, and return- I
ing at the recent session with more and bitterer '
speeches, and then again among the people, reor- I
ganiztng their old party, and lubricating and re- 1
pairing its old creaking machinery, and putting i
forth its nanie^ and cries—and for what? Can j
any man tell me tor what? What need had tltt; !
country that could be best served by their party ? !
Their only purpose is amid these calamities to !
steal back the power they had lost, regardless of j
consequences. The Republican organization was :
abandoned, and Us hosts, united with all men ofall j
parties for the one purpose of sustaining the Gov-
ernment, became a party of and for the Govern- '
mcnt. And these gentlemen have banded together, !
not to sustain the Government—that would place ;
them with us—but to oppose and war upon this j
party of the Government to put it down. The 1
lebels strike at the Government in the field, and ,!
these leaders strike at it here; and yet they do not :|
oppose the Government—not they. 1 do not care '!
for words. When we remember the course of
these gentlemen during the incipient stages of the ,
iebelhon, and when we now see one set of the
same men at open war upon the Government, and n
the other in open opposition to it, pursuing the
same end by different means only, that is the end
of argument.
But, sir, I must yield the floor to other gentle-
men, I wish to say one word further. My learned
^nd astute colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham,] one
of the ablest gentlemen upon this floor, says,
" Why not meet us before the people?" I tell
my colleague, with the frank candor of a man
that meets every responsibility, that he shall be
met before the people.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope my col-
league will be able to make that statement good.
Mr. RIDDLE. Ah, sir, the gentleman aspires
to the first place in our State; but the people of Ohio,
who stand by this Government, will find some
worthier exponent of their views; and will cer-
tainly oppose to him some able and experienced
man fully representing their views. In my high
character as a private citizen, I shall at all times
be happy to discuss these questions with the gen-
tleman anywhere and everywhere; and I can as-
sure the gentleman that he shall be met; he shall
be met fairly; he shall be met manfully; he shall
be met with the Constitution; he shall be met with
the laws; hcshall be met with historical incidents;
he shall be met wuh apt illustrations; he shall be
fairly met with all the arms and weapons of a fair,
honorable, and manly warfare, and he may en-
counter indignation that will scorch, sarcasm that
will flay alive, and wit that will sting to death.
He shall be met. And as the gentleman was mak-
ing that speech, theie came ominous responsive
murmurs from the galleries all around this Hall,
and the gentleman's friends demanded that they
be cleared. Sir, when the gentleman is met be-
fore the. people, there will be no rule that will clear
the galleries. When the shout of just condemna-
tion swells out, the galleries will clear the House.
And I should like to know, sir, what thatother
colleague of mine [Mr. White] meant towaids
the close of his speech of the other evening, when
he said that from his district " there should be no
man-stealing" under that bill. What could the
gentleman mean ? Clearly not that which his cool
and sober judgment will now recognize as the true
line of conduct, hut an expression into which he
was hurried by feverish excitement, the hidden
source of which he was, perhaps* not quite con-
scious of. Man-stealing! Sir, when a great and
suffeiing nation, almost discrowned, comes with
the emblem of its glory, its old flag which has
floated rent and torn on so many fields, and seeks
its own boin children to come to its >esc,ue, he
calls it man-stealing. But when some panting fu-
gitive, hunted with horn and hound and dog, lies
quivering and torn, the gentleman finds ample au-
thority for that in the Constitution and its ever-
lasting compromises, as well as in the eternal fit-
ness of things; but when the nation comes to claim
her children for her own defense with dium-beat
and banner, that, in the gentleman's vocabulaiy,
is man-stealing, is it ?
No matter how we may lash ourselves into un-
thinking expression, the people themselves can-
not long remain passive and unknowing. Some-
times acting on a plane above logical deduction,
sometimes a little below the plane of intelligent
instinct, they invariably work themseU e^, ulti-
mately and finally and at no distant day, to u nght
appreciation of things. Such a time as that will
overtake, if it has not already overtaken, the pop-
ular sentiment. The time shall come when these
issues shall be fairly met before the people. They
have no motive to be wrons-, and are too wise to
be far misled. These great issues shall be fairly
discussed; they will be understood; and a right-
eous judgment shall award to the gentlemen, as to
ourselves, that award which the pale-browed and
deep-eyed student of future history shall not re-
verse; and to thatawardof the people, and to that
conforming award of future history, so fai as my
humble conduct is concerned in these issues, lani
abundantly contcnt to submit them.
RECONSTRUCTION OF THE UNION.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
have waited long and patiently fur an oppoi tunity
to put on record a printed letter of mine relating
to a subject which has been biought into the con-
troversy here chiefly by my colleague, [Mi. Bing-
ham.) It relates to propositions intioduced by
me in February, 1861, winch are already on the
records of the House. But inasmuch as 1 have
