1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
been misrepresented very grossly outside of this
Chamber, and misapprehended (of course I would
use no stronger term than that) by the gentleman
himself, I desire that this may go into the debates
of the House along with his speeches. I may be
permitted, also, to express my regret thatmy col-
league, in printing his speech for circulation in
pamphlet form, has omitted that which is of the
very esscnce of the propositions, namely, the pre-
amble,'which interprets and explains them, and
which shows that they were not, as he has charged
against them, propositions looking to a division
of the United States into separate confederacies or
nationalities, or anything resembling it, but only
an arrangement of the several States in the elec-
toral colleges and in the Senate of the United
States within the Union and under the Constitu-
tion, for the purpose of voting in those bodies.
In fact, although the gentleman was himself a
member of this House at the time they were of-
fered, they never attracted his attention or the
attention of any one else till afterwards; outside
of the House they were, for political purposes,
utterly misrepresented.
Now, it is very convenient for persons not
members to attempt to make not merely the mis-
representation, but the absolutely false statement
that they were propositions for the establishment
of distinct nationalities. I never made, I never
contemplated a proposition of the kind. The
propositions were solely to maintain the Union;
but they gave a similar negative to the weaker sec-
tions against the action of the stronger sections,
which our fathers, in the Convention of 1787, gave
to the smaller States against the possible aggres-
sions of the larger States of the Union. That was
the design, the sole purpose of the propositions.
Accordingly, having been again assailed from
a quarter that I regard as of sufficient importance
to justify me in noticing it, I prepared a letter,
which has been printed and circulated, and which
collates the evidence in regard to my purpose in
introducing them. I may again be permitted to
say that when my colleague from the Portage dis-
trict [Mr. Edof.hton] has referred to this matter
in publishing his pamphlet speech he had the de-
cency to publish the whole of it, including the
preamble, while my other colleague, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] from some circumstance or other, has seen
fit to omit it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to inform the
gentleman in regard to this matter, that when I
furnished his propositions for publication to the
Globe, I published everything about them. Any-
body that looks at the pamphlet copy will see that
there was no room for anything more than the
propositions that were inserted.
I beg leave to say further, that no letter which
my colleague can publish, and no preamble con-
nected with those propositions, and nothing that
he can say can shake in the mind of any free man
the interpretation which I gave to those proposi-
tions myself. I beg leave to say further, that I
never gave any interpretation to them which I did
not give in his presence. As to my not noticing
them when they were introduced, I am not aware
they were a subject of discussion at all at the time
of their introduction.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The opinion of my
colleague is a matter for him to determine; butno
dogmatism of assertion by him or any one else
will either change what is written there, or alter
the opinion of any right-minded man who under-
stands the English language as to whatthey meant.
I am perfectly content, therefore, with the colla-
tion in the letter I have referred to of the evidence
as to my purpose in submitting them. The gen-
tleman hns published the preamble in the Globe,
and has not published it in his pamphlet speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. I gave the gentleman the
reason.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not many persons
see the Globe, and every one to whom he or his
friends may send the pamphlet copy wiil see the
other.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague pardon
me for asking another thing? Does ho pretend
that the preamble would be ever put in the Con-
stitution, even if his amendments were accepted ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman is too old a member, has practiced too
lon°" at the bnr, and has served too long here,
not to be able to answer that question himself. I
do not undertake to say no
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. But 1 do say that
that preamble, like all other preambles, interprets
the meaning of the act or joint resolution, and
shows distinctly what the object is.
The letter is as follows:
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C.3 December 16,1862.
To the Editor of the Enquirer:
In an abolition newspaper of your city, of a recent date,
I observe the following :
"Mr. VallandiohaMj by his propositions for a division of
the Republic into four distinct nationalities— propositions as
infamous in their design as ruinous m their consequences
—did as much to rouse the people to a sense of their real
danger as the tnst shots of the insurrectionists at Charles-
ton."
Now, it is somewhat remarkable certainly, ih&t after the
introduction, in February, 1801, of the propositions falsely
thus described bythat newspaper, itnotonlycomphmentod
the speech m which Mr. Vallandigham defended them, but
actually so fur tailed to become aroused to a sense of dan-
ger, as to repeatedly and earnestly advocate the policy of
letting the South go—a something that Mr. Vallandigham
has never done to this day. But let that pass.
The deliberate and ciicumstantial repetition at this time,
and m its fullest form, of the misrepresentation of the nature
of the propositions which I did introduce, is but another
pioof of the desperate fortunes of the abolition party, and
particularly of the press which has snppoued it. To the
personal assaults of that press, and especially of the paper
quoted from, 1 reply not. Pope and I'agan may now very
calmly be allowed to sit at the mouth of the abolition cave
and gnash their toothless gums at Deinociatic pilsruns as
they pass by. ''The effectual checK and waning"propor-
tions" of this Administration, and its despotic and bloody
policy, enable us to practice the more cheerfully now a
pinlo-ophy which hitherto may have been somewhat com-
pulsory. But false statements of recorded or historic facts
do not come within the mle.
Now, Mr. Vallanihgiiam never proposed to divide the
Republic into " four distinct nationalities." Ho far as any
such proposition has been suggested at all, it was by General
Scott, who even went as far as to name the probable capi-
tals of three of these " nationalities." My ptoposition, on
the contrary, was to maintain the existing CJnion or " na-
tionality" forever, by dividing or niranging the Suites into
sections within the Union under the Constitution, for the
purpose of voting in the Senate and electoral colleges. Let
the tacts speak. The lollowing is the preamble to my pro-
posed amendments:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States is a
grant of specific powers delegated to the Federal Govern-
ment by the people of the several States, all powet snot del-
egated to it nor prohibited to the Stated being reserved to
tiie .States ror-pectively, or to the people; and whereas it
is the tendency of sttonger Governments to enlarge their
powers and jurisdiction at the expense of weakei Goverri-
mentr", and of majorities to usurp and abuse power and op-
press minorities, to arrest and hold in chock which tendency
compacts and constitutions are made; and whereas the only
elfeetual constitutional sceuuty tor the rights of minoiities,
whether as people or as States, is the power expressly re-
served in constitutions ot protecting those rights by their
own action ; and whereas this mode of protection by checks
and guarantees is recognized in the Ftdciai Constitution,
as well as m the case of the equality of the States in rep-
resentation and in suffrage m the Senate, as m ihe provis-
ion for overiuling the veto of the President, and for amend-
ing the Constitution, not to enumerate other examples ; and
wheicas, unhappily, because ol the vast extent and divers-
ified interest and institutions of the several States nf the
Union, sectional divisions can no longer be suppiessed; and
whereas it concerns the peace and stability of the Federal
Union ayid Government that a division ot the States mto
mere siaveholdmg and non-sl.iveholding section*, causing
hitherto, and from the natuie and necessity of the case, in-
fiammatoiy and disastrous controversies upon the subject
of slavery, endingalready m presentdisruption ofthe Union,
should be foievci hereafter ignored ; and whereas this im-
portant end is best to be obtained by the recognition of othei
sections without legard to slavery, neither of which sec-
tions shall alone he stiong enough to oppiess or control the
other..-, and each bo vested with power to protect itself from
agressions: Therefore,
" licsohed by the Senate and House of lieprcsentatives of
the United Slutes of Jlmcricain Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses concurring.) That the following ar
tides be. and are hereby, proposed as ame-ihlmcnts to the
I Constitution of the United Stales, winch shall In* valid to all
j intents and pui poses as pait of said Constitution when rat- j
j ified by conventions in thiee fourths of the several State-." j
| Maik you—amendments to the Constitution of the
i United States;" one common Constitution, fonning one
common Union for all theSfates.
i j The following are the niatenal sections of the proposed
I amendments which were to be known as Articles XXII,
■; XIV, and XV of the present Constitution.
II "Article XIII.
It "Sec. 1. The United States are divided into four see-
I i lion**, as follows :
|' "The States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Ma^-
! sachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New
i i Joisey, and Pennsylvania, and all new States annexed and
.' admitted into the Union, oi formed or oreeted within the
jurisdiction of any of said States, or by the junction of two j
, ■ or moie ofthe same, oi ot pans thereof, oi out of terutory '
•' acquned noilh ot said States, shall constitute one section, ■
1 to be known as the Noith.
j; The States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wis- ,
I consin, Minnesota, Towa, and Kansas, and all new States ;
•i annexed arid admitted into the Union, or erected within
|t the juusdiction of any of said Slates, or by the junction of ;
'! two or more ofthe same, oi ol paits tnercof, or out of ter- (
i ritory now held or hereafter acquired north of latitude 36° i
30', and east of the crest of the Rocky mountains, shall con-
stitute another section, to be known as the West.
" The States of Oregon and California, and all ncwStates
annexed and admitted into the Union, or formed or erect-
ed within the jurisdiction of two or more of the same, or
of parts thereof, or out of territory now held or hereafter
acquired west of the crest of the Rocky mountains and of
the Rio Grande, shall constitute another section, to be
known as the Pacific.
" The States of Delaware, Maryland,Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky,
and Missouri, and all new States annexed and admitted
into the Union, or formed or erected within the juiisdtc-
tion of any of said States, or by the junction of two or more
of the same, or of parts thereof, or out of territory acquired
cast of the Rio Grande and south of latitude 36" 30', shall
constitute another section, to be known as the South.*
44 Sec. 2. On demand of one third of the Senators of any
one of the sections on any bill, Older, resolution, or vote, to
which the concurrence of the House of Representatives
may be necessary, except on a question ot adjournment, a
vote shall be had by sections, and a majority of the Senatois
from cach scction voting shall be necessary to the passage
of such bill, oider, or resolution, and to ihe validity of every
such vote.
"Sec. 3. Two of the electors for President and Vice
President shall be appointed by each State in such manner
as the Legislature thereof may direct, for the State at laige.
The other electors to which each State may be entitled
shall be chosen m the respective congressional distncts
into which the State may, at the regulardeccnmal period,
have been divided, by the electors of each district having
the qualifications requisite for electors ofthe most numer-
ous branch of the State Legislature. A majority of ail the
electors in cach of the four sections in this aiticle estab-
lished, shall be necessary to the choice of President and
Vice President; and the concurrence of a majority of the
States of each section shall be necessary to the choice of
President by the House ot llcpiesentatives, and of the Sen-
ators from eacli scction for the choice of Vice President by
the Senate, whenever the right of choice shall devolve upon
them respectively."
The section relating to secession is as follows :
"Article XTV.
" No State shall secede without the consent of the Legis-
latures of the States of the section to which the State piopos-
ing to secede belongs. The President shall have power to
adjust with seceding States ail questions arising by ica'-oii
of theirsecession j but the terms of a^justmentshall be sub-
mitted to the Congress for their approval before the same
shall be valid."
And this is the paragraph of the speech explaining it:
"Having thus,sir, guarded diligently the rights ofthe
several States and sections, and given to each section also
the power to protect itself inside of the Union fiom aggres-
sion, I propose next to limit and to regulate the alleged right
of secession, since this, lrom a dounant abstraction, has
now become a practical question of tremendous impoit. As
long, sir, as secession remained an untiied and only men-
aced experiment, that confidence, without which no Gov-
ernment can be stable or efficient, was not shaken, because
it was believed thatactual secession would never be tried;
or if tued, that it must speedily and inglonousiy tail. The
popular faith, cherished for years, has been that the Union
could not he dissolved. To that faith the Republican party
was indebted for its success in the late election; and we who
predicted its dissolution were smitten upon the cheek and
condemned to feed upon bread of nffliction*and water of
affliction, like the prophet whom Ahab hated. P>ut paitial
dissolution has already occuired. Secession has been Hied,
and has proven a speedy and teruble success. The ptiicu-
cability ot doing it and the way to do it, have both been
established. Sir, the experiment may leadily be u pcatcd.
Tt will be repeated. And i« it not madness ami lolly, then,
to call back, by adjustment, the States which have seceded,
or to hold back the States which are threatening to secede,
without providing some safeguard against the renewal oj this
most simple and disastrous experiment ? Can foreign nations
have any confidence hereafter m the stability of a Govern-
ment which may so readily, speedily, and quietly be dis-
solved ? Can we have, any confidence among omselves
i add now an extract from the same speech, (ofJFebtuaiy
•"30,1861,) explaining the general object of the pioposed
amendments:
u Born, sir, upon the soil of the United States ; ntiached
to my country lrom eailicst boyhood; loving and leveling
her, with some part, at least, of the spirit ot GteeU and
Roman patriotism ; between these two alternative- with
all mymind, with all my heart, with all mystrength of body
and of soul, living or dying, at home or m exile, i am tor
the Union winch made it what it is; and thereto) <■ I am also
for such terms of peace and adjustment as will maintain (hat
Union now and forever. Tins, then, is the question which
to-day 1 piopose to discuss :
" How shall the Union of these States be restonul and
pieserved?
u Devoted as I am to the Union, I have yet no eulogies
to pronounce upon it to-day. U needs none, Its highest
eulotry is the hi«fnrv of tins conntrv for the last seventy
yeais. The triumphs of war and the arts of peace, science,
civilization, wealth, population, commerce, trade, manu-
factures, literature, education, justice, tranquillity, security
to life, to person,to property, inateiial happiness, common
defense, national renown—all that is implied in the bless-
ings of iiheity—these, and more, have been it' timts- iiom
the beginning to this hour. Tlnsn have enslnsned it in the
heart-: of the people—and, befoin God, 3 believe they^vill
re--toie and pre,serve it- And to-day the} demand or u^,
their emba-^.idotsand representatives, to tell them bow this
great work i« to be accomplished."
And yet l'uithei, in a caul in the Enquirer, dated Febiu-
ary 14, 1861,1 said:
" Mv proposition looked solely to therestorahon and main-
tenance ofthe Union forever, by suggesling a mode of voting
in the United States Senate and the electoral college, by
which the causes which have led to ourpiesent iioubles
may in the futute be guarded against intkout accession and
