1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
, disimton/and also thn agitation of tho slavery question, as an
element in our national politics, be foiever hereafter arrest-
ed My object—the pole motive by which I have been
guided from the begin nine oftlu* most fatal revolution—is to
maintain the Vnwn and not destroy it."
Such was tin* proposition which I submitted just previ-
ous to the innuguiation of this mos-t unnatural and ruinous
civil war. and at a time when every patuot in tho land was
seeking diligently and sorrowfully for some mean" of oliier
by which to avert that most terrible scourco of nations. Mis-
reported by telegraph at first, it has been tho subject of most
persistent and malicious misrepresentation ov^r since. I
am not vain enough to expect to silence interested false-
hood now; no, not even to make it ashamed; but 1 do de-
sire that they who would know the truth, may lead and
judge for themselves.
C. L. VALLANDIGflAM.
CONSCRIPT ACT NEGRO SOLDIEftS.
Mr. ALLEN", of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, enfee-
bled as is my condition to-night, I have sought
the fioorforthe purpose of expressing such views
as I entertain, views which I believe to be the re-
flex of the great body of my constituents upon
the conscription bill, the negro enrolling bill, and
such other abominable bills which have passed
and are on their safe road to passage through this
House at the present .session, as 1 may think of
before J get through. [Laughter.] Nothing but u
sen.se of duty, under the circumstance* which now
surround me, could induce me to rail (he attention
of* the country to the gross and palpable violations
of the national Constitution, of State and indi-
vidual rights by usurped exercises of Federal and
congressional power. It was my intention to
commence my remarks by briefly reviewing the
conscription act, to which i havealreadyreferrcd,
the title of which is, "An act for enrolling ami
calling out ihe national forces, and for other pur-
poses." Put, Mr. Speaker, that lull of abom-
inations will never get back here, as 1 am just
informed. No, sir. At about the hour of two
o'clock lo-morr<>w morning the holy Sabbath will
be desecrated bv its passage in ihe higher branch
of the national Legislature, and f have not heard
any apprehensions expressed ih.it the President
will not sign it. [Laughter] And .still, Mi.
Speaker, I would like, it it were in older, to pay
a passing notice to the " conscript bill " befou: it
assumes the proportions and powers of a law.
[Laughter, j
A Mf.mblr. You have a wide margin. Go
on,and take your tune.
Mr. ALLKN, oflllinoi*. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I feel relieved, and shall take my time and look
in, and attempt to dissect for a while this "eon-
script bill." Tins act I regard as a ilagiant vio-
lation of tjie Federal Constitution, a destruction
of all State rights, and ruinous to the liberties of
the citizen. Not only this, it is impolitic, and
will deteat the etui sought to be attain* d by its en-
forcement And now, sir, to sustain what 1 have
just sua), I submit I'm public cnnsidc.ralitni, not to
a (let L a pi< judged < a«e in this 1 Louse, a tew mii>-
gestiouf! which, when I was moie of a ^tud'-nt
than 1 am now, I d i e w fi om t he Const u uti on and
histoi y ol our country. At the outset, all lemein-
ber who ever read as much as I did [laughtei j
that the States were sovereign and independent,
and existed b( fore tho Federal Government was
formed. What is now called the national oi Fed-
eral Government in populat phiaseology was, it
is tiue, cieated fust only by the otiginal thuteen
States; but the Fedeial Government has m v-t
created a State, has not the power to create one,
ami ihercfoio each new Suite which entered into
the Union subsequent to !'•< fmmation eame in on
terms of perfect (quality with the oiigmai States.
I am inclined to think, therefore, that it is a i esult
that the Union was created by tho States instead
of the States by the Union.
A Mkmbmi. Who demos this?
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. Your whole pol-
icy, yoiu piuniplesjif you have anv, your now
settled puiposetf, but too well deny it. l o', sir,
I was pioceeding with suggestions when iutet iopt-
ed, [laughtei,] and I will continue {'or a while
longer m that dnechon. It follows from the prop-
ositions 1 have laid dow n that the authority of the
Union is entnefy delegated, and cannot be exer-
cised except as ati agent undei powu of attorney,
which power is the Constitution of the United
States. 1 hope gentlemen on the other side of the
House will not become lesticbs because of my
reference to that hallowed instrument. In con-
firmation of tins I need but refer to articlc ten of
the amendments to the Constitution, in these
words. Mr. Speaker, is it in order to read from
the Constitution? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; any authority bear-
ing upon the question under debate may be read.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. Well, sir, 1 think
the authority I am now going to read bears heav-
ily upon it. [Laughter.] Here it is:
" The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the State*, aiy reserved
to the States, respectively, or to the people."
It will thus be seen that the Federal Govern-
ment has none but a delegated power derived from
sovereign communities. At the risk of wearying
the House, I will attempt to further illustrate the
correctness of this position.
The States, by the Constitution, entered into
a mutual agreement that they as States would not
" coin money, emit bills of credit, nor make any-
thing but gold and silver coin a tender in pay-
ment of debts." These are limitations on the power
of States, but not^grants of power to the Fed-
oral Government. 1 am not now discussing Mr.
Chase's scheme, Mr. Speaker. [Laughter.] There
is a clause of the Constitution which authorizes
Congiess to coin money, but no grant of power
in any part of it to determine what shall be a legal
fender. I am now talking about past legislation.
[Laughter.] It therefore follows that Congress
cannot in any case dictate what mdiwduals shall
accept as a legal tender, but it may receive any-
thing for dues to the Government; and it also fol-
lows, in my humble opinion, that the States can
make nothing but gold and silver a legal tender,
because of their voluntary agreement to that
effect.
A Member. Has not your State made Treas-
ury notes a legal tender, and required collectors
to receive them for taxes'1
Mr. ALLIEN, of Illinois. Yes, sir; I under-
stand they have passed a bill of that import; but
it was done because of the fact that the policy of
j this Administration has Chasc'd away from our
Slate all ihe gold and silver coin which thereto-
fore was in cii dilation, or di i\ en it into " hidden
places," so that it was not computable, and no
other means was left to pay taxes except to use
greenbacks. [Laughter, j
Mr. Sj leaker, i want to return, if gentlemen will
allow me, fiom the digression into which I have
been bettayed,and look a little fmther into the
oonsci iption bill.
In the fust place, I may remark that the pre-
amble to this lull contains many palpable errors.
It is therein stated that it is the duty of the Fed-
eial Goviinment to guaranty to each State a re-
publican (aim of government; and this has been
assigned as one of the leasons for the adoption of
so extiaoidnmi y a mcasuie. To guaranty a re-
publican form of government to a State neecssa-
ii!y implies its pievmi.s existence, and it means
to protet t that existence against extei nal foicc, as
an aid orally, but curio' mean to protect a State
against itself m such change in its foim of gov-
ernment as (he pi op 1 e Iheteof may desire.
Mr Speaker, u was a pleasurable idea which
1 seized upon ui youth, and ha\e never as yet
allowed to lea\e me—t do not know huw much
longer I may detain it—that a Republic necessa-
rily implies the consent of the people to their form
of government and the manner of its ad minis tra-
!j tion. So , c.oi uion against the will and consent
!j of the governid, 1 n< v< r dreamed of; but if my
!] attention had been challenged to such an idea I
would have «,uil, ''it has been the destruction
,j o[ all topubhes: it is a ''ontradiction and n sole-
! ctsm." I have been trying for the past five min-
; utes, in cuinn cuon with my review of the con-
!f sci ipt lull, to keep up the idea of State rights.
Air. Speaker, the Slates never uused this tall
' | Go\ eminent oak to situs sin ubs beneath its shade.
1 admit that Congress has power to raise and sup-
poi t armies, and, further, to piovide for calling
1 forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion. These
are two distinct giants ot power. To laise and
support aimies stLrnifh's the regular course of en-
listment. To call forth the militia is to demand of
the State authorities, and, under the express* pro-
visions of tiie Constitution, to leave them to se-
lect tin ii own officers. A reference to the debates
of ihe Convention which formed the Constitution
will verify the coi lecttless of the statement which
I hero make. Hut this conscription bill violates
every one of these constitutional provisions. It
sends Federal officers into every State, district,
and Territory, to enroll corps, arrest and imprison
the citizen at the will of the petty Government
officer, without reference to and in disregard of
State authority. In fact, Mr. Speaker, it amounts
to the establishmentof complete military despot-
ism throughout the land. The threats of courts-
martial trials and summary executions are held
interrorcm over the heads of the people. The im-
policy of the measure is no less palpable than its
unconstitutionality. Thousands of Federal hire-
lings will be scattered broadcast over the States,
drawing pay from the Government, and increas-
ing the necessity for still further burdening the
people with taxation. I fear (but I shall use all
my power to prevent it) that tumults and mobs
will prevail in all the loyal States.
Allow me, Mr. Speaker, to submit in all candor
a few considerations with reference to Illinois. As
to the effect of this bill upon other States and their
people I lay claim to no intelligence, but I do know
something about Illinois. I have been there since
I was nine months old. When Illinois has so pa-
triotic a Governor and so many patriots as I know
he has to uphold him, surely she ought to be al-
lowed to perform that service which it seems now
is to be taken from her by the Federal Govern-
ment. But, sir, it may be treason to talk in this
manner. I cannot help it; for if the Federal Gov-
ernment attempts to interfere with the law, the
Constitution, and her rights under the Union, m
carrying out the conscript bill, as I before said,
trouble may ensue. That, sir, is what I do not want.
It is what my constituents every morning pray
may notcomc upon them. They have had trouble
enough, sir. They are sick and tired of war. They
want peace, sir; peace, with all the States restored
to the Federal Union that ever have belonged to it.
Mr. Speaker, I have just said a word about
peace, and that reminds me of th-"- fact that an un-
known man (tailed me out a short time before I
got the lloor, and told me thatif 1 persisted in my
opposition to tho measuies of this Administration
—not to the Government, Mr. Speakei—I would
be visited, upon returning to my district, with the
execiations of Illinois soldieis; that a great reac-
tion has recently taken place on the part of Illi-
nois troops. Sit', 1 felt something like kicking
him out of my presence, but I was not strong
enough. [Laughter.] 1 know, sir, something
aboutllbnois troops, i have lost enough relatives
and those whoso blood has coursed my veins to
make me somewhat familiar with their senti-
ments. I leain from my association with and in-
formation fiom them that no such reaction has
as yet set in, nor is it likely to set in so long as
this Admimstiation continues its violations of the
Constitution and its liidifi'erence to individual
rights.
Now, this fellow—a friend desires me to call
him a man; well, I will call him a man, Mr.
Spc aker, out of compliment to a fiiend who has
made that request—also had the audacity to tell
me thatGeneral John A Logan was going, unless
there was a change of sentiment in southern Illi-
nois, to come up there from Memphis and clean
the Democrats out. I know General Logan well.
I knew him before he was either a member of
Congress, a colonel, or a biigadier general. He
was born, Mr. Speaker, upon the banks of Big
Muddy, Jackson county, Illinois; and 1 have
hvt d, as I before told you, m a con tig nous county,
Williamson, since 1 was nine months old. He
and I have been law paitneis for many years,
though I confess that tieithr r one of us has been
burdened with practice fin some tune past, [laugh-
ter;] but still, sir, the dissolution of the partner-
ship has not yet occurred. I make mention of
these things because of the daily chatges in the
Chicago T~i ibune, New Yoik Ti ibune, m the two 1
papeis edited by the Piesident's dog, Forney—I
mean the Chronicle in this city and ihe Pi ess at
! Philadelphia—that he was coming home at the
( head of ins army to clean us Democtots out: that
; lie had wiped his hands of Demon acy, and hence-
| forth would have nothing to do with their organ-
ization. Mr. Speaker, i cannot believe this. Ill
the first place, the evidence comes from a ques-
tionable source. [Laughter.] In the second place,
I happen to know, because perhaps of our per-
| sonai relations, that when tins war broke out he
was stronger against coercion than I was. Why,
sir, I had uouble in attempting to check his im-
petuous temperament. He was, as everybody
