L863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
individual against another; and if, upon the hear-
ing or trial of any such suit, it shall appear that
the United States are liable upon those drafts and
acceptances, the court is to give judgment against
the United States for the amount which shall be j
found due and owing to the holders of that paper; ;
and the amount of such judgment is to be paid to j
the plaintiff by the Secretary of the Treasury; and j
if it shall appear that the United States a're not i
liable upon those drafts and acceptances, the court
is to give judgment in their favor for costs, secu-
rity for the payment of which is to be given at the '
commencement of each of the suits; but either
party is to have the right to take a writ of error ;
from the circuit court, if the same be applied for, !
returnable to the session of the Supreme Court
next succeeding the circuit court at which such i
judgment shall have been rendered, and in default !
of which, such judgment is to be deemed final and j
conclusive between the parties. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I tlo not know that I shall [
oppose the passage of this joint resolution; but I I
think the Senate ought to understand what it is. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. What committee does it i
come from ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. From the Judiciary Com-
mittee; but I will state to the Senator from Maine
that 1 did not concur in reporting it. It is, how-
ever, reported from that committee, and called up
to-day by the Senator from New Hampshire, i
am certainly very much surprised that he should
be for opening the Treasury of the United States,
as this resolution does, to a judge, without coming
to Congress at all for an appropriation hereafter—
opening it directly, and that, too, in favor of the
Floyd acceptances. Thatdoes surprise me a little.
These Floyd acceptances were given to Russell, j
Majors & Waddell, who were contractors with j
the Government to furnish the Army supplies to j
our army in Utah some years ago. It is known i
that they drew acceptances upon the Government, j
or upon the Secretary of War, when they had not !
performed the services, and he accepted them to j
a very large amount; and now these parties come j
to Congress and ask to have their legal rights in- :
vestigated in the courts of the country. In case \
they obtain a judgment against the Government, j
the joint resolution provides that they are to walk J
right into the Treasury and take the money out >
without coming to Congress at all. After the j
speeches we have had from the Senator from New ;
Hampshire, it is most extraordinary that he should ■
advocate such a proposition. 1
There is one expression in the joint resolution l
that I do not like. I do not like it to carry with '
it any admissions. That part of the joint reso- j
lution to which I take exception reads in these j
words: j
That the ptesent owners and holders of anv drafts, j
order?, or bills of exchange, drawn by Russell, Majois & ;
Waddell, contractors with the. Government for supplies- and !
transportation, and unconditionally accepted by John B. {
Floyd, late Secretary of War, are hereby authorized to bting !
their several actions against the United States. I
I would prefer that these admissions should not j
be in the resolution, " unconditionally accepted |
by John B. Floyd." Let the resolution state, if j
it is to pass at all, that persons ** claiming to hold j
drafts, orders, or bills of exchange, duiwn and j
accepted," shall have a right to bring suit; but I
do not admit, as the resolution now does, that i
they were " unconditionally accepted." Let the |
court determine whether they have been accepted |
at all or not, and whether these men are contract- j
ors with the Government or not. « .
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Suppose ::
they aie not contractors; how then?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I would not make I
any admissions about it, one way or the other. '
If it is thought best on the part of the Senate to
allow these parties to bring suits against the Gov- ;
eminent to test their legal rights, let them make .
out their case; just authorize the persons claiming ;
to hold this class of indebtedness to bring suits 1
against the Government; and let the court determ-
ine whether they have been accepted at ail. This ;
would dispense with any proof of their acceptance ;
by John b. Floyd.'" The resolution now admits |
that they were 14 unconditionally accepted" by I
him. 1 merely wish to call the attention of the t
Senate to the resolution, that they may know what !
it is we are about passing upon. ■
Mr. HALE. 1 have not tnc slightest objection I
to the amendment suggested by the .Senator from ■
Illinois; and I will move to amend the resolution
so as to read:
That perron? claiming to be the present owners and hoid-
ers of any draft*. &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Now, Mr. President, let me say a
single word in regard to the character of these pa-
pers, Thesegentlemcn were, some of them, mer-
chants of Boston and other parts of the country,
doing business in the regular mercantile course.
They found drafts unconditionally accepted by
the Secretary of War, and upon them they have
bona fide paid their money to the full extent of
those drafts. They have been before Congress for
'some tune; and all m the world they ask is a right
to test the legality of their claim before the Su-
preme Court of the United States. That is all.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to make an inquiry ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL. It is this: whether he does
not understand that these parties have that remedy
amply provided by the bill passed by the Senate
the other day? If I recollect that bill aright, it
provides that on ail claims arising out of contracts
the party shall have a right to refer his claim to
the Court of Claims, and thence by appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States. Now, my
inquiry of the Senator is, whether that remedy is
not as ample as the one proposed by this resolu-
tion ?
Mr. HALE. Perhaps it would be if that b:^l
had become a law, or was likely to do so; but it
is sufficient to say there is no such law now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not? Can they not
go before the piesent Court of Claims?
Mr. HALE. That would give them no right
of appeal to the Supreme Couit; and there is the
same objection to that that my friend from Illinois
mentioned the other day, that, when they have
got through the Court of Claims they have got
nothing. But will this Government take the po-
sitiun,that upon a contract for supplies furnished
to our Army, where gentlemen have advanced their
money on the faith of a contract signed by one of
the highest officers of the Government, it will
neither pay them nor let them go to the legally
constituted tribunals to test their legal rights?
That is all they ask.
Mr. MORRILL. My inquiry of the honorable
Senator is, whether the Senate, having provided
one remedy, it should undertake to pass another ? j
Whether the House of Representatives has con- 1
curred in it or not, dons not change the matter. !
Mr. lLVRLAN. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the case, it can be stated m two or three i
sentences. The Quartermaster General entered '
into a contract with Russell, Majors & Waddell
to transport Government stores for the supply of
the Aimy. Before these contractors ever per-
formed the service, and before they were able to
come to the accounting officers of the Government
with their vouchers, they drew on the Secretary
of War for the money, and he honored the draft
by writing his name across those vouchers. They
ought to have first performed the service and come
to the accounting officers of the Government with
their vouchers, and then the proper officer of the
Government would have made his requisition on
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the money
would have been drawn through the officers of
the Government. The woik had never been per-
formed; the vouchers had never been presented; I
but on the supposition that they would perform the !
work, these drafts were drawn, entirely outside j
of the proscribed routine of the regular mode of1
drawing money from the Treasury by the quar- j
termaster's department, entirely outside of the law, 1
entirely outside of the legulations of the Depart- '
ment. j
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator a j
question. j
Mr. HARLAN. I shall be through in a mo- j
ment. !
Mr. HOWARD. I only wish to ask whether
it was not provided by the very terms of the con-
tract that the service should be rendered before
the payment was demanded? I will ask the Sen-
ator, if he has seen the contract, whether that is
not the piovision of the contract ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not remember to have
seen the contract; but it would be a singular con-
tract that would require the money to he paid in
advance of the performance of the work.
Mr. HOWARD. If that wa&acondition pre-
cedent, it is perfectly evideht%that Hheylmtl ^nt>
right- to accept the drafts, and' the contracted
would be chargeable for any defect of authority,
and would have no claim in law drin equity agaialt
the Government. - * " v
Mr. IIARLAN. In addition to-these'.
which have been already" elicited, these contract"
ors have been paid every dollar due them for 'the
work that they performed. Althougivthoy dre#
these drafts on the Secretary, which hetionored,
and sold them in the market, they came, to jtlfe
Treasury and drew the money for ever^ dollar^
worth of work that had been performedbytiiertt.
They cannot now come to the Treasury and draw
the money on these drafts, because the money lias
already been paid to the contractors in a legiti-
mate way.
That is the whole case, and I shall not soil my
hands by voting for any such resolution'as this.
Nothing that has ever been presented to a legis-
lative body could be more rotten. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very unwill-
ing by any hasty action here to do injustice to
innocent parties; and although I did not agree to
this joint resolution, I think these parties should
have a right to test the legal obligation of the Gov-
ernment to pay these acceptances. I think they
can do it in the Court of Claims, and it was be-
cause I thought they ought to go to the Court of
Claims that I did not agree to the reporting of this
joint resolution. Th£ facts about the case are
something like these:
It seems that, although there is no warrant of
law for it, a practice has prevailed to some extent
in more than one Department of the (Government
to make acceptances of this character. Thcreare
great undertakings entered into by parties for the
Government, requiring large sums of money to
carry them into execution; and more than one
Department of the. Government, without any au-
thority of law, and very improperly, in my judg-
ment, has accepted drafts drawn in this way-
anticipating that the work would be performed—
before the accounts were settled ana before the
work had been entirely performed; and they have
been paid. These drafts heretofore have been paid
in the due settlement ofaccounts between the con-
tractors and the Government. This had been
done in the War Department in numerous in-
stances; and when these acceptances—thepartic-
nhu ones now in question—went upon the market
in the cities of New York and Boston and else-
where, parties, before purchasing them, came to
Washington and inquired whether this was right,
whether they would be paid. They applied to the
President of the United States, Mr. Buchanan at
tht.i time, and the Secretary of War; and they
were assured by the Secretary of War that these
would be paid as others had been paid. Some of
the parties who hold tliese acceptances had pur-
chased similar acceptances of these same parties,
and had them duly paid; and they doubtless were
innocent purchasers. They brought very nearly
their face in the m.nket. The margin was very
small. Only the legitimate rate of interest was re-
ceived by the parties purchasing these acceptances.
I think the Secretary of War had no right to
make the acceptances; but there is some differ-
ence of opinion about that. The practice having
prevailed for a series of years to some extent,and
the drafts having been paid, these parties claim
to be innocent purchasers; and doubtless they are.
They came here and sought from the Government
infoimation before they made the purchase, to
know whether they might safely make the ad-
vances on them or not. Now, 1 think, as what
they ask is simply to have that legal question
tested—J have given my opinionuponit—it would
be proper to allow them to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask ,
whether it has been the practice of any of tlie
Departments to make acceptances and let those
acceptances go out of the Department for circu-
lation. I understand that is not so. Officers at
a distance, to avoid expense, have been allowed
to diaw upon the Department, and when the drafts
came to the Department they would be accepted
and paid; for instance, they would be accepted
by the Secretary of War, and sent immediately
to the officer and paid; but I do not understand
that it has ever been the practice to accept.them
without funds, nnd let the acceptances go oi * o
be negotiated in the market.
