1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
146$
in my district knows—including General Hay-
me, Major Reese, Captain Strickland, Captain
Rhoaik, and a score of others that i have not time
to mention—disposed to denounce Judge Doug-
las, and did denounce him, for his Indianapolis
and Springfield speeches. He luis always been,
as I understand, for the Union and the Constitu-
tion, and against secession, as I am to-night. He
lias distinguished himself on every battle-field
whereon his sword could be drawn. I instance,
Mr. Speaker, Belmont, Port Donelson, and all the
skirmishing from the date last mentioned.
Mr. Speaker, I do not want these gentlemen on
my right—it would he more apropos to say on the
wrong—totakecompletechargeofGeneral Logan,
until I have ample evidence that he has surren-
dered himself to them. I shall not believe it, in
view of his heietofore unsurpassed coinage, gal-
lantry, and known Democracy, till I ^et better
evidence than has yet reached me. I thought, in
our friendly conversations, that I had convinced
him of the. incorrectness of his views, and of the
correctnessofmine; butlam afraid, Mr. Speaker,
1 brought him over a little too far. If I accom-
plished more than I contemplated, I ask to be
excused. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, General Logan has hereto-
fore been a pet of the Democracy in my district.
He has been a pet of mine, Mr. Speaker; he has
reaped from Democratic confidence as large a re-
ward as any one has hitherto m that district, and
justice to him requires me to say that heretofore
he was most worthy of the confidence of the De-
mocracy. I cannot believe that he will prove false
to the confidence that has been so generously re-
posed in him by that party; a party so'often ma-
ligned upon this lloor; a party which we are told
is doomed and damned by sentiment: and toshow
the falsity of such a statement, allow me to refer
to the evidence which they adduce, namely, the
sentiment of the Army. I have said enough about
this before, Mr. Speaker, but I must be allowed
to say a word more upon that point.
The army from southern Illinois, and I believe
from the entire State, went forth to fight for the
Union and the Constitution, not to interfere with
the domestic institutions of any State. To fight
for the stars and stupes until the last drop of
blood which accompanied them may be spilled.
They did not think this was a war for the aboli-
tion of slavery, atleastdown in my country. You
know, Mr. Speaker, it is understood that they are
not educated in Egypt, and how could they under-
stand without being educated 5 They did not un-
derstand when they enlisted that they were going;
to fight to free the negroes—that was no part of
the plan—did not enter into the contract by any
manner of means. The contract was to fijjht for
and stand by the Constitution and the Union,
the reserved lights of white m$n, and for thcue
purposes only. If they had been as Miarp as
some men living faithcr north and east, thov
would doubtless have known bottei; but iiv mg as
they did in Egypt, they thought that men iiK-ant
something by what they said. That is the way,
Mr. Speaker, we have of thinking m southern
Illinois, and it has obtained for a great while in
that region. But it turns out in these days, these
degenerate days, words are not by any means
the exponents of ideas.
There is another matter, Mr. Speaker, to which
I wish to call the attention of the country; that of
arrests. I have not alluded to this subject here-
tofore upon this floor, and fear I ha\« done in-
justice to some of the dearest friends 1 have upon
earth because of not having mentioned it prior to
this time. My excuse to those friends is the part
I took in assenting to theii arrests. If 1 had not
assented to that, to those arrests, mob law might
have prevailed. Williamson county was Lhieat-
ened with tumult; the judge was taken from the
bench while in the performance of his constitu-
tional duties: the prosecuting attorney was per-
forming Ins dunes wlum thev were severally sum-
moned to be under surveillance. But, s'r, my
contempt for a Government that would so act shall
not he constrained; let the thinggo out,and with
 t some ideas of right. Now, sir, I want to say,
once for all, that D. L. Phillips, while he is mar-
shal for southern Illinois, is not controller of the
people theiein residing, or has not been heretofore.
He 'is a man of propeity, sir. He lives at the cap-
ita! of the State, sir; and if I could get a judgment
ooainst him T could collect it. sir; a thing that
might not be practicable with reference to those
outside of the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
I do not want to sue anybody; but it would
be well for some of those poor men to whom 1
have heretofore referred, who have been dragged
fiom their families, to commence suits against
Phillips, who is responsible, as I understand,for
all unlawful arrests in Illinois. A little officer by
the name of Scott camc up to my town (Marion)
to arrest the judge and prosecuting attorney of
my circuit, (twenty-sixth judicial, Illinois;) he
succeeded, because he claimed to be. clothed with
governmental authority. We are law-abiding peo-
ple, Mr. Speaker, but our endurance may be ex-
hausted.
1 want to get back to the conscription bill, be-
cause of the margin I have been told that I am
entitled to, only for the purpose of telling those
who seek to interfere with State laws State rights
do not interfere under any circumstances with the
privileged rights of freemen. I want to submit in
all candor a few considerations for the country's
benefit. If you attempt to interfere with the rights
of freemen, you will meet with resistance. That
is what you do not want, as I hope; or, at least,
what you ought not to want. It might produce
bloodier scenes than we have as yet been called
upon to mourn over. I return to the conscrip-
tion. [Laughter.]
Whete i^ to be found the evidence of the abil-
ity of the Government to rectify its abuses ? May
I be allowed to ask a question, what good has
been accomplished by this war? Is the Union
nearer to restoration? Are we approximating
more closely to the putting down of rebels than
we were eighteen months since? I am afiuidthe
Union has not returned, that the icbtllion is not
suppressed. I know it is true that many and rich
favorites have receiyed lucrative contracts fiom
the Federal Government. But, Mr Speaker,
there are some of us who will not be appalled by
presidential intei position.
Well, sir, ihe hour is approaching; when I will
be compelled to stop, I ought not to be stopped
when making so good a speech. I have not time
to give moie attention to piesidential interposi-
tion ; and therefore I shall allude, m the little time
left me, to the venality of this Congress and the
recklessness of its legislation. I will have to talk
a hale about financial matters, even about Mr.
Chas*- 's new financial scheme, because i am told
and believe that it is designed to invest him with
unlimited authority to redeem irredeemable, in-
convertible governmental issues. What, then,
is the spectacle that our unfortunate country pre-
sents m this crisis, governed alone by military
power, burdened with intolerable taxation, ami a j
debt so enormous that will amount to more than
all of out iceeipts fiom cusioms?
It may with* propriety be af-ked, what I pro-
posed? I have no hesitation in regard to this re-
sponse. Bring back the Government to its con-
stitutional limits; worship not the black man but
pay respect to ihe white ruan; act in the spirit of
kindness and conciliation; for if we do not this,
what the enemies of the Union, South as welias
North, will present to us as the next best thing
we can adopt—a division. I am opposed to a di-
vision, Mr. Speaker; 1 cannot help opposing a di-
vision, Mr. Speaker; but by oppor<m£ it, it is not
my purpose to censuie any particular locality,
person or interest; but it is my duty to oppose
(and, if I h?«d the powt r. to expose) giave con-
srimtionni errors, flagrant outiagis against the
rights of the people.
Mr. Speaker, my nme is about expiiing; but let
me say, if I have time in which to say it, that this
conscript bill will injure i he Govern menunoi e than
it will benefit it; that the- ev< ly act of tins A timing
istration has weakened instead of strengthened it ;
that I, the Egyptian member, have called or at-
tempted to call the attention of the Government
to these important facts, but my calls have not
been heeded.
Well, sir, I stop here with the hope that I have
done some good to-night at the expense of heavy
diafts upon my physical condition, and large de-
mands upon the patience of the House. I rcgiet,
sir, that tluringthis session of Congress my labors
in behalf of an honest, patriotic constituency have
proved unavailing: but 1 return to my honic with
an unfaltering trust m the wisdom of w Him who
daeth all things well," that our beloved country j
shall soon be freer] from the dissensions that now i
embroil her in a suicidal war; and with a determ-
ination to fight anew the battle for the " Union
and the Constitution."
NEW ENGLAND AND THE UNION.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, the most careless observer of the signs of the
times will not have failed to notice the attacks^,
frequent, persistent, ubiquitous, upon the history A
character, and policy of New England. The)
evidence of union and concert in these attacks is'*
plain; and what is very significant, the concert in-|
eludes the politicians and presses of the States in
arms against us. The aim and purpose of these
attacks are palpable. They are not for counsel,
rebuke, chastening. To these we might give heed
for possible good. The obvious purpose of this
war of words is to create a feeling of bitter hos-
tility to New England in the western and middle
States—the traitors in arms against the Union hate
her now with sufficient intensity—to force the con-
viction upon those States, that the character and
policy of New England are such that the good
will and harmony of the country cannot be main-
tained while she forms part of the Union, and to
bring about a reconstruction on the basis of the
confederate government—slavery for its corner-
stone, and New England left out in the cold.
The element of the New England character and
policy which, it is averred, makes union with her
intolerable and impracticable, is her Puritanism.
In an age of discoveries, thatdiscovery is the most
remarkable. After Puritanism has been upon the
conunenttwo centuries and a half building up free
institutions; after union with it for three genera-
tions, its light following the light of the sun, and
kindling the western horizon with new glory; after
havingsufferedand toiled with it,and beeninspired
by it through the Revolution; after having enjoyed
with it, or in spite of it, for seventy-four years the
freest and most beneficent Government the divine
Ruler ever permitted to man, the country learns
with surprise it has all the while been under the
saddest of delusions; that what it had fondly be-
lieved a " spirit of health " was, in truth, a " gob-
1 in damned;'' that New England was a diseased
limb of our body-politic that must be severed or
the whole body perish.
With scarcely less surprise, if at a time like this
we havea light to be surprised, at anything, do w'e
observe by whom these assaults upon New Eng-
land are made. By those who claim to be the espe-
cial friends of the democratic institutions which
Puritan hands planted and Puritan tears watered
in the wilderness of the New World. By theespe-
cial friends of personal liberty, of which, under
the Tudors and Stuarts, the Puiitans were the
depositaries, and of which, from that day to this,
they have been the vigilantand zealous defenders.
By the especial friends of the Union, which germ-
inated on the New England soil, and of which the
humble confederation of the New England col-
onies was the forerunner and the prophecy. By
the especial friends of the Constitution which, in
the hour of its past perils, has found in New Eng-
land statesmen some of its firmest bulwarks, and
in the greatest of them all its great defender.
With Virginia, who, by her resolutions of 1798,
inserted the wedge which from that day she has
driven deeper and nearer to the heart of the Union;
with South Carolina, which, more than thirty years
ago, set up the standard of revolt, and has been
laboung for a generation with persistent malig-
nity and folly to destroy the Government she had
felt only in irs blessings: with the Gulf States* who
are seeking by a rebellion, remorseless and bloody,
to plunge themselves and the country into the gulf
of woe and perdition; with these union is possible
and desirable, but not with the Puritans of New
England.
Leave them to perish on their granite, ice-bound
peaks! Theirs is a restless spirit, the very genius
of discontent. They disturbed the repose of the
Tudots; they reformed the Reformation; they
took from one Stuart his head, and fiom another
his throne; they secured Magna Chaita; they
gave to civil liberty the Petition of Rights; they
left meiry England in the hey-day of its material
prosperity, where, could they ha\e appreciated
the tranquillity of despotism, they might have
laughed and grown fat; they left the homes of
childhood, the graves of fathers, and faced ocean,
wilderness, want, the savage foe, merely to pray
as the Spirit taught them to pray. Simple men,
