1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
they might have worshiped God in solemn tem-
Eles, in cathedral aisles, the eye ravished with
eauty and the ear with music. They sought
  rather the rude log-house in the forest or the tem-
ple not made with hands, preferring to royal favor
the favor of the King of kings. They planted their
humble commonwealths upon a sterile soil, and
in an inhospitable climate. Their institutions
were laid on the rough granite of English liberty.
Instead of seeking to bask in royal sunshine they
stood out in the cold, and contrived to bar their
doors not only against intruders, but against the
king. Loyal to the Crown when the Crown let them
alone, they maintained from the beginning a sub-
stantial, sturdy independence. When separation
camc,itis among the most striking things in his-
tory to observe how slight changes in the frame-
work ofgovorument were necessary. For ninety
years, Mr. Speaker, their destinies have been
blended with those of the other colonies. From
many States sprung up one nation. To-day New
England finds upon her soil more than three mil-
lion free, intelligent, happy people. A nation of
living men born upon that soil have their homes
in the other States. One third of the population
of the United States is of New England descent,
its ancestral graves and memories with us.
The Puritans have borne with them toward the
Betting sun the institutions, the manners, the cul-
ture ofNew England; the meeting-house, the town-
house, the common school, the college, the village
library. They were not without the weaknesses
and follies of their time—follies their own—but in
spite of these, and over and above these, they had
the elements of character which fit men to be the
founders of empire—conditores imperiorum—firm-
ness, courage, prophctic sagacity, serene, unfal-
tering trust hi God. And tlioy were the founders
of an empire as beneficent as glorious; let us pray
the infinite Lawgiver, an enduring empire.
But I forgot, Mr. Speaker, wise mm have dis-
covered not only that the sun has spots, but that
it is the spots that make up the sun, and that
niter all there' is no light or life or healing in his
beams; that the clothes are more than the man,
the outward more than the inward, the accidental
and temporary more than the vital and permanent.
The history of three centuries is to be rewritten,
the judgment of the civilized woild to be reversed,
the house of Stuart to be recanonized, the locks
ofthe Cavalier to be recalled, and the Roundhead
again set upon the stocks for the rabble to pelt.
The tank js formidable; hut as wit has-akeen edge,
and error and calumny are swift of foot, it may he
well to notice briefly some of the items of the great
debt we owe to the Puritans and their descend-
ants, and some of the grounds of attack.
The debt which personal liberty owes to the
Puritans ran scarcely he overestimated. By lib-
erty, I mean no philosophical abstractions, no
platitudes of French philosophy, but piactieal,
personal freedom, intrenched in and defined and
upheld by soveieign iaw, the sense and light of
seeuntywhie.il makes a man's house his castle
and his person sacred; a man's right to life, piop-
erty, the use of his brain and of his bps withm
the pale of the law, and unless deprived oflhem
by due process of law; the right without which
all the forms and machinery of free government
are a mockery, delusion, and fraud. It is to the
Pm itanx of ihe t ime of Charles I we owe the great
Petition of lliiiht, whose lofty yetrminenfly prac-
tical ideas of libei ty our tinus do not leach.
Let me ask the Clerk to read the passages I have
mai keel. Observe, Mr. Speaker, how histm y re-
peats itself. "I praised the dead which aie al-
ready dead more than the living which are vet
ahw."
U'lim-iH. aI>o. by the statute called the Gieat Charter
ol the Ii!>.'rti'—1 M iiid, it i> decluied and en.(eted thai |
no h e<-man m.i\ !)c UiL< n oi unpt i-nned, oi In- di---'i/.rd <>l 1
111 - ii-eeiioid 111 lihertie-. or Jus free customs. oi be outlawed
oj ( v-iied, or hi am mamiei destroyed but bv the iawlitl
ju.U'im lit ol Inv p< ci-. oi th«-iaw ut the laud.
• \iui in ihe nj'ht and twentieth yeai ot theietjrn nfKimr
F.dwirri til it wa- d'-ciaied and enacted by authoiity of
Parliament that no man. of u hat e-ute ot condition that
he be, -hould be putout ot lu> l.uidoi tenement,not taken,
nor itupii-oiied. noi dt-inliciited. noi put to death without
b'.Mig bioiuiht to ,Ub\vei b\ due pioeo* of law .
-•X' Wfthe](he tenor ot tlie siid .-t.itand
olhe> the l'ooiJ law-, and statutes of youi irahn to that end
juovidcd. divej- of your MibjecN have of late been impris-
on".! without ativ cau^e showed; ami when lor liioir de-
li v< laiif e thc\ eie brought tie tort justice In youi Majesty's
Wilts of halca\ corpus, tneie to undergo and receive a> the i
ootat should order and Ihe'u keeper commanded to eeitity |
thu«au&ei> oi thur dctamoi, no oau&e was cet lifted but That i
they were detained by your Majesty's special command,
signified by the lords of your Privy Council, and yet were
returned back to several prisons, without being charged
with anything to which they might make answer according
to the law.
"And whereas, also, by the said Great Charter, and otlier
of the laws and statutes of this your realm, no man ought to
be adjudged to death but by the laws established in this
your realm, either by the customs of the same realm, or by
aetis of Parliament; and whereas no offender, of what kind
?oever, is exempted from the proceedings to he used and
punishments to be inflicted by the laws and statutes of this
your realm; nevertheless, of late time, divers commissions,
under your Majesty's great seal, have Mued forth, by which
certain persons have been assigned and appointed commis-
sioners, with power and authority to piocecd within the
land, according to the justice of martial law against such
soldiers or marines, or other dissolute persons joining with
them, as should commit any murder, robbery, felony, mu-
tiny, or other outrage or misdemeanoi whatever, and by
hucIi summary course and order as is agreeable to martial
Jaw, and as i<* ined in armies in time of war, to proceed to
the trial and condemnation of such offenders, and them to
cause to be executed arid put to death accouhng to the
law martial.
" By pretext whereof, some of your Majesty's, subjects
have been, by some of the said commissioners, put to death,
when and wheie, if by the laws and statutes ofthe land they
had deserved death, by the same laics and statutes also they
mis;ht, and by no other ought} to have been judged and exe-
cuted."
You will not fail to observe, Mr. Speaker, that
there is no complaint that the writs of habeas cor-
pus were not issued. They were issued, and the
subjects brought before justice, and the keepers
commanded to certify the cause of their detainer.
The ground of complaint is, that no cause was cer-
tified, but that the subjects were detained by his
Majesty's special command, and were returned to
prison without being charged with anything to which
they might make answer according to the law. The
privilege of the writ was suspended. This is all
that can be done,under the Constitution,by Con-
gress or the Executive.
Again: observe the lofty moral ground a Puri-
tan Parliumentasaumes. 11 concedes that the per-
sons against whom the "justice of martial law"
has been used might bo "dissolute and such as
should commit murder, robbery, felony, mutiny,
and other outrages and misdemeanors," but it
never occurred to the authors of this petition that
men charged with these crimes " had no rights."
They knew, as we know, that when men were
the objects of hatred orsuspicion, it was then, and
chieily then, they needed the shield and protec-
tion of .standing laws.
The Puritan Parliament goes on to pray (de-
mand) that the commission for proceeding by
martial law may be revoked, and that thereafter
no commissions of a like nature may issue. To
which, in full Parliament, the king answered,
" Soil dxnt comme il est desiree."
1 regret my time will not permitus to hcarevery
word of this gospel of personal liberty. If the
Puiitans had given us nothing more our debt of
gratitude could never be paid. Thy writ of habeas
corpus of Charles IJ did not enlarge these liberties.
It was remedial only. As such it was highly ben-
eficial; but tt conferred no new right. Its office,
says I Lai lam, was to cut off the abuses by which
the Government's lust of power and the servile
subtilty of Crown lawyers had impaired so funda-
mental a privilege.
If we cross the ocean with the Pilgrims we shall
find them not only affirming but Kti engthening the
muniments of personal liberty. Goodly proof of
this may be found in the " llody of Liberties"
enacted by the colony of Massachusetts in 1G41.
1 hope I shall be pardoned for taking Massachu-
setts, the mother colony, as an illustration. Let
me, ]\Ir. Speaker, have two or three of these Lib-
ei ties read, to show their general temper and spirit,
and how grossly the colonists have been misun-
derstood:
"The fiec fuution of such liberties, immunities, ami
fPhvilcyie, us huiiKimtj . civility, and Ohn-tiamty < ail tor as
due to e\ety in.ni in ln> place and proportion, without im-
peachment and lnluncreinent. hath ever been and ever will
be the tranquillity and stability of churches and common-
weal! I in ; and the denial ordopuval thereof, the du-tuibailee, '
if not the rihi), ot both '* !
In God's name, amen ! |
No snnii^ life t-bull be taken away : no man's honor ot i
good nanus -halt be rained; no man's pei^on .shall be ar- j
repi"d, re-tt.uncd, banished, dismembered, nor anyways \
punched; no man fluill be deprivr d of In.- wife oi elnkhen; j
no man'- trmuK or estate t-hall be taken awa\ from him,nor l
anyway endangi'icd, under color oflaw oi countenance of j
authoutj , unless it be liy virtue oi equity ot some express |
law of the couativ wauantm^ the ^ame, established by a j
General Court and >utTiciently published, or, m ea«e ot the j
defect of a law m any paitieuiar case, bv the Word of God. j
And m capital cat-es, oi in ca^en concerning dismembering i
or banishment, according to that Woid to be judged by the
General Couit."
The essence of Magna Charta.
" Every man, whether inhabitant or foreigner, free or not
free, shall have liberty to come to any public court, coun-
cil, or town meeting, and, either by speech or writing, to
move any lawful, seasonable, and material question, or to
present any nccedsary motion, complaint, petition, bill, or
information whereof that meeting hath proper cognizance,
so it be done in convenient time, due order, and respective
[respectful] manner."
Was ever the right of petition made so prac-
tical and effective ?
" No man's person shall bo restrained or imprisoned by
any authority whatsoever before the law hath sentenced
Inm thereto, if he can put in sufficient security, bail, or
mainprise for his appcaiance, and good behavior in the
meantime, unless it be in crimes capital, and contempts in
open court, and in such cases where some express act of
court doth allow it."
"Everyman that is to answer for any criminal cause,
whether he be in prison or under bail, his cause shall be
heard and determined at the next court that hath proper cog-
nizance thereof, and may be done without prejudice of jus-
tice.1'
"No church censure shall degrade or depose any man
fiom any civil digmtv, otlice, or authority he shall have in
the Commonwealth."
" We likewise give full power and liberty to any person
that shall at any time be denied or deprived of any of these
libeities to commence and piosecute their suit,complaint,
oi action against every man that shall so do, in any court
that hath proper cognizance or judicature thereof."
These h am ble colonists comprehended that there
could be no justice which was not remedial, or
where the way to redress was blocked at every
step.
Now, I do not contend, Mr. Speaker, that the
founders of New England were always true to
their own professions, always realized their own
ideal. Far from it; they had not only the in-
firmities of the race, but the superstitions and
weaknesses of that time—a time when the powers
of light were in struggle with those of darkness,
and held divided empire. This I claim for them,
that they apprehended the dawning light, and
wove its golden threads into the texture of their
political fabric. Theirs was the toil of the dis-
taff—ours the robe of light.
" He to their faults a little blind;
He to their virtues very kind."
The founders and four generations of their
descendants have passed away. Massachusetts
having renounced her allegiance to the British
Crown, and in the midst of a terrible struggle to
make good the declaration, repairs the frame-
work of her government. The people will have
n broad, compiehensive declaration of rights pre-
cede the first grant of power. Opening with the
averment that all men are born free and equal,
with the recognition of their duty to worship God
and of the right to worship Him according to the
dictates of conscience, that government is insti-
tuted for the people, and all its just powers derived
from them. This declaration proceeds to define
and secure the rights of personal liberty. The
constitution makes it the duty of the public ser-
vants of Massachusetts frequently to recur to
and faithfully to observe them. At the risk of
wearying your paticncc, I will recur to and have
read a few of the most important. They are the
great landmarks of history. Let us pray the time
may not come when they serve only as monu-
ments and memorials of a better age.
Each individual of the society has a right to be
protected by it in the enjoyment of his life, liberty,
and property, according to the standing laws.
u Kveiy subject of the Commonwealth ouL'ht to find a
certain remedy, by h.ivinp recourse to the lawts, for all in-
juries or wrongs winch he may receive m his person, prop-
erty, oi character."
"No per-ou f-hall be aricsted, inipzWoned, oi despoiled,
or deprived of his pioperty, immunities, or privileges, put
out of the piotection ot thy law, exiled, or deprived of his
hie, hheity, or estate, but by the judgment of his peers or
the law ot the land."
Every person has a right to be secure from all
unreasonable searches and seizures of his person,
his houses, his papers, and all his possessions. All
warrants, therefore, are contrary to this right if
the cause or foundation of them be not previously
supported by oath or affirmation.
k* The lihetty of the pre^s ^ e^enlial to security of free-
dom in a t^tate ; it ought not, therefore, to be restiained in
this Commonwealth 5;
" The military power shall always be held in exact subor-
dination to the civil authority, and be governed by it."
The power of suspending the laws, or the exe-
cution of the laws, ought not to be exercised but
by the Legislature, or by authority derived from
it, to be exercised in such particular cases only
as the Legislature shall expressly provide for.
