1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
No person can, in any case, be subject to law-
martial, or to any penalties or pains by virtue of that
law, except those engaged in the At my or Navy,
and except the militiam actual service, butby att-
thority of the Legislature.
Mr. Speaker, these principles have been in-
stilled into me from childhood. I dranfc them in
with my mother's milk. They come tome crowned
with precious ancestral memories. They are
bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh, of the very
warp and woof of my being. They define for me
the word liberty, the bright particular jewel of
which the forms of free government are but the
setting. I can understand the change in the set-
ting, I cannot undei stand the crushing of the jewel.
Th esc principles have been my counselors here;
I have walked in theit path; 1 have been guided
by their light. My sense of what fidelity required
has compelled me to dissent from some of the
measures of the Administration; nay, more, earn-
estly to oppose them. I have regretted the occa-
sion, but have had no question as to my duty;
and, without a shadow of fear or distrust, I abide
—the hour of excitement and passion past—the
sober judgment of my dear old Commonwealth,
God bless her, whether she condemn or uphold.
To icturn. When eight years later the question
as to the adoption of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Statps was presented to the people of Mas-
sachusetts, they objected that no bill of rights was
made part of the nation's supremo law. They
led the way in the adoption of the amendments
which mafic up our national Magna Charta. Ar-
ticles two, three, six, seven, and ten aie from the
Massachusetts bill of rights Articles one, four,
five, and eight aie found m our bill of rights, but
were substantially taken from the declaration of
rights of Virginia in 1776.
These facts show the traditional, settled policy
of Massachusetts. Her personal liberty bills had
their origin in this her lifelong devotion to this
policy; in the desire of her people to give to the
humblest man on her soil, to the fugitive from
bondage, the presumptions of the common law
and habeas corpus and trial by jury. I do not say
her legislation did not overstep the just boundaiy
between the powers of the State and national
Governments. I think it did. But having had
occasion to examine carefully that legislation, I
do say that its character has been grossly misrep-
resented. I do aver that in no respect in which
that legislation passed a hair's-breadth the line of
State powers has it been sustained by the judi-
ciary of the State. I do say that there never has
been a day or hour when the arrest of any fugi-
tive fiom service has been defeated by any statute
of Massachusetts recognized and enfoiced by its
judicial tribunals. I do aver that by no law or
judicial decree in that Commonwealth have the
rights of any one master, in any one case, been
destroyed or impaired. I always opposed that
legislation, been use I felt it was incapable or doing
any legal, substantialsood,and was not, in spirit,
loyal to the Union; because it wounded and grieved
the friends of the Union. The traitors who brooded
over and gave life and form to this rebellion, knew
full well that their rights had never been impaired
by these laws, and were driven to the shallow pie-
tense that thu void act of a State Legislature, not
upheld by its courts or executive, had the effect
to nullify acts of Congress and prevent their ex-
ecution. See the ordinance of secession of South
Catolina—false premises leading to false conclu-
sions.
A people willing to risk so much to guard the
lights of the fugitive from service cannot fail to
view with deep sensibility the arrests made in the
peaceful and loyal States, where no plea of neces-
sity now obtains, whose usual channels of justice
are unobstructed, in violation of the muniments
of liberty, to illustrate and secure which has b<jen
their glory and pride. They cannot but regard
with distrust, if not with indignation, the subtile
lawyer and the time-serving politician who not
only defend but stimulate and encourage them.
They cannot but deprecate the recurrence of acts
which serve only to weaken the love of Union
and to encourage and give comfort to its foes.
Let us turn now, for a moment, to the debt
which the Union* owes to New England. As I
have before suay sted, the germ of the. Union is to j
be found in the confederation of the New Eng-
land colonies m 1643, with its Union army of two
hundred and thirty-five men. In the articles of
this confederation maybe found the great idea and
thought embodied and made effective in the Con-
stitution—the reconciliation of central power with
local independence; for protection against dangers
without and conflicts within, mutual protection
and reciprocal dependence; for domestic institu-
tions and local interests, independence and entire
self-control. The distribution of powers between
the central Government and the States, and the
States and the municipalities, is the great politi-
cal thought which we have organized and illus-
trated—unity without centralization, unity with
diversities of policy and operation. The result
of unity with centralization would be despotism,
whatever the outward form; the fruit of unity
with diversity has been the most beautiful illus-
tration the world has seen of the largest liberty
blended with the firmest order. This humble
confederation formed the first American Union,
anil contained the first fugitive slave law.
If we come down to the Revolution, the labors
and sacrifices of the New England colonies are
matters of the most familiar history. Their present
is trembling in the balance; the future is with God;
their past has stood before the judgment seat and
has put on the white robe. Rich as the country
may be with glorious memories, she cannot part
with these. The heavens may burn with other
glorious lights, the mariner will not spare the north
star. The New England colonics inaugurated the
Revolution. The fust blood was spilt upon their
soil. The four New England colonies, with a
population not exceeding nine hundred thousand,
furnished to the war (m continental tioops and
militia) over one hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand men. With one thud the population of the
united colonics, she furnished two thirds of all the
troops, Massachusetts raising some twelve thou-
sand more than the six southern States. This is
said in no spirit of boasting, Mr. Speaker; but
when our lot and right in the homestead are ques-
tioned, it is not ungiaceful to allude to our labors
in securing it.
To the administration and policy of Washing-
ton New England was a firm and unwavering
fiiend. For sixty years her politics, with slight
departures, were of his school. Need I say that
if the policyand counselsof theFatherof hisCoun-
try had been followed by the whole country, this
terrible civil war would have been averted; that
since the resolutions of 1798 we have increased
the centrifugal forces of the Government instead
of the centripetal; have thought too much of the
States,and too little of" that unity of government
which constitutes us one people?"
Theie was a btief time, indeed, when New Eng-
land, her commerce paralyzed, her industry pros-
trated by the policy of the national Government,
seemed to be starting from her sphere. But she
soon easilynnd naturally resumed her wonted orbit
of order, law, and obedience. From the peace of
1815 to 1850, faithful to the Constitution and the.
Union, she advocated broad and national views
of the Constitution, and a liberal use of the pow-
ers of the General Government for the develop-
ment of the industry and material resources of
the country.
New England is reproached for the tariff policy
of the Government. She did not inaugurate the
policy. It was not her choice when the country
embarked in it, and the industry and capital of
New England had been diverted to manufactures.
She felt, and justly, that they had a claim to the
continued care and protection of the Government.
At no time since the inauguration of this policy
has she controlled the counsels of the Adminis-
tration, and for the greater part of the time she
has had a very limited influence in those counsels.
She has found herself for the greater part of the
time in opposition to the national Administration.
She has, indeed, believed that such an adjustment
of duties on imports as would protect our indus-
try was just and wise for all parts of the country;
but for the inaugurating and establishing the tariff
policy she may not claim the credit or be held
responsible.
The charge against New England of a narrow
nnd illiberal policy towards the West is without
the least foundation in fact. In his great speech
in reply to Mr. Hayne, m 1830, Mr. Webster in-
dignantly repelled The charge, then first conjured
up for narrow party purposes. Hear the words
of the noblest of our national statesmen:
1 deny that the East has at anv lime shown an illiberal
policy towards the West. I pronounce the whole accusa-
tion to fie without the least foundation in any facts exist-
ing either now or at any previous time. I deny it in the
general, and I deny each and all its particulars* I deny th«
sum total, and I deny the detail. I deny tiiat the East has
ever manifested hostility to the West, and f deny that she
lias adopted any policy that would naturally have led her
to such a course."
With respect to the distribution of the public
lands, the Governor of Massachusetts, and one
of her wisest sons, John Davis, in 1841, in a spe-
cial message to the Legislature, declared u that
the new States were entitled to a more liberal
share of the public lands than the old States, as
we owe to their enterprise much of the value the
property has acquired." And a resolution was
passed by the Legislature declaring—
" That in the disposition of the public lands this Com-
monwealth approves of making liberal piovisions for the
new States, and that she ever has been, and still is, ready
to cooperate with other portions of the Union in securing
to these States such provisions."
Equally just and liberal has been the course of
New England in relation to the system of internal
improvements in the new States. Said Mr. Web-
ster, in the speech before referred to:
(i i assmt, boldly, that in all measures conducive to the
welfare of the West, since my acquaintance here, no part
ot the country has manifested a more liberal policy. I beg
to say, 6-ir, that I do not state this with a view of claiming
for her any special regard on that account. Notatall. She
does not place her support of measures on the ground of
favor eonferied. Fat otherwise. What she has done has
been consonant to her view of the general good, and there-
fore she has done it. She has sought to make no train of
it; on the contrary, individuals may have felt, undoubtedly,
some natural mgiet at finding the relative importance of
their own State* diminished by the growth of the West.
But New England has regaided that as the natural course
of things, and has nevei complained of it. Let mo see any
one measure favorable to the West which has been opposed
by New England Mnec the Govemmentbestowed Us atten-
tion on iheM' western improvements. Select what you will,
if it be a measure of acknowledged utility, I answer for it,
it will be found that not only were New England votes
ea«t for it, but New England votes secured its passage.51
That her course since 1830 has been equally
liberal, the records of both Houses of Congress
will attest. For the great system of internal im-
provements, the result of private enterprise, by
which the valley of the Mississippi has been
brought so near to us, and its vast material te\
sources so marvelously and rapidly developed,
the West is to a very large extent indebted to the
capital and enterprise of New England. Capital
was doubtless seeking a profitable investment, but
the investments would not have been made but for
the large reciprocal trust and confidence between
New England and the West.
Five hundred million dollars—a liberal share
from New England—have been expended in the
canals and railroads constructed to change the di-
rection of the commerce of the Mississippi. The
great consumers of the products of the free States
in its valley are northeast of it. Forty-nine fif-
tieths of the cereals of the Northwest seeking a
foreign market,find their way by these new chan-
nels of communication to the tide-waters at New
York. The real mouths of the Mississippi open
to the Northeast. Art, labor, and the iron will
of man arc stronger than nature, and mold and
bend her to their purposes. Ties of birth, kin-
dred, marriage, early associations, memories of
fatherland, common institutions, common cul-
ture, thought, faith, reciprocal and interdepend-
ent interests, bind the North and West together.
Crafty and selfish politicians cannot sever them.
They can sever from themselves the affection and
confidence of the people of both sections. They
can leave themselves out in the cold.
Such, Mr. Speaker, briefly and very imper-
fectly sketched, were the princi pics and traditional
policy of New England to the close of the first half
of the present century.
I do not shrink from the consideration of her
position and relations to the Union for the last
twelve years or her position to-day. I must speak
freely and with the love that casteth out fear. I
am not insensible of the power which radical, not
to say disorganizing, revolutionary views have ac-
quired among us; the setting up of private specu-
lations and feeling under the guise of " higher
law," and party formulas and dogmas above the
obligations of duty and the mandates of the su-
preme law of the land.
There are, I know, men in New England who
I are opposed to the existing Union, to il any union
j with slave States." They control, to some ex-
| tent, the political macluneiy of the States. They
i are the channels through which the honors and
