THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG1LES3, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. IlIYES, "WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 2. 18G3.
New Series No. 89.
out from this House. It was never ckdhered in
the House,and is not in the Globe.
Mr. BLAKE. The gentleman is entitled to his
denial; but I know that the speech was reported
correctly; I heard it delivered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, take the
Globe; I will furnish it to you now.
Mr. BLAKE. Keep cool till I get through; I
have but just commenced.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will not keep cool
when a falsehood like that is attempted to be
palmed off as true, and a forgery, too.
Mr. BLAKE. It is not the first time the gen-
tleman has denied his own speech. 1 have the
speech, as published in the New York Herald at
the time, before me. The specch was withheld
by the gentleman for several days after it was
delivered, for revision, and in the revised copy,
as it appears in the Globe, it is true that the lan-
guage is not precisely the same in all parts of the
speech as that taken down at the time by the Her-
ald reporter, but it is substantially the same in sen-
timent; and the language the gentleman then used,
as reported in the Herald, but expressed the
sentiments that have guided his actions ever since
the rebellion began. Actions speak louder than
words.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One moment. The
speech was prepared before, and was published
substantially as prepared.
Mr. BLAKE. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
will find, if he looks at the Globe, for 1 have exam-
ined it, that he retained his speech against the
protest of therepoiters for the Globe, and because
of that protest he maintained that he had a right
to keep it as long as he pleased. He rose to a
question of privilege upon this floor, and claimed
that he had a right to keep it back, and he did
keep the speech for revision, and did revise it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And so,also, I kept
a speech which I read ofi the 3d of July, ISG2,
(the only one I ever did read here,) for a few days
in order to prepare it for publication. I want no
more forgeries read to ihe House.
Mr. BLAKE. This is not a forgery, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is. It is a false
report absolutely.
Mr. BLAKE. I heard the gentleman make
that speech, and there are many piesent who
heard it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ Not a member
present. You did not hear it. It never was
uttered.
Mr. BLAKE. I did hear it; and it was uttered,
as is known by many members now hero.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. U is absolutely
false. When you come to quote my speech, take
the record.
Mr. BLAKE. I may take the record, and I
find precisely the same sentiment uttered in the
Globe as is uttered here; and where the language
does not agree with the report in the Herald, it is
a false record made by the gentleman himself.
Sir, I said my colleague had been consistent,
but truth compels me to say that a man holding
such sentiments would appear far more consistent
in iho rebel congress at Richmond than in this
Hall. Again, my colleague, in the specch from
which I have quoted, said:
" Do >ou ask me when the hour or disunion will come?
I tell you never; never while it i* po.^ibie to p<event it;
novel while we can x-cuiu the ju-t con-ilitutjui-al lights
which the Union was nndr  to m-eine ; neve, at h-a-t, HI
tin1 t.ine <-luill come wlirr':;n to vindicate the g!oi ioiumght«
of revolution. Do vou a^k me when thathoui will come?
Oi that evi-ry Fuif'oud rveiy peoplo mis-.t j'tibu lor thom-
bvIvl-<, before God and the giedt lubunal of histoiy."
What southern rebel ever claimed more than this?
It ie the very doctrine of secession and revolution
which South Carolina has asserted ever since 1832,
and upon which she and the other rebel Slates are
now acting m theii efforts to destroy the Govern-
ment of the United States. This speech, then, of
my colleague, was to misrepresent the people of
the free States on the subject of slavery, its only-
tendency to precipitate the North and the South
into a conflict; and. now that the conflict has come,
the only result of'nid efforts will be to prolong the
war, and endanger the lives of our gallant men in
the field confronting the rebel army.
Sir, it was in the direct line of my colleague's
[Mr. Vali.andighak] consistency, that he a few
days since, said in a speech at Newark, New Jer-
sey :
" Shall tiie Democratic party be induced for one moment
to slnke iianJ-s with those uho des-he lo^hari^e the pur-
pose-s ol the Administration, and br.ng ltb.ick n«ain to a war
loi the Union, when the whole people united cannot accom-
plish anyilunpbeioiethe-lthot March, 18f 3? Will the war
continue that long 1 ['• Keter, neier." from all parts of the
room ] (fill you sew! yoia sons again to the but Lie-field ]
[Oveiwli-'lnimg. eiifhiNiaMie, ami unanimous cues kAro,
noi Neve)} neve) " • GjdjorbvW' 'Not if I know myself'7]
Shall the;/ be consu ip<c>l to cat ny on t'ih >var for tiro yeat •>
more, and for the nc rol [Tiemeudous outbuilt?. Velirs
cheer-. One? of 'No, never.5 'Let them ny it.' 4t*ee them
d—dliist.' cWe defy them.']"'
This, sir, is a bold declaration of treason against
the Government, which ought to bring- the blush
of shame to the cheek of every Anieiican citizen.
Sir, can it be possible that this is the American
Congress, and that a man who utters such senti-
ments at this time of national peril is permitted to
hold a seat here ? This, sir, is the way the rebels
are encouraged to fight and protract the contest.
But for such speeches, and the aid and support
the rebels have received fioiu the sympathizers,
the war wouid now be at an end.
The Richmond Dispatch, the organ of Jeff
Davis, of Febiuary 20, referring to this speech
of my colleague, says:
" This speech look? i-omnhing like a ' lucid Interval' in
the noithein nnnd. Then Auny will be tlnec hundted
thou>and only in June. Lit n- keep oui.-s up to five bun-
dled thousand, and dictate peace at Washington 01 Alex-
audiiu."
The Constitution declares that treason against
the United States " shall consist in levying war
against than, or iti adhering to their enemies,giving
them aid and comfort." if this is not giving Lite
one tines of our cuunti v *' aid andcomfoiti'i i would
like to know what is? This is itb natural lesult,
and therefore, it should be regaukd as treasonable'
by every honest man in the nation. Sir, in this
same Newark speech, my colleague [Mr. Val-
laxdigiiam] said:
(i J remember that if wai in the city of Newatk, a little
more than uvo yr\us aeo, lh.it 1 fir-t (,m\v the p'edi."' to any
portion .  the people ot the United States that I ne\ ei wouid
eoniiibuto by my \\ oid< o> net* to the Mioddiny of one diop
ol \merieiiii blood in a civil w.u. ftheat applau-e ] Ilou
tai and eon^teiitl} 1 have kept that pledge, let von, a p.ut
ot ni) euuntiymen, deieiiniiu;.'-'
I have endeavored to defend the consistency of
my colleague from the commencement of this war;
but there is one pledge which my colleague gave
about the time to which he refers in his Newark
sp.'C'h that he has not redeemed. 1 refer to a
mi cling- of the Ohio delegation in this city, called
for the purpose of forming a union of all paities
airai ist the rebellion. At that meeting, my col-
league [Mr. Yai lavdigham] declared, "that if
a-uy attempt wus mode lo hiurck troops through his
district for the purpose of coercing the South, they
would have to march over his dead body before they
1 could sco through the diitnrt." fchr, troops have
: mniveed through his district for the purpose of
{ coercing the rebels, and they found nothing; of the
I dead body of my colleague.
j Mr. VALLANDIGl-IAM. That is false; and
| the mernbo'- knov. s it is false when he utters it.
1 Mr.HLAKR, On that point I will send to the
Oleik'sd- sk a h-tter to be reed, and the statement
of se\eral iii'-m^ers of Congress who were pres-
ent et the meeting.
The Clcik read", as follows:
Washington, June 2,186C.
Pir; I was pieeent at it mofiiugui the Ohio membci-j of
Congo eallt-d bv the fjon Thomas t'orvvin. for the pin-
nosf.Md f^iviti^ a milted expression mremst the docliine of
iecc?f-ioe. and in fivor oi at! lojalmci uniting to putdown
the iei)"Hion. Said mectmc wn? in the month of Dcoeiti-
bei. lef>G,oi the month of Jainanv tolluwinj?. riiellon. C.
L.VAiLA.M>ir iivM was prr?i'rr at that mcrtmj;,ami declared
tltar u anv attempt wjs made to match troop> thromrh hi«
di<t.iot 10'r the pmpo-e of ooercmff tl>« Son'h. they xvouhJ
Iiave to match ov< i hii chad Ixnly belore tliey enald y)
tlnouun the <t< t:iet
your-only, T. C. TIir.AKCTl.
Ibm. rf. Ei-eeuiox,
We, the undersi'ined members of the Timty-Sixth and
Thirty-Seventh Congies&, weie present at the meeting al-
liule.d to by the Hon. T. (3. Theaker, In the lb redoing lettur
ot the date of.lune2, and we hereby indorse the state-
ment therein made concerning the declaration of the Hon.
U. L. Vallakdioham at that meeting.
SIDNEY EDGEUTON,
JOHN A. GUliLEY.
I remember the statement, substantially, as made by Hon.
Mr. Theaker.
J.M. ASHLEY.
I remember that Mi. Vallandioham, at the meeting rc-
lened to, declined his hostility to and his puipose to resist
any attempt to march troops through Ohio to eoeiee the
people ot receding States to submit to the authority of the
Federal Government.
JOHN A. BINGHAM.
I concur in the statement of Mr. Bintrliam.
JOHN HQTCHINS.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now,Mr.Speaker,
one moment about this. 1 have already explained
this subject long ago, and shown how this idea
came into the nunc) of anybody. Here are my
colleagues, [Mr. Pendleton and Mr. Cox,] who
heard every word 1 said, and have repeatedly
joined me in the denial that I ever uttered such a
sentiment. The manner in which it originated
was this: the very evening after that on which
that caucus was held, after tins House adjourned,
Mr. Theaker, the member before me, [Mr.
Biake,] my colleague, [Mr. Cox.] myself, and
others, wentinto the Senatejustas Mr. Johnson,
of Tennessee, had concluded his speech. The
SenatorfromOregon, General Joseph Lane, rose,
and, during his reply, used that language as fol-
lows:
" If it [civil wai] should come unfortunately upon tilts
coiinn-y. iii;Lit;'iitat(:(i hv a tyrant wiio would iike to hold
Aincncan cituen* as va^als, then I will say to that coward
wiio would do it,' you will walli ovei your humble ser-
vants body fii^t.'"—Con^i'cm,iotLal Gtohe, IBljO-Gl. p. 144.
We had met the evening before, as I have said,
in the rooms occupied by my colleagues [Mr.
Put;h, Mr. Martin, and Mr.Pendleton] and my-
self. Sojjpe four or five months afterward, and
not before—it was after the war broke out—it was
asserted that it was I who had used that language.
1 happen to have hostile record evidence, made at
the time, ot what I said, and it has been repub-
lished. The report in the Cincinnati Commercial
(a Republican paper) next mot uing, sent by tele-
graph by its cm respondent, Mr. Bickham, con-
tained what 1 dill say, and it was the very reverse
of that. More than that, Mr. Bickham, in his
letter transmitted by mail the next day, and pub-
lished about the 2^d December, 1860, in thatsame
Commeicial, repeats the language more at length.
It is that Mr. Vai.landic.ham said that "if any
army undertook to mareh down South from the
northern part of the State, they should hare a free
passant throuzhthc Miami valley, provided they did
not disturb anybody." Now, that is the fact; and
the membei, instead of discussing the great ques-
tions of the hour, has no right to undertake to
single me out for his dirty personal attacks.
Mr. ULAKli Mr. Speaker, I should not pur-
sue this policy with my colleague if his conduct
was not consistent entirely with that language,
and such as to command the attention of all loyal
men. Now, the time to winch 1 icfer was when
Thomas Cot win was chairman of a meeting in
this city, called when the southern States were
about going out of the Union, and when, perhaps,
some of them Lad gone out, to see li we could not
unile on tile proposition that secession was rebel-
lion, and that rebellion must be crushed; and to
see if all parties would not unite for that purpose.
We met at the room of Mr. Piigli. The Ohio del-
egation was present. The Ohio delegation in this
House, all. did agree on that proposition, with the
exception of my colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham.1
I cannot be mistaken about this, it was talked
over at the time, and since, between members; and
I lenieniber very well the manly position of Mr.
Howaid, of Ohio, on the subject. I remember
well that hegtiveall men to understand that troops
would be marched anywhere through Ohio, to put
down a rebellion, if it became necessary.
89
