1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he suppose that the Government must furnish beds
for the soldiers in convalescent camps?
Mr.TEN EYCK. No,sir; I suppose,however,
that this camp, which has been named Camp Con-
valescent, but which ought to be called Camp Re-
lapse, should have the kind consideration and care
of the Government in all its departments and ap-
pointments as well as any other camp or any other
hospital in the service or in the country. It may
be considered altogether amiss and aside from the
matter in hand to discuss this subject; but I do
not think so; and as 1 trouble the Senate but sel-
dom on occasions of this lcmd, or any other, per-
haps I may be pardoned for calling the attention of
the Senate to this fact. This Camp Convalescent,
composed of twenty or thirty thousand troops,
from time time, is not only made up from the sol-
diers who are sent there wounded from the field
of battle, but in a vast majority of cases of sol-
diers who have been returned from the hospitals
of the North and in this city; men who were re-
garded as in a state of convalescence, taken from
warm, comfortable apartments, where they had
kind treatment and medical attendance of the
highest character, and sent down to this great de-
pot for the Army; and then, to'my knowledge, as
derived from the most highly respectable and re-
sponsible soldiers, are sent into tents without fire,
without clothing, and, as I have been informed,
without proper medical care and attention. The
consequence i*i, that men, instead of getting bach-
to the Army, where it was supposed they wore
likely to get from^his grand depot, are thrown
back into a condition in which their last state is
worse than the first. I know, sir, that more than
one man from the town in which I live has b'-en
rescued, I believe, from the very jaws of death
by the pertinacious, persevering eil'oi ta of ins hu-
mane friends and acquaintances, by getting him
removed from this Camp Convalescent to more
comfortable quarters, and to other hospitals in the
neighborhood.
I hope that all that I have said, based upon the j
information that I have derived on this subject, j
may prove to be untrue. 1 should rejoice as much j
as any other man if it should prove untrue. In !
order that injustice might be done to no one, in ,
order that justice may be done to those who may i
have been unjustly accused, I took occasion this j
morning to introduce a resolution of inquiry, and j
had it referred to the Committee on Miiitafy Al- !( ...
fairs, of which the Senator from Massachusetts ji ried out, it will cost more than this twenty-five
the camp repeatedly, and I know somethingabout
it. i think the camp has been very badly man-
aged; and the Surgeon General thinks so, too,
for he had a report from one of his inspectors, Col-
onel Vollum, who reported against it, and recom-
mended that certain action be taken to reform it,
which action was referred to the Secretary of War.
I called upon the Secretary qf War with a copy
of it, and he said that he would place it in the
hands of General Heintzehnan, under whom this
camp is. This camp, however, is not a hospital.
It has no resemblance to a hospital.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It lias a hospital name.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
justtis a regiment has a hospital name; but it is
a camp where the men who have been away on
furlough, who have been in the hospitals,and have
been pronounced convalescent, go, in older to be
transfeired from there to their regiments.
Passing from that subjcct, I desire to say that
J shall vote for the amendment proposed to the
bill by the Senator from Iowa. It will do away
with the objections that have been urged against
it. Last evening 1 called upon General Ivetcham,
who had the last returns, made up a few weeks
ago, from all the various sections of the country,
of the value of the ration. In this city it was
18 cents; in New York, 18 cents; in Boston, 16j
cents; in Tennessee, cents; but generally it
was 1G, IT, 18, and 19 cents. In the fur western
posts it was higher. In New Mexico it was 31
cents, end in Washington Territory 22£ cents.
That is the contt act price of the ration at those dif-
ferent places. Here, in the city of Washington,
the contract price at present is 18 cents. A few
months ago H was less. The aitieles composing
the ration have risen in value. The men are en-
titled to the ration, cost what it will; but the actual
absolute cost in this city is 18 cm its. If it is all
drawn, then the) e is no money for a hospital fund.
If anything remains, the absolute value of it is
paid over to the hospital fund. The Senator pro-
poses to add twenty-five per cent, to the value of
the ration. If the value of the ration was 16 cents,
then twenty-live per cent, would add four cents to
it: and if tlmre were a hundred men in a hospital
who would be entitled to a hundred rations, it
would amount to twenty instead of sixteen dollars.
The Senator has guarded it, by adding if it, is
needed for the comfort of the patients." If this
diet table piepared by the Suigeon General is oar-
That is the
is chaiiman, in older that this whole matter may
be fully looked into, and that if any responsibil-
ity attaches to any one it may attach to the per-
sons who should be held lesponsible. I am in-
formed that Surgeon General Hammond has not
the charge and control of this camp. If he has
not, some one else has, or ought to have. I greatly
fear sometimes that no one has the care that should
be exercised over it.
One word in relation to isolated cases. I have
information that more than ninety soldiers ft om
my own State were in that camp on Sunday last,
without fires, without clothes, without beds, with-
out blankets ev*m, furnished by the Government
or any one else, and without the ability to borrow
or furnish them themselves; that they had been
there for a length of time; and, so far as I know,
they are m that condition up to the present hour,
■with no bed cloth* s, no beds, and nothing but the
ordinary every-day apparel in which they came
from the hospitals where they were sick.
1 apologize to the Senate for having taken up
so much time on an issue somewhat collateral to
the bill, but which I believe strikes at the very
existence and continuance of the army of volun-
teers of the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I assure the
Senator from New Jersey that, so tar as the medi-
cal department of the Army is concerned, that de-
partment is not responsible for the organization
of that camp.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not carc who is respons-
ible, so that we can get it corrected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is a
military camp, under military rules and regula-
tions. There are surgeons there who have duties
to perform. 1 do not mean to say that they are
fully performed. From seventy to eighty thou-
sand men have passed through that camp within
the last six months. On the 10th of this month
there were about live thousand there; eight hun-
dred of them from my own State. I have visited
per cent, lncease: but that diet table mdy be mod-
ified,and probably this increaseof twenty-five per
cent, will meet all the expenses that are necessary
to be made. I shall support the amendment.
Mr. RICE. I do not see that that diet table
amounts to anything more than other documents
we have had sent in here. In making out that
table, they must necessarily have ascertained the
cost of each article in order to give the sum total,
and why could they not have sent that to us?
They give the quantify of bread, end of ricn,&c.,
per day, for the sick in a certain condition, but
the quantity of brandies and
things; nor do they give the
they do not give
wines, and oth<
puce of anvthin
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is not
the price of the nation.
Mr. RICE. They are in that diet table. lean
form no better judgmentfiom it than I could from
a blank ph-ce of paper. Why did they not give
us the figures which they must have had them-
selves ' Why did they not send those in to us, to
show what those articles must have cost a day?
They did not do it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator will allow me to explain that matter, this diet
table was not preptired to send here to show us
what it would cost. Ii was made up by the Sur-
geon Genera!, and sent, not to all the hospitals,
bin to a ctitaio number of hospitals, to make an
experiment upon.
Mr.RICE. What h;ue wegotto do with it here?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The exper-
iment whs tried of livmgup to that table. It was
found that the nvm in the hospitals improved a
great deal more under it than under the present ra-
tion; but it was also found m every instance that
the cost of the ration in those hospitals was much
increased. It was tried as an experiment for one
month.
Mr. RICE. They have sent nothing here to
show it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts.
statement of the Surgeon General.
Mr. RICE. In voting money we should have
the figures.
1 did not rise, however, with a view of discuss-
ing that question, but for the purpose of offering
a substitute for the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Iowa, if he will give me his atten-
tion a moment. The substitute I have prepared
includes the sick and wounded in camp. I will
ask to have it read at the desk.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall have no objection cer-
tainly to the object of the Senator.
Mr. RICE. The amount does not correspond
to that of the Senator's amendment; but I have
nothing to say on that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota offers the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Iowa:
That tliere shall be added to each commuted ration of sick
and wounded soldiers in the hospitals and in camps, ten
cents.
Mr. RICE. It will be seen that I add the in-
crease to the ration; but that 1 am notpaitieular
about. My amendment also includes the.sick in
camp as well as in the hospitals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot apply the
same rules and system to the camps that you do
to the hospitals.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the word "hos-
pital" includes all the cases that could possibly
be reached. They have what they call "camp
hospitals" in the field.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that it would
be well for us to go back and see exactly where
we stand, and what it is that is proposed to be
done. The chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs appears before us with this bill and
with this diet table, which he says he is anxious
to have adopted in the hospitals of the Army of
the United States. Upon an examination of this
diet table, it will be found, I think, that there is
riot a single article included in the diet table proper
—1 am not speaking of the extra diets—except the
single article of poultry, that is notincluded in the
ration to-day. Then, there is hardly an article
included in the extra diets and drinks that is not
included in the fourteenth section of the act passed
by Congress, approved August 3,,1861,and which
the Secretary of War has an unlimited authority
to grant to any of these hospitals to any extent
that ho chooses. I will read that section of the
law:
*£ That there may be allowed m hospitals, to be provided
under Mid) tulexni the Surgeon Genera! of the Army, with
the approval ot the Secretary of War, may prescribe, such
quantities of fres>h or preserved fruits, milk, butter, and
eggs, as may be nece&barj tor the proper diet of the sick."
So far as the articles enumerated in that section
are concerned, the Surgeon General has unlimited
authority to grant them to any hospital or to any
soldiers, under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of War. If the Sena-
tor desires to include some other articles than those
enumerated in this section, if the Surgeon Gen-
eral believes that the health of the soldiers will be
promoted by extending this law, why does not the
Senator from Massachusetts propose to extend
that law? Why reach the object m this indirect
way, when lie is assured, and we are all assured,
that under the law as it now stands the grossest
corruption has been practiced? This law affords
no checks and no guards against the continuance
of those corrupt practices, but will allow them to
be continued, only jn a multiplied and tp an aggra-
vated extent. Therefore I ask, if the Senator de-
sires to accomplish this object—and it is a laud-
able one; and 1 am willing to vote with him to
extend the law in that, respect—why does he not
enlaige the scope of the fourteenth section of the
act of 18G1, and allow the Surgeon General, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, to include
these uiticles in that way? In that mode we shall
know what we are voting for. Hut as it now is,
1 am assured by as high authority as the Senator
from Massachusetts has quoted—I do not choose
to mention the gentleman's name; but he is an
officer high in rank, occupying a very responsi-
ble position, and I think one of the most intelli-
gent men that I have met about Washington—that
this bill, if if. passes, will entail upon the Treas-
ury between three and four million dollars addi-
tional expense, and thatit will be virtually frittered
away. . , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. Throe million nine hundred
