1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. He never said any
such thing. It is a downright falsehood.
Mr. BLAKE. You can call it what you please.
I let it go to the country with tlie evidence I have
given. Your denial and my statement may go
for what they are worth.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Very well; they
may.
Mr. BLAKE. It does not stand on my state-
ment alone. It ia in consistency with the conduct
of my colleague ever since the war commenced.
It stands on record evidence of men who have ears
to hear, and who were present on that occasion
as well as myself, and who did hear, and they do
confirm the statement I have made. I am very
willing the country should decide who has told
the falsehood. I say my colleague [Mr. Val-
i,akdicham] did say, at the meeting referred to,
substantially what Hon. T. C. Theaker declares
he said, and I believe he made use of that very
language. Mr. Theaker is well sustained by sev-
eral other members of Congress who were pres-
«nt. Some of my colleagues say they did not hear
the language said to have been used by the gen-
tleman. I am not surprised that all present did
not hear it, for there was much " noise and con-
fusion" there about that time. Sir, the fact that
some gentlemen did not hear it, and say they did
not, can in no way invalidate the testimony of
fhose who did hear it, and say they did.
Mr. PENDLETON. If my colleague will allow
me a moment, I desire to say this. 1 was present
at the meeting of the Ohio delegation referred to by
my colleague. I recollect very well what tran-
ipired there. The scene that occurred, I am sure,
will never be forgotten by any of us that were
present. I desire now to say, once for all, that 1
believe I heard every word which was spoken
during the whole of that meeting. I heard the
speech of my colleague [Mr. Vallandigh am] from
beginning to end, and 1 did not hear and I do not
befieve that there was uttered any such language
as has been here to-night, and repeatedly hereto-
fore, attributed to my colleague, [Mr. Vallan-
D1GHAM.1
Mr. BLAKE. I appeal to my colleague, [Mr.
Ashley,] who was present, and there were others
• present, but who are absent from the House at
this time. I will furnish their statement to the
reporter.
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 was present, sir, at that
meeting. The occurrences of that niglif are fiesh
in my memory. During the evening the conver-
sation became somewhat excited. If I do not
mistake, the then Senator from Ohio (Mr.Pugh)
remarked, and directed his remarks to me,smiting
upon his breast and saying that we would have
to march over his dead body before we could
march an army into the South to coerce her. I
replied that we would march over it if it was neces-
sary. He said he could raise Irishmen enough in
my district to put me down. And J understood
my colleague from (lie Dayton district [Mr. Val-
landigiiam] to approve and indorse this senti-
ment, and to say that we would have to march
over the Democrats of the Miami district also,
before we should be permitted to invade sovereign
States for the purpose of coercing them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So it was Mr.
Pugh, then, who made the remark, was it?
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I think there is not a
member of this delegation who has a more distinct
recollection of what occurred at that meeting than
myself. It was on the 18th of December,"i860.
I have some memoranda about it by which 1 am
enabled to refresh my recollection. I lecolleet
very well, and I have recurred to it since 1 have
been here, that we were talking over some propo-
sitions by which we were of opinion that, through
the action of Congress, we could close up these
difficulties with the South without war. That was
the way in which this conversation commenced.
1 myself offered a resolution which was not agreed
to at that meeting. The gentleman says that we
were all agreed on one policy.
Mr. BLAKE. Except one member of the
House, my colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham,] anil
one member of the Senate, (Mr. Pugh,) to the
proposition that secession was rebellion, and the
rebellion must be crushed out.
Mr. COX. Now, sir, I have here a resolution
which f offered in that meeting, and which was
rejected by the Republicans who were there. I
have that reeoiutien here now in the very language
in which it was offered. I wrote in pencil at the
time, and I have preserved it thinking it might pos-
sibly be of some sort of use as a historical thing.
Here it is:
" Resolved, That the Representatives of Ohio request tlie
members of tlie Ohio Legislature to abrogate all laws in
conflict with tile Constitution of the United States for the
return of fugitives from justice, and to vote down all pend-
ing laws to impede the execution of the fugitive slave law."
Well, sir, one thing led to another in that dis-
cussion. I may not recollect everything that took
place, but I certainly remember no remark of my
colleague from the Dayton district of the tenor of
that reported by my colleague over the way, [Mr.
Elakf..] I remember distinctly that a member
of Congress from Ohio (Mr. Howard) declared
something about being willing to shoulder his mus-
ket and go to war, as he has since gone to the war;
but I remember nothing of the kind in reference
to my colleague [Mr. Vallandigham] such as my
other colleague imputes to him.
Mr. BLAKE. Of course I can have no con-
troversy in respect to this question of veracity
with my other colleagues from Ohio. The ver-
sion I have quoted from has been published two
years, and I have never heard it controverted un-
til now.
Mr. COX. It was denied at the time.
Mr. BLAKE. I was not aware of it. I was
present when my colleague [Mr. Edgerton] made
nis speech last session m this House, and no man
on tlie floor then denied it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The same version
was quoted in a speech of Mr. Edgerton in this
House, and was denied at the time. I denied it
in a card soon after it was first stated, eighteen
months ago.
Mr. DIVEN. Will'the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAKE. This is purely an Ohio matter;
I hope the gentleman will not interfere in it.
Mr. D1VEN. 1 merely wanted to ask a single
question.
Mr. BLAKE.
tleman.
Mr. DIVEN.
Very well, [ yield to the gen-
Thc question I proposed to ask
of some member of the Ohio delegation who was
present at this meeting is, what time in the even-
ing it was? [Laughter.]
M[r. BLAKE. It was early in the evening, I
assure the gentleman. As I said before, I have
no question of veracity with my other colleagues
upon this point. I did not know that it was a
rnalterof controversy; t never heard it questioned.
I wish to say that my memory upon this subject I
think cannot be at fault; hut at the same time Ulo not
wish to charge as treacherous the memory of any
other gentleman. I am confident of the accuracy
of my recollection because of other circumstances
in connection with it which are fresh in my mind.
I remember Hon. Mr. Theaker, whose letter has
been read at the Clerk's desk, had, standing ill
the comer of the room, a cane, and when my col-
league made the remark to which 1 have referred,
Mr. Theaker started to get his cane, and said, " 1
will march over your dead body now, if neces-
sary." 1 must believe the statement to be true;
I cannot doubt the word of Hon. T. C. Theaker
and the other menibeis who corroborate htm.
Upon this point, however, my colleague is en-
titled to his denial, and I give him the benefit of
it, for I have no desire to do him any injustice.
Again: 1 find i  the Charleston Mercury, a rebel
organ of the South, the following:
[C'orii'spoudonec of the Chailcston Mercury.]
RirHMO.vp, Jantiarxf 25.
u Ye^teiday a Ninv VoiKcr, who lott Washington last
Friday, arrived here and sought an interview with the Pres-
ident. JJe wa*- weil .icetedited by letters to prominent
southern gentlemen. He says the wai eannot la«>t ninety
dat\s ; that the Yankee finances are iu an inextii<.nhle con-
Ai' ion ; the soldiers in all their armies mutinous, and only
waimi!? to he paid off to disband. Then, says lie, will come
the hanging of the Lmcolmtoss—and there will be a clean
sweep. This, like other such statements, should butmake
it* more vigorous m pushing on the war. You may rest as-
sured there is something in the story about important mat-
teis m seeiet session, winch I have been lepcatmg fiom
day to day. It i* a treaty, or a loan, or both, with France.'5
Sir, this is the way and manner the rebels are
sustained m their efforts to destroy the lives of
our gallant men, and encouraged to resist the au-
thority of the Constitution and the enforcement of
the laws. And yet, with these facts before us, we
hear men complaining of arrests! Sir, I com-
plain that we have not had more of them.
Sir, the men who are thus aiding the rebels i
ought not only to be arrested; they ought to be
shot.
But not only has my colleague been consistent
in his sympathy for the rebels, and his opposition
to every measure to put down the rebellion and
maintain the Constitution, but he has also been
consistent in his abuse of New England and his
threats of a western confederacy, I am somewhat
troubled to know how to reconcile the consistency
of my colleague in his position of the "Consti-
tution as it is, and the Union as it was,'* with his
great idea of the formation of a confederacy with
" New England left out in th& cold." No doubt,
however, the gentleman can do it, at least to his
own satisfaction, if not to that of the "rest of
mankind." 44 New England must be sacrificed,"
cries JefTDavis, the great bull-dog of the southern
traitors, and thereupon every sympathizing cur
in the free States, with his mouth frothing with
treason, barks out, " New England must be hum*
bled." Now, air, what does all this mean?
What has New England done that demagogues
should now threaten to drive her out of the Union ?
Has she failed or faltered in the least in this great
struggle for constitutional freedom ? Her soldiers
are found in every battle; and every field of con-
flict has been whitened with the bones and fertil-
ized with tlie blood of her most patriotic children.
Mr. Speaker, I shall enter upon no encomium
upon Now England; in the language of her im-
mortal Webster—
" She needs none. There she R Behold her, and judge
for yourselves. Theie is her history; the world knows it
hyheait. The past, at least, is secure. There is Boston
and Concord and Lexington and Bunker Hill; and there
they will remain forever. The bones of her sons, falling in
the great struggle for independence, now lie mingled with
the soil of every State trom New England to Georgia; and
there they will he foiever. And, sir, where American liberty
rat<ed its* first voice, and where its youth was nurtured and
sustained, there it still lives, in the strength of its manhood
and full ot'iU> original spirit."
Sir, leave New England out of the Union, and
what a Union would-be left to us 1 But gentlemen
say they do not contemplate this. Why, then,
tdlk about it? Is all this tirade against New Eng-
land a mere rhetorical flourish? Does it mean
nothing? Why, sir,this cry commenccd in Rich-
mond , and soon thereafter we find honorable gen-
tlemen leaving their pl&ces in this House to ha-
rangue the multitude in the city of New York,
representing the people of the West as saying,
"New England fanaticism and speculation have
made disunion ! New England stands in the way
of reunion ! Perish New England, that the Union
may live." Can any man fail to see that oil such
attacks, at this time, upon any of the loyal States
can have but one effect—to cause dissensions
among those who should be friends? These at-
tacks on New England, sir, can have no other
purpose than to produce a division at the North,
for the object, and the only object, of aiding the
rebels of the South in this struggle. This, sir, is
the only hope of the rebels in this contest against
the Union. General Johnston, commander of one
of the rebel armies, said some months since, that
he did nvi expcct to conquer (he North by force of
arms, but he did expect to conquer by the force of
northern dissensionsThis is the expectation all
through rebeldom, and keeps the war spirit up in
the South. The Richmond Despatch says:
"Illinois is a powerful State of the great Northwest,
whose real interests arc just as hostile to Puritan New Eng-
land as our own. That she should take thid decided stand
against the abolitionism, fanaticism, and malignity of New
England is a sign of the times at the Noah that is full of
significance, ft cannot but be regarded as the outgiving of
tin- impatience of the J*uutan rule that must ultimately term-
mate in a moie formidable ic^istanee Jo it, and separation
fiom the detestable portion of the Union, wluch has been the
source, of ail the ttoubles among the States, as it has been
of all the new schools of philosophy and religion which have
so fearfully demoiali/.ed society at the North."
The Despatch adds, as explanatory of its in-
terest in this attack of its allies on New England:
"Tlie only means of sccuung our independence is the
sure one of increasing the discord among our enemies, and
rendering ceitain the breaking up of the Federal Union.
Thi* event its neccs^ary to the just completion of that horrid
drama now being enacted, by the punishment, the isolation
m miseiy, of that race of men whoso villainies have con-
jured up all the national woes which now fill this conti-
nent."
And again: the Charleston (South Carolina)
Courier hails the disunion movement with great
joy. It says:
"They hate the sniveling, intolerant, sordid, mean Yan-
kees as heartily as we of the South do; and such a people
oan and must appreciate the tine and noble qualities wa
