1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is not sustained by the
•Military Committee, I will not press it.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas withdraw the amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. I shall, if it is not sustained
by the Military Committee. I understood they
were in favor of it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It has never
been before the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was placed in my hands, but I felt that we
could not carry it here if we undertook to put it
on the bill, and I did not make the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. At the suggestion of the
chairman, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill, unless the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts can give me some reason for so
large an increase of the medical fotce of the reg-
ular Army. It will be noticed that these appoint-
ments are for the regulars. The regular Army is
very small. It is great, nominally; but it has
continued to be small; and I have heard no com-
plaint that there were not enough surgeons to
perform the duty required of them in the regular
Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 2. be it further cnactcd, That there shall be
added to the present medical cm ps of the Army one Assistant
Siugeon Geneial, two medical inspectors general, twenty
6Uigeoiis, ami lorry assistant surgeons, to be promoted and
appointed in uccoidance with the existing Saws; also ten
modioal storekeepers mul as many medical cadets as the
Surgeon Geneial may deem necessary for the public service.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senatorfrom Maine will not press that motion,
so far, at any iate, as the twenty surgeons and
forty assistant surgeons are concerned. If the
Senator insists on striking out the one Assistant
Surgeon General and the two medical inspectors,
that is another thing. That relates to the man-
agement and direction of the office. The other
portion of the section provides for the appoint-
ment of twenty additional surgeons and forty as-
sistant surgeons. If we pass the bill, the assistant
surgeons will be examined, and twenty of them
will be^jWomoted to be surgeons; and then we shall
add what the law allows and what this bill pro-
poses to the number of assistant surgeons. Sir,
we want suigeons. Nobody denies that. We
aie employing from fifteen hundred to sixteen
hundred surgeons outside of the seivice. A por-
tion of those surgeons are receiving $80 a month;
another portion $100; and another portion §120
or $130. These surgeons have not been examined.
It is true they are under the direction of the Sur-
geon General; but everybody admits that, other
things being the same, they cannot be equal to
surgeons in the servicc; and thes e men aie only
appointed during the existing rebellion.
The assistant surgeons who have had two or
three years'experience, and who have been em-
ployed in important positions, are certainly better
qualified than new men, who would be hiredund
Drought into the service as contract surgeons.
Much of our difficulty, much that has brought
dishonor and disgrace on the medical management
of the Army, has grown out of these contiact
surgeons. The Surgeon General has probably re-
moved more of these contract surgeons for bad
conduct than have been removed and dismissed in
any other department of the Aimy; and there are
others who ought to be dismissed. Some of them
have discharged soldiers and taken money for it.
Of course, wherever the cases were found out,
they were at once dismissed. A case of that kind
happened the other day at this convalescent camp.
Now, sir, we want this medical knowledge; wc
want this medical force; and with this enormous
army in the field, the addition here proposed is
but a small one. They are not to be always em-
ployed with the regulars. They are to be employed
in hospitals, at the head of brigades, corps, and
the grand divisions of the Aimy.
GRiMES. Where are you going to get
these men from r
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We shall
get the twenty surgeons who ate to be appointed
by promoting twenty of the assistant surgeons,
and then we shall add forty to the number of as-
sistant surgeons.
Mr. GRIMES. Where are you going to get
them from?
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Those we
shall pick up in the country. They will have to
come before an examining board. Your hired
surgeons do not do that. Your hired surgeons
are notexamined by a medical board to ascertain
their skill in their profession. A medical board is
to examine all these men, and the men who are to
be promoted are all to be examined. I am told
thatsuch was the quality of the men that came up
for examination before the medical board sitting
in this city, that they rejected every one they ex-
amined for two weeks.
Mr. GRIMES, The Senator will allow me to
ask him what is the number of soldiers now in
the regular Army of the United States?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I cannot tell
precisely the number; about twenty-five or thirty
thousand. We are entitled to forty-seven thou-
sand, but they have not been filled up.
Mr. GRIMES. We can get surgeons at any
time; but I will ask the Senator how many sur-
geons and assistant surgeons arc there now in the
regular Army of the United States?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have not
counted them up. They are heie in the Army
Register. The Senator can count thorn up in a
moment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what will
be the ratio, when this bill passes, of surgeons and
assistant smgeons in the regular Army as com-
pared with the numbe'r of privates in it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
must know that it matters not about that ratio.
We want them not only for the regular Army,
but for the volunteers. In reality, if we could get
to-day five or six hundred good surgeons, qual-
ified for their places, it would be one of the great-
est blessings that could befall this country. Wc
have not got them, and cannot get them. We are
short of surgeons, and above all we are short of
good surgeons.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator has already stated
what we ail know, that if we allow this increase
to the regular surgeons, we have got to take them
from civil life.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. For assist-
ant surgeons.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, I should like to know
how the service is going to be benefited by adding
them to the regular Army rather than taking them
into the volunteer service.
Mr. HALE. They will wear shoulder straps.
Mr. GRIMES. They will wear shoulder straps
in either event. I do not see, therefore, the dis-
tinction that the Senator draws between surgeons
in the regular Army and in the volunteers, unless
it he (which, I fear, may be the case) that when
this war is over—which I trust will be shortly
—these men are to be retained in the regular
Army, and that I wish to avoid.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, so far as retaining these men in the regular
Army is concerned, that will depend on the will of
Congress. Do not Senators suppose that we shall
have to reorganize this Army when the present
war is over ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The seventh section con-
flues th^appointment of these officers to the pres-
ent war.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Certainly
it does.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is the advantage, then,
in appointing them in the regulars instead of the
volunteei s?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will tell
the Senator. We now have in the Army a great
many assistant surgeons, who passed through a
regular examination puor to obtaining that posi-
tion. The Senator will find in the book he holds
in his hand a long list nf them. He will find that
those men have had experience in the service
varying from five and six years down to a few
months. If you take two men of perhaps equal
talent and knowledge, of course the one who had
the advantage of two or three years' experience
would be preferred. We propose to take twenty
of those men, reexamine them as the law requires,
and make them surgeons. Then we propose to
go to the country and selcctforty, who shall pass
an examination, to be added to the list of assist-
ant surgeons. These appointments are to con-
tinue only during the war. Of course the men j
who have been connccted with the Army as as- ,
sistant surgeons will have more experience than j
those who have not been in the service at all. i
Then the sixth section of the bill adds fifty sur-
geons and two hundred and fifty assistant sur-
geons, during the war, to the volunteer forces-
Let me say to Senators it is a great deal, better
to have surgeons regularly appointed thantohavd
contract surgeons. The opinion of those whoara
acquainted with the matter is unanimous on that
point. There is no danger of our employing too
many surgeons. We need them, and have got.
to employ them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Sena-tor has re-
peatedly said that all there is of this matter in the
second and third sections—for I see now thatone
is necessarily dependent upon the other—is this:
to raise twenty assistant surgeons, who have not
served the regular time to become surgeons, to
the rank of surgeons. That is the whole object,
aim, and end of those two sections.
Mr. COLLAMER. To brevet them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; to make thorn
regular surgeons. The law as it now stands re-
quires that an assistant surgeon, before he be-
comes a surgeon—for when he goes into the Army
he goes into it for life—shall serve for five years
as assistant.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow me,
there are but six assistant surgeons who have
been five years in the service, so that they can be
promoted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how-
many there are ; but there are twenty to be pro-
moted at any rule.
Mr. GRIMES. There are fourteen on the
Register.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are twenty to be
promoted, and I take the word of the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts for it.
Now, it is found by these gentlemen that they
do not get along quite fast enough. They were
well contented to go hnto the Army, to enter un-
der the law as it stood, to be made assistant sur-
geons, and to serve five years,and then become
surgeons; but at the office it is found a very con-
venient way of cutting all that short by saying the
regular Army shall be increased, and therefore the
natural way of increasing it is, in the first place,
to make the assistant surgeons who have not
served five years surgeons, and then the rest will
come on in order. I want the Senator to tell me,
if these men are to hold during the war, why is it
not just as well to put the whole body into the
sixth section and say that the volunteer force shall
be increased by that number ? Do you not get
just as good men ? Have they not got the same
practice ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I do not
wish to interrupt the Senator, but the point is this:
You have this large list of assistant surgeons, men
who have ^een thoroughly examined, who have
been in the service, some of them for years, and
some for months. It is presumed that those men
by this time have some fitness for their places,
and that it is best to make a certain number of
them surgeons, fhfttis the reason why you want
to promote them. I do not wish to promote them
because they desire promotion 1 want to pro-
mote them because I believe in that way we can
get twenty good surgeons, better than we shall
get m the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. The honor-
able Senator goes on the idea that we are to lose
their services if we do not make them surgeons.
Mr. WILSON. They arc only assistant sur-
geons now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; what is the
difference if assistant surgeons perform all the du-
ties that surgeons do ? Sir, it is merely a ques-
tion of rank. There is nothing a surgeon can do
that an assistant surgeon cannot do? Cannot an
assistant surgeon cutoff a leg? Cannot he admin-
ister a dose of medicine ? Cannot he do every-
thing else that a surgeon can do, if he knows how
to do it as well > The Senator seems to take it for
granted that unless you make him a surgeon he
will not be able to do it, and that as an assistant
surgeon he has not as much skill, and does not
know as much as if he was promoted to the rank
of surgeon. My friend will allow me to say that
that is no argument at all.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Why?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they are there
in the service now. Will they be any better after
