474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
you have made them surgeons?' Shall we lose
their services if we do not make them surgeons?
Do they w&m to quit unless we do make them
surgeons? if not, then we have got them as as-
sistants whhout making them surgeons. Noth-
ing therefore is lost by striking out these two sec-
tions; We have the same men performing the
duties. The only difference is that it is pro-
posed Here to change the rule requiring five years'
service before the assistant surgeons shall be pro-
moted to be surgeons. That is the whole of it,
from beginning to end. It is not pretended that
we shalfloseaman by not doing this. They were
glad to get into the service, which gives them
places for life, and would be unwilling to go out
of it. They stay there, and they will learn just
as much with a shoulder strap of one kind on as
another. They can perform their duty just as
well; cut off a leg or administer a dose of medi-
cine just as well with one shoulder strap as an-
other; and, as a friend suggests, kill a man quite
as scientifically. There is nothing in the world
in these sections except simply to repeal the reg-
ulation requiring them to serve five years before
they shall attain the rank of surgeon. W[jy is
not that reasonable? ltis just as reasonable now
as it ever was. Why does the Senator want to
change it? Why does he want to shorten the
term? If he were to tell me that they were very
skillful and scientific men, and would lesign if
we did not make them surgeons before the five
years were out, that would be another thing; but
if we are to have their service as assistant sur-
geons, and they made thiscontiact with theGov-
ernment, and were glad to make it, why not keep
them just as they arc? Those sections are, as the ]
Senator says, intended for nothing else but for the
sole and simple purpose of raising the assistant
surgeons to the rank of surgeons before they have
served five years; and the question may as well
be presented in that way.
There is one part of this bill that I urn in favor
of, because I think with the Senator we need it.
I am in favor of the sixth section of the bill to
increase the number of surgeons and assistant
surgeons for the volunteer forces to just as much j
as may be necessary. They have the same ex-
amination as those in the regular Army; they are
subject. to the same lules; and if they aie to stay
in-just ay long as these arc—dining the war—we
should get just as good men, because the same
inducements are held out precisely. So far as re-
tales to that section, I am in favor of it; but to
all the rest I am opposed.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Maine has repeated to-day the same idea
that he has thrown out whenever we have had up
any bills in regard to promotions in the military
service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There arc a great many of
them.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I admit that
we have a great many. The Senator must know
that in organizing an army of seven or eight hun-
dred thousand men, we have had to increase rank,
and to add a great many lu«h officers in various
departments of the Government. The argument
of the Senator amounts to this: that an assistant
surgeon can perform precisely the same duties as
a surgeon; i admit that he can cut off a leg as skill-
fully; I admit that he can give a dose of medicine as
gracefully. I know he can perform these duties;
but alter all, he is only an assistant, surgeon, and
the Senator might just as well say that an orderly
sergeant would do as well to command a com-
pany as a captain. We have had the same argu-
ments made here before, that men of inferior rank
are just as good in the field as men of superior
rank, holding rank appropriate to their position
and the dunes which they perform.
Sir, it is presumed that the assistant surgeons
in tlie Army are better qualified to be surgeons
than the same number of men whom we shall be
likely to select from those who have not been in the
service atall. 1 do not think the Senator will doul>t
that. Take two men of equal capacity and equal
character; make one an assistant surgeon in-the
Army; give him the large experience which he
could acquire durmg this rebel lion, and the Senator
would pronounce that that man was better fitted
to take caie of a hospital, or to be placed at the
head of a division or of a corps or of an army m
the field than the other man who had not had this
experience. Now, sir, we have this class of men;
they have this experience. We want surgeons;
and it is proposed that we shall take some of them
from these assistant surgeons. We want to give
them the authority and command of a surgeon
wherever they may go. You may take the most
skillful and experienced of our assistant surgeons,
the oldest man on the list, who has not been there
five years, a man who entered in 1859 or 18G0,
and who has had all this experience, and you may
put him in a hospital, and he is under a new man
who never saw a hospital before, but who may
happen to be assigned to duty there as a surgeon.
The assistant surgeon who has had experience is
under the controland direction of that surgeon.
The men who are put in command of the hospitals
from civil life have the same rank temporarily as
those in the Army. A surgeon is a major; an
assistant surgeon is simply a captain.
There ia another reason for this section. I think
that when we want more surgeons, the men who
are assistant surgeons, who have had all the ex-
perience they could acquire in that position are
entitled to thatpromotion; anfl i think it is but fair
and just that they should have it. The same rule
should apply to them that applies to other officers
of the Army; and when officers of a higher grade
are needed, we should take them from the rank
below, who have experience in the duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. According to the Sena-
tor's argument, if a man has entered the Army
and served for a year as lieutenant he is entitled
to be a captain. According to his argument, it i
will be very unjust, that all of them, who have j
served a year as lieutenants, should not be made
captains; and 1 suppose he would make their wives
and daughters captains too.
^M'r. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If we have
to appoint officers, is it not better to promote those
men who have had experience than to put new
men in the service ? Do we not act upon that prin-
ciple ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, we do not act upon
it. If we raise new regiments we do not go to the
old regiments to pick out the officers.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. A portion
of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The great majority, in-
deed nearly ail but two or three of the officers in !
every new regiment, have been taken from civil •
life, not from The old officers of the regular Army. I
The rule is notas the Sunatorsupposes. U'hatrule j
does not exist any where. The whole amount of I
the case is this: that because a young man has j
entered the Army on a contract for life, where he
is to stay forever, contiactmg that he will serve
five years as an assistant surgeon, he is entitled
to be made a surgeon, lest a man of mature years
may come in as a surgeon of volunteers and rank
him; in other words, that the assistant surgeon of
the regular Army cannot be expected to be ranked
by a volunteer surgeon, no matter what his stand-
ing, or character, or capaciry. That is the whole
of it; and that is precisely what I supposed it was.
The idea fiom the Surgeon General's Office seems
to be that these young men, without serving out
their time, without com plying wi,th their contract,
cannoUbear to be put under the authority,^ a sur-
geon from civil life, no matter what his rank, no
matter what his ability, no matter what his age.
You may talk about their experience; but they
may not have had a tenth part of the experience
of the civil surgeon, because they are young men;
your assistant surgeons are taken from young men !
just entering into practice; and the idea is that it
is unjust to them that they should serve under any
of the surgeons who are appointed from civil life !
I can agree to no such idea. I do not recognize
that distinction between the regulars and the volun-
teers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
| which is to strike out the second section of the bill,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I include the third section
! also.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then theamend-
ment is to strike out the second and third sections.
Mr. POMEROY, These sections have some-
thing more in them than provision for surgeons
and assistant surgeons. Thesecond section pro-
vides for medical storekeepers and cadets. At
present we have only six medical storekeepers
for the whole Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be provided for
in the sixth section, if necessary,
Mr. RICE. That number has t>een more than
doubled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not want the med-
ical cadets for the regular Army. The clause in
relation to them can be attached to the sixth sec-
tion, which refers to the volunteers.
Mr. POMEROY. All these officers are really
to be only volunteer officers, because "they stay
only during the existence of the rebellion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what is the use of
putting them in the regular Army?
Mr. POMEROY. If they are retained in the
bill, I would as soon have them m the sixth sec-
tion as any other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If a few additional medi
cal storekeepers are required, I have no objection
to putting m a provision for them.
Mr. RlCE. Perhaps reasons can be given to
show that we have plenty now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then let my motion stand
as it is, to strike out the second and third sections;
because if that motion pievails, whatever may be
necessary can be attached to the sixth section.
M r. POM EROY. 1 n regard to the medical cadets
or dressers, it should be remembered that we have
over two hundred,perhaps two hundred and fifty,
hospitals.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have said that I am will-
ing to provide for them afterwards, in an amend-
ment to the sixth section.
Mr. POMEROY. If that provision is retained
in the bill, I do not care in what section it if.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. The first section of th   bill
having been perfected, so far as any gentleman de-
sires to perfect it, it is now in order, I suppose, to
propose a substitute for it. I therefore move to
strike out the whole of the section as it stands,
after the enacting clause, and insert in lieu of it:
That the fourteenth section of the act entitled "An act
to provide for the better organization of the military estab-
lishment" be so amended a* to read as follows: that there
may be allowed in hospital*, to bo provided undersueh rules
as the Surgeon Geneia) ol the. Army, with the approval of the
Secietaiy of War, may pi-e&cribe, all such articles as may
be necessary foi the proper diet and comfort of the sick and
wounded. ^
I wish to state briefly that after all the amend -
ments which have taken place to the first section,
it still leaves the impression, which I take it the
Senator from Massachusetts entertains, that the
diet of the sick in hospitals is confined to what can
be got from the commutation of the ration. I am
unwilling to have that idea prevail.. I want some
broader means than that. I wish to have it un-
derstood that what is needed in the hospitals can
be provided at any rate^ and not confined to any
particular fund. The fourteenth section of the act
to which I refer in the amendment did probably
mean to extend it, but it enumerated some arti-
cles, and confining it to that enumeration may
prevent some articles which are necessary being
furnished. That section is this:
"That there mav be allowed in hospital*, to be provided
under -ueli ru!e> as the Surgeon General of the Army, with
j the approval of ihe Pecretaty of War, may prescube, such
j quantities ot fre.-li and pre.-erved fruits, milk oi butter, and
j ot eggs, as may be necessary for the pioper diet,'' &c.
This enumerates certain articles which may be
included in these rules, and it stops at that; and it
may be that this enumeration does not furnish all
that is wanted in the improved diet table. I want
this limitation taken off, that is all, and let there
be power to provide for the sick and wounded in
hopitals everything that may be necessary, under
the direction of the Surgeon General, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War. I therefore move
this amendment as a substitute for the section
which undertakes to confine the matter after all to
the mere commutation of the ration. I wish to
take that limitation entirely off.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to add to the
sixth section the words and as many medical
cadets as the Secretary of War may deem neces-
sary for the public service." I say " Secretary of
War" instead of" Surgeon General," as he is the
person to judge of the appointment of officers.
Mr, HARLAN, I do not know ail the offices
performed by medical cadets, but my own im-
pression is that they ought to be dismissed from
the service. I think a large number of them enter
the service merely for the purpose of acquiring
surgical practice; and 1 think if their services are
needed as surgeons, we ought to increase the
