1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Vision, which, at the touch of ilie enchanter, would vanish
into thin air; but a substantial and mighty fabric, capable of
"resisting the slow decay of time, and o f def ying the storms of
age. Indeed, well may the jealous patriots of that day
have indulged fears that a Government of such high powers
iMight violate the reserved rights of the States; and wisely
did they adopt the rule of a suict construction of these
powers to prevent the danger. But they did not fear* nor had
they any reason to imagine, that the Constitution would ever
tie so interpreted as to enable any State, by her own act, and
vMhout the consent of her sister States, to discharge her peo-
plefrom all or any of their Federal obligations^'
And again he says, in strict accordance with
the spirit that has inspired all those who oppose
the present Administration in its efforts to put
down the rebellion and maintain the Constitution:
"The question, fairly stated, is, has the Constitution del-
egated to Congress the power to coerce a State into sub-
mission which is attempting to withdraw or has actually
•wltlidiawn from the Confederacy? If answered in the af-
firmative, it must be on the principle that the power has
been conferred upon Congress to declare and make war
against a State. After much serious reflection, I have ar-
rived at the conclusion tltab no such power has been delegated
to Congress or to any other department of the Federal Gov-
ernment
At this time no loyal man attempted to justify
this monstrous docrine, and it was generally de-
nounced by one shout of universal indignation
from the people. This, as every man knew, was
a deliberate invitation to treason, and, if acted
upon, must destroy the Republic. But not so
with my colleague, [i\lr. Vallandigiiam.] He
approved of this message of the persecutor of
Douglas; and at a convention of his friends in
Columbus, Ohio, on the 23d day of January, 1861,
was passed the following resolution, sustaining
Mr. Buchanan m his traitorous course:
" Resolved, That the two hundred thousand Democrats of
Ohio send to the people of the United States, both North
and South, greeting; and when the people of the North
shall have fulfilled their duties to the Constitution and the
South, then, and not until then, will it be piuper lor them
to take into eonsideumon the question of the light and pro-
priety of coercion."
Our country then had been at war for some
time; men had confederated together to prevent
the execution of the laws; they had forcibly seized
upon custom-houses, post offices, forts, arsenals,
vessels, and other property belonging to the Uni-
ted States, and had actually fired upon vessels
bearing the United States flag and con yuig United
States troops. Cut my colleague and*his friends
at this time were not prepared to consider even
the question of coercion. Mr. Buchanan would
not,and did not,consider it. The rebels persisted
in their work of destroying the Union, without
any effort being made to put them down. Mr.
Lincoln was inaugurated on the 4th of March,
1861; and because he would not pursue the policy
of my colleague and his friend James Buchanan,
and not even consider the question of coercion;
because lie dared to lay his strong hand upon the
slaveholders'rebellion, he is now maligned, pro-
scribed, and his record falsified. Mr. Lincoln is
assailed by traitors, because he has done what
Buchanan should have done, but shrunk from
upon the cowardly plea that it could not be done
under the Constitution. For believing that the
Constitution could not be perverted to its own
destruction, acting on that belief, and punishing
treason promptly and fearlessly, Mr. Lincoln is
now held up us an object of opprobrium. If the
advice given on the 3d day of December, 18G0, by
James Buchanan, and sanctioned by the leading
rebel sympathizers ever since, had been followed
by Mr. Lincoln, he would not have responded to
the popular acclaim of the people against the re-
bellion after the fall of Suipter; he would have
allowed Washington and Baltimore to fall into the
hands of the traitors, and these cities would now
be occupied by the rebel armies; he would have
permitted traitors all ovet;our country to revel in
their work of riot and bloodshed; he would have
encouraged clandestine correspondence with the
public enemy; and he would have taken to his
confidcnce the men who have, ever since the war
began, in every possible way labored to embarrass
the Government in its efforts to put down the re-
bellion. But because he would not do this, and
has labored night and day, in season and out of
season, to save the Union, and to preserve the
Government, he is assailed by every disloyal men
in the country as a violator of the Constitution,
an assailantof the rights of the people, of freedom
of speech, and the freedom of the press, and as
un worthy of his high position. Sir, there is one
very remarkable fact about the men who assail
the -President and his Administration. They can
never find anything unconstitutional the rebels
have done, and have no terms of opprobrium for
the men who have been killing our brothers, fa-
thers, and children, and are still seeking the life-
blood of the nation. All their denunciation is
carefully preserved for Mr. Lincoln and the friends
of the Government.
Sir, my confidence is unshaken in the mass of
the people, and the time is not distant when these
men wiii be made to feel their indignation. The
soldiers in the field, who have left all to serve their
country, are already beginning to speak out on
this subject; and soon the people will take up the
spirit that is breathed by our gallant troops. The
brave, unconquercd, ami unconquerable troops of
Illinois have spoken, as follows:
Corinth. Mississippi, January 30.
At a meeting of the officers of the different Illinois regi-
ments stationed at this post, the following proceedings were
had:
The meeting being called to order, Lieutenant Colonel
Phillips, of the ninth Illinois regiment, was elected presi-
dent, and Adjutant Letton, of the sixty-ninth Illinois, sec-
retary.
Colonel Chetlain, of the twelfth Illinois, stated that the
object ot calling the Illinois officers together w.i:- to adopt
resolutions to -how Governor Yates and the othet ofliceis
of Illinois, and nil out liicnds at home, that we are still in
favoi of the vigotous piosecution of the wai, and that we
will uphold our President and Govemoi m all then tflbits
to put down this tebellion.
On motion, n committee on losolutions was elected,con-
soling of the following officers:
Colonel Chotlnm, twelfth Illinois, commaiuling pout;
M. M. Uane, fiftieth Illinois, commanding third btigade;
Lieutenant Colonel Wilcox, fifty-second Illinois ; Colonel
Hiuke, sixty sixth Illinois; Colonel A. J. ttabeoek. seventh
LlinoK ; Colonel Mersey, ninth Illinois, commanding sec-
ond hugade; Lieutenant Colonel Momil,si\ty-lourih Illi-
nois.
The committee on icsolutions submitted the following;
which weie unanimously adopted:
u Whereas om Uovei nment i; now encaged in a struggle
foi the pet pet nation o! < vei y nghr deat to u* a-* Anient an
citizens, and i"(pme-; the uiiiie.t eflo.N of .ill good, tie",
and loyal men in ih beirdl ; and wheieas v/c have beheld
Willi feeling-! of sadness and deep ic;,iet the hitter p.nte-an
foohng t!i.it i- becoming dun:" i<>u-l\ vindu live and ma-
licious in our State, the tendency oi wiuen is to puiulvze
and fiustiate liie plain oi the Fedeial and State authouties
in then i Hoi is to sitppiOs& this mutinous leb^ilion . Theie-
fot <•,
*;1. Resolved, That having pledged our most cherished
earthly inteieMs to the semee of our common count))', in
this houi of national pejtl, we ask out fie-ncK and neigh-
hois at home to lay a-ide all petty jealousies and pnrt\ ani-
mosities, and, as one man, stand by us in upholding tin;
President m his war measmes, in maintaining the author-
ity :uul dignity <>t the Government, and iti uniuthug again
tin; gloiious emblem oi our nationality over eveiy city and
town of rebeldoni. * * 1 +
k*l3. i{i:satrctl< Thai we have watched the tumorous con-
duet of those nieinbots of the Leinslatme of the Mate of
llhnoi- who, mi-iepie-eutiug then constituencies, have
been proposing a eolation ot the wai, avowedly to anange
terms of peace, bat leaily to give time to the neatly ex
haunted lebels to recovei llieit stiengtii. and plotting to di-
vest Goveruoi Yates of the lights and iuitbotity ve-ted in
him by our State cou-titution ami laws, and io them we
calmly and himtv say, 1 Jlcivari' of th>' tc< nble ieh tlmtion
that is fulling upon your (oadjutori at the South, and that,
as your nime is' tenfold bluchei, >t ill swiflly smite you with
tciijold hot)or, should you persist in you) damnable deeds of
ti eason.*
-l -1. Rcsolvd, That in tendeiing oui thanks to Govemoi
Yates, and a^uring bun of out eoichal suppoi t in his effoits
toctUvh this inhuman lehelhon, we are deeply and leel-
inglv m earnest. We have leit to the pioteet ion of tne laws
he is toenfoiee all that ts dear to men— oui w ives,oui chil-
dren, oui patents, <>ui home.-,; and i-liould the lo;Wh-oine
treason of tin: madmen who are mi tig to wrest ftom him a
poition of his just anthonly it ndei it necessaiy, in las opin-
ion. for us to retain and ciu-h out treason there, we will
juomptly obey a ptoper oidei *•o to do, lot we d^pise a
sneaking traitor in the rear much tnoie than an open lebei
m front.
£'.r). HesoU'cds That we hold in detestation and will exo-
crate any man who, in tins stiupgle for our nattonal life,
offer* factious opposition to either"the Federal or State au-
thonties m then eiloiH tor thevisroiom piosecuuon of the
war for the suppression of this godle^ jebelhon.
<• 6. Resolved, That we ntoopposed to all propositions for
a cessation of hostilities oi aeompiomise, other than those
propositions wh toil ihe Government ha^ constantly offoi ed:
£ Ketum tolojahy and obedience to the laws. <m a common
level with other States ot the Utuon, under the Constitution
as oui iaiheis made it.; ,5
Lieutenant ColoncJ Morrill, of tho sixth Illinois, not be-
ing able to attend, sent the tollowing di-putcli. wlueh the
meeting deculcd to have inseited in tne pioceedmg-:
Gr,empale, >Jississtrvi, January 30, 1^03.
Coi.onicl: 1 am ^oirv to *-.iv that iudispo^irioji makps it
impossible tor me to attend on tlio committee, but I will
autnouze theeonimittee to sign jny name to any i<'-o!utions
expressive of oui uttei iibhoireiice of tne treason, ible sj in-
p<uhy shown tot oat horn traitor- at tin- North, and (-^peeia'iy
thosc'i wJio iuav have found then way into the legislative
halls of our noble State.
ile&pectiuliy, JOIIX MORRILL,
Lieut. Col. Commanding, GtcnJalc.
To Colonel Ciictlain.
Colonel Bane,liitioth Illinois; Lieutenant Colonel Phil-
ips, ninth fUmoia; Lieutenant Wilcox, fifty-second Illi-
nois, aad other oificera present, then addressed the meeting-
On motion, it was decided to have a copy ot the uisoiu-
tions sent to the commanding ofiicei of each Illinois regi*
ment m this distiict, to be read on dress pmade to-s.ioirow
evening, and be voted upon by the men of each leguuent;
also, that copies of the piocoedmgs be s?ent io Governor
Yates, the Speakers of the Senate autKlouse ofRepicsent-
atives of the Legisiatuie of Illinois, and to the Chicago
and Springfield papeis.
Three lousing cheers were then given fot ouf national
and State Governments, threo foroui old flag, and tin oe for
the Anny and Navy, after which the meeting''adjourned sine
Headquarters 7tii Illinois Infantry.
Sir: The resolutions weie lead on diess patade and
adopted by the men ot tins command by a unanimous vote ;
not a dissenting voice. S. K. LAWYER,
Adjutant T. XV. Lctton, Secretary.
% —
IlfiADQUARTERS 9tII IIlGIBIENT ILI.INOIS INFANTRY.
The resolutions were read this evening to the enlisted
men of tho lespective companies of my command, without
any commissioned officer being piesent, and the fiist ser-
geants have repoited that tho resolutions weie approved
and unanimously adopted without a single dissenting voice.
Your obedient servant, JESSE J. PHILLIPS,
Lieut. Col. Com'g Ninth Illinois Infantry.
IIfadquarters 12tii Illinois Infantry.
The resolutions adopted at the meeting lastevenuig were
lead at dross patade this afternoon, and they weie unani-
mously adopted The leyuneni whieli 1 have ihe honor to
command can be dependt d upon to j>ut down lebels in their
lront oi tiaitoia m then lear.
JAMES R. 11TTCQNNLV,
Major Cojn'g To elf'th Illinois InJ unity.
IIuapqlartfrs 50tii Illinois Im-a>try.
The resolution.-, were iead on dress parade this afternoon,
and weie unanimously adopted by all without a di-senting
voice. T. \V. GAlSfl'jH,
Alajoi Co?H,g- Fiftieth Illinois Infantry.
IIfadquarters fi^d Illinois Infantry.
I have the honor to lepott that the fifty second legnnent
Illinois volunteers, attei listening attentively to the leading
ot the lesolutions at dress paiade, and without woid or
comment fiom any one, adopted them unanimously (with
the exception ot ten men) a % thou sentiments.
E A. nuowx,
Major Cov^g Fifty-Second Illinois Injuv.iiij.
IIkaimjt' vrti'.iis oT't n Iminois Tnfanthy.
Resolutions parsed at the meeting ot Liinois othecis last
ntifht were rc.ul to the filty-seventh Illinois infantry, on
chess paiade to night, and heartily indorsed by evety man
in (he regiment, and three heaity cheers given tor them,
Govemoi Yates, and the Aimy.
E. FORCE,
Major Commanding Fifty-Seventh Illinois Infantry.
Tho sixtj~f(uu th and sixty-sixth regiments Illinois in-
t.unry being on outpost duty, have not ?ent in then icports.
JESSE.i. PHILLIPS, President,
Lioutcnfvt Colo'id Ninth Illinois.
T. W. LETTON, Set retmy.
Adjutant Fiflv't'i Illinois.
The Journal of this city has leeeived a let ten fiom a pioin-
ment ettizen ot tin- State, now an oihcci in Geneial Cram's
depaitnient, dated at Meinphi'-, Tennessee, Jamuuy '<i0,
IbOJ Jn it oecuis the lollowing pat.-nge :
tk General John A. Logan sa\s he would like to take his
division up to Illinois, and annihilate tin traitors there.
The Arm> generally would Jiko to send those tumorous
seonudiei- in out State and Indiana to that place whete a
drop of cold watei would ho inoie agieeable to them than
the sign oi the GoUh n Cncle."
Heio is pi oof coming from a gentleman whoso opportu-
nities, of obtaining mteimatton aie unsmpassed, which not
onh coiiespouds with the statement alreadj given of Gen-
et at Logan'-^view's, but which got - limber, and show & what
sort oi leeimg pinvails in the Aim\ aL-o. It agiees pre-
ciselv with tin: -tateinents leeeived heie fiom all ipuirteis.
'J'iiLie is indubitable evidence that the Ann} is lojal in
spite of the "stay-at-home peace men hcreawav,*' who
have neithet the ecmrage nor the pafriotinn to enter tho
Anny, but who ate tiying to demobilize and di-couiage the
Army by a dastaidly'" the in tho icai.1'
Tlio equally gallant troops of Indiana have also
spoken in the same spirit and to the same effect.
They say:
To the Donoi. tats of Indiana :
Having adeep mtc lust i.i the futuic glory and welfare of
om eouutiN, and believing lhat wo occupy a position in
which wo ean-ei( tlie elleets ot the political snuggles at
home noon the j^pe- and icars ot 1 he lebels, we deem it
to be (Hii dutv t<j -];eedi tojou openly and plainly m regard
to tlio same.
The teixds o{ the S mth m •> leaning on the no-thein De-
iiidci.ih loi ^np[>oit, and it j- unijuostfonnbly nne that un-
ju-tifuihi" opno-.tton to the \dnrm-tianon is giving'-'aid
and cuinhut to tne eiiotm.'' Whilst it e* the dutv of pa-
tuot- to o[)po-e the u-urpatiou ol powei, it i- alike their
duty to avoid ea>,t.ou.-ei it,ei.-m- that mt^ht eieato the veiy
evils which thev attempt to avoid.
The name of J Mnociat, associa'ed with all that is bright
and ulonous in the histoi) oi Liu- p''st. bc.ng siPiicd and
disgiaeed by demagogue*-, w 1 o ao' appeaiu.g to the lowest
piejudices and passions ot'out people We have nothing to
expect fiom the Soul!1, ami noth.-jg to hope \\iJh*>ut their
eone'Rst. They ar< ia.w u- lug theu money ireeJ} toMib-
shl;-//' the preLsuud pouticiaii" of Ihe Xoith, and with what
erfect, tho ton-; ot some ot otu loiunais .uid the speeches of
some or oui P\uh'is too plainly and painfully testify.
We see, with deep solicitude and regret, that there is an
undercurrent in Indiana tending towaid a coalition of the
