1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
while the unjust and arbitrary power of the rebel leaders
confronts and threatens us.
Crafty af- the fox, e  url as the tiger, they cried "no coer-
cion," while preparing to strike us. Bully-like, they pro-
posed to fight us because they said they could whip five to
one; and now, when driven back, they whine out '-no in-
vasion and promise us of the We^t permission to navi-
gate the Mississippi, if we will be "good boys," and do as
they bid us.
YVIierever they have the power, they drive before them
Into their ranks the southern people, and they would also
drive us. Trust them not; were they able, they would in-
vade and destroy us withoutinercy. Absolutely assured of
these things, I am amazed that any one could think ot
il peace on any terms.
He who entertains the sentiment is fit only to be a slave
he who utters it at this time is moreover a traitor to his
country, who deserves the scorn and contempt of all hon-
orable men. When the power of the unscrupulous rebel
leaders is removed, and the people are free to consider and
act for iheir own inteieats, which arc common with ours
under this Government, there will be no great difficulty in
fraternization. Between our tastes and social life there
are fewer differences than between those of the people of
the northern and southern ptovtnees of England or Ireland.^
Hoping the time may speedily come when, the power of
the perfidious and cruel tyrant of this rebellion having been
overthrown, a peace may be laid on the broad foundations
of national unity and equal justice to all, undcrthc Consti-
tution and the laws, I remain, your fellow-citizen,
W. S. UOSECKANS,
Major General.
These, sir, are the sentiments of the patriotic
men in our Army, without distinction of party
—the Democrat and the Republican standing
shoulder to shoulder in defense of the Govern-
ment, the vindication of the Constitution, and the
preservation of the Union. Sir, there arc thou-
sands of honest Democrats and Republicans in
every section of our country who will heed the
voice and example of our gallant soldiers, and
know no party other than that great party of the
people who have decreed that this Government
shall be maintained, and that traitors in the North
aa well as the South shall not go unpunished.
Sir, the Republican party is arraigned for not
passing the Crittenden compromise at the second
session of the Thirty-Sixth Congiess, and thus
saving, as these sympathizers pretend, the coun-
try from this war.
Is it possible that the men who make this chaise
do not know that on the 18th day of December,
18G0, the Republican party was in a minority
both in the Senate and this House? It was on
that day the Crittenden compromise proposition
was introduced; and at that time the majority
against the Republican party in the Senate was
fourteen, and in this Uouse nine. And yet it is
said by my colleague [Mr.vali.andigii am] " that
in neither the Senate nor the House" were the
terms of peace " allowed even a respectful consid-
eration; "all were rejected by the party just
coming into powei." If this was true, whoso
fault was it? Certainly not the fault of the Re-
publicans, who had no power in either Inaneii of
Congress at that time. It must be remembered
that the time spoken of was in December, 18G0,
months before the inauguration of jVlr. Lincoln.
The war commenced, as I have shown, in the
month of January, 1861, long before Mr. Lincoln
took his seat as President of (he United States.
Sir, if this compromise was such a panacea for all
our troubles, as some men now claim, wiiy did
not those who had the power pass it?
This same proposition was presented to the
Democratic convention at Charleston, and then
again at Baltimore Why was it not then passed 5
Hon. li. B. Payne, of Ohio, answered this ques-
tion by saying to the convention, i( we cannot re-
cede from this ground of non-intervention without
personal dishonor, and so help us God we never
will." In the same convention another delegate
exclaimed, "I feel, praise the Lord, that I have got
through eating dut. I have eaten my peck,and I want
110 more." Then it was that the Democrats of the
JSTorth refused, through their delegates, to adopt
the Crittenden compromise in effect; Douglas was
defeated in convention,purposely defeated,by the
slave aristocrats for the purpose of destroying the
Democratic party first, and the Union next, as they
openly avowed after their return from the con-
vention to this city.
The Crittenden compromise provided that—
" In all the Territories south of 36° 30' slaveiy of the Af-
rican race is reeogmzed as existing, and shall not be inter-
fered with by (Jonsres-.; but shall be protected by all the
departments of the territorial government dming Us con
tinuance
This provision applied to all future acquired
territories.
The Republican party had no power to pass this
proposition if it had been disposed; and I am
happy to be able to say that few, if any, had any
disposition to pass it. I certainly had none. One
of the very best votes that I have evergiven, and
one to which my friends may look with pride and
pleasure, I gave against this infamous proposition.
It was a southern confederacy that the South
wanted then, and no compromise; and she will be
satisfied with nothing less now, until we destroy
her armies and prove to her that she cannot suc-
ceed.
The Senator from Georgia, (Mr. Iverson,) said
on the 5th day of December, 1860, in the United
States Senate:
" Sir, the southern States that are now moving in this
matter are not doing it without due consideration. We
believe that the only security for the institution to which
we attacil so much importance is secession and a southern
confederacy. You talk about concessions. You talk about
repealing the personal hbeity bills, as a concession to the
South. Repeal them all to-morrow, sir, and it would not
stop the progress of this revolution. It is not your personal
liberty bills that we dread. Not do we suppose that theie
will be any overt acts on the part of Mr. Lincoln. For one,
I do not dread overt acts. I do not propose jto wait foi them.
We intend to go out."
This man, although one of the leading conspir-
ators, did not pretend that the election of Mr.
Lincoln, or the want of any compromise, was the
cause of the attempt about to be made to over-
throw the Government. The great complaint that
I heard from southern members was that we in
the North permitted our laboring men to vote,
while their laborers were not allowed and were
not capable of voting. They had looked carefully
to the census, and found that political power had
departed from them forever, that the laboring men
of the North, East, and West were hereafter to
hold the power of the Government in their hands;
and tiiey had determined they would not submit
to it. As early as 1850 Mr. Clay and Thomas
II. Benton warned the country of their schemes
for a dissolution of the Union. They then had
their constitution drawn up, and the man desig-
nated for President, who was none other than
Jeff Davis, the perjured traitor, now the assumed
president of the southern confederacy. But it
tailed then because they were not prepared for it,
and c.ould not induce all the States they desired
to take the fatal step in treason. They wanted
an administration like James Buchanan's, with a
Floyd, a Thompson, and a Bieckmridge, to aid
them to make pieparation for the establishment
of their confederacy based on slavery. And they
got what they wanted, a President and a Cabinet
to suit; and most diligently did they use the means
thus placed in their hands for the destruction of
the Government. They flattered themselves that
tlu*y had destroyed it. Protection to slavery was
not what they wanted, for that was never better
protectrd than just previous to this rebellion. Sir,
m the Tiiirly-iSixth Congress Senator Brown, of
the, State of Mississippi) introduced a bill for the
better protection ofslavei y, which received but two
votes m the Senate, the whole South declaring
by their votes and speeches, with the exception
of two, that they did not want any more protec-
tion to slavery. With these facts before us, can
any sane man believe that the passage of the Crit-
tenden compromise would have saved the country
from the present civil war? Sir, let us hear what
southern men m Congress said at the time on this
subject, which may be found in the Congressional
Globe of that year. Mr. Singleton, of the State
of Mississippi, on the 4th of December, 1860, in
the House of Representatives, said :
" [ was not sent heie for the purpose of making any com-
promise oi to patch up existing difficulties. I leave, sir, to
the sovereign State of Mississippi to detennine for hetself
her present Fedeial relations."
On the same day Mr. Jones, of Georgia, made
n similar declaration respecting his State. Messrs.
Hawkins, of Florida, and Clopton and Pugh, of
Alabama, spoke in even stronger language for
their States. Hear Hawkins:
" Willie I am up, Mr. Speaker, I may as well say in ad-
vance that I am opposed, and I believe my State is opposed,
to all and every compromise. The day of compromise has
passed."
Hear Clopton:
" Believing that a State has the right to secede, and that
the only remedy for present evils is secession, I wili not
hold out any delusive hope, or sanction any temporizing
policy."
Hear Pugh:
" As my State of Alabama intends following South Car-
olina out of the Union bv the 10th of January next, I pay
no attention to any action taken by this body."
Now, I take it these men knew then about as
much concerning what the South wanted as the
sympathizing traitors of theNorth now do. They
were the Representatives from the southern States,
and they all declared that they wanted no com-
promise; a southern confederacy was the only
thing they did want, and that they intended to
have.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have shown conclusively
that compromise with the South was out of th'e
question; they would not compromise with their
own party friends at Charleston or Baltimore,
and after that could it be expected they would in
Washington ?
Sir, it is charged that Mr. Lincoln was the first
President who had ever been elected on a sec-
tional platform, opposed to the " institutions pe-
culiar to nearly one half of the States." Is there
any truth in this statement? Not one word; all
false, sir; absolutely false. The Republican plat-
form, which was adopted by the party at Chicago,
declared:
'■ That tile maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially of the right of a State to order and
control its own domestic institutions, according to itsown
judgment exclusively, is essential to that balance of power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
fabric depend."
Where is the authority for saying that Mr.
Lincoln wag elected on a platform of avowed hos-
tility to the institutions of any State? Sir, no
such authority can be found, for the very good
reason that none such exists. No such author-
ity was afforded by Mr. Lincoln in his numerous
speeches, in all of which he repeated, in sub-
stance, what he said in his inaugural:
" I declare that I have no purpose, directly or indirectly,
to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States
where itciists. t believe 1 liave 110 lawful right to do so,
and I have no inclination to do so."
Will it be said such authority is afforded by the
Republican party opposing the extension of sla-
very into the Territories ? Sir, in doing this that
party was endeavoring to carry out the principles
and policy of Thoraas Jefferson and the Demo-
cratic party as it existed in the earlier days of the
Republic, when the name of Democracy was not
used by demagogues to cover up treason.
Who dare charge the Republican party with
seeking to destroy the sovereign rights of the
Slates of the Union by prohibiting slavery, a local
institution, from spreading over all the Territories
of the United States? The Democratic party in
every fiee State, through its Legislature, and the
State of Delaware, through its Legislature, passed
resolutions either in form or substance like tlia
following, which was passed by the Democratic
Legislature of New Hampshire in 1848:
u Wc arc firmly and unalterably opposed to the extension
of slavery over any portion of American soil now free."
This was the uniform language of every Dem-
ocratic Legislature in the North and West in^ 1848.
The Democratic party of the State of Ohio not
only expressed itself against the extension of
slavery, but denounced the institution itself. At
the Democratic convention, held in Columbus,
January 8, 1848, the following resolutions were
passed:
"Resolved, That the people of Ohio now, as they always
have done, look upon slavery as an evil, and unfavorable
to the development of the spirit and practical benefits of
fice institutions, and that, entei taming these sentiments,
they will at all times foci it to be theirduty to use all power
cleaily given by the terms of the national compact, to pre-
vent its increase, to mitigate, and finally to eradicate tiia
evil ; but,
"Be it further resolved, That the Democratic party of
Ohio do at the same time fully recognize the doctrine held
hy the e«uly father of the Republic, and still maintained by
the Democratic party in all the State-*, that to each Stats
belongs the rightto adopt and modify its own internal affairs,
to bold and maintain an equal and independent sovereignty
with each and every State, and that upon these rights thd
national Legi&latuie can neither legislate nor encroach."
These resolutions were reaffirmed every year
at State conventions of the Democratic party up
to 1854; and during all this time the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] was a prom-
inent member of the party sustaining these reso-
lutions. Could any man have believed this, who
heard his speech the other day ? A speech re-
markable not only for its misstatements, but for
its audacious attempt to hold the Republican party-
responsible for this wicked rebellion! Not only
did the gentleman and his party sustain these res-
olutions, but they elected Reuben Wood Governor
