476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
should perfoi m the duties or services of surgeons.
The act declares:
"That there be added to the medical staff of*the Army
a corps of medical cadets, whose duty it shall he to act
as dressers m the general hospftals, and as# ambulance at-
tendants in the field, under the direction and control of the
medical officers alone."
Now, sir, I can hardly see that this class of
young men whose qualifications are prescribed
also in this j>nme section; young men of liberal
education, who have pursued medical studies for
two years, young men who have attended at least
one course of medtcal lectures, acting as ambu-
lance attendants and as dressers in hospitals wilt
be vastly more serviceable than any other class
of men you can get to perform the same duties.
It cannot be expccted that educated physicians
will give themselves to that class of duties which
are here prescribed. The act of 1861 authonzed
the appointment of fifty, and last summer, in 1862,
we passed a law authoiizing the incicase of that
number twenty, making the whole number sev-
enty. 1 hope, sir, that at least these seventy will
be allowed to lemain in office. I should be glad to.
have the provision suggested by the Senator from
Maine adopted: let the Government appoint as
many of these young men—educated young men,
pursuing the medical profession—as tne proper
officers of the Government see fit to appoint.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. I have never
heard the complaints that have been suggested by
the Senator from luwa. I know that that Sen-
ator is in a position to know a great deal in re-
gard to our hospitals. lit; has means of informa-
tion that very few of the Senators here possess,
for he has a devoted wife who has given her days
and her nights to the cause of the soldier, and
could learn a great deal that many of us here could
not. I think, however, the amendment ought not
to he adopted; but the suggestion which comes in
here at this time takes me certainly by surprise,
as we have ;i law fixing the number at seventy,
and I think we had better not act on the subject
at all now. Let that stand, and we will make an
investigation and inquiry into this matter, and if
more are needed, we can add them in some other
bill during this session. I do not wish to ei owd
on a number of men,'or allow (lie Surgeon Gen-
eral unlimited authouty to appoint men, with tin;
idea to go out to the country that tiiey are not
really valuable.
Mr. HARLAN. I certainly should have no
objection to that couisc. leaving the law as it
now is.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn, and the
amendment itself is withdrawn.
Mr. KESSlSNDRN. 1 move to strike out the
proviso m the seventh section. It is reiuleied
unnecessary, the second and third sections being
sincken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine proposes to strike from the seventh
section the following proviso:
PiotiJrrf^ however, That odleei:* appointed und* i the-u
nets from the medtcal staff ot the Ami) shall retain then
respective rank theiein, with Mich promotion as they would
have been entitled to if they had coutumed to serve m the
paid staff.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POM F.ROY. 1 call the attention of the
chairman of the Military Committee to tlie fouith
section of the bill. I think thats«ction does not
mean anything.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am in fa-
vor of striking out the fourth section of the bill
entirely, as we have already <nnas< ul;it< d it. I
move to sfnke out the fourth seetion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know if
thcry is anything left of the bill.
Mr. RICK. Onlv th<- lii&i section.
Mr. FliSSKNDKN. The first, the sixth, and
the fitst pat t of the -stvrtilh section Maud.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The bill wax reported to the Senale, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred m.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
hill read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
hr it cnn<te<1, «\v , That the fourteenth section of the act
entitled, "An a<-t to provide for the better organization of
the military cbttiMuiinicut," Ijo so amended a& to read as
follows: "That there may he allowed, in hospitals to he
pinvided under such inles as the Surgeon General of the
Army, with the appiova! ot the Secretary of War. may pre-
set ilie, all ssuch articles a.y maybe necessary for the proper
diet and comfort of the sick and wounded "
Jlnd be it further enacted. That in addition to the number
of surgeons and assistant surgeons of the volunteer force,
a«s authorized by the existing laws, there may be appointed
fifty surgeons, and two hundred and fiftv assistant suigeons.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officets authorized to
be appointed by this act, and the medical inspectors author-
ized by the act approved the 2?th of December, 186*2, may
continue to serve as such during the present rebellion, and
no longer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. f now move to take up
House bill No. 582, for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of depredations and
injuries by certain bands of the Sioux Indians.
Several Senators. Oh no; let us go on with
military bills.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. There seeips to be a dis-
inclination to have this bill come up to-night. I
shall allow it to go over, but with the understand-
ing on my part—and I hope that will be the under-
standing of the Senate—that it will he taken up
and disposed of at the next sitting of the Senate. I
do not think it will occupy much time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts*. I move to
take up the joint resolution giving the thanks of
Congress to Major General Rosecrans. I think
it will take no time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
we have the olliual report of General Rosecrans's
recent battle, and I suggest that wo ought not to
! act on the resolution without it. That is the only
;i objection I have. So much of mortification abso-
|| lately has been produced by following these things
ij up m hot haste that I do not wish to be mortified
j: again. I have the highest opinion of General
li Rosecrans and of his light, so tarns I havemform-
'■ ation; but I really think he will lose nothing if
n we wait for proper authentic information. Weare
. all prepared to tenderloin honor, but he will lose
1 nothingbyooi piocei-dmgdehberately. In fact it us
more credit and more lionm to an officer that we
| pass a resolution of t hanks after the excitement of
■ the occasion has passed over and we have the full
official repoits Ixfore us. I suggest, therefore,
whether u is not better to let the resolution lie for
j j a few days until we have the definite, final report
,[ before us. That is the piopercoiuse, in myjudg-
- ment.
i| Mr. "WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree with
II the Senator from Maine in the principle winch he
!i states; but we have had a report from General
Rosecrans, and 1 do not know that we are to have
any other. The General-in-Chief sent to hun the
;j t hanks of the Government. ETowcver, if the Sena-
! tor lias any anxiety in regard to that matter, 1 am
>\ willing to Set the resolution lie over.
:j Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall, ofcourse, vote for
■; (he lesolution with a great deal of pleasure, even
'I with my present information; bull think it better
forus,and it will he more creditable to hun, to wait
. until we have the final report.
-j Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yeiy well;
!j let it lie over, and we can see whether we are to
I; have any more reports. Geneial Rosecrans has
ij already madea report, which has been published,
j j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
i withdrawn.
1 QUARTERMASTER CENEU.Y lAs DEPARTMENT.
:j On motion of Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
■' the Sinate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 1G3) j
■ I to authorize the appointment of three auditors and '
a solicitor for tho quartermaster's department, I
:i and to increase the clerical and other forye of the j
i dnaitermaster General's Oiiiee. |
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to inquire ofthe '
chairman of tiie Committee on Military Affairs j
:■ whether this bill is anpioved l v the Secietarv of •
,, War.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts*. The bill has
i, not been sent to the Secretary of War to ask bis
| indoixenient of it. General Meigs, in his report
;! to the Sectetary of War, which is sent here, states
;! the case very fully, and I should like to have that
| part of his report read.
!i Mr. FESSENDEN. Did it come in with the
'! Secretary of War's report?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
I ask that the portion of General Meigs's report
which I send to the desk may be read.
The Secietary read, as follows:
Cc The clencal force of this office, though a number of
tctnpoiary eleiks have been employed in addition to the
regular and authorized force, is insufficient to examine the
accounts with promptness.
" The number of ofiicer  making reports and returns is
very large. There are not less than one thousand regiment*
or parts of regiment* in the service. Each of these regi-
ments has a regimental quartcrmastci, who is in chaige of
valuable property, of which he is required bj the regula-
tions to make monthly and quaiteily ictnins. Undei the
law of last year he i< required al-o, if he receives oi ex-
pends any public money, to send in monthly accounts.
From tiic inexperience of many of tltc^c officers they
fail to render their account* and make their letmiis punc-
tually, and those received require collection.
"Fioni the regimental quartermaster alone thus over
twelve thousand accounts and «ets of lotunis aie to be ex-
pected annually
"The Imsjnde quaitermasfets and the quaitcimasters of
the regit la t Aimy who act a- duct a to Army eorp-^ oi ainiiea
in the field, or who aie in chaise ol the important depots
for the purchase and manutVictuie of supplier, are charged
with the expendituie of huge Minis of money,and then ac-
counts are very voluminous. There are now neatly three
hundied of these oflieeis, whos.e accounts will number in
a year three thousand si\ hundied.
Even officer comiiMuduu: a eompanv m either the teg-
ular oi volnnteei .Aimy i>  e^ponMble for the clothing re-
ceived by him foi if!-ue to the men oi his command,and is
requued to make quaiteilj letiut's theieot. As, in an aimy
ot one million men, there will be nor le*s- than ten thou-
sand company commander*, theie shouM be forty thousand
clothing returns received and examined in this office.
<k 'fhe eoi impendence vv uh ollk it-. w ho tail to maicc their
return'-- within the time lequned In the icmilatious, and
with those whose returns aie impellent oi ineonect, in-
volves much labor.
"After consultation with the e\-p.-ii^ncod officers and
cleiks who have heretolore peitoimed this duty. I consider
that it will require an addition to ihe foieeof this office of
one hundred and twenty clerk'' to evuninc in a reasonable
time the mas-, ot account?, and tctuins which have accu-
mulated dining the past year, and to keep up the coric-
spondenee npce>l-arv to settle the recounts piomptl\ lieie-
dlter, «md compel olficeis to make tti"ir icturns legulatly
and coireetly.
"The labor now imposed upon certain officets of this
depaitmcnt is too great. It l* ph\-icallj unpos-tble to ex-
amine piopcrly all the papers which niu- t be submitted to
the he;uh of ceitam branches oi the office. 'XMie eon«-o-
qnence is delay in the tram-action of public bu incsa. The
subjects of the njo-*t pie^stng unpoitancc at*1 attended to,
while otheihaie laid a^nliMUid sometime*, oveilooked. The
great duty oi tlu^ dep.utment i^ |o piovule toi and supply
the want- ot the Aimv Tin1- has |,oen aeccmplislied. Its
r-eeond duty, of no less nnpoi tanec. is. b\ pmpcr examin-
ation ot the repoit^. icMints. ;md accounts oi its otlieeis, to
enfoice a smet eeonomj in the disbuis'>ment< ot public
mone\, and a sti k I a,-<. 'nini.ibiliry tut tin: public pmpeity
m charge of u- nlheer-.
" The foice of tins' olfice ha* not been sufTieient to exam-
ine the accounts and returns piomptlj, or even to compel
theii icirul.ir rendition; and doubting the publicTiea^niy
and the public credttoi.s have sufleied in consequence.
"T leoinnrnend that Congies- be H'quested to author,ze
the employment of three otiice.t*, to be st\i«d cauditois of
the (juarteiiuasterS depattineut," who, tinder the dnection
ol the Quarteiinaster <*eneial. and acting by his authority
and in lu< name, may take chaige ot the adntnustrative ex •
airnnarion of the accounts and ictum? ot both money and
propei ty in this office. The dut\ is one ot high impoitanee,
and though technically and leg'ilh the examination  s re-
quned to he ma<le by the Ciuat tcinu«tei (ieneial, and should
be m.ide by his authouty and und.'i hi-s dneetion, it is not
physic.dlv possible tor him to inspect all the papers m per-
son, or to take action on an) but the more unpoitunt ques-
tions attstngon then exumination. The inisetiled accounts
now in this ofrice amount to .^iO.KOOO.OOt), and over five
million doliais aie in the hands ot otfieeis who have not jet
made their icturns oi ti.uismitted their accemts.
'• The auditor ot the cjnailerinastcrs depnitment. here
propo'-ed, '•luuild be person^ of high leputation. of business
capacity and experience, ami the salaiy should !)0 aiieli as
to secuic tiie seivices of well qualified men.
" The accounts of the depaitmcnt divide themselves into
classes, a* follows:
" 1. Clothing, camp, and gariNon equipage.
" k-2. 'i'tau'sportauon by land an<l \\ ate:. with all its means
and supplies, a^ animals, wagons, ambulance-!, forage,
steam and sail vessel-<, bo Us, and the men neecbsarj to take
caie of and manage them.
'■ .'i Kegulai and contingent supplies of the department—
hospitaK hanacks, and quaiteis. tuel, mileage of officers,
expenses of courts-niaunil, militaij boaids, and eonunis-
bii)iis. stattoneiy, St''.
" V\'itii a sufficient addition to the clerical toi ce of the of-
fice, with the tlnee otficeis aho'-e named to assist the Quar-
termasiei (ieneial, it is believed that it wmld be oosstble
to dispatch the business relating to s<>tt!< merit of counts
with that piomptness requued alike b\ ju-tiee to the mtei-
e>ts ot the Government and ol the officers ot the depart-
ment. '
Mr. HALE. 1 am opposed to some features of
this bill. I am opposed to creating an extraordinary
commission or an extraordinary character of offi-*
cers in the quartermaster's department. If he lias
not force enough,give him what is neeessai y. If
he wants one hundred and twenty clerks, give i hem.
But what is to be the character of these audi to!.s of
the Quartermaster General's department? What
will be the result upon their finding ? Will there
be any appeal fiom them? 1 think that it is a
