1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
claims to sustain the Administration has ever held
that the General Government had any power io
interfere with slavery in any Slate in time of peace.
But when war is upon us, and the slaveholdmg
oligarchy are seeking to destroy our national life,
then every man who loves our free institutions
and desires their preservation, maintains that the
Constitution has clearly given all the necessary
power to protect and defend the Government.
If slavery is destroyed by this war—and I have
no doubt that it will be, and that it ought to be—
it will not be destroyed because that is the object
of the war, but because that is one of its neces-
sary results, one of the incidents of the war, un-
der the control of a just God, who wills that sla-
very shall die that the nation may live._
Sir, on the 22d day of July, 1£G1, this House,
almost unanimously—there being but two votes
against it—declared—
" That the present tf eplorahle civil war has hecit forced upon
the coinitnj blithe duunioniU't of the southern States^ no w in
mm? o^ninsf. the constitutional Government, and in arms
around the capital
And I submit that it is not according to the rec-
ord to now charge the war on the abolitionists.
We have estopped any gentleman from doing this
by our recorded votes.
Sir, slavery produced secession, and seecssion
made war. It caused the rebellion in I860, aUo
the rebellion of South Carolina in 1833; it threat-
ened rebellion in 1844, if Texas was not annexed:
in 1850 it tried to rebel again, and in 185(5 it was
determined to destroy the Union. Slavery has
ever been aggressive; it is so from its very nature.
The South, sir, have, as I said before, carefully
studied the census reports for years, and they have
seen their power guulually, but certainly, depart-
ing from them, never more to return.
Mr. Calhoun warned ihem of this m 1^44, and
in his h-tter to Mr. Kinjj, our minintei at P<e is, h^
urged the necessity for ihe .iiuit xation of Texan
for the purpose,n« he said, of " adjustino;the equi-
librium between the,\orth and South, and In
the Mouth a political preponderance ui the. (uivcni-
mcnt forevtr.55
Sir, it whs this apprehended loss of political
power in the Government, which the South had
maintained for years by aid of the power 4>sve 
her by the Constitution, that enabled her to have
five of her slaves counted in the tatio of repie-
sentation to this House, the equal of thre< intelli-
gent white freemen of the North. Sir, if t he South
had hoi* full representation in this House now,
she would have about twenty-two Uepi e.senta-
tsves heie based ou hei ner>io Lives. i he Noi th
submitted to this as to Stater. because it is one of
the piovisions of the Constitution; but when it
was sought to carry slavery to .<11 the Temtoues,
and thereby insure, them to (he slave power and
make them slave States, and thus m>,lease this
ne^ro slave powet to a piepoudeinuce ov< r tree
labor foi ever i n f in ( o \ i nunr nt ot our eonntry,
then the Not th vrv pioperly decided against
slavery being extendi d to (he free Teiriiones.
Free hihor demanded tln> Temfoi ies for tree men,
and (hat demand was vecognized by the Repub-
lican n-irty m the pas^ w of the homestead
and the a< t excluding slavery fioin all (he T<vu-
tones of* the United Slates. With slaviy as a
loeal insf'tutioo, although viewed as a very high
crime rvjain.-t (rod and humanity, the people of
the free Smies never would have sought to med-
dle otherwise than by the power of truth.; but to
elavei'y as a political power, exalted above thy
Constitution and the counti y, and necking to make
every other interest in the country subservient to
that, they could not fail, without being false to
themselves and to their children, to affix to it, tf
possible, constitutional limitations. The rebels
of the South have sought secession and the estab-
lishment of a southern confederacy, not to pio-
tect bl.tvrry, foi they dedaied on oath in the vou s
and spa < he-> they gave against Governor fh own 'e
bill that they wanted no fnrlhpi protection for the
institution. Hut tbeydesir-'d that the aristociatic
and overbcanii'.r spuit winch slave! y engenders
and stimulates mi^ht hav fiec scope, unchecked
by the Oe.se -era fa. element at t he ballot-box, which
.'ovt-SJ country more1 than any material interest,
aiv/avs rejoices Hi the society of the mudsills, and
pa. lakes too much of tne nature of true liberty 10
be ablo to compiehend how or why, in a Govern-
ment like ouis, an arrogant minority should lord
it over an equally bee a/ai intelligent ronjoiity
Sir, the war is upon us, and it matters little what
were the causes which led to it; the rebels of the
South commenced it, and have trailed the flag of
ourcountry in the dust. To talk now about peace
on any other terms than an unconditional sub-
mission of the rebels to the Constitution and the
laws, is not only treasonable, but cowardly. Sir,
the men who do it are traitors at heart, and lack
the courage to commit the overt act. They are
Jeff Davis's reserve corps of sappers and miners,
and are so far as they can aiding the rebels in their
work of murder and destruction. If it be sup-
posed that these men are to be sustained by the
people it is a great mistake. The loyal mosses
of the people will rise in their might without dis-
tinction ot party; the honest Democrats and Re-
publicans will unite in solid phalanx against the
traitors to their country; these men, who by their
coursc of action are prolonging the war and en-
dangering the lives of thousands of our bravo men
now in the field fighting for the Constitution and
the Union, will have a fearful account to render
to an outraged people. The blood of thousands
of as gallant men as ever went to the field of bat-
tle will be found on the skirts of their garments
by their course in embarrassing the President and
his Administiation in his efforts to suppress the
rebellion and save the Government. Sir, the man
S| who in this time of oui country's peri! will not
|j sink the partisan in the patriot lias but a poor con-
|| ception of his duties as a patriot or citizen. Let
jj us all, tly.m, adopt the language employed bySte-
lj phen A. Douglas at Chicago, in June, 1861, in one
it of the last speeches he made just before his death,
,! while narrating what had been done fur the South;
ho said:
'♦The Milam wo icreive h war, armies matched upon
om eap.tni, oh-n nciion- and dantrei to our navigation, Jet-
tee- oi maiijue t<> m \ tie p.i.ue*, t<> ptev upon oui connni tee.
rt conceited movement jo blot out t!ie Tinted States of
Am-aiea hoin iln- imp oi the ylobc. The question are
we io main tain the eon tin y o( om father, or allow u to lie
•■til' tc< ti d<i\t n i>\ t how; who, when they no longei govern.
Uneaten to dc-noe?
'* The <•!(!! enj question a were crane. The elc< lion of
Lituolu is a !!•<■> i'{ni t'\r/. Tin: ptc-em y^ce-r-um movement
i-i ilie te- nil oi an enoi nioii*? eon-pitnev loimed nune titan
a veai since; toimcd hj leaden, in the southern conl'ed-
eiaey moie than t\V( Ive months ago.
'• Hut the* is noiimo fm detail of cause':!. The conspiracy
h now known, \itme- Iiuve been tailed, war w levied to
aeeoiiiphsh it. Then.' aie onb two Mde>j to tlnM]ue-tion.
I'iVM'y in.in niu-t he tot the United tflate^ ot a^aiu^t tt
Thcie run be no neulrnh m this irar ; only patriots or Irai-
lOI's."
Sir, this is not the language of a "copperhead,"
but of a true man, speaking for his country, who,
rising above all par! y considerations, sought only
the g;nod of his countrymen. JjCt all honest men
emulate his example, and rally around the Presi-
dent, and give to his Administration a vigorous
suppoit. This, m my judgment, wdl shorten the
war, put down the i e bell ion, and save the na tion.
Sn, after the authority of the Constitution is
established in every State of the Union: after the
old flag of our country shall iloat in triumph on
every Ineeze over the whole country, after the
rebellion shall ho suppressed and the Union main-
tain! d, then, and not till then, will I consider any
question of a paity character. The man who will
stand by the constituted authorities m the r efforts
to put (town this rebellion, whether he is found
m the Noitb or the South, a Deuiocr.it or a Re-
publican, that man is my brother, and f will stand
by him; and the man that will not do this, 1 shall
regard as a traitor to his country, to God, and hu-
manity. Our cause is noble. It is the cause of
mankind. There is no danger to be apprehended
but from our own divisions and dissensions; and
the miscreants who are attempting to promote these
by attacks on the Administration, and opposing
every effort for the suppression of the rebellion,
will yet receive their proper punishment from the
people. There is no occasion for despair; the
drsiiny of the nation is m our hands; and if we
perform our whole duty to the country the Gov-
ernment is saf.\ The errors of the past which
we have experienced will enable us to act better
in the future. A dark cloud may yet po^s over
our country; distress and calamity may aftbet om
people; but { am certain that this rebellion will
be crushed out by the force of oui arms, and ih"
Constitution will be vindicated, and the laws en-
forced.
Mr. VALLA.NDKHIAM. I do not rise to re-
ply formally io the ivmotkb of the member over
tiie way—1 cannot deweeud cpute that low—one
who was expelled from the Spcaketship of the
Ohio Senate some years ago for misconduct 
Mr. BLAKE. That is not true.
Mr. YALLANDIGtlAM. I will have no con-
troversy with the member as to that. The record
will show 
Mr. BLAKE. One word upon that point.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I prefer not to
yield. I will, however, hear what the member
has to say.
Mr. BLAKE. I want to say one word right
there. The record will show that the statement
of the gentleman, that I was expelled from the
Speakership of the Ohio Senate for misconduct, or
for anything else, is false. The gentleman says
he will not condescend so low as to answer what
I have said. I tiust in God be will never come
any neaier to me than he is now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has the member
finished his mteriuption?
Mr. BLAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I will pro-
ceed. On the 15th of December, 1859,1 delivered
aspeechin this House,a report of which the mem-
ber from Ohio has undertaken to quote from a
newspaper, although he had before him the offi-
cial report, the manuscript copy of which is in the
Giobe office; and he has selected the very sentence
in that newspaper report which I corrected pub-
licly in the House on the next day after it was
published in the NewYoik Herald. Having ob-
tained the consent of the House to make a per-
sonal explanation, I read this sentence from the
New York Herald's report:
u I am b'mnd to the South; T am identified with the
South and her s,)avc institutions."
I then remarked:
<v [ said nothing of the j-ort or resembling it, but just the
Sir, what notion of candor, fairness, and justice
has that member5 With that oilicial rccord before
him, containing an explicit denial of the report
which had been scntoutby telegraph from thegal-
lety here, made the next day after the report itself
was published, the member yet says, now three
years afterwards, that it was part of my spcech.
Mr. BLAKE. What are you reading from ? I
never saw any correction of this speech of the
gentleman.
1 Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. From the Congres-
sional Giobe.
Mr. BLAKE. From what volume?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. From part first,
Congressional Globe of 1859-60, page 171. I
stated to the House in reference to that misieport,
furthei:
*' I san! mulnnj* of tii^ «ntf. or rcsembline it. but exactly
the irvet-io. 1 satd f wt\< not n northern man, least of all
' a norihei n man with southern principles '—that f was not
a ^ouihein man. net - ti ue to the ^outh ' as South, nor to
-MUfhcin pnneipl'"'; hut th.it I w;w n western man, and
within and Nubordniate to the Constitution and the Union,
a uiMerp. bectionahst."
But with this official record before him, for the
purpose of getting up a contemptible, dirty elec-
tioneering pamphlet to be used against the Dem-
ocratic pasty of Ohio, of which l am a member,
he undertakes to quote the very newspaper re-
port which had been immediately and publicly
domed by nie upon this floor.
Mr. BLAKE. Will my friend give me the op-
nortunity of saying a word rijjht there?
' Mr. VALLANDIGHAM."No; excuse me. 1
am not your friend,
Mr. IiLAICE. I am glad of it. What 1 wanted
was to say a word in reference to the use of that
newspaper report, i t was a mere slip of the tongue
in calling you mv friend.
Me. VALLANDIGHAM. I yield.
Mr. BLAKE. ( The extract quoted by me was
fruin the New Yoik Heiald. t have the paper
hefiae me, published on the 16th of December,
bQ,V.). In looking over my papers the other day
for the purpose of seeing what soi t of a rccord my
filend—the member from Ohio—he will excuse
me a«rain—I found this paper containing this ex-
t act fiom his speech. I computed it with his
speech as revised and published in the Globe for
the purpose of seeing whether it was correct. On
looking to the proceedings of that day 1 found the
statement that the speech had been 4t withheld for
revision." I did not remember to have ever heard
the correctness of the Herald report of what the
member actually said ever questioned. T examined
