THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
btli.should pass and he should be defeated in his
motion, it bids fail* to relieve him of a difficulty
under which he labors. He says that General
Mei^s is an arbitrary man, and is in the habit of
faking sharp points. As the law stands now, he
has to audit all these things himself finally. The
bill proposesto relieve him of that, and to appoint
other officers who shall have the auditing to per- I
form,
- 'Mr. HALE. Under his control and direction.
_ ^ ;Mr. FESSBNDEN. Undouhtedly'under his
control;"but the auditing is to be done by them,
And of course the accounts will be settled by them
unless there is an appeal taken to him, and he over-
rules what they do. It must be under his control
necessarily, for he is the head of the department,
ft has always been so with whatever goes through
the quartermaster's department. Unless it is pro-
posed to bring in a bill saying that the (Quarter-
master General shall not have anything to do with
settling theaccounts in his own department, it must
remain so. The only question is whether he shall
have help in doing it, and somebody's opinion be-
sides his own.
Any one who considers for a moment what the
duties of the Quartermaster General are, must see
that he can have absolutely no time whatever to
look at the accounts in his department. That is
out of the question. It is as much as one man can
possibly do to provide for the quartermaster's
department of the Army without looking to the
settlementof the accounts. Any one who knows
what hra labors are, who has looked at them and
witnessed them, will see that it would be utterly im-
possible that he could give any particular personal
supervision to these matters. Therefore all these
things must be done by subordinates. Then the
question is whether lie has subordinates enough.
There has been nn increase of subordinate officers,
olerksj&c., in his departftuwU since the war be-
gan, but not to a very considerable extent. Now,
what do you find to be the fact? The chairman
has stated it; one gentleman connected with the
Quartermaster's department has stated to me that
the accounts come in absolutely by cart-loads. It
is hardly a figure of speech to say that they come
In by cart-loads, there is such a mass of them.
You will readily see that it must be so, when yon
have a million men, and over thirty thousand offi-
cers in the Army, and when you lemember that,
all those officers who are the heads of companies
Have to act, in some degree, if I may call them
80, as disbursing agents, and vender accounts.
Every captain of a company is put in possession
of a certain amount of clothing and articles for
his company. He must hand them over, and take
receipts, and enter them in the company books.
Those accounts of the captain, and of every man
who has a command of any kind, must be settled
at the quartet master's department. Besides, there
are theaccounts of the quartermasters themselves,
and everything in relation to the quartermaster's
department—you know how vast it is—must be
settled there, and must go through the hands of
persons who examine them to see whether the
vouchers are properly made out. A moment's
consideration will satisfy us that it must take a
very great force to keep up thy accounts of this
department. Suppose they are not kept up, what
is the result? in process of time, if the world
holds togetherand thcGovernmenthohls together,
these accounts will be* settled when they are
reached; but, in the mean time, howmuch loss will
take place, and what injustice do you do to the
great number of men who want their accounts set-
tled. Why should an officer's account be suffered
to lie for years in the department simply because
there is no power in the department to settle it for
the want of adequate force?
Why, sir, I heard ofa remark made by a high
officer of the Government, and I thought it was
not very creditable to him. When another offi-
cer was remonstrating with reference to a partic-
ular thing in his account, snymg, " I do not know
how I shall account for this, or in what head I
shall carry it," the reply was, " you will not be I
called on under twenty years, and you and I wili
be dead by that time; that is the shortest time in
which your accounts can be settled." Perhaps
that was a large estimate of time, but still any one
can see that with the immense quantity of these
accounts to act on^with the present force of the
department, it must necessarily be a long series
.of years before they can be settled.
' The question is that put very pertinently by the I
honorable Senator from Connecticut, is this econ- !
oiny in the Government, is it justice to the officers
themselves? We are compelled, therefore, to look
the matter in the face, ana inquire whether or not
an increase of force is not required by this changed
state of things, this immense Army, this immense
transportation, these immense amounts expended
for clothing and other things connected with the
quartermaster's department—I cannot tell what
they are,for I am not specifically informed, and I
may very probably make some mistakes about it.
These accounts are to be settled there, and ought
to be settled soon, within a reasonable time; and
the necessary force ought to be alForded for that
purpose. Whether this force is enough or too
much, I have not experience to judge. I cannot
tell with reference to that, whether he asks for
more than he ought to have, or less; but any one
can see that in regard to auditing the accounts
there ought to be somebody besides himself. He
cannot do that. It is out of the question. There-
fore there should be some officers who are com-
petent to perform that service, for they must be
examined by somebody and approved by him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The quar-
termasters alone have sixteen thousand accounts
an nually.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know one captain of the
Army whose case I will mention as an illustia-
tion. I mention itsimply because it has happened
to come to my knowledge. Ho has an account to
settle at the department; and I will say to the Sen-
ator that I hope he will not press tins bill to final
action to-night, for 1 mean to write an amendment
to meet the case of which I speak. I know of one
officer of the Army who was put in possession on
a certain day of a quantity of material to be dealt
out to his company. That same day he was
ordered to march, to start at once for the field of
battle, and he handed over the articles and took
receipts regularly. He had no time to make en-
tries m his company books; he had to inaich, and
was constantly on the march by forced marches;
he had to take his books and bundles of receipts
and start off. He got there in the middle of the
night. The next morning at six o'clock he went
into battle. He was badly wounded, and com-
pelled to leave and go home, as he did, leaving
everything with the company, his receipts, the
company books, and everything of that descrip-
tion. After he went home, the baggage wagon
containing the books anit receipts of the company
was lost, and every paper thai he had was de-
stroyed, or at least went out of his possession.
Be would like to settle his accounts, if he could
have a chance; but what probability is there that
he can get testimony of the facts ten or fifteen or
twenty years hence? That is onlyan individual
case. I suppose there are hundreds,perhaps thou-
sands of such, and it would be the greatest injus-
tice if, through the fault of the Government in not
providing the proper number of men to attend to
these things, evil consequences to individuals
should happen. Perhaps he might die m the mean
time before settling his accounts. Perhaps he
might be regarded as settling them in that way;
but I do not think that idea is to be entertained.
I say, therefore, that it is perfectly evident to
me, oil reflection, that we ought, injustice to the
department in the first place, in justice to the Gov-
ernment, in justice to the men who must have
accounts there to he settled, to give a competent
force, and increase the force; and this is recom-
mended by the head of the bureau, and indorsed
by the head of the Department. If the Committee
on Military Affairs have examined the subject and
say this is necessary, I must trust to them. I
cannot undertake to correct their conclusions.
They ought to know, and do know, very much
better than I can.
I will say, as something has been said on that
subject heie to-day, with regard to the head of the
bureau himself, General Meigs, that I have the
most entire and implicit confidence in his loyalty,
in his integrity, and in his devotion to the good of
the service, and his untiring and sleepless vigi-
lance. I believe there is no officer connected with
the Government who discharges his duties with a
more conscientious determination to do them, ac-
ceding to the best of his judgment, for the good
of the service in all particulars. That he has
errors, like other men, I dare say; but they are not
vfant of principle or of loyalty or of capacity, in
my judgment. I am, therefore, disposed to U ist
a great deal to him; but still I think that all th>;
recommendations of these officers with reference
to the force needed in their offices should always
be reviewed by the proper committee; and when
they are reviewed and approved by the committee,
I am disposed, unless I know something which is
opposed to what they say, to coincide in their
opinion on the subject.
, Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend the first
section of the bill in the fifth line by striking out
"auditors of the quartermaster's department,"
and inserting ii Assistant Quartermasteis Gen-
eral," and in the eighth line by striking outu and
in his office," and inserting " as are now required
of him by law."
I do not wish to vote for a bill that by impli-
cation will carry an examination of these accounts
from the Treasury Department, where they prop-
erly belong, to the War Department. It seems
to me that the names assigned to these officeis,
and these words, " and in his office," would carry
the implication that all these accounts are to be
examined in the Quartermaster General's Office
alone, and that he will have the right to make requi-
sitions on the Treasury which would receive the
scrutiny of no other officers except his own sub-
ordinates. I am not sure that I understand the
routine perfectly through which these accounts
now reach the Treasury, but I think that in the
first place the Quartermaster General causes the
accounts of his subordinates to be examined by
clerks in his office, that they then are sent to the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, who examines
them, and they pass from him perhaps to some
one of the Comptroller, and after receiving the
scrutiny of that officer they reach the Secretary
of the Treasury, and if approved by him go to
the Treasurer and ate paid.
Now, if the object of this bill were to remove
these checks, to remo\e this scrutiny of the Treas-
ury Department, I suppose nobody would vote for
it. I suppose that is not the intention.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is not.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me the name given
to these officeis, and this phrase, " and in his of-
fice," would appear to convey the idea that it is
intended to remove all this business from the Third
Auditor to some otherauditor, to be appointed by
the Gluartermaster General, or by the President,
to be under the supervision and control of the
Quartermaster General. We have not now, I
think, too many checks and balances, too many
guards over the Treasury. I shall not insist on
either of these amendments if the chairman of the
committee thinks they will embarrass his bill. I
think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator will not press the amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think there can be no
sort of objection to putting any guard about it that
is necessary; but we may getoutof the difficulty
without havingan Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. That would be another military officer.
Mr. HARLAN. I will omit that part of the
amendment, and merely propose to .strike out in
the eighth line the words, "and in his office,"
and to insert, " as are now required of him by
law."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think that
the Senator from Iowa, when he comes to reflect
a moment, will see that his amendment is not ne-
cessary. By existing laws the accounts of these
various officers go to the Quartermaster General's
Office. Of course he is made responsible, in the
law, for them. He does /lot wish us to leheve
him from any responsibility, or to give these offi-
cers any authority of that kind. He simply asks
that he shall be held to the same legal responsi-
bility that he is now; he is to be responsible for
what these men do; they are simply given to him
to aid him, and they are to examine everything
that heassigns to them to report to him,and he is
finally to pronounce upon it. If these officers are
given to him, he will say to one of them,<l I want
you to examine the clothing- accounts that come
in from the quartermasters;" to another, " 1 want
you to examine the transportation accounts—ex-
amine them carefully, report all the facts to me,
and then I shall finally pronounce upon them."
That is all there is about it. He is responsible.
They have no legal responsibility. They will be
responsible alone to htm, and they will bo in pre-
cisely the same relation to him in that respect as
