1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
found where intermeddling with the internal af-
fairs of other nations to promote pecuniary inter-
ests has ever been justified by the law of nations.
Indeed, I do not find that any nation has ever be-
fore had the assurance to set it up as an excuse.
The other reason is fully answered by what I
have already cited from Sergeant Wildman:
{( Even such interventions us aie humane and disinter-
ested are Illegal; though they may be beneficial in that,
thev are pernicious in example "
But the pretense of humanity, lest a servile in-
surrection should ensue, can hardly be accepted
as the real reason. Why is a servile insurrection,
where the hand of the oppressed is raised against
the oppressor, so much more cruel than an Anglo-
Saxon insurrection, where uninjured white men
steep their hands in the blood of their unoffending
brethren? Why is the overthrow of slavery so
much more inhuman than the destruction of free-
dom ?
This assumption of humanity comes with a
bad grace from those who exterminated the Arabs
of Algeria. When a large number of those poor
people took refuge in capacious caverns, a French
general smothered to death the whole of them,
men, women, and children, with the fumes of
burning brimstone. That general is now Princc
of Malakoff, created by the same Emperor whose
sensitive humanity makes him intermeddle in our
affairs. The Emperor professes great regard for
popular rights. His foreign minister says, u at
the same time it," the law of nations, " prescribes
to them the strictestimpartiality," France, when
she had made officious war in Italy, boasted that
she was the only nation that "made war for an
idea." That idea turned out to be Savoy and
.Nice! He professes to submiteverything to uni-
versal suffrage, and he holds Rome with his ar-
mies to prevent the people from choosing their
own rulers. He invaded Mexico under the pre-
tense of enforcing the payment of money due
French subjects. Mexico made every reasonable
• offer; and he now boldly declares his interven-
tion to be to control the domestic affairs of that
unhappy republic. General Porey, the com-
mander-in-chief of the expedition and plenipo-
tentiary, put forth the following proclamation,
which I insert m part, as well as the prime min-
ister's dispatch (a little out of place) to which I
have referred.
"We are come to know what Government you desire ;
and when the nation,, fiedy and lawfunj «'on«ulted, shall
have declared its wishes France will recognize them, and
unite its efforts with youis to make of Mexico a free na-
tion."
[" But this spectacle, which doe« so much honor to their
courage, i-s only given at the price of numberless calamities
and a prodigious effusion of blood. To these results of
civil war, which fioni the very fn-st assumed van propor-
tion^, there !•> still to he added the appiehension of ^civile
war,which would be the culminating point ofsom#ny irrep-
arable disaster-
" The suflcjnngof a nation toward which we have always
profiled asmcere friendship would have sufficed toexcite
the sincere s-olicitude of the Emperor, even had we our-
selves not MUTert.d bv the countciblow of thc^e events.
Under the influence of intimate lelations which extensive
intercourse ha* multiplied between the various regions of
the globe, Europe iu>el! hasMiffi icd from the eon&eijuences
of the criM* which ha& dned up one of the most fnutlul
Kouices of public wealth, and winch has become, for the
great centos of laboi. a cau> e oi most &ad tnals.'7
(- The Emperor lm<5, thercfoip, thought that the occasion
ha1* presented itself of offewng to the belligerents the tup-
port of the good offices of the mat ltime Powus; and lus
Majesty has cbatged me to make the proposition of this
Government to her Britannic Majestv, as well as to the
Couit of Russia. The tluee Cabinets would exert their in-
fluence at Washington, a?> well a> with the conferieiates.
to obtain an arnushcc tor six months, dining winch every
act of v\at, daeet or indneet, should provisionally cea^e on
tea as well as on land, and it might be, if neccstaiy, ulte-
riorly prolonged.
"To kn'ow what Go>£h2jment you desire !"
and "to make Mexico a free nation !55 How be-
nevolent, uninvited, to intermeddle by armies and
navies, and slaughter her citizens that they " may
freely declare" " what Government they want!"
This is too shallow to deceive. Louis Napoleon,
with the same towering ambition, but with more
prudence than his uncle, has determined to estab-
lish his power on the western continent. Mexico
presents a favorable point from which he can
strike this Republic now in our troubles; and
hereafter if his aristocratic allies, the confederate
States, shall become a nation. England of late has
foi <*ot her ancient dignity, and in concert with her
former hated rival perverts the law of nations that
they may become the police of the world.
All wars disturb the commerce of the world,
and operate injuriously on the industrial interests
of many nations. The manufacturers and mer-
chants of France and England may suffer, when
intestine trouble or forqjgn wars prevent their re-
ceiving a full supply of silks and teas from Tur-
key or China; but no nation was ever yet found
claiming the right to intermeddle in their affairs
on that account. Any nation has the right, even
in time of peace, t$ prohibit any of their products
or manufactures to any or all other nations. It
may cause distress in nations dependent on them
for the employment of their people, but that does
not authorize their interference with independent
Powers. It has been suggested that England and
France might intervene to procure cotton and re-
lieve the distress of their manufacturers. That
would be a violation of every principle of national
lawand of the independence of nations; for every
nation may close all her ports against every other
neition in strict conformity with public law. Eng-
land, to be sure, made war on the most inoffensive
and happy nation on earth, to compel her to re-
ceive her poisons and other East India commod-
ities. Rut no respectable writer lias failed to
denounce it as an atrocious outrage. England,
ashamed to meet the full responsibility, alleged
that China had injured and oppressed her sub-
jects; but she has never been able to vindicate
herself before the civilized world for the greatest
outrage perpetrated by a Christian nation. Her
dictatorial course toward Denmark does her but
little credit. Both of these allies are ready to
usurp the rights of other nations whenever they
may have the power.
The Emperor of the French has lately declared
to his Legislative Assembly that his invasion of
Mexico was with a view to obstruct the progress
of this Republic on this continent. Such an avow-
al aught not to pass without rebuke. The des-
pots of Europe ought to be taught to confine their
despotism to their own hemisphere. France has
lately seized the bestMexican port on the Pacific,
Guayamas, so as to be ready to strike California.
Shall this young and vigorous Teuton, although
temporarily ni some trouble, be suffered to become
contemptible through the moral cowardice of the
Foreign Depai tment? A stern, unyielding atti-
tude would cause us to be more respected than
all the fawning, cringing, and whining of the
meekest diplomatist. May God renovate our
strength, and give strength and energy to the
Cabinet!
TIIE REBELLION.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, it is now nearly
twelve o'clock at night, and that Saturday night,
too, and two working days only of the session of
this Congress remain. Under,such circumstances
I would not inflict upon this House what I feel
compelled to do to-night, were it not that I have
passed through this whole term of Congress with-
out having occupied any of its time in relation to
national affairs. I was in hopes when we ad-
journed at a late hour last night, against the re-
monstrance of the other side of the House, who
were so anxious to press the House to a vote,
that when we met to-night for debate at least one
half of the time would have been conceded to that
side of the House which asked this debate. In-
stead of that being done, I wish to place upon the
record the fact that this debate to-night opened
with a speech from the gentleman from Ohio,
from the Cleveland district, [Mr. Riddle-,] that
he was followed by a half hour speech by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Allen;] and again by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas]
in an hour's speech, and not being able to finish
his remarks in that time, although written and
mi?ht have been printed, as others have been by
leave of the House, leave was granted him to pro-
ceed, when a single objection made upon this side
of the House would have cut him off. After him
came the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Per-
ry,] who occupied thirty minutes, and took leave
to print the balance. The floor was then assigned
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr, Blake,] who, in
a controversy with his colleague, [Mr. v allan*-
digiiam,] occupied some fifty-five minutes; then
it was assigned to my colleague, [Mr. Stevens,]
who has occupied it until this late hour, also read-
ing what might have been printed. Thus, out of
nearly five hours' session, only one hour has been
occupied by this side of the House.
Now, sir, this is the way the evening has been
spent; and when one o'clock on Monday comes,
and gentlemen on the other side of the House
shall declare themselves ready to vote and insist
upon it, I do not know what the temper of gen-
tlemen may be upon this side, but they must not
be surprised if they find gentlemen here, who,
deprived of their rights here to-night, according to
the ruling of the Chair in assigning the floor, and
the courtesy of this House, shall insist upon them
then.
Sir, I am one of those who hold that members
ought not to intrude themselves upon the House
upon every occasion, because they think they
are competent to make a speech. I hold that
gentlemen ought not to occupy the time and at-
tention of the House and of the country with
speeches, which are not well prepared and ma-
tured, and therefore since the adjournment last
night, I have spent my time in one of your com-
mittee rooms, endeavoring to prepare what X in-
tend to submit now to the House. I will say in
all frankness, for I presume it is only out of cour-
tesy that gentlemen are listening to me; not to
the galleries, for I consider I should not speak to
the galleries if anybody was in them, much less to
empty seats in them, as they are now; but to my
constituents, and my constituents only. I should
not trespass upon the time of the House now did
I Hot feel it a duty I owed to that constituency
before the term of this Congress expires. There-
fore I will proceed, and endeavor to inflict this
little piece of punishment upon the House as
lightly as possible, and say to gentlemen that if
they want to hear what I .propose to say they
will have to listen pretty attentively.
Sir, the term of the Thirty-Seventh Congress
will soon close, and with it two years of the ad-
ministration of PresidentLincoln and the Repub-
lican party. Upon this I congratulate the country
as the best item of news recently noticed, and I am
quite sure the country will hail this event as the
mariner hails the day when he weighs anchor for
his return voyage, and as the soldier hails the
expiration of one half of the term of his service,
praying God to spare his life and give him health
and strength once more to breathe the free air of
peace at home.
Sir, the election of Mr. Lincoln was an expe-
riment, and a most fatal one has it been to the
American people. Peace and plenty, happiness,
ease, and luxury had so long abounded that it
seemed impossible to make the people believe that
they could really beendangered, suspended, with-
drawn, or lost. They were discontented. The
Republican party, through its press and its ora-
tors, held out to them that a change of Admin-
istration would vastly better their condition; in-
deed, said they, it cannot be made worse. As the
quack doctor points out to a sound, stalwart,
healthy man his strong appetite immediately be-
fore, and his plethora and fullness of stomach after
dinner, and at length induces him to take some of
his miserable decoctions, until diseases which were
imaginary become reality, and the patient actually
sickens and dies, so were the American people
induced to believe that they needed something to
remove imaginary evils; and having tried the pre-
scription,theyfound that ail theevilsand ten thou-
sand-fold of those complained of arc upon them,
and that the body politic is sickening to the heart
and to every extremity, and all are trembling for
the very fear of dissolution.
If that dissolution shall come, which all good
men fervently pray Pleaven to avert, how appro-
priate to the American people would be the epi-
taph which an old Roman caused to be inscribed
upon his tomb," 1 was well, wanted to be better;
took physic, and here I am." [Laughter.]
They have had i\ change. " It is but a step,"
said Napoleon, 44 from the sublime to the ridicu-
lous;" and it was but one step the American peo-
ple took on the 4th of November, 1860—a most
fatal step, a leap in the dark—a step which pre-
cipitated from the solid rock of the Constitution
into the quagmire and slough of abolitionism.
How all this was at last accomplished I need
not here recite. "Wide-Awake" processions,
with torches and oilcloth capes, have proven them-
selves but the forerunners of the tramp of armies,
their camp-fires, and all the circumstance of act-
ual, terrible war.
Who, before he had seen the organization and
growth of the Republican party, would have be-
lieved that the American people wore capable of
being so deluded, misled, and deceived? They
