482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
tion is to bring the Government back to the pet
bank system. If it is the object of the House to
combine the political power and the power of
capital through the agency of the banks, then this
section is eminently proper as a stepping stone in
that direction; and I do see in it what I believe to
be a step towards a general banking system, under
the power and influence of the Government. And,
sir, as that, in my judgment, is destructive of the
best interests of the country, I am opposed to it,
and I design to meet it at the threshold. I would
keep as far as possible the political power, the
political influence, and the political action of this
nation, apart from the moneyed interest of the
country, particularly through the agency of banks.
I am not disposed to fight the banks. That is
an interest which, like all other interests of the
country, should have fair consideration and pro-
tection. Certainly it is as strong as any interest
in the country, and should require no particular
protection from the Government. It does not
and should not seek to get under the wing of the
Government, and God grant that the Govern-
ment may never seek to get under its wing.
I hope the House will strike out the section.
We have already safe depositories. And on the
other hand the indications are as plain as though
"written on the very walls, that this polioy is a
step towards the establishment of a system of
banking to which I am now and shall ever be
opposed.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurring upon the motion to strike
out the ser.iidn—
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois,demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Keli.ogg,of Illi-
nois, and Mr. Biddle were appointed.
Mr.WASHBURNE. I would inquire whether
the question is upon striking out the pet banks.
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is all right, then.
The committee divided, and the members voting
upon either side one by one, the tellers reported
that they were unable to make a report of the
vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will order a
recount; and he requests every member to vote.
The committee again divided, with the same
result.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that new
tellers be appointed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The tellers can-
not report different from the actual count, not-
withstanding the desire of the gentleman from Ver-
mont. [Laughter.]
Mr.WASHBURNE. The rule requires that
if no quorum votes the roll shall be called.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote has not been an-
nounced by the Chair, and the Chair will make
another attempt, as he perceives there is much
more than a quotum present.
Mr. LOW. With the consent of the commit-
tee I will withdraw my amendment, if I can have
a separate vote noon it iu ihe House.
Mr. STEVENS. t will say to the gentleman
from California that I have not the power to make
ar^ such agreement. This is not my bill at all.
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to the
withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion it* not in
order while the committee is dividing. Wo must
settle this question fiist. If the tellers will resume
their places, we will make one more attempt to
ascertain the opinion of the House.
Mr. ALLEY. Do I understand that it is not
in order for the gentleman from California to with-
draw his amendment?
The CHAIRMAN, Not if objection is made; j
end objection is made. I
Mr. ALLEY. I understand the objection to be :
withdrawn. j
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. Well, I made the j
objection, and I have not withdrawn it. '
.The tellers resumed their places, and the com- |j
mittee having again vided, the tellers reported ii
ayes 51, noes 52. \\
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk then read the ninth section of the
bill as follows:
, Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That In order to pre-
test eajd panfsto e©uitt«rf$i.t!ngand fraudulent alterations of
the bond?, notes, and fractional currency authorized to be
issued by this act, all the provisions of the sixth and sev-
enth sections of the act entitled "An act to authorize the
issue of United States notes, and for the redemption or
funding thereof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States," approved February 25, 1862, shall, so far
as applicable, apply to the bonds, notes, and fiaettonal ciu-
rency hereby authorized to be issued, in like manner as if
the said sixth and seventh sections were hereby adopted as
additional sections of this act. And the sum of $600,000
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary ol the
Treasury to cany tins act into effect.
Mr. HORTON. I move to amend thesectionin
the thirteenth line by striking out "§600,000," and
inserting "$1,000,000."
The question was taken, and no quorum voted.
Mr. HORTON. 1 withdraw the amendment. #
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
for the purpose of making a few remarks, I offer
the following amendment to come in at the end of
the section:
Provided, That in section eight the words " the aggregate
of the deposits" shall not be understood to mean the de-
posits of savings banks or any other banks; but shall be
understood to mean only the average amountof circulation
of notes or bills as cunency.
Mr. Chairman, of course the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who
offered the amendment to section eight, never sub-
mits an amendment which makes nonsense of his
own propositions; but less careful of propositions
to which he objects, he has introduced an amend-
ment which makes nonsense of the section in the
bill of the Committee of Ways and Mr-ana now
before the House. I cull the attention of the com-
mittee to the eighth section as it now stands, as
amended by the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. It is as follows:
Skc. 8. Jhid be it further enacted, That nil banks, asso-
ciations. cot positions, oi individuals, issuing notes or bills
foi cuculutton a-j cunency, shall be subject to and pa> n
duty of one pei cent each halt \eur, fiom and after Apul
1, 16G3, upon the aveiagc amount of the aggiegatc ot the
deposits cnculation of notes or bills as cutreucy, issued
beyond the amount heioinalter named, &c.
What is meant by the " average amount of the
aggregate of the deposits circulation of notes or
bills?" Really i think it may puzzle even very
good lawyers to determine.
But that is the way the bill now read?. My pur-
pose was to call the attention of the House to the
object of the amendment, rather than to its terms,
and that is to tax the savings institutions of our
country, for they are banks of deposit, and of de-
posit only; those hanks whose deposits are made
up of the small contributions of women, of labor-
ing men, of sixpences and shillings, and which
do not not more than four or five per ccnt. in the
course of the year to the depositors, and which
are managed mainly bygenliemen who receive no
pay or reward for their services. It is a charity
to those unequal to the task of taking care of their
earnm^s. And of those little pittances it is pro-
posed the Government shall seize about one half,
or two per cent. In the State of Massachusetts
they have $50,000,000 of deposits m institutions
of tins charactei, and in New York there is prob-
ably a still largeramount. Jn my own State, their
number is almost one half as many as all the other
banks in the State; some of them have a larger
capital than the regular incorporated banks of cir-
culation and discount, and some of them smaller.
These institutions are considered a public benefit,
both to the lender and the borrower.
Now, it seems to me utteilv preposterous to
pretend that deposits are precisely the same thins:
as circulation. One inflates the currency, and it
is not so clear that the other does do that. Do we
not all know that men who luuc money on hand
which they expect to pay out, always deposit it,
when they can do so, in banks for safe keeping?
They then draw upon the banks with their own"
checks, and on those checks they pay a stamp
duty for every dollar they draw out. Now, rf this
new scheme shall be inaugurated, we shall not
only lose revenue to the Government, but we shall
utterly revolutionize the whole business of the
country. This system of deposits will not be kept
up; it will be cut up by the loots, and men will
keep their own money and pay it out instead of
depositing it in banks.
1 have made this motion merely to let gentle-
men understand the state of the question, and fo
say that by the courtesy of the chairman of the !■
Committee of Ways and Means, the majority of jj
the Committee of tVays and Means will have the ['
privilege of offering an n mend men t, or of having <|
a vote in relation to this point, when the bill shall
come into the House, winch will put the section
into the shape which may be thought proper.
Mr. STEVENS. I am jjpry unwilling to say, or
even to think, that my frjond from Vermont, ex-
perienced legislator as he is, is pursuing a course
which can hardly be justified. This whole ques-
tion was argued and decided yesterday; whether
decided right or wrong it is not for me or for him
to say. To-day he undertakes, by what I must
characterize as indirection, first to strike out the
section and reconsider the action of yesterday,
which cannot be done in Committee of the Whole;
and when the Chair very properly ruled that out
of order, he now undertakes by a like means, at
the end of the bill, to repeal the section which he
could not get at before. Now, i submit to the
gentleman if that is fair legislation? Why not do
as all the rest of us do when a question is fairly
settled one way or the other, leave it theie till you
come to another vote ? The gentleman from Ver-
mont knows as well as you or I do that when we
go into the House he will have a right to a vote
upon the very question of adopting that amend-
ment of mine by yeas and nays. He does not
owe it to the courtesy of anybody. It is a right
that he can claim, and the question can be finally
decided. Why, then, vex and perplex the com-
mittee over and over again by a pertinacious ad-
herence to this question ? I do not think it fair.
I did not expect it from my friend from Vermont.
I do not know whether he intends to call for a
vote upon this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not. I only
wanted a chance to say a few words.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I think that what one
gentleman ought not to have said another should
not answer, and so I have nothing more to say.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i withdraw my
amendment.
Mi. MA YNARD. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offor the following
amendment to come in after the word uact" in
the twelfth line of the ninth section:
And the piovi-ions and penalties! of said sixth and sev-
enth sections t-hall extend and apply to all officials of the
Treasuiy Depaument engaged in engraving and pieparmg
tlio bond'?, notes, and ft act tonal curienev hi'ieby authoiizca
to be issued, and to ali official and unofficial per->onsin any
mannei employed under the provisions of tins act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. I offer the following
as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enact ed% That none of the
moneys raised or notes issued undei the piovi&ions of tins
act, shall be drawn lVoin the Tiea-ury oi expended except
m pursuance of specific appiopnation made by law Nnr
shall any of said moneys be expended m the putcha&e of
ncgio slaves, oi to com penmate any State tot -laves by such
State emancipated, or Ion the puiposo of arming and equip-
ping negio ieLMtnents,nor for the maintenance and suppoit
of lugilivc slaves.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to offer a few lemarks
explanatory of tins amendment, and of the rea-
sons which have induced me to present it. Tho
amendment provides that no money raised m pur-
suance of the provisions of this bill shall be ap-
propriated or used for any purpose, unless that
purpose be defined and provided for by some spe-
cific. act. We all know that it is a fact that largo
sums of money are drawn daily from the Treas-
ury of the United States, and appropriated for pur-
poses without any warrant or authority of law.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman permit me to
correct him right there?
Mr. WHITE, of Ohio. I cannot yield if it i%
to be taken out of my time. 1 have but five min-
utes.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to say, then, that that state-
ment is unqualifiedly untrue.
Mr. WHITE, nf Ohio. Wo know, sir. that
tnere are to-day maintained by revenues drawn
from the people of the United States no less than
sixty thousand fugitive and vagabond negroes.
1 call upon the gentleman from New York fo put
his finger on the statute authorizing the use of the
revenues of the Government for any such pur-
pose as that. Can it be claimed that it is a legit-
imate incident of the war [sower of the Govern-
ment..' If this is a legitimate purpose, for what
purpose may you not employ the revenues of the
Government? Is the Government of tho United
States to be converted into a grand eleemosynary
corporation for thepurpose of naaintainingbroken-
down and fugitive negroes; and that, too, by a
