1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
had a country that extended from o<^:an to occan,
with every variety of climate, soil, and produc-
tion. The avenues to wealth, distinction, pleas-
ure,and power, were open to all. Gold and broad-
cloth, silks and satins, were abundant; and citi-
zens of the humblest birth, with a little labor and
good luck, were enabled to feed upon the fat of
the land. There was surely no want of intelli-
gence on their part, for nearly every house had
its library, and ncaily every voter could read and
write. Had they been contented their happiness
would have been complete and unbounded.
But there was a Moidccai sitting at the king's
gate; the people of the South had negro slaves;
they raised cotton, and camcJSorth to spend their
summers. Sometimes they brought a little negro
and a nurse alone:, to wait upon them. The long
bony finger of self-righteousness, envy, jealousy,
and hate", pointed at this, and it was denounced
as a sin to hold our fellow-beings in servitude
longer than twenty-one years.
This was the period of guardianship allowed ,
by the law to the parent over his white child; and I
forgetting the inferiority of race, the circum- !
stances of their importation and oiigm here, and {
the utter impossibility of their transmigration from ■
the country or their elevation to equality with the J
whites, and not stopping to inquire whether it was j
possible for two separate and totally distinct races i
of men to dwell together upon terms of equality, i
the Puritanism of the .North clamored for tlie j
emancipation of the domesticated Afucan,and to
excite prejudice, hate, and discontent, there wn.s
not an inconvenience gi ownig out of political sys-
tem, compact, or even fundamental law, that was
not ascribed to slavery The pulpit, ilie picas,
and the rostrum belched forth their denunciations
against it. Strong-minded women and weak-
minded men, mingling together m free-love con-
ventions, lemonstrated agam^t it, until the very
air rang with the cry office soil, free speech, and
free negroes. Fiee soil, that the institution should
not be allowed in the Ternforns; fire speech,
that they might bo allowed to go into the .States
where it exist< d and (here stn up sedition and in-
surrection; and free negroes, because that was the
grand consummation of all their hopes and aspi-
rations, The first fruits of this political miasma
was the passage of laws to embarrass the execu-
tion of the fugitive slave law, and to enforce the
lights, so-called, of the not them States, to pre-
vent negro nm.x sand sei van is trav  hnur with their
masters, and th: t othei State-n^hts doctjine that
each had the rii^ht to declaie negroes to be citi-
zens of the United States, and extend to tlwm all
the pi i\ ileges of white men—a doctrine at par with
tho proposition to nuke women equal in every
respect to men.
The dissolution of the Whig party after the
election of and the dn-banduient of the
Know-Nothing organization after the elections of
Ihoo, set all oat upon t h< political .sea a vast amount
of :<u liable nmtei mi tor the 01 j aui/.aiion of \v hat
is now the Republican p^ity. Indeed, after the
dissolution of the Wing party and the unmasking
of the Know-Nothings, ihere remained but two
political organizations in the country—t ho old A h-
oiition paity and the Demo< ratic party. IVlanyof
the old Wiuiisconneeieu themselves With the Dem-
ocratic patty, and some Democrats who had been
misled by the invisible " Sam," returned again to
that party. Those who infused to connect them-
selves with the Democrais weie the malcontents
of the country, and went wandering about t eying
to mgan;z< u new party—"a pun and incorrupt-
ible partyand, a^ K- al ways the case, their con-
ventions were filled with all the old broken-down
political hackneys, mon^els, and nondescripts of
other political organizations, until pressed to the
polls in they chilled round the abolitionists,
nominated John O Fiemont, a renegade Demo-
crat, for Piesu!' nt, a ml Wilham L. Dayton, a ren-
egade Wliii",An YVt Piesident, went to the eoun-
try i>s the Republican ])arty, organized upon a
purely sectional basis. and agreeing mainly m but
(nie t)ung, and that one thing was opposition to
the Democratic party find ail that party was m
favor of.
Mining seen the 01 gamzation of this party, its
success<i' the polls, and the consequences, terrible
as they are to i lie r onntry, how prophetic becomes
the language of Washington in his Furewc'IAd-
diess to his count yni'-n:
Tile unity "f" { '>v> i.nncur, which constitute* jou one
people, is aloo now dear to you. It is justly po, for it if a
mam pillar m the ediiice of your real independence ; the
support ot your tranquillity at home, your peace abroad; of
your safety; ot your pioi-penty; of that very hbeity which
you so highlj*prize But a-? ili® ea^yto foiesee that, fioni
i deferent causes and frora diucient quarters, much pains
! will be taken, manyattifiees employed, to weaken ni your
; minds the conviction of tlii-r tiuih—as this the p(jint in
j your political forties at'am-i which rhc battel ics of internal
i and eAterna! enemies w.ll he mo>t coa-tantiv and actively
i (though often covcWy and iwi<1iousl£ dnceted—it is of in-
finite moment that vou should properly estimate the irn-
I iTK-rif=e value of jouf national Union to yom collective and
| individual happiness; that \ou should chen.-ii a coidial,
I habitual, and immovable attachment to ii; accustoming
[ yourselves to think and speak ot it as of the palladium of
; jour political safety and pro-pent) ; watching tor its pics-
; < rvatton with jealous anxiety ; decotnittnaneui<i whatever
I maj >uatre«t even a f-ie-'pieion that it can, in any event, he
abandoned; and indiimanllv frowning upon the fiist dawn-
ing of eveiy attempt to alienate any portion of our country
fiom the ic.-t, oi to cn/tcLle Ike tauntl lies which now link
together the various
And again:
"The North, in an unrestrained intercourse with the
South, protected by the equal law?, oi a common Govern-
ment, tliuN, ni ihc ptoduelion^ol the lattei, i rteat additional
rciouioiv of mai uun ' and commeieial enterpri *e, and pte-
cious matenaK of uuyjii.'actuinig mdu?tiy. The South, in
the .Mine nucleotide,Tienejitinsi by the ?-ame aaencj of the
\<i>"th,  er.- it•, mjiicultuie grow, and n-< comineice expand.
Tmiumr pat fly into !'-> own channels the seamen of the
N<uih,i! finds it-; particular navigation mvuroiated; and
wh'ie it eontiihutes, in ditlcrent ways, to noniish and 111-
eica-e the general ol the national navigation, it looks
foivvaid to the protection of a mantnue stiength, to which
itself is unequally adapted."
And yet, in spite of this solemn warning and
admonition, coming from one whose patriotism
was never doubted, in spite of the natural tend-
ency of this sectional agitation* the world beholds
to-day a free, a pumu, and an intelligent people
involved m the most stupendous civil war that
over shook the earth—and by what and for what,
and bv whom and for whom ?
During the administration of Mr. Ihfehanan
there wic-' a continual ciy that nothing va* being
done for the good of the country. Different sec-
tions wen clamorous A.r the ii leal interests. The
manufaeUti mg- nil"iest wanted more tariff, and to
gi l vot. s promiseil higher wages to its employes.
The landed si etions wanted a homestead law. and
to get that piomised land to the landless and
homes to the homeless; while thioughout the
length and breadth of the northern States Puii-
tani^rn wailed the sin of slavoiy, and the whole
Sou th resolved, tin eat'1 nod, and di fled all encroach-
ments. Thus was en vy, Bullishness, hate, ami mal-
ice engendered between the two sec.tiens; indica-
ting thai either party really prefei h d a dissolution
of the Union 10 the success of the other in it.
Hence, in 1HG0, uhen tin South threatened
k< pa rat ion, the Noah icsponded, go, and a good
j| riddance with you; you are paupers on the body
! politic, and ifyou are gone we shall not have any
longer to support you. And wlmn the Charleston
iVhrrury threatened secission, the New Yosk
Tribune replied that whenever it was fairly ascer-
tained that a clear majority of the people of any
State wei e m favor of withdraw uigfiom the Union,
they ought to be allowed to go in pea'T. What
was it, then, but envy and hate, implacable hate,
jealousy, and levenge for imaginary and impend-
ing wrongs, that impelled so intelligent a people
to such folly and madness?
Such is human nature when reason loses her
sway and passion reigns supreme, and such has
been human nature in all ages of (he world. Three-
thousand years ago did old iEsop characterize
these passions and follies by his fables, one of
winch is so fairly and so completely applicable to
the American people during the last two Adrnm-
istiafions and the present, that I am constrained
to remind the House and the country of it:
" in the day- ot old, win   the tios;* \\ ere all al liht rty in
' the lake-, and had njow n quue weaiy of tollowitiL' evor\
1 one hi ohn devieo, Un vu-t-enihled one day toiielhe;.and
j wit!) no Mile ei anna pen tuned Jupiter to l<-t them ha\ c a
, kirn:, to ke<*p tie in m itetnn inder ai'd make them 1 ad ho.i-
1 e-iei live*. Jupiter, knownu; their vanitv. smiled at then'
I o quen ami threw down a '•)■/ into the l.ike wInch la lite
. •"pla.-h if made, <-ont tin whole eomaii:iu\'-alth uiiu The
i Lrr«'ate-i terioi and amazeiiv i t 'i'he^ t u-lied ninlet the w a-
1 tef and into the mud. and dai^d not come within ten i^ap.-
! or the ? pot \\ acre it lay. At lenc'li one hog, bolder than thp
I )'--t. ventuu d to pi.p i'ii^ head above the water and tnk" a
J i-utvey ot then kuu,' at a ie-peetfui detance. i'ic>« nth',
! wheiftlicy peieeivd the !<"i lie stock -tiihotheif i)p«.'an to
>wun up to it ami around it. nil t>\ dt^ree-. growing holder
; and bolder, they at l.i&t leaped upon it and treated it with
; the ureatc.-t contempt. l)^?-at!.-tied with m) tame a iu!cr,
i thev forthwith petitioned Jupitei a second time for another
| and moie active kin< ; upon which he -eat them a ?4oik,
; who no sooner aiuved anions them than hL* l>e«.'un layiiiuf
I hold "t tl^.m and devouring them one by one fa^t a& he
could, and it was iu vain that they endeavoicd to epeape
him. rfhen they sent Meicury with a private mossnge to
Jupiter, beft-eeclnng hun that he would take pity on them
once more, but Jupiter replied that they were only &utFer-
ir.g the punishment due To thcirfolly, and that another time
they would leainto iet well alone and not be dissatisfied
with their natural condition."
I leave the country to make the application of
the fable as told by JEsop, rcmarkingthat the only
difference m the two cases consists in the fact that
the Americans have two storks, and that the ad-
ditional stork has doubtless been added because of
the twofold punishment that is due to their two-
fold wickedness and folly.
Having .shown the radical error that existed
with the people and produced the oigam'zation of
a sectional party at the North, resulting in the
election of 1860,1 now propose to show the errors,
or some of them, which its representatives have
fallen into from that time forwaid, presenting, at
the same time, a brief review of corresponding
errors by the people of the South.
There doubtless were at the South prior to the
organization of the Republican party a few men
who, from motives of personal ambition, or be-
cause they believed that in the Union they were
oppressed by unjust tariffs, and other undue bur-
dens for the support of the General Government,
or with the hope of personal and local aggrandize-
ment, sought and desired a dissolution of the
Union; but their number was quite insignificant,
and hardly equal to tiie number of original abo-
litionists, who, for similar reasons, sought and
desired the same object. The increase and growth
of the Republican paity furnished these original
disunionists with arguments against not only their
interest but their real safety in the Union; and
from the elections of 1856 forwaid the South be-
came clamorous for new guarantees. The agita-
tions growing out of the question of slavery in Kan-
sas and the .1 ohn Brown raid tended to strengthen
a southern disunion party. The Democratic party
bring the only political organization which ex-
isted and held a controlling influence South as well
asNoith, and in all the States of the Union, very
naturally deprecatcd all other pintles and organ-
izations, and it was quite plain to the dullest com-
prehension that so long as that party held the Gov-
ernment there could be nodissolutionof theUnion.
This, southern dissunionists saw, and at once
undertook the dismemberment of that party as
tlx fir&t step to accomplish their nefarious pur-
poses. Thus the abolitionists and secessionists
weie found, the one at Chicago and the other at
Charleston, laboi ing for the election of a President
upon pun ly sectional issues, and as the campaign
pi ogussui, u bev-ame evid< nt they would succeed;
and so soon as tin result was known, meetings
;uid conventions were held and extreme measures
uiged throughout the cotton Suites. Against this
the Union itioi—and theie were numy ot them, ex-
cept in South Carolina—protested by every means
in their power. Resolutions were introduced in
Congress, new guarantees were proposed,butsul-
lenly the partisansof the incoming Administration
and the repres< ntatives of the cotton States looked
each othei in the fnce and refused to act. A peace
congress was calhd and met in this city. The rep-
resentatives from some of the northern States
weie all, or nearly all, Republicans, hh om Penn-
sylvania they were all of that pai ty, notwithstand-
ing the Governor had promised the Democratic
members of iheLegislature, at the time the resolu-
tions authotizmg their appointment were passed,
that at least one of thedelcgites should be of their
party, and that one they all agreed should be
Llemy D. Foster, who, at the previous election,
had received two hundred ami til 11 ty-two thousand
votes foi Governor. Jt was fur ther intimated that
ex-Governor Packer, whose conservatism was so
well known, should be another; but in this pledge
urid this intimation they were disappointed. This
i chatge upon Governor Curtm, not that he was
indisposed to save the Union, but because he, like
the rest of his party, treated the movements, pro-
testations, and menaces of the South as bravado,
an i persisted—notwithstanding several States had
adopted ordinances of secession and made extens-
ive pieparations for ievoluti.>u—in the sentiment
that "nobody was hurt."
When the Democrats of the State found them-
selves thus both umepresenttd and actually mis-
leprcsented a convention was called, and met at
Hari'isburg, February 2'J, 1861, the day that Mr.
Lincoln called at that place on his way to "his
