1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4$8
direct tax on the whole people of the country?
A«e the white poor of the country maintained at
the expense of the Treasury of the United States?
Have we hospitals established by the national
Government at the general expense, with physi-
cians, officers, and matrons employed and paid
for the purpose of caring for the poor and indi-
gent white people of the country ?
I say, sir, that there is a fitness in this additional
section proposed as an amendment to this bill,
and that it has its applications to facts which cer-
tainly ought to be within the cognizance of every
member, as they are part of the history of the
country. There are here, right in the vicinity of
Washington, six thousand of these people main-
tained. There are twelve hundred at Alexandria,
six thousand at Fortress Monroe, and, as I was
informed last evening by an intelligent colonel,
who has been in command of a regiment on the
coast of South Carolina, fifty thousand on that
coast, who are fed, maintained, and clothed at the
expense of the Government of the United States.
And yet the families of soldiers, poor and indi-
gent, are, as the papers inform us every morning,
suffering from starvation, even unto death, for the
necessaries of life. I say, sir, that there is, and
can be, no warrant or authority for such a use of
the revenues of the Government. The Consti-
tution of the United States provides in express
terms that no money shall be drawn from the
Treasury except in pursuance of appropriations
made by law; but I suppose that it will be claimcd
that the right to use the public revenue for the
maintenance and support of negroes is a legiti-
mate incident of the war power.
Again, sir, the amendment which I have offered
provides that none of the revenues of the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall be appropri-
ated for the purpose of paying or compensating
States for the emancipation of their slaves. I
claim that the revenues of the Government can
only be used for the purpose of carrying out the
express provisions of the Constitution, and that
to use the revenues for any other purpose than
those is an abuse of the powers of the Govern-
ment, and an exercise of usurped powers. The
Government has no right to tax the people of the
State of Ohio for the purpose of raising revenue
to buy the negroes of the State of Missouri, of
the District of Columbia, of West Vngima, of
Maryland, or of any other State. There is no
power, either expressly delegated by, or resulting
by ncccssary implication fiom, any provision in
the Constitution of the United States to do this
thing.
Mr. OLIN. Mr. Chairman, it is pretty well
known to the rommitteo, 1 believe, that on no oc-
casion have I attempted to utter anything on this
floor that should excite prejudice or dissatisfac-
tion in the mind even of such a gentleman as has
just taken his seat. But it ought to be known
here, and it ought to be rebuked here, that the
statement which the gentleman has just made to
the committee has not the slightest foundation in
fact. This rant and fustian about the revenues of
the Government being applied to the maintenance
of negro slaves who have fled from bondage is
totally uncalled for and untimely. The revenues
of the Government have not been expended for
any such purpose; and when the report of each
Department comes before the House, it will ap-
pear that those people, poor, neglected, and de-
spised, as they have been, outcasts and outlawed,
as they are, have been actually a source of rev-
enue to the Government. So far from Us being
universally known that the revenues of the Gov-
ernment have been squandered for this purpose,
it will be universally known that these people have
been not only able to support themselves, but
have turned into theTreasuryof theGovernmcnt
a surplus over their support, unprotected, uned-
ucated, uninstructed as they are.
.Now, I would avoid, on all occasions if*I could,
such topics as this. God knows we ought to have
other duties resting upon us in maintaining and
defending the Constitution and the Government,
now in its death-struggle, rather than constantly
seizing upon this subject upon all occasions on
this floor to irnbitter the feelings of those at the
South who might be disposed to stand by the
Government, and to divide and embitter political
feelings at the North, and multiply such scenes as
are now disgracing the capital ot my own State.
I do not think this the duty of any member on
this floor. Still lessdo 1 think it our duty at this
particular time, when we have so grave and im-
portant duties on our hands. Now, as I have ob-
served before, I have not on any occasion on this
floor attempted to add fuel to the excitement ex-
isting in this House and in the country on this
subject. 1 have thought it the duty of every pa-
triotic man to support, as far as he could, every
great measure which was intended and calculated
in any way to sustain the unity of the Republic.
I was, therefore, willing to concede very much to
the prejudices^even of such gentlemen as the one
who hasjust taken his seat. I was unwilling to
say anything to imbitteror excite hostility among
that class, and was willing to implore my friends
on this side of the House to yield something, to
yield almost everything but the great principles
involved in this struggle. But, sir, the eternal rant
and nonsense on this subject—runaway slaves—
is idle. It is worse than idle. This question of
what shall be done with this people is upon us,
and we must deal with it as we best can. God
knows I would wish to see every citizen of the
Republic protected m all his rights guarantied by
the Constitution; but if he has certain rights
which must necessarily and inevitably fall if the
Constitution is to be preserved, they must fall.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by stuking out the first paiagraph. I do
not intend to say very much about the general
policy of this discussion, which has been wull said
by my friend fiom New York4 [Mi Olt\t,] who
always conciliates, especially on the other side
of the House. [Laughter.] But he will, belbie
he gets through, find it very much like trying to
soothe a rattlesnake. 1 think he had better take
the Irishman's way of enticing a man out of the
batn—with a pitchfoik. [Laughter.] Now,sir,
I merely rose to ltilbim the gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mi. Wiute] thatthcie is a small patagrnpli in
the Constitution which, it seems to me, he is try-
ing to leenact:
''No money shall be drawn from the TifVKury but in
eonscqueucc ofappropjiations made by law.''
Mr. WICICLIFFE. Mr. Chan man, I do not
rise for the purpose of entering into a discussion
of this question, but merely to state a fact. It will
be remembered that I tried to introduce a resolu-
tion, at the early part of the session, calling upon
the War Department and the Secretary to make
a report to this House of the expenses and profits
of these contrabands, and from what source the
money was drawn to pay thr- expenses of the ex-
tensive farming institution at Hilton TIead or Port
Royal, < sinblished \>y the Sceietary of the Treas-
ury and then tiansfcrred to the Secretary of War.
But I believe that the gentleman from P( nnsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] or the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] objected to the introduction of my
resolution. Afterwards, on the 11th December,
I got in a resolution, which was adopted by the
House, diiecting the Secretary of War to report
whether any of the money appropriated for the
support of the Army and Navy was applied to
any other purpose; and if so, what? We have
no answer to it yet, and another lcsohumn has
been adopted to know why the Secretary of War
has not answered it. I venture to say that when
the facts shall come to be developed by a com-
mittee, with power to send for persons and papers,
it will be found that the money appropuated to
carry on the war has been applied lo the puipose
of maintaining, clothing, and keeping slaves who
have been captured or seduced and tak<-n from
their masters and owners. Give me a committee,
and I will prove al! I have stated.
Mr. STEVENS withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DUNN. I move to strike out the first
word of the section.
Mr. Chairman , [ frr-\ very anxious, indeed, that
this matter, which has come informally before the
House this morning, should be thoroughly inves-
tigated. It is ttue that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, who has just token his seat, [Mr. Wick-
liffe,] at an early day of the stssion introduced
into the House a resolution mquiung in regard to
the money heretofore expended for the support
of a class of neople s^i.eially knov, n as contra-
bands, and i regretted ex :eetlmgiy that my friends ;
on this side of the House should have seen fit to
lay that resolution on the table. Therefore, some
t^n days cince, I introduced a resolution of a sim-
ilar character, which was adopted; and I under-
stand from an officer of the Government that an
answer will very soon be received to that resolu-
tion; and that instead of showing that these Con-
trabands have been supported at the expense of
the Government, the answer will show, as was
stated by the gentleman from New York, that the
labors of this class of people have been a source of
revenue.
1 am glad the gentleman from Kentucky has
called attention to this subject this morning, be-
cause before a convention m the State of Indiana
in July last, he made, in substance, the statement
that thirty thousand contrabands were being sup-
ported at the expense of the Government out of
money appropriated for the support of our soldiers
in the field. I want to investigate that matter,
because if it should turn out that the gentleman's
statement is correct, 1 want this House to apply
a corrective of the abuse; for no officcr of the Gov-
ernment has the right to divert money appropri-
ated for the payment of our soldiers to any such
purpose. J do not believe, however, thatany such
misapplication of money has been made, or does
now exist. But the speech of the gentleman from
Kentucky has been sent abroad all over Indiana,
poisoning the minds of the people, and tending to
turn their hearts against the Government. I hope,
therefore, that we shall soon have full information
upon this subject, and that the facts may bo made
public.
Mr. NOBLE. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman ftom Indiana, for the purpose of ask-
ing him what the President of the United States
meant, when, in answer to a Chicago committee
which waited on him, he said it was known that
some of the. division commanders were issuing
more rations to the negroes about their camps
than to all the men m their commands, and that
the negiocs would do nothing but eat.
Mr. DUNN. I answer the gentleman, that the
information J hope we shall soon have from the
Department will give all the facts. It is known
that those people have been employed to work on
fortifications and elsewhere, and 1 suppose, of
course, rations have been issued to them. Letme
say that I would much rather see them employed
for such work than to see out* soldiers compelled
to do the work.
Mr. NOBLE. I have not yielded the floor, and
the remark of the gentleman from Indiana does
not answer my question. But let me say to the
gentleman, that if there has been any poisoning
ofthe puhhemind, it has not beendone altogether
from the Democratic party. And the gentleman
will hardly make the charge when I again call his
attention to the reply of the President to the Chi-
cago committee, to which I have made reference.
Mr. DUNN. 1 would like to know on what
authority the gentleman makes the assertion that
the President made the statement that the negroes
would do noth.ing but eat.
Mr. NOBLE. My authority will be seen by
reference to the report of the Chicago committee,
as to what was said to them by the President.
Mr. DUNN. Merely newspaper reports, then.
Mr. NOBLE. Does the gentleman deny that
the President said to the Chicago committee that
he was informed by some of the division com-
manders that more rations were issued to negroes
about their camps than to the soldiers of their
commands, and that the negroes would do nothing
but eat?
Mr. DUNN. I do not know whether the Pres-
ident made that statement or not. It may have
been one of his jokes. A resolution,as I have
stated, has been sent by this House to the Secre-
tin y of the Treasury, for the purpse of ascertain-
ing what are the facts, and 1 presume we shall
very soon have the inforrnution we have called for.
If it shall appear that money appropriated for the
payment of soldiers has been so misapplied, I, as
a representative of the people, stand here to rebuke
such misapplication, and to apply such corrective
as shall prevent any such misapplication in the
future. I am especially anxious to obtain this offi-
cial information, because I believe the public mind
he's been abused on this subject, and that no suf-
ficient foundation exists for a charge winch has
been put in circulation to poison the minda of the
pernio again.sf the Government.
Mr. NOBLE. Let me ask the gentleman from
Indiana what service the contrabands in Duff
Green's Row, in this city, have rendered to re-
