186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
inauguration. They had no nominations to make,
and were called solely to consider national affairs;
and in order that the voice of the party might be
fully and fairly heard, three tunes the ordinary
number of delegates—thiee bundled and ninety-
nine in all—were chosen. They adopted resolu-
tions favoring the Crittenden proposition?, then
pending in the other branch of this Congress, and
appointed a committee of thirty of theiv members
to present the sentiments of the Democrats of
Pennsylvania to the peace congress and to the
members of Congress from Pennsylvania and the
prominent men of the outgoing and incoming Ad-
ministrations. This committee was appointed
while Mr. Lincoln was at Harrisbuig,and arrived
in this city the morning that he arrived, a few
hoursafter, although by a much more direct route.
1 was one of that con\ ention and of that commit-
tee, and notwithstanding we had such men among
us as Henry D. Foster and Chief Justice Lewis,
I need hardly pay that we accomplished nothing.
The Republicans were indifferent, and treated the
idea of armed resistance as the merest bravado.
A member of Congress fiom Pennsylvania, now
a foreign minister, told us he had no doubt that
our propositions, if submitted to the people of
Pennsylvania, would receive fifty thousand ma-
jority, but that he would not vote to so submit
them. It is well known that President Lincoln,
in his meandering to this city, everywhere, ex-
cepting the last night of his journey, treated the
movement at the South as "a little artificial ex-
citement." With whatgrace, then.] ask, do mem-
bers on the other side of this IIoufc rise here, day
by day, and insult those of this side by charging
that the Democrats of the North ever desired a
dissolution of this Union? "With what grace do
they so repeatedly charge the last Adimrnstiation
with complicity with tieuson in not sending an
aimed foice South, when they themselves, in this
House, holding a Republican majority, refused to
heed the warnings of the President in ins message
of January 8, 1£61, when he presented afull and
fair history of the alarming condition of the coun-
try, and urged them to adopt measures of com-
promise or make preparation fur the last alterna-
tive? With what grace, in the name of decency,
I ask, do they persist in making these chargcs,
when their own President, on his journey to the
inauguration, charact.-i .zed the whole rebellion as
a farce and artificial ? Who does not know that the
public was induced to believe that Mr. Lincoln
intended at his inauguration to open the door to
conciliation and compromiser And who does not
believe that if Mr. Buchanan had sent an armed
force South and brought on a collision, although
he had none to send, and a Republican Congress
failed to give it to him, that he would have been
charged by these same men with having uselessly
and unnecessarily involved the country in civil
war?
But you do not agree with each other in making
these charges. Some of you date the rebellion
from the filing on Sumter, which was forty days
after Mr. Lincoln's inauguration; and be it re-
membered, too, that the firing on Sumkr did not
take place until after the Governors of the north-
ern States had been callul to Washington and
held a consultation wuh the President; and not
even then until after a telegraphic dispatch had
been sent by Mr. James E. Harvey to Judge Mc-
Grath, at Charleston, giving mfoimation received
by him fiom Mr. Seward that supplies and rein-
foi cements were on the wny to that fort. And that
same James E. Harvey, who either aont such dis-
patch by direction of Air. Sewaid or betrayed his
confidence, was soon afterwards appointed and is
now your minister to Portugal. I leave the coun-
try to judge whether the Republicans or northern
Democrats sought tins war, mid which of the two
did most to present if, or not to bring it about.
I beht-ve, sir, thai it was ananged in this city
to brine1 on the collision—thai these Governors
knew it; and 1 am boine out m tins by the fact
that the finng on Sumter had hardly commenced
when calls were circulated m almost every coun-
ty town for meetings, uniformly, in their lan-
guage, calling, not ior troops to remfoice Sum-
ter, but to defend the national capital, against
which there was no organized soldier witinn six
hundred miles. Nor, to be hank, do 1 so much
complain of the arrangement, because, jf the Ad-
mmishation had determined upon war, it was
their duty to put the enemy ut disadvantage; but
what I do complain of is, the continual duplicity
that, from the commencement of this war to this
day, has been practiced upon the country and
upon the Army. The events that tianspircd at
the commencement of the outbreak, and every
event since, viewed in the light of to-day, indi-
cate that a war of no ordinary magnitude was
contemplated: and hence I infer that all those dec-
larations and proclamations made in the first year
of its existence, that it was simply to recapture
the forts, recover the public property, and restore
the Union as it was, were intended to get men
into the Army, and that, when a sufficient num-
ber of three years' men should be obtained, the
black banner of abolitionism should bo thrown to
the breeze.
I will agree that the Administration did not con-
template the immense resistance that has been
made, for I am quite sure it has surpassed the
apprehensions of everybody.
1 have dwelt at some length upon the scenes
that transpired about the commencement of this
Administration and the close of the last, because,
although they have been much commented upon
by the other side of the House, little has been
said upon them on tins side, and having seen
something of tlx-m myself, they have made a last-
ing impression upun my mind.
Sir, I have not yet defined my position on this
floor m relation to this war, except by my votes,
not one of which that 1 now remember would 1
withdraw if 1 could. During the last and the called
sessions 1 yielded to the Administration a cor-
dial support in everything that, in my judgment,
was necessary to its most vigorous prosecution;
not because 1 believed in war as a means of restor-
ing the Union, but because no Cither means was
left; and so long as it was proposed to be a war
for that purpose I had no desire to embarrass; but
1 have always watched and struggled by my votes
here to hold the Admi.nstiation to their declared
purposes. Further than this, 1 have at no time
seen any indication on behalf of the rebels to re-
turn to the Union even if the utmost guarantees
were given; but, on (he contrary,they have been
from the first fighting for separation and inde-
pendence, and nothing less. 1 have tried to dis-
criminate between such aswrre really war meas-
uics and such as I have regarded as political
measures urged here as war measures, and among
the latter { have classed all the measures relating
to the abolishment of slavery, whether in the so-
called seeed-'U or in the loyal States, or parts of
such; and these I have steadily and consistently
opposed. 1 have opposed such from the begin-
ning, because their tendency was, in my judg-
ment, to divide the North and unite the South;
and m this the history of this war will show that
my judgment has bet n cotrect. I have not at any
time allowed mvs'df to be classed among the sup-
poi ters of tine Admini. tration even m relation to
the war, because I ha\e always feared what has
suiely come to pass, that it would prove itself
upon the w^r as upon al! other questions, an abo-
lition Admimstiation. It was with pain that 1
saw in its veiy commencement this tendency to
abolitionism. j\u man and no party ot men can
listen long to the counsels of bad men without
suiieiing their influence.
When, in the latter part of 1661, I was about
to leaw thi^city IWmv h"me, 1 noticed iu the of-
fice of the National Hot-1 a man who had ren-
dered hnns.-lf nntiuious esthe superintendent of
the undeiground rai'i oad, and one of the counsel-
ors end companions < fold John Brown. He had
just arrived, and was taking rooms. That man
was Joshua R. Gidding*. who was soon after ap-
point! d;oid now is consul general of the Canadas,
with a Hilary of ^4.000: and as \ passed out of the
hot' i 1 met thatmo.-t nntosious abolition agitator
Horace Gu-eh-y, who, too, had just anived. 1
pass-eel on to the depot, and tinoe I met the old
l>ati lotGenei al ('ass, procuring tickets for himself
and faunly through to his home m Detioit. i said
to my^eb" then th.U this was a bad exchange of
men for the- eoumiy; and I left the capital with a
heavy heart; ai>4 from that tarn- to the present I
could have no f.nth m an Administration which
professed at homo to be consei\ alive while it se-
lected for its representaJ\es ah;oad such, mi n as
Giddim.% Cassius M. Clay, Carl Shurz, and
Hmton Rowan Helper.
I whl piies by the uu ny proclamations of the
President and his subouimates from thy breaking
out of the rebellion up to a recent date, barely no-
ticing the fact that General Fremont's proclarha^
lion declaring the slaves of rebels free was promptly
overruled by the President, as also that of Gen-
eral Phelps at ShipIsland, and still later the proc-
lamation of General Hunter in South Carolina.
Those were all icvoked for the reasons given at
the time, which, if they were good, ought tohav6
been applied to those of the President, and if not
good, the country ought not to have been misted
as to his intended policy by them.
But oil the 22d day of September last, in the
face of all his former pledges and proclamations,
and the pledges and proclamations of military men
in the field, over whom he, by the Constitution,
is Commander-in-Chief, he changed front, and,
thi owing off al! disguise, proclaimed to the work!
that this war was no longer to be prosecuted for the
restoration of the Union as it was and the Constitu-
tion as it is, nor for the recovery of the forts and
public property of the United States, taken pos-
session of by the rebels, but a war for the abolition
of slavery; not in cxact terms, I agree, but sub-
stantially such. He assumes the old abolition
dogma that slavery caused the war, and that,
therefore, the warcannot close until slavery ceasea
to exist, and then points out to us a means by
which at the expiration of thirty years the people
of this countrj' may hope for peace. He pro--
claims ail the slaves of all persons, loyal and dis-
loyal, in rebellious States to be free, or, more
strictly speaking, declares his intention to do so
three months afterwards.
Sir, thisproclamation was void for want of juris-
diction both constitutional and local, lie limits
his proclamation of freedom to such slaves only
as were wholly beyond his reach, and passes by
those of the States in our occupancy. Had Jef-
ferson Davis made the same pioclamation, and
givt n the same instructions to his army to enforce
it that President Lincoln gave to our Army to
enforce Ins, it would have accomplished some-
thing; and had Mr. Lincoln declared those in our
occupancy free, and his intention to liberate all
the rest as our Army progressed, it would have ^
relieved his proclamation of us fan ical chaiacter.
This pioelamation was followed two days after
by another suspending the writ of habeas corpus,
declaring martial law in the loyal and peaceful
Stales, and practically and substantially enslav-
ing the free white men of the North.
Sir, if these two proclamations are to be taken
and construed together as the objects and pur-
poses of this war—and if not, 1 would fain inquire
why they were made—then I do not wonder at the
mfense alarm which pervaded the whole North,
resuUing at the polls in the overthrow of the Ad-
mimstiation pauy. I think the people were right
in withdrawing their confidence from this Admin-
istration, and the events which huve since trans-
pired in tins Congressabuodantly prove that those
fears were but too well founded.
It is no longer contended by gentlemen on the
other side of this House that this is a war to re-
store the Union as it was under the old <vder of
things. My colleague from the Lancaster dis-
trict makes no concealment upon this question;
and while i deprecate his purposes, I respect him
forhis candoramJ frankness. He scouts the idea
of a restoration of the Union as it was, and de-
clares that—
aThi« talk of restoring the Union as n wa«. under the
CoMMuulion as it is, i." one of the ubMjnhties winch I have
lieard repeated imul I have become about siek oTit. Tin's
Ciiiou can never be r^ton-d ;u it win There j\ic many
tnn- - which reside! >ueh an event urspo-Mble. Tin- Union
Mian iu>vcr, wuh mj eon^ent. he le-tor-'d undei the Con-
stitution it j>. wuh fclavciy to be piotected by it."'
He and 1 are jur-,t the reverse. If this war is
not to be piosecuted for the restoration of the
Union undi r the Constitution, but for the eman-
cipation of all the slaves of all the States, I am op-
posed to it, and 1 am for peace, honorable peace,
in preference to dishonorable war. Do gentlemen
ask me to support a war that demands the sacri-
fice of hundieds of thousands of the lives of the
b^sr white nvm of the country, and all the wealth,
hap; 'ini'ss. and even the liberties of tho«e at home,
for the sake of hbe rating a i ace of worthless negroes
and tin mng them loose upon the country to either
become wandering vagrants supported by the la-
bor of the whites, or to be admitted to tprms of
such equality as will enable them to earn their
own livelihood? Sir, these races can never dwell
tcgetherupon terms of equality. To live together
