THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:? "I'i"; i
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON-1).5 0,
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3n Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1863.
New Series Wo.' 9.0.
attempted to be carried into effect, would not only
not tend to the suppression of the rebellion, but
would add greatly to the difficulties already ex-
isting m the way of such a consummation. But,
sir, I was unable at that time to obtain the floor;
and now, when the bill is not before the House,
I do not feel inclined to occupy its time with any
extended remarks on the subject, satisfying my-
self with this single suggestion, that if the time
ever arrives when the free white men of this coun-
try are not equal to the duty of preserving the
Union, the institutions of liberty within it, and
their own inestimable rights, it is folly, it is shame,
to imagine that this can be done by the enslaved
and degraded negro.
But, sir, I repeat, my object at this time is not
to discuss this particular bill, but to give expres-
sion to some general views 1 entertain in reference
to the true policy to be observed in the prosecu-
tion of the war now being waged to suppress re-
bellion and restore the Union; views which I be-
lieve are entertained, also, by a vast majority of
that loyal, patriotic, and intelligent constituency
who have honored me with a seat in this House.
Mr. Speaker, when this war was forced upon
the country by the disunionists of the southern
States, the Union men of Maryland, and other
border slaveholding States, entered the lists, and
accepted the " gauge of battle," with tyut one ob-
ject m view—to preserve the Union, with all its
rights and benefits, and to enforce its laws and
constitutional obligations upon all its citizens.
They entertained no purpose beyond this. They
had no ulterior objects to accomplish. They did
not look to party interests or triumphs. In the
fire of contest and passion which swept over
them immediately after the attack on Fort Sumter,
the bonds of party were utterly consumed, and,
men ranged themselves, not as in the northern
States, all on the side of the Union, but some
for the Union and some for the rebellion; a great
majority, it is true, for the Union, but yet an act-
ive, encigetic, and influential minority for the re-
bellion. But, as I have said, in this division old
party lines were obliterated, and never have to
this day, and never can be restored. And as they
had no party interests to subserve, so also they
were prompted by no feelings of ill will or hatred
to the men m rebellion, springing from aversion
to their social institutions, or from sectional ani-
mosity encouraged for many years by strifes on
tho'floors of Congress and in the press of the coun-
try. Our social institutions were similar to theirs,
and much of our blood flowed in their veins. But
the issue was upon us, and could not, if we so
desired, be evaded. War or disunion. Present
strife, with the promise of future permanent peace,
together with national honor, national greatness,
and individual protection and prosperity on the
one hand; and on the other, temporary peace, with
the certainty of fierce and interminable border
wars soon to follow, which would forever waste
our fields, ruin the heritage of our children, and
bring national dishonor and destruction. Then
it was that the loyal men of the border, looking
to their own interests, as well as to the interests
of the country, South as well as North, recalling
the words of the great departed Clay, that it was
"better that war, pestilence, and famine should
come, than that the Union should be destroyed,"
calmly, firmly, and resolutely accepted the issue,
and took then unalterable position on the side of
the Union and the* Constitution.
Since that time nearly two years of strife and
bloodshed have passed, and the issue is not yet
determined. It is well, then, that as legislators
and citizens we should a^ain calmly consider the
condition of affairs, and determine, so far as we
are able, what duty and the good of the country
yet require at our hands.
Shortly after the war commenced, this Con-
gress, by the now famous resolution of the ven-
erable statesman from Kentucky, [Mr. Ciuttf,\t-
de\t5] declared, on out part, its purposes and its
obieijs. It is as follows:
'* Thai the pro 'ent deplorable war has been forced upon
the eouniiy hv the difaw ionics of tlie southern States, now
'90
in revolt against tbc constitutional Government, and in arms
around the capital; that in this national emergency Con-
gress, banishing all feelings of mere passion or resentment,
will recollect only its duty to the whole country; that this
war is not waged on their part in any spirit of oppression,
nor for any puiposc of conquest 01 subjugation, nor pur-
pose of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or es-
tablished institutions of those States, hut to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to pre-
serve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired ; and that as"soon as thc&e
objects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
On that resolution all of us, Republicans, Dem-
ocrats, and Union men, stood together for the sup-
pression of the rebellion. Sir, I believe now, as
I believed then, that that resolution lays down the
true policy to be observed by us in the prosecu-
tion of the war. It presented but one issue—the
preservation of the Union. All loyal men agreed
upon that. It avoided all issues upon which loyal
men had formerly differed, and if presented would
again differ. It not only united all loyal men in
the loyal States, but it encouraged the Union men
in the rebellious States. It was an open door
through which they might return to the blessings
of the Union, and bring their misguided brethren
with them. In a word, it consolidated the forces
of the Union, while it weakened and divided the
forces of the rebellion.
Sir, I regret, I most deeply regret, that this
policy has been departed from in the conduct of
the war. 1 regret, I most deeply regret, that other
issues have been forced upon us. In some re-
marks which I submitted to the House less than
a year ago, I appealed to gentlemen on the other
side of the Hall, after they had abolished slavery
m this Distiict and prohibited it in all the Terri-
tories, thereby coming up to the measure of the
Chicago platform, to cease all further legislation
and agitation, and give us peace on that subject;
declaring, at the same time, that in my judgment
such legislation and agitation gave aiu and com-
fort to the rebellion, and did the cause of the
Union infinite mischief. And now, sir, that my
advice has not been taken, and the agitation has
been continued, I see no reason, m the light of
subsequent events and the present condition of
the country, to change my opinion. Sir, I be-
lieve in my inmost soul that your confiscation
bills, your proclamations of emancipation, your
efforts to arm and organize negro soldiers, have
tended to divide the loyal people of the country
and weaken your armies; while they have at the
same time united and strengthened your enemies.
And as sincerely do I believe that the chief movers
and promoters of these things—your Sumnei s and
yourLovejoys,yourGrecleysand your Beechcrs,
yourAndiews and your Phillipses—have done
far more effective service in the cause of disunion
than if they had been in the cabinet of Jeff Davis,
or the armies of rebellion.
Sir, while 1 say this, and while land the Union
men of the border, have a right to complain, and
do com plain, of this unwise and unfriendly change
of policy, the disuniomsts of the South and then-
sympathizers among us have no right to com-
plain. Let them not point to it as any evidence
of their prudent foresight, or any justification of
their wicked rebellion. On the contrary, let them
remember with shame and confusion, that this, :
with all the other evils which oppress us, is pri-
marily and properly chargeable upon them, and
that it will but add another count to that giand
indictment which history shall bring against then-
folly and their crime. Had not their "Represent-
atives gone forth from these Halls; had they not
cowardly deserted the border States and their po-
litical brethren of the North; had they not self-
ishly and wickedly, without justification, detet ai-
med to destroy the nation, we should have had
no war, no taxation, no uninendly legislation, no
interfeience with any right of even the humblest
citizen. With twenty-fourmajority in this House
in their favor, m this; very Congress, and eight
majority in the Senate, even if th'-re had been any
inclination to niU-rfft-e with their domestic insti-
tutions, there would have been no ability to carry
such designs into execution.
Rut, sir, passing by these subjects, the one prac-
 " "" ininilfiuii 141.^
tical question for me, and for all earnest friend
of the Union who think with me, to determine is^
shall we, because of measures we do not approve#
and of a policy we condemn, shall we refuse to*
further prosecute the war ? Shall we refuse to-
vote supplies for our soldiers? Shall we refuse
to fill up their decimated ranks? Shall we, if need'
be, refuse to present our own persons to rebel
bayonet and bullet? Shall we, in fine, turn from,
the Government and consent to and assist in the
nation's destruction? Sir, IJiold to no sucli
opinion as this. _ The flight of time, imprudent
and improper legislation, have not decreased ray
abhorrence of secession, nor weakened my de-
votion to the Union. I consider the necessity
and duty of preserving the Government as great
to-day as when this rebellion first flaunted its
banner of treason to the sun. In fact, the ines*
timablevalue of the Union, its rich blessings of
domestic peace and prosperity, its proud guarantee
of high positioji.among the nations of the earth,
can be far more properly appreciated now than
when the contest for its preservation first com-
menced. From every bloody battle-field, froiq
every desolate home-circle, from every stricken
heart, come up voices which tell of the pains, the
sufferings, and the heart-breakings which the ef-
fort to destroy it has produced; and to-day the
agonized hcaitofthe nation longs for the old tran-
quillity, the old security, the old fellowship, the
old prosperity, the old power, and the old happi-
ness which sprung from the Union of these States,
and which we know cannot be again enjoyed un-
less that Union is restored. Sir, J would not have
upon my conscience the responsibility of having
inaugurated such a war as this, and for such a
purpose, for all the wealth of the Indies, and all
the honors of the earth.
Then, sir, if the duty of standing by the Gov-
ernmentand restoringtheUnionstill remains,does
any sane man believe that this object can be at-
tained in any other way than by a prosecution of
the war? I do not now speak of the manner in
which the war should be prosecuted, but only of
the fact that war—fightings between armed and
hostile forces—must continue. I have already in-
dicated that, in my judgment, the war should be
so conducted as to demonstrate to the people of
the South and the whole world that its one object
was to restore the Union and preserve the Con-
stitution. Private property, except so far as it
was absolutely necessary for the subsistence of
our armies, should be protected and preserved.
Social institutions, except so far as they suffered
from the necessary faction of the war, should
lemain undistmbed, and the war should be car-
ried on, not against States or populations, but
againstinsurgents in arms and their willing; aidem
and abettors.
But, sir, I repeat, does any sane man believe that
the rebellion can be suppressed in any other way
than by foree of arms? I know much has been
said here and elsewhere about truces and armis-
tices and conventions, having for their purpose
the settlement of our unhappy strife, and the res-
toration of the Union. Sir, if in my judgment
these means were sufficient for the end, no man
would more gladly embrace them nor more earn-
estly urge their adoption than myself. This war
has no charms for me. Its burdens of taxation,
its depression oftrade, its wasted fields, its strickcn
cities, its lonely widows, its helpless orphans, its
maimed and its dead, form a horrible picture, from
which my eyes would gladly turn. But, sir, it is
a necessity, a sad necessity, forced upon us by
red-handed treason, and from which we cannot es-
cape. And the man who is not willing to make
the sacrifice which such a necessity demands, for
the sake of his country, for the welfare of his pos-
terity, and the good of his race, co ward like shrinks
from the path'of duty, and is unworthy to enjoy
the rights and the benefits which a stable, a per-
manent, and a free Government bestows and pre-
serves.
Sir, what reason has any one for supposing that
truces and conventions will restore the Union?
Have the rebel authorities* or the rebel press ever
