1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
intimated a^iy desire or intention to treat with you
on such a basis? Has not Jefferson Davis de-
clared that he preferred a union with hyenas to
one with the people of the northern States? Has
not the rebel congress declared again and again
that they fight for independence, and that the war
shall not cease until that is accomplished, and
until every slaveholding State is brought within
the limits of their confederacy? And Has not the
rebel press everywhere repudiated all the propo-
sitions of our peace men to meet in convention,
unless it be to settle the terms of separation?
You must crush the armed forces of the rebel-
lion. This is the only road to a permanent peace
and a reconstructed Union. Truces, armistices,
compromises, concessions, and conventions at
this time will avail you nothing. The rebellion
rests upon its army, and that army is under the
absolute control of Jefferson Davis. Dues any
man imagine that he can make terms with Jeffer-
son Davis and the leaders of the rebellion, look-
ing to a restoration of the national authouty?
Why, sir, if the rebellion fail, and the seceded
States be brought again into the Union, Jefferson
Davis and his coconspirators, though the out-
raged law inflicted no punishment upon them,
would be utterly undone. The very people they
had misled and deceived,and well-nigh destroyed,
would despise them, and they would remain, after
peace had resumed its beneficent sway in our un-
divided country, the blackened and abhorred mon-
uments oftheirown folly,and a warning, through
all time, to unsuccessful traitoi s. Jefferson Davis
and his coworkers in treason understand all this,
and must purnue their course to its bitter end.
They will treat with you only at the cannon's
mouth. Thev will hold convention with you
only on the field of death. There you must meet
them. There only can you break down the bul-
warks of treason. When you have done this,
when you have beaten und scattered theirarmies,
when you have broken the power of this military
despotism, then, and not till then, nan you reach
and appeal to the people themselves. Having
done- this, having demonstrated your ability to
punish treason, having shown vuiir unyit-ldmg
determination to preserve, the national life, and
your power to protect the loyal citizen, then pro-
pose your terms of conciliation and peace; then
throw wide open the doors of the paternal man-
sion, and kindly and fraternally invito back to
the enjoyment of their old rights your erring and
misguided, though honest, countrymen of the
South. Do this, and [ doubt not—slowly it may
be, but Hurely-—reason, old associations, the al-
lurements of peace, love of country, will make up
again the e.ircle of erjunl States, and restore be-
tween them their ancient harmony.
I know certain members on the other side of the
Hall, in order to give some pretext for their un-
christian and bnibarons demand for the exterm-
ination of the people of the rebellious States, re-
hash and repeat the false statements of Jeffer-
son Davis and his allies, that the entire South is
unanimous for rebellion, and no love of the Union
is left, and that they will resist and lepudiate
your Government as long as a man js left to
shoulder a musket. Now, sir, I will admit that
the ferocious threats which have been indulged in
so frequently by thesegentlemen,ai d the unwise
legislation and extreme measures to which! have
already alluded, have done much to consolidate
the South against us, have destroyed much of the
Union feeling which prevailed at the beginning of
the war, and have gone fas to excite that bitter-
ness and hate of which they complain. Butyet
I contend that there still live, in every State in
rebellion, with, perhaps, one single exception,
thousands of men who cherish in sectet an ardent
love for the old Government, and pray for its suc-
cess—men who, if the military power of the rebel
government be broken, and their voices be again
permitted to be heard, will reestablish theirState
governments in proper subordination to the Fed-
eral authority.
The proofs that this Union sentiment still
exists are not wanting. Wherein do the people
of Tennessee differ from those of Kentucky; the
people of Arkansas from tho.se of Missouri; the
people of Virginia from those of Maryland? They
have the same social institutions. They follow
the same pursuits. They have the same inter-
ests. They are of the same blood. Before the
war began,"their feelings and opinions were al-
most identical. It cannot be possible, then, that
while three fourths of the people of Kentucky and
Missouri are loyal, the people of Tennessee and
Arkansas are unanimous for the rebellion. It can-
not be possible that while two thirds of the people
of Maryland are true to the Government, the en-
tire people of Virginia are willingly seeking to
destroy it.
More than tills: wherever our armies have pen-
etrated the original lines of the rebellion so as to
furnish anything like permanent protection, the
love of the Union has shown itself, not in profes-
sion only, but in large accessions to your armies.
Your forces early entered western Virginia. That
part of the State has since put fifteen thousand
Union soldiers into the field. You took posses-
sion of the coast of North Carolina; a regiment of
loyal white men have since joined your standard.
You captured New Orleans; and the gentleman
who represents that city, in part, on this floor,
[Mr. IIahn,] informed us the other day that four
thousand white citizens of Louisiana had since
entered the Army. You took possession of parts
of the State of Arkansas, and my friend from Mis-
souri , recently acting military governor of that
State, [Mr. Piiei.ps,] informs me that two thou-
sand of her citizens are now in our Army. You
penetrated the State of Tennessee; and to-day her
Representatives on this floor inform me she has
fifteen thousand men in the field battling under
the old flag', more than ten thousand of whom
have volunteered since you entered theState. So,
too, did your armies hold North Carolina, Ala-
bama, Georgia, and Texas, the same results would
follow. Why,sir, within the last month the rebel
authorities have been compelled to suul armed
forces into western North Carolina and northern
Alabama to disperse bands of Union men, who
set at defiance theirbogus government; and in the
State of Texas the summary hanging of hundreds
of her loyal people can scarce keep down the
smoldering fues of pabiousm. Sit, give oh mil-
itary sikchs, and afterwards a firm, humane, and
magnanimous policy towards the masses who
have 'mg m rebellion, and the Union will be
restored
How, then, that military suet-ess to be
achieved ? What does our duty demand ? To bend
all our energies to the vigorous prosecution of the
war. To banish all side issues, which but distract
us, the people, and our forces in the field. To en-
courage our brave soldiers while they fight ihe
battles of the country. To hold up before them
and all our people the cause of the Union, ay the
first, the most important, and the holiest of causes.
To put more men in the field, if more men be re-
quired. To forego for the time being our party
strifes and dissensions, and present our unbroken
front against the enemy. To demand of the Pres-
ident that he give unity and vigor to his Adminis-
tration; that he put his best geneials at the head
of his armies, generals in whom they have confi-
dence, and then back them by his own support
and that of hi.s entire Cabinet. Tims will the
gloom which surrounds us bo dispelled; thus
will your armies inscribe victory on their ban-
ners.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am one of those who believe
in the impossibility of breaking up the Union.
Whatever may seem the prospects of the hour, I
believe it is indestructible and indivisible. Wicked
and ambitious men may assail it, weak and de-
luded men may join in the assault, but they can-
not destroy it. Treason may endeavor to sap its
inn^r foundations, while kingly power thunders
upon its outer walls, but it shall still stand fast.
Disasters and 'defeats may visit it, the men who
no.v battle for it may perish in its defense, but it
shall remain the heritage of their children and
their children's children to the latest generations.
How soon its authority shall be restored through-
out all its limits I cannot tell. 1 can only, faith-
fully di'^chaiging what I believe to be my duty in
its behalf, pray kind Heaven that day may speed-
ily come.
" M * s s r s. W A L L A C E of Pennsylvania, PRICE,
DENNET, WINDOM, ROLLINS of Missouri,
NORTON, PIKE, VAN HORN, YEA MAN,
LAZEAR, and ANCONA asked and obtained
leave to print speeches. [Their speeches will be
published in the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. ANCONA, (at
fifteen minutes past twelve o'clock, a. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 2, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the reading of the
proceedings of Saturday be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the reading of the*
Journal was dispensed with.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr.WILLEYpresented the credcntialsofHon
Lemuel J. Bowden, elected a Senator by the Le-
gislature of the State of Virginia for the term of six
years from and after the 4th day of March, 1863;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
KX15CUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 26th instant, aeopy
of correspondence between him find workingmen
in England; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message from tin* President of tho
United States, transmitting a copy of a preamble
and joint resolution of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of New Mexico, accepting the
benefit of the act of Congress approved tho 2d of
July last, entitled An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture und
the mechanic arts: " which was ordered to He on
the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also presented
to the Senate a message from the President of the
United Stat's, transmitting a dispatch to the Sec-
retary of State from the United States consul at
Liverpool, and the addiess to which it refers, of
the distressed operatives of Blackburn, in Eng-
land, to the New York Relief Committee, and to
the inhabitants of the United States generally;
which was ordeK-d to li* on the table, and be
printed.
KESOLUTIOXS OF MICHIGAN.
Mi. CHANDLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan in favor of the procla-
mation of tht- President, of the United States of
the 1st of January, emancipating the slaves in the
insurgent Slates, and pledging the State of Mich-
igan to Hustain the national Administration in all
its efforts to quell the present rebellion, and re-
store m>'hc to the Union; which were read, and
ordered t*> lie on the table, and be printed.
AGRICULTURAL XIEPOKT.-
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred amotiontoprinttwenty
thousand additional copies of the report of'the
Commissionerof Agriculture, reported the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Jicsolveil, That there iie printed, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand copies of tho annual report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, for the use of the Senate,
liom steieotjpe plates; and that ten thousand additional
copied be printed whenever authorized by the Committee
on Punting.
MESSAGE FUOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re*
port of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
It'. No. 708) making appropriations for the naval
S' i '• ice for the year ending 30th of June, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
had receded from its amendment to the bill of the
Senate (No. 494) to give greater efficiency to the
judicial system of the United States, disagreed to
by the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (No. 154) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue Amer-
ican registers to certain vessels named therein; in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. NicoLAY,his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed the following acts:
A bill (S. No. 311) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporal y government for
the Territory of Colorado;"
