488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. EDWARDS. I move, as an amendment
to the amendment, to increase the tax upon the
banks from four to six per cent.
Mr. Chairman, I have made this amendment
because I believe that, if it be adopted, it will be
effectual; and I think that if a victim is to be sac-
rificed, it ought to be done effectually. If we tax
the banks six per cent., we will take all of the
profits from a large number of banks in the coun-
try. I think that we should not assail the banks
thus indirectly. I hope that my amendment may
be adopted, for the purpose of making the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, if possible,
more odious than it is now. If the committee
wants to do justice, let them adopt my amend-
ment to the amendment, and then reject the amend-
ment as amended.
- Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr, Chairman,
I understand that. most of us would agree that it
is proper to tax the business capital of the coun-
try for the purpose ofcarrying on the,Government.
It is for that reason I am in favor of taxing (he
bank circulation. A bank that hag a capital of
$100,000 has a circulation of §300,000.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Where ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will look to the banks of his own and various other
States, he will find that they issue circulation m
proportion to their capital, as I have stated it. 1
think to one dollar of capital they issue three dol-
lars of currency. I believe that the banks pretty
generally hold that proportion of three to one, or,
at least, of two to one between their circulation
and theircapital. Now, what is the profit of the
- banks? What is itupon which they issue their
large dividends? Why, sir, upon their circula-
tion, If a hank of $100,000 capital issues #300,000
of currency, then instead of interest on §100,000
they receive interest on §300,000. There is where
they make their large profits. Now, why cannot
men consider thisquestion aside from politics? Il
is a very plain one. Why should not<t t<ix be paid
by the banks upon the source of their profits,
when manufactmers and others are compelled to
do so? Why should the hanking; business be
excluded when all others are included ? I under-
stand the policy of the tax law to be that the ac-
tive living capital upon which profit is made, upon
which dividends are made, shall be taxed; that
from that source we aie to realize the taxes for
the support of the Government. 1 think that that
is a sound policy, and 1 would extend it to the
hanking institutions of the country. They have
a power that individuals have not, and 1 say that
they should not have the privilege of issuing cir-
culation upon which they make large profits with-
out paying for it in the way of taxation. That
is the point I make.
I have nothing to do in regard to the Democratic
party or to the Republican party. I wish to God
that we could fora moment forget our party strife,
which is sinking us low in the estimation of the
people, and lift ourselves to the great question of
saving the Government.
• [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Edwards's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to add to
the end of the amendment the following:
And all bank<>, wii'*tin?riinvin?a circulation of bank nntc<?
or not, shall pay upon ih<*ir lulhreccivable, over and above
the amount of'thetr cnculation, a tax of two per cent.
Mr. Chairman, I have no desire to say a word
on the amendment. It explains itself. Its object
is to reach that class of corporations in regard to
which discussion was so extended on yesterday.
I do not think that in frammgatax bilffor raising
revenue there should be such a discrimination
against the banks of circulation and in favor of
the banks of deposit,
Mr, SHEFFIELD. I am opposed to theamend-
ment to tiie amendment for this reason: it will
have the tendency to inflate the currency of the
country. What is the proposition? That the
banks shall be taxed for bills receivable overand
above the amount in circulation,thereby inducing
the banks to increase their circulation to the end
that they may avoid taxation.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois checks the expansion
of circulation. Whileit checks that four per cent,
this checks it only two per cent.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio and to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois. I
think that they are both wrong.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg]
stated a moment ago that the circulation of the
bunks is three times their capital. Now, sir,
the banking capital of my district ismoie than
$20,000,000", while their circulation is less than
twenty per cent. It cannot exceed sixty per cent.
1 think that the statement of the gentleman isex-
tuivagant. It is not true in regard to the New
England banks, and it cannot be true, because of
the system there of each bank redeeming its cir-
culation weekly m Boston in cash or its equiva-
lent. I suppose that the gentlemen of the House
are familiar with the Suffolk system of banking.
Every bank must redeem its circulation weekly
in specie or its equivalent. And the secret of the
legal tender notes being scarce is that they are held
by the New England bunks in order that they may
be in reserve to redeem their cnculation. They
are held for the same purpose as com.
The ^ fleet of tins is exceedingly unjust to the
banks, because their dividends, as has been stated
to the House, are taxed now by the General Gov-
ernment, and also taxed by the States. Most of
the States derive a huge revenue from these insti-
tutions. They are the creatures of local law, and
it is an infringement upon the rights of the States to
tax thisrlass ofinstitutions out ofexistence. The
gentleman from Veunont [Mr. Morrill] says
that his object is to lestuct bank circulation. He
says the object of this section is to restrict that
ciiculation perse, while ihe gentleman from Illi-
nois, upon my right, [Mi. Kellogg,] desires to
tax the banks foi the purpose of obtaining icve-
nue—the very purpose wnich the gentleman from
Vermontdisclaims. Now, tins is an inconsistency
between the friends of a tax upon this cuirency.
As I said yesterday, I am willing, as a matter
of compromise—for all these great questions must
be compromised more or less—to go for the bill of
the committee as against all others.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei mont. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois by
reducing the tax to one per cent, semi-annually.
1 do piotest against the idea constantly thrown
out here that tiie banks of the countiy aie either
useless or dangerous to the people or the country.
I believe they are among the most beneficent in-
stitutions connected with the great business oper-
ations now in existence: and ior one, I am not for
stiiking them down without a why or a where-
fore; and this would be the result if the measuies
which are proposed m some p.uts of the House
should be adopted. At the piesent time, whenever
it is neces.sary to move any considerable amount
of the produce of the country, the banks are com-
pelled to increase their cnculation in order to ac-
commodate (hen-customers. It is so in Pennsyl-
vania in leiaiion to coal; it is so in relation to all
the gieat piotluctions of the countiy, mineral or
vegetable. After autumnal harvests the banks is-
sue a large, and frequently a vet y large amount of
circulation, for the purpose of moving vast quan-
tities of produce to the eastern markets and the
markets of the world. Whenever it is necessary
in my own State, as well us other StaU s, to move
the great staple of wool inlo the hands of the man-
ufacturers, our bank circulation often doubles m
amount beyond what it is at any other time. And
it is so in all parts of the country. This is, in the
first instance, an accommodation to purchasers,
but it is a far greater one to those who have any-
thing to sell. Now, if you restrict this cnculation,
the inevitable effect will be to drive the purchasers
of the staples of the country to apply to a few
rich capitalists, or to land-sharks and usurers, in
order to obtain loans with which to move these
vast agricultural and mineral products. I am
against any such suicidal policy; and therefore I
do say that it is the true policy of the Government
to regulate these institutions, if you please, but
not to destroy them.
I am willing to regulate them as we propose to
do by the biil now under consideration, or in any
other better manner, if any shall be suggested.
And whenever, in any portion of the country,
there is a circulation which is extravagant, the
bill, as aheady fixed, imposes a tax which will
icpress it: but I am unwilling to annihilate at a
blow institutions so long established and so inter- ;
woven with all the huomessinterests of the country.
Mr. WALKER. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Vermont,
I think that no tax can be more just or more ben-
eficial to the whole country than the one now pro-
posed by the gentleman fiom Illinois.
The gentleman from Vermont intimates that
there are persons here who are disposed to injure
and destroy the banks. Now, sir, I do not be-
lieve there is anybody here of that character, nor
do I believe that this measure will have the effect
to destroy the banks.
What is their circulation? Why, the gentle-
man fiom Illinois was mistaken as to the amount,
which, at the highest, is about two huodied and
fifty million dollars. Wc all know that that earns
certainly six per cent., and much of it ten per
cent. Now, it is proposed to lay a tax there,
and it is just that they should give hack to the
people some of that which the banks take from
them merely for the use of the credit of the banks.
And the people ought to have as much as is
claimed by this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to know
whcthei the Government proposes to lend its credit
to the banks?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly they have the right
to do it, if they choose. The banks now have
$450,000,000 of deposits, and §250,000,000 of that
is lying idle. Money is so abundant now that
interest is down to four and five per cent., as we
all know. Now is the very time to take this step,
when you can benefit the banks in reality, because
you will stop a tremendous expansion which must
end in ruin, and at the same tim« you will estab-
lish a system vastly more beneficial than the one
which now exists.
As to the dividends, of couise, it will reduce
them. How much arc thev? More than they
ought ever to have been. Capital cannot afford
to pay the dividends which the banks have charged
upon the people. In Massachusetts they are eight
per cent. That is thirty-three per cent, of interest
more than they ought to have. A six per cent.,
dividend is all that a bank should pay. When a
capitalist can put his money into bank, and every
six months receive a dividend of three percent,
upon it, without any care or anxiety, ought he
not to be satisfied ? I think so; and 1 think that
for that six per cent, the banks can affoid to give
us a sound currency, not a sham currency, nor a
currency which will disappear when it is needed.
There cannot be a more beneficial measure than
this, and under it every hank which should have
an existence will still exist. That is all that the
business of the counh y demands. They have all
the deposits to lend which they legitimately should
lend, and they have the privilege of charging ex-
change besides.
[Ileie the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend by making
the amount of the tax one per cent. I am in favor
of that kind of legislation the tendency of which
w ill be to change,as far as piacticable, the circu-
lating medium from banknotes to Treasury notes.
The Government is not in a position to obtain
specie. The cieditors of the Government are to
be paid,and they prefer gieenhacks to bank notes.
The Treusuiy notes, issued upon the faith of the
Government, and pledging the property of the
country for their redemption, are mote safe and
reliable—and the people know it—than any bank
notes issued by any banks in any of the States.
Hence it is that in most section** of the country
Treasuiy notes command a premium over bank
notes.
I am in favor of that kind of legislation the
tendency of which will be to introduce Treasury
notes as the circulating medium. Wc are to pay
our creditors in paper money, or that which is
called money. We cannot obtain the gold. If we
go into the market and dispose of our bonds for
bank notes, and with the bank notes pay the pub-
lic creditors, the Government loses not only the
interest winch it pays upon its bonds, but it loses
the discount which it is compelled to pay in mak-
ing the exchange. Why, siu, shall the Govern-
ment, when our creditors prefer our notes to bank
notes, issue bonds and sell them at a discount, and
receive in payment paper money which is not as
good as the paper we ourselves issue?
Why should not the Government save the in-
terest which it pays upon these bonds, and save
