1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•41
the discount? Why should it not directly, as far
as possible, issue its own promises to pay and
give them toils creditois, when they are tnuch
preferred by the creditors to this bank paper?
For these reaspns I am in favor of the amend-
ment, the tendency of which may be to reduce
the amount of bank circulation of the country,
and substitute for it Treasury notes, enough of
which I apprehend the Government will be com-
pelled to issue to fill up the vacuum made by the
retirement of bank notes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. When my time
expired before, I was about remarking that gen-
tlemen of the Democratic party of the country
charged it upon us that wc did not propose to tax
the banks. I merely desire to say here, in rela-
tion to that, that we did not answer that charge,
because we were unable to answer it, and, it be-
ing a just reproach, we took the consequences;
and now I am unwilling that we shall continue in
the same position, gentlemen upon theother side
keeping silent and refusing to vote, so that if this
proposition fails now, they may go back next year
and make the same charge against us. I believe
they were right, and I ask them to come up now
and do what they told the people ought to be done;
and I demand of the Republicans here that they
shall do now what we could not answer last fall
for not doing, levy a tax upon bank circulation
for the support of the Government. That is all I
desire to say in that regard.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Arnold,] and
I am somewhat opposed to the proposition of my
colleague near me, [Mr. Lovejoy,] foi the reason
that 1 think they put the tax too high. Myjudg-
mcnt is, that two or throe per cent, is about the
point that would effect the object.
It is said by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] that the great advantage of the bank-
ing institutions of the country consists in this,
that when the commodities of the country—and
he instances the grain of the West—require to be
moved, the banks of the country expand the cir-
culation or withhold it, but expand it generally,
to enable us to move our eiops to maiket. Mr.
Chairman, that is just what I complain of, that the
great resources of the country, the products of the
country, East and West, should be made to de-
pend upon the will of the banks and the money-
lenders, to lender or to withhold facilities. That
power should not press down upon the energies
of the people, upon the produce of the country. I
am opposed to the banking system because it does
just what the gentleman says it is intended 10 do,
and what eveiy man at the West knows that it
has done foi the last ten years, made nstubutary
to the banks, when we would move to the mar-
kets the immense productions of the West. The
gentleman says that it is neressaiy. 1 want to
ask this committee why this currency, which, it
is said, will be redundant, the ''greenbacks," as
they are called, will not take the place of this cur-
rency of the banks and move to the market the
products of the country? That currency cannot
be controlled and limited orexpanded at the will
of bankers. Thar is why I am in favor of it.
And now let me say to you, in conclusion, for I
see the Cliaii man Js hammer is already raised, that
in the West we have never had so good acurrency
as we have got to-day, and that is the Government
currency.
[Flere the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNOLD. I withdraw theamendment to
the amendment.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I move to amend the
amendment, so as to reduce the tax one half. I
have taken no pait in this running discussion on
the proposition to tax bank circulation. I have
listened to it, however, and 1 find that the object
of this legislation is not so much to raise revenue
as it is to do a thing indirectly which you have
not the constitutional right to do directly, and
that is to regulate by legislation of Congress the
banking systems now in existence in the several
States." Come up to the point and say at once
that you have the power to regulate the banking
institutions of the States, and pass a law prohib-
iting their circulation. Do not abuse the taxing
power of Congress, under the pretense of raising
revenue to carry out an object which yon have no
right to accomplish directly. This much I say
in reference to the general proposition to tax cur-
rency. If you want to raise revenue, do as 1
wanted you to do last year, tax the cash capital
that is at interest in the hands of the banks as
well as in the hands of individuals. You levy the
tax now upon the consumption of the country,
and the effect of it is that while it is paid in the
East, those in the West who are the consumers
have to pay it to the extent of their consumption
in the enhanced price of the commodities.
But I have another remark to make. I think
the Representatives from Illinois have a right
to talk about bank currency. Their State broke
themselves and broke everybody else in attempt-
ing to bank, and no wonder they are making war
upon institutions which are solvent in other parts
of the country. We are to have a big bank or-
ganized here under the thumb of the Secretary of
the Treasury after a while, and to have inaugu-
rated, as I understand it, that very system which
burst in Illinois to the ruin of the money credit of
the State. I do not blame Illinoisiansfor making
war upon bank currency, because a burnt child
dreads the lire. But we have solvent banks,State
institutions, both at the Noith and at the West;
and if you waut to raise revenue you have a right
to tax their capital; but you ha\o no right, under
the pretense of taxation, to levy a tax upon their
circulation with a view of driving them out of
ex is ten ce.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, the immediate
question under consideration, as 1 understand it,
does not necessarily involve the question of bank-
ing, although 1 am fiankto say that I would like
some such measuio as that indicated by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. 1 believe that wc have
the constitutional power to legislate these corpo-
rations that issue bills of credit out of existence;
and if wc had votes enough, I would be glad to see
such a measure introduced, and that we should
claim what I believe the Constitution intended we
should claim, the exclusive right of r< gulatmg the
currency and issuing bills of credit. But it is un-
derstood that that question is now past owing to
the long toleration of these institutions. Now,
sir, I believe that this banking system which is
continually thrust before us heie, is inherently and
of necessity wrong. It is based upon this idea,
that if a man has $100,000 to loan, he shall have
the piivilege of loaning $300,000; and these bank
'hills, instead of being symbols of something that
is behind them sufficient lo redeem them, instead
of being one dollar, or five dollai s, or ten dollars,
as they go all over the country pui poi ting to be,
have nothing behind them to ledeem them. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. jSpaulding] says
that there are about ^87,000,000 hi the uatiks
ihi onghout the count 1 y, and yet he says there are
S300,000,000 of calculation. Now, I would like
to know how $87,000,000oan 1 edeem $,300,000,000.
The vei y moment that a bank gets enough to pay
its circulation, in other words to pay its notes,
then the banking business is unprofitable. The
veiy idea is, that they shall pretend to be some-
thing which they are not, and go about with false-
hood on their faces, and preiry picUues, and the
signatures of ihe president ami the cashier, ail of
them lying, there being no gold or silver dollars
behind them.
Mr. LAW. Will tla. gcntlt-inan allow me to
a«-lc him a question ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have not time.
Mr. LAW. I merely want to ask him what is
behind the Treasury notes:
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 have not time to yield for
anv question. The gentleman from Kentucky
[.VI r. Wickliffe] has refei 1 ed to the banking sys-
tem of Illinois, and says he docs not blame us for
making wer on the banks, because we have been
burnt.° How burnt? We tool^tha very idea nf
the banking system of New "V ot k, which is said
to be the most perfect 111 the woild; we had State
stocks pledged for the ledomption of : he bills; and
then when the slaveholder's rebellion broke out
they all vanished into thin air. That is why our
banks fell. But these matteis are all irrelevant,
and their introduction heie shows that those wlm
ore opposed to this amendment aie conscious of
then weakness befoie the House and betore the
country. I trust, sir, theie is magnanimity enough
, m the committee to give us a vote upon this amend-
! ment in the House by yeas and nays. I ask it as
| a privilege and favor of the House, that they will
! allow the Illinois members to record their votes
| on the yeas and nays in the House, so that we
i may stand there on the record and go down to all
coming generations, as I want to do, asopposetl
to this thing.
Now, the practical question before the comjnit-
tee is really one of revenue. It is a questioft
whether if we issue $600,000,000 at six per cent,,
the Government shall save $36,000,000? 1 ask the
attention of the committee to this point.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, LOVEJOY. 1 ask for two or three min-
utes longer.
Mr. HORTON. ^1 object, and I move that the
committee do now rise for the purpose of closing
debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, now, sir, I hope that
will not be done just at present.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker ;>*'o tempore, Mr. Camp-
bell reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union genci ally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 659, to provide ways
and moans for the support of the Government,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HORTON. I move that all debate in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on section ten and the pending amendments close
in one minute after the committee shall have re-
sumed their consideration.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend bjfemaking
it thiee minutes instead of one.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Horton's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HORTON. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee oftlie Whole on the stateofthe Union.
UEiniKSENTATIVE FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I rise to a privi-
; leged question. I move that Mr. Grafflin, a Rep-
resentative from the eighth congressional district
ot Virginia, be permitted to qualify and take his
seat as a member of this House.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to refer
the credentials of the gentleman to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I ask that the cre-
dentials be read. ^
The Clerk commenced the reading of the proc-,
tarnation of the Governor of Virginia.
Mr. HORTON. I insist on my motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That takes pre-
cedence of the other question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the credentials will
be considered as read, so that they may go into
the Globe,and form part of to-day's proceedings.
Mr. HORTON. Let it go into the Globe with-
out its being read.
Theie being no objection, it was so ordered.
The proclamation is as follow^
a v It 0 c i. a m a t i 0 n .
By the Govcinot.
Whereas, 011 tlic llith day of December, in pur-
suance el authoiity vrj-tod m me by the law* ot this Com-
, momvealtb, I <hi  oterl wriN to be issued, ordetins an elec-
j tioa for a itepreM'iiiaiivr' m tho Thirty-Seventh Congress of
j the United Seatt * to be held on the 3\h day ot January, 1863,
I in the mjrhth eonete-.-.ion'U distuetof Vnginta. composed
I o 1 the conniie- of Fiedeuek, P<ige, Wauen. Cl.nke, Berke-
' icy. Jctfewtn. Uamp-ime, Motg:an, and Xioudon ; and
i \\ herea-, H !•* eerliUed to nv b\ the p">per oiljcei*. that Jit
, said Heonoiu held in pnisiiance of said wnN, m the county
; ol Morgan. J.~>S votes weie <-a*-t for ChiiMophoi L.Giafthn,
{ Emj , and foi Joseph S Win at,E-'i ; and in the county
' ol Jkikeicy, J 15 VOK^ WC!( ui\ioi -.(id CiafHia; and m
' the t ouiiiY of Hump-hue, 69 vot'\- v ere toi ^aid Grat-
! diiK and v2 votes 101 -aid Wheat;
i Now, therefore ], Fi.uk i> U P-mi point. Governor of the
I Commonwealth ot Vsigin'a, do derlate that, horn the le-
: turns made tnm<\ihe =-aid Giatiim \va*eiected itepre&enta-
] live a< .Uoie^ani.
' Gi\en undir my hand and the «reat <-eal of the Common-
wealth. at the ettv of Wheeling, tins 14t)i day of
f 1.. s ] Jan urn v, in the \ ear ot our Lord ]863. and m the
eis'tnv-f-eventh \ea.t of the Commonwealth.
" * FRANCIS H. I'EIIIPOINT.
B\ the Governor:
' L. A IIaua.ns, Secretary of the Commonwealth.
The question was taken on Mr. Hokton's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
TVATS AND MEAXS.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of t^e Union, (Mr. Pike
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
