1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
A bill (S. No. 407) to fix the terms of the cir-
cuit ami district courts in the districts of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa; 4
' - A bill (S. No. 4C7) to preventand punish frauds
upon the Government of the United States; and
A bill (S. No. 515) to authorize an increase in
the number of major generals and brigadier gen-
erals for forces in the service of the United States.
PROCEEDINGS IN PRIZE CASES.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to suspend all prior
orders, and to take up Senate bill No. 577, further
to regulate proceedings in prize eases, and to
amend various acts of Congress in relation thereto.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that whenever any prize property shall
be condemned in any district or circuit court, or
shall at any stage of the proceedings be found by
the court to bo perishing, perishable, or liable to
deteriorate or depreciate, or whenever the costs of
keeping it shall be disproportionate to its value,
or whenever all the parties m interest who have
appeared in the case shall agree thereto, it shall
be the duty of the court to order a sale thereof,
and no appeal shall operate to prevent the making
or execution of such order. Upon any sale the
marshal is forthwith to deposit the gross proceeds
of the sale with the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States nearest to the place of sale, and sub-
ject to the order of the court in the particular case;
and the court may at any time order the payment
from such deposit of the expenses and disburse-
ments necessarily incurred in the custody, pres-
ervation, and sale of the property, audited and
allowed by the court in the manner provided by
law. When a decree of condemnation shall be
made in any cause, the court may, m like manner,
order the payment from the deposit of the costs,
fees, and charges decreed in the cause; and on a
final decree of distribution, after the payment of
such costs, fees, and expenses, the residue of the
deposit is, by order of the court, to be paid into
the Treasury of the United States for distribution
according to the decree. The clerk of the court is
forthwith to transmit to the Secretary of theTreas-
uryand the Secretary of the Navy certified copies
of the final decree of distribution; and in case the
final decree shall be for restitution without costs,
the costs, fees, and disbursements allowed by the
courtand unpaid are to be acharge upon the fund
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United Suites is a party or interested. The Treas-
ury Department is to credit the Navy Department
with the amount held for distribution; and the
several officers, marines, sailors, and other persons
m the naval service entitled to share in the prize
money, are to be credited in their accounts with
the Navy Department with the amount to which
they are respectively entitled.
The bill further provides that the Secretary of
the Navy or the Secretary of War may take any
captuicd vessel, any arms or munitions of war, or
other material, for the use of the Government;
and when the same shall have been taken, before
being sent in for adjudication, or afterwards, the
Department for whose use it was taken shall de-
posit its value in the Treasury, subject to the or-
der of the court in which prize proceedings shall
be taken in the case; and when there is a final
decree of distribution in the prize court, or if no
proceedings in prize shall be taken, the money is
to be credited to the Navy Departmentto be dis-
tributed according to law. The Secretary of the
Navy is to employ an auctioneer or auctioneers of
established reputation in that branch of merchan-
dise to make sales of all prize goods, under the
direction of the marshal of the district in which
the property shall be ordered to be sold, and at a
rate of compensation not to exceed in any case
oneand one fourth percent, upon the gross amount
of the sales; and the sales are to be adveitised in
the fullest and most conspicuous manner, and to
the satisfaction of the Secretary pf the Navy.
Any^i'aud, collusion, or combination, or any act
or fraudulent devicc or contrivance m the sale and
disposition of any prize property, by which the
cantors or the Government aie or may be defraud-
ed', is declared to be a felony; and any public of-
ficer or agent, or any other person engaged therein,
upon conviction before any court of competent
jurisdiction, is to be liable to a fine not exceeding
*30,000, and to imprisonment not exceeding ten
veurs, or to both, m the discretion of the court.
The bill also proposes to amend the third sec-
tion of the act of 25th March, 1862, entitled "An
act to facilitate evidence and proceedings in and
adjudications upon captured property of prize,"
so'that the compensation of counsel to the cap-
tors to be adjusted and determined by the court,
and paid and allowed as costs, shall be confined
to compensation for such service^as may be ren-
dered necessary by reason of the captors having
interests conflicting with those of the United States,
and proper in the opinion of the court to be rep-
resented by separate counsel from those repre-
senting the United States; and to repeal so much
of the twelfth section of the act of July 17, 1862,
entitled "An act for the better government of the
Navy of the United States," as authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to employ an agent or
counsel for the captors and to fix his compensa-
tion.
It is further provided thatthecommissioners in
prize shall not exceed two in any judicial district
of the United States, to be appointed by the dis-
trict court,"one of whom shall be a retired naval
officer, to be appointed by the courtand approved
by the Secretary of the Navy; and the annual sal-
aries in each district of both commissioners are
not to exceed $6,000; and all counsel fees in prize
cases in the Supreme Court of the United States,
which have been or may be incurred or author-
ized by any Department of the Government are to
be audited and allowed by the Attorney General
and Solicitor of the Treasury, and to be acharge
upon and paid out of the fund appropriated for
defraying the expenses of suits in which the Uni-
ted States are parties or interested. When the
court shall allow witnesses' fees to any witness
in a prize cause, and the court has no money sub-
ject to its order in the cause, the same shall be
paid by the marshal as in the case of witnesses in
causes in which the United States is a party, and
shall be repaid from any money deposited to the
order of the court in the cause. Appeals from the
district courts of the United States in prize causes
are to be directly to the Supreme Court, and to be
made within thirty days of the rendering of the
decree appealed from, unless the court shall pre-
viously have extended the time for cause shown
in the particular case; and tlte Supreme Court is
always to be open for the entry of such appeals.
Such appeals may be claimed when ever theamount
in controversy exceeds $2,000, and in other cases
on the certificate of the district judge that the ad-
judication involves a question of difficulty ofgen-
eral importance.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to inquire whether this
bill has been to a committee.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator desires any
explanation, 1 am prepared to give it.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me an important
bill, and I wish to understand it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Kentucky
is right in saying that this is a very important bill.
It has been submitted to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and lias met their approbation. I will
state to the Senator that it has been drawn by
some of the ablest jurists in the country, whose
attention has been culled, on the bench and other-
wise, to the provisions of the laws relating to prize
as they now stand, and the necessity for some
changes. There have been captured during this
war upwards of six hundred prizes tipon the high
seas, amounting,according to the British estimate,
to upwaids of .£8,000,000 sterling, or $40,000,000,
one half of which ought properly to go into tlie
Treasury of the United States, but as the laws
( have been hitherto administered, a very small por-
! tion of it will ever find its way into the Treasury
I The first section of this bill provides that there
1 shall be a sale of all prize property at the earliest
! possible day after it shall be condemned in the
I district court. The delay in the sales has been
1 the principal cause of ail the expenses that have
i attended these prize causes; and it arises from
i charges for wharfage, storage, and general depre-
1 ciation of value. In the Massachusetts district
! Judge Sprague has always ordered that the sale
' of the captuled property should immediately take
< place, and one of the lesults has been that the
i whole of the costs in the Massachusetts district
: have not on the average exceeded five per cent, in
! the disposition of prizes, while in other districts
the costs have averaged between fourteen and a
half and fifteen and a half per cent. This section
also provides that the amounts that are received
and allotted by order of the court to the officers
and men on board a ship making a capture shall
be immediately credited to the men, and be paid
by the paymaster of the ship upon which the men
may be, instead of compelling them to employ
lawyers to come here to Washington and draw it
from the Navy agent in Washington, as is now?
the ca,%> I think every Senator will see that there
is a mannest propriety in that. It is a great sav-
ing to the men who are entitled to themoney. The
law now provides that it shall be paid over into .
the hands of the Navy agent at Washington, and
a sailor or officer on board of a ship who is or-
dered to return to the navy-yard at Charlestown or
New York is either obliged to come here with per-
sons to identify him, or else to secure the services
of a lawyer, and pay him his fees to make out his
papers there, and send the lawyer on to draw the
money. This provides that the money shall be
credited to the sailor on his ship's books.
The second section authorizes the War'and
Navy Departments to take vessels, arms, and mu-
nitions, and all materials of war at their appraised
value. It is supposed by prize lawyers and judges
who have been called to adjudicate upon these
questions, that there is a necessity for some le-
gislation on this point,and it is understood that the
British minister has made some complaint about
our taking some English vessels that have been
captured in this way. One reason why this sec-
tion is put in is that hardly any munitions of war,
arms, or anything of that kind will bring their
real value unless they are bought by the Govern-
ment. This provides that the Government shall
take them without their being exposed to public
sale, by which it would be compelled to pay all
the expenses attending that sale, the auctioneers'
fees, &c. This section is similar to a section in
the British law on the same subject.
The third section authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to employ auctioneers of established repu-
tation in the line of merchandise to be sold, and
to pay them a compensation of one and one fourth
per cent. 1 understand it to have been the fact,
in a great many instances, that the marshals in
some of the districts have employed auctioneers
who were not connected at all with the sale of the
articles they were called upon to sell, but were
furniture auctioneers; and the charge in every in-
stance has been two and a half percent. I have
been told that in one instance, in the Massachu-
setts district, a bill was presented for $3,700, as
an auctioneer's fee. The district attorney of that
district, who is a gentleman tlmt attends properly
to the discharge of his duties, objected to its
allowance, and carried the case before Judge
Sprague. Judge Sprague struck his pen through
the figure " 3" and allowed the auctioneer $700,
in place of $3,700. This section reduces the ,
amount from two and one half per cent., which
they have been charging, to one and one fourth
per cent. It also provides that the advertisements
of the sales shall be made in the most conspicuous
manner possible, so that any person who desires
to purchase any of the articles that may be on
board the vessel and composing a part of its cargo,
may have an opportunity of knowing what is to
be sold, and attending the sale if he desires. 1
have been told that in some instances advertise-
ments have been inserted in an obscure corner
of an inconspicuous newspaper, saying that the
cargo of a certain vessel would be sold at a certain
time, not specifying what the cargo was, so that
a merchant who wanted to buy perhaps the very
articles included in the cargo, did not know that
they weie to be sold, and, therefore, would not
attend the sale. He has not time to go to the mar-
shal's office and hunt up a schedule of tile ar-
ticles that are to be sold. The third section also
makes all frauds and combinations in order to de-
I preciate the value or to prevent a fair and open
I sale of prize property a felony, and subjects the
! parties who enter into such combinations to heavy
j penalties, both of fine and imprisonment.
The fourth section provides that the third sec-
i tion of the act of March, 18G2, allowing the courts
i to tax the cost of cotffhsel fees for the captors,
shall be amended so as to allow costs only in
cases where the captors and the Government have
conflicting interests, as, for example, in the case
of question whether the captured vessel was of
