1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
superior or inferior force to the vessel making the
capture. This section changes the law which was
adopted at the last session of Congress in that par-
ticular and the reason for the change is, that the
counsel of the captors in New York have already,
as I understand, been taxed fees to the amount of
$ 12,000 in forty-four cases, and there are eighty-
one other cases, which, at the same rate, would
produce $20,000 more. This will be a saving to
the Treasury and to the parties who are entitled
to the money.
Section five provides that there shafr b'e two
prize commissioners, and one of them shall be a
retired naval officer. The whole purpose of that
is to have one man who shall represent the Gov- >
ernment, appointed by the judge of the court, and
another who shall represent the officers and men,
and thus give confidence to the stulors, who are
entitled to one half the proceeds of the captured
property.
The sixth section is simply in relation to wit-
nesses' fees.
The seventh seqtion provides that there shall
be an appeal directly from the district court to the
Supreme Court of the United States, without go-
ing through the circuit courts.
I believe these are all the provisions of the bill.
As I said before, they have met the approval of
everybody whose attention has been called to the
subject.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
PENSION TO MRS. GENERAL STEVENS.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 546, for the relief of Margaret L. Stevens,
widow of Brigadier^Cceneral Isaac I. Stevens.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Margaret L. Stevens, widow of Brigadier General
Isaac I. Stevens, on the pension roll at the rate of
fifty dollars a month from the 1st day of Septem-
ber, 18G2, to continue dining her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading;, read the third time, and passed.
PROPERTY IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 544, to provide for the collection of aban-
doned property, for the purchase of staples, and
for the prevention of frauds in insurrectionary
districts within the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Wilson,]
to strike out the second and third sections.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish simply to say with
regard to this bill, that all prior laws that have
been enacted have pioved a failure so far as bene-
fiting the Treasury from tilts abandoned property
is concerned. The first object is to turn over ail
abandoned pioperty and ail captured property to
the agent of the Treasury Department; the sec-
ond, to permit this agent to purchase from per-
sons in the rebel States their property of this de-
scription. By the bill as it stands, the agent
is authorized to purchase from a person who is
loyal at the time of purchase, and to pay him if
he continues ioyal until the time of payment. In
conversation yesterday with one of our colonels,
who has been stationed at Tuscumbia for a long
time, he told me there were a large numbei of real
Union men within the icbel linos who dared nut
bring in their cotton, and yet who were anxious
to have if seized and to take a receipt from the
officer in command.
The operation thus far has been, as this col-
onel informed me, that cotton has been taken,
j-eizwi, find divided among the officers; it has
been turned over to the quartermasters, and by
collusion between the qmutermasters and the gen-
eia! it has been finally wasted. He told me that
at Tnscumbia the tioops had gathered at least
$2,000,000 w )rth of cotton. In conversation with
General Mo gan, as they weie leaving, he said:
"Well, General, we have accomplished very lit-
tle, while at Tuscumbid, m the way of warfare;
it is rather surprising that we have not been at-
tacked and our command cut up; but we have
done a good thing for tiie Government; we have
gathered a large amount of cotton." " Why,"
said General Morgan, " you will be astonished
when I tell you that the Treasury of the United
States is not benefited to the amount of one dime
by all the cotton we have seized." The question
was asked, "what has become of it?" The re-
ply was, " it is unnecessary for me to explain to
you what has become of it; it has been divided
among these officers." The object of this bill is
to compelthedfto turn over every dollar's worth
of the cotton, and other articles seized, into the
hands of the agent of the Treasury Department.
Mr. Chase told me this morning that he had never
received one dollar from the seizures made in the
West, nor anywhere except from Hilton Head,
where he sent his own agent, and where he had
realized for the benefit of the Treasury over half
a million dollars. This bill will, m my judg-
ment, work advantageously to the Treasury. It
will hold out an inducement to these men to bc-
become loyal and to remain loyal. In my estima-
tion it ought to pass. 1 do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate, but I hope the bill will
pass just as it is. *
Mr. POWELL. One statementwhich fell from
the honorable Senator very much amazed me, and
I hope that he has been investigating that matter
before his committee on the conduct of the war,
or that if he has not he will speedily do it. He
stated that he was informed by some officers that
all the cotton seized had been divided among the
officers of the Army, if i understood him.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; and the Navy
officers too.
Mr. POWELL. We have heard a good deal
in the newspapers and otherwise about officers
speculating in cotton; but I had no idea before
that the Army of the United States was engaged
in seizing cotton, and then making a partition of
it among; the office! s of the Army. That is a most
astounding development.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator docs notprc-
cisely understand me. it was not geneially di-
vided among the officers; but certain officers have
been—well, stealing—that is it.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the honorable Senator
will have all these matters investigated before his
committee on the conduct of the war; and if proof
is made, each one o£ those officers should be dis-
missed from the service, and should be executed
for pillage, for that is what it is.
Mr. Piesident, I do not intend again to discuss
this bill, but for the reasons stated by myselfand
various other Senators the other day when we
had it up, i think the motion of the Senator from
Missouri to.strike out the second and third sec-
tions should be adopted.
The question !><nng taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows:
YICAS— Mes-i'-:. Cathie, Olatk, Cowan, T)nvN, G ime«,
TIeuder-on, Kennedy, Latham, Nesimth, Powell, Rice,
Sanl-bmv, Turpie, and Willey—14.
NAVS-Mf--!t. Aathonv, Arnold, Chandler, Di\on,
Foot, Foster, Hailan, flams Unwind, Howe, King, Lane
of Indiana, Moirill, Ponieioy, Sherman, Sunmei, Ten
Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mussu
ehu^otf-— 21.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. s I move to amend the bill by
adding as a new section:
And he itfurthci enacted^ That it -hall be the duty of every
oll'tcer ot pnvatem the regular oi vulunt-or forces ot the
(Tnucd States u ho runy take oi leeeive an) Mich abandoned
piopeity, or cotton, i iee,oi tobacco, from pei<ons in sue h ui-
suueetlon.n v di-mets oi have it nndei ln> eonttol. to turn
tin1 same over to an agent appointed a< aioH-,aid?.wlio shall
•jive a receipt thcteioi ; and in ea-e he shall leftist1 or ne-
j;leet to do he Mi,lit be tued bv comt-martial, and -hall
he dismi-i-ed troni the >ei vice, oi, it'an ofiieei, reduced io the
lank-, or Miller such other pnni-hiwnt a* ^aid court may
order with the appjoval ot the Pie-idem oflhcUaited State*.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator to include
" naval officois on inland waters," and with that
modification I hope the amendment will prevail.
1 movo that amendment to the amendment.
! Mr CLAllK. I think that had better be pro-
i vided for in nnotherseetion, if the Senator desires
to do so.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Clvrk was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have diawn up an amendment
in the form of an additional section, which clashes
a little, but not materially, with the amendment
offered by the Sisnatoi ftom New llmnpshite:
And be it fuitkcr enacted,Tha.t if any officer of the United
State<Aimysha!l eng.ig* in plundering,orseereting.oraid-
lng uny other pel-sou or persons m stei. ting oi plundering
the property of another person, or-shall engage directly or
indirectly in buying, selling, or bartering, or aiding any other
pe^on or persons to buy, tell, or barter any cotton, sugar,
tobacco, or other commodity, lip shall be guilty of a high
military offense, and shall therefor he dismissed from U>e
service of the United States, and shall be forever incapable
of holding any office, place, or contract iu said service.
Mr. CHANDLER. The first portion of that
section might perhaps be construed improperly.
I noticed that the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] the other day read a series of charges
against our officers, accusing them of plundering,
because they had seized forage necessary for their
own consumption and the use of their men, and
this might be construed to forbid their doing that.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same thing occurred to
me, and I think that objection may be obviated by
inserting the words,41 except for the public ser-
vice."
Mr. CHANDLER. Let those words be in-
serted.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept that modification.
Mr. MORRILL. Still, as I catch theSenator's
amendment from its reading, it seems to me that
it is embraced in the amendment already adopted,
which was offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. POWELL. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire related only to aban-
doned property, as I understood it.
Mr. MORRILL. It is hardly worth while to
repeat the provision twice in this bill; and I am
quite sure that the propositions are identical,not
in language, but in effect. The proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire, as I gather it,
is simply prohibiting officers of the Army from
dealingin cotton and these otherarticles,and pro-
hibiting them from appropriating them to their
own use, and enjoining upon them the duty of
turning them over to the Treasury Department.
Now, 1 submit to the Senator from Kentucky
whether his amendment, in effect, is anything
more, whether it is not precisely that, in different
language, iff am right, the two propositions are
identical in substance.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest that the
penalty, instead of being dismissal from the Army
and disqualification from ever holding another
office, should be the same as in the preceding
section, which was adopted on the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire—some particular
penalty presciibed, or such other penalty as a
court-martial might see fit to impose.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; let the Senator just
draw up that amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would propose to make
the penalty the same as in the preceding section.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment which I have
offered is much more comprehensive in its scope
than that offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. It prohibits all the officers of the Army
from buying, selling, or bartering any articles
that are specified in the amendment; it prohibits
them from secreting those articles, and also from
: aiding, directly or indirectly, any other persons
in secreting, buying, selling, or bartering any of
these articles, and in that respect it is much more
comprehensive than the amendment offered by
the Senator from New Hampshire, and I think
it strikes at the evils that frequently occur in the
Army, and that ought not to be tolerated. I think
that our officers of the Army, when they go upon
these expeditions, in the southern States especi-
ally, where the staples are so attractive at this
time,and command such extravagant prices, and
offer such alluiements to officers and soldiers to
plunder or to buy and sell them in an improper
manner, or to aid their friends in such operations,
ought to be prohibited under severe penalties from
engaging in any such business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tuc ky.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be again re-
ported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The an^nd-
ment will be read as it has been modified.
The Secrrtary read it, as follows:
And be it furtho enacted, That if anv ofheet of the Uni-
ted States Aunv.-hall engage ni plundenng or-eeietmg, or
aiding any other person or per-on- in -.eeteiniy <>t plunder-
ing the property of another person, oi >-.!i ill engage dneetly
oi iudirc< tly in bin nig, -t Hue?, or bat tei iitgf'ot aiding anv
other perso'n or pui-on- to bnv, -el!, ot bafter. any cotton,
Mtgnr, tobacco, oi nnv otliei commodity, except for the pub-
lie service, he -hall be guilty oi a high military ofivrwe. and
fUail tlieiefoi be dismissed from the service, and be forever
