1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
$«S
incapable of holding any office, place, or contract in said
sei vice.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting m the sixth line, after the word
" plundering," the words "or taking;" and by
inserting the words "or money" after the word
" property " in the same line. I desire this amend-
ment to be made, because I have the evidence in my
possession, sworn to by the affidavits of respect-
able persons, that military officers in the West,
and in Kentucky particularly, have taken money
from the fathers of children whom they have ar-
rested, in order to procure their release. I know
that there are military officers there who have
taken large sums of money for releasing persons
whom they had arrested, and I want this amend-
ment made to meet such cases. The word " prop-
erty" might perhaps be construed not to include
money; I wantitto bo made specific; I want such
thieves and plunderers to be dismissed from Che
service.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the amendment of my
colleague. I think it very proper.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator will not ac-
cept it, and I think there is very good reason why
lie should not accept it. It may be necessary, in
the prosecution of the war, that a military officer,
when there is no other agent of the Government
on the spot, for the very purpose of puttingdown
the rebellion should forcibly take property and
deprive a rebel of it.
Mr. POWELL. My colleague has already
accepted a modification of his amendment, which
covers the case stated by the Senator from New
Hampshire. It is aheady provided in the amend-
ment that its provisions shall not apply to prop-
erty taken for public use.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] as modified.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "therefor
be dismissed from the service, and be forever in-
capable of holding any office, place, or contract
in said service,"and inserting" suffer the penalty
prescribed in the preceding section."
Mr. KING. 1 think there is no necessity for
the. enactment of these penalties against military
officers. The rules and articles of war, and the
laws at present on the statute-book, are quite suf-
ficient for the punishment of any such offenses
as are here spoken of. It innovates on a general
system, and in my judgment it is unwise to inter-
polate penalties of this kind.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see the necessity of
enacting such a clause as is now proposed, Mr. |
President. So far as these acts are military of- i
fenses, they are already sufficiently provided for j
in the rules and articles of war for thegovernment J
of the Army. It would be very strange that this
nation has existed for such a length of time, and
been engaged in so many military operations, and
there should be no provision in our military laws
for the punishment of plundering on the part of
military men. I fancy that it will turn out, sir,
that every one of these offenses, except the mere
buying and selling, is already sufficiently pro-
vided for in these rules and regulations, and I
therefore deeip the amendment unnecessary, be-
cause there are already sufficient provisions on the
subject.
Besides, sir, this amendment is offered for the
very purpose of placing on the statute-book a
formal accusation against the officers in the Union
Army of being engaged in plundering and stealing
the property of other persons, i am not prepared,
by voting for such a provision as this, to convey
such an accusation and publish it to the world,
for I do not believe it has any sufficient founda-
tion in point of fact. There may be cases of the
abuse of military powui ; there may be cases of
plundering, perhaps, occasionally; but I cannot
believe, and it is my duty to disbelieve, such an
accusation t\s this, in the absence of all proof on
the subject. I do not choose to enact such a clause
as this, for the mere sake of buncombe, in favor
of men who are so constant and unremitting in
their accusations of plunder and other military
abuses against officeis of the Union Army. I see
tio propriety in enacting it. It is already provided
for. and is an accusation against officeis who arc
honoKtble men.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no idea that the officers
of the Uniorl Army have generally entered into
this business of plundering or conniving at plun-
der; but that some of them have, and that a great
many of them have, is a deplorable fact. What
was the information given by the chairman of the
committee who reported this bill? Did he not
state in his remarks in support of this bill that
the Secretary of the Treasury had informed him
that there had been a great deal of property seized
in north Alabama and at other pof&ts by the Union
Army, and that not one dollar of the proceeds had
come into the public Treasury except that which
had been taken at Hilton Head and in that neigh-
borhood, and that the value of this property was
about two million dollars?
Mr. CHANDLER* I referred to information
which I had obtained from a colonel who had been
stationed in Alabama.
Mr. DAVIS. And what other information did
the chairman of the committee give us? That
this property, instead of being seized by the offi-
cers of the Army, was taken possession of by a
portion of the military officers, and was divided
out among themselves. To use the true, expies-
sive term of the chaiiman of the committee, he
said it had been stolen by a portion of the officers
of the Army. Well now, sir, everybody must
lament that such occurrences happen in the Army;
but that they have happened is undeniable. The
fact is sustained by proof that produces convic-
tion. My honorable ftiend from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,! I know, does not intend or desire to
tolerate such practices as these; and if such prac-
tices have taken place, I have no doubt of his dis-
position to have them corrected in the future, and
punished if they take place again.
Now, Mr. President, I will give an instance of
indirect plunder that I have heard of, which will
show the necessity of this measure or some such
measure. I have heard from very good authority
that an officer high in command at New Orleans
placed in the possession of a relation of his the
steam-tugs who.se business it was to tow vessels
from the Dahze to the port of New Orleans. A
ship or a brig or a schooner—I do not know what
was its clans—loaded with flout, made its appear-
ance at the lidlizo, and sent up for a steam-tug.
The man who had been placed in the command and
in the control of the steam-tugs went down and
offoied the captain or supercargo of the vessel ten
dollars a barrel for his iloui—he was loaded en-
tirely with (lour. lie refused to take the price,
remarking that he wanted his ship towed up to New
Orleans, and wanted to offer it in the market there,
and obtain the best puce that he could. lie was
told that he should not have a steam-tug to tow his
ship up to New Orleans at all. This alternative,
then, was offered to him, either to take the ten
dollars a barrel for the flour, his whole cargo, or
turn his ship around and go back to the port from
whence he had sailed. He chose to accede to the
demands of the other party, sold him his flour at
ten dollars a barrel,and itwas brought up by the
purchaser, and sold in New Orleans for sixty dol-
lars a barrel. I ask the honorable Senator, and
I would ask such gentlemen as may listen to me,
who are very few, because subjects of this kind
do not seem.calculated to engage the attention of
Senators at ali 
Mr. HOWARD. Was the owner of the flour a
rebel?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; no rebel at all. Now,
what law is there that would punish the officer
that was in command there, and who had the con-
trol and direction of those steam-tugs, and who
placed the control and command of those steam-
tugs under the direction of a relative of his for the
purpose of engaging in the very sort of plunder,
an instance of which 1 have given?
Mr. President, our Army and our officers are
as honorable as any other soldiery, and more so.
Most of them are pure and spotless; they scorn to
enter into plundering and into devastation; but
that there are instances to the contrary is undeni-
able. Some of the men adopt the morals of one of
Hudibras's heroes. He made a capture, and his
captives claimed mercy and exemption of their
m'operty from appropriation by their conquerors.
What was the exclamation ?
'• I'll give you quaitcr; but your pillage—
The eonqueiniji warrior's crop and tiilagc.
Winch with ins >woid he reaps and plows—
That'rf mine, the law ol arms «illovv&.
Tina faaid, in haste lie fell
To rummaging of Sidrophe!."
Now, sir, I want to eradicate that sort of mor-
als so far as it exists in our Army? arfd1am grat-
ified to believe that it exists to ia^very limited ex-
tent; but so far as it does exist it is to thgdiahbirifr
and degradation, not only of the service, but-'df
the country, and ought to be rooted out." " *
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from KefttdeM^
is quite right in ascribing to me an Indisposftftm
to countenancing plundering in the Army-or else-
where. I certainly would be the last toertoouragb
it, and the first to punish it, where waiitosiy cemi-
mitted in the prosecution of military operation^,
or elsewhere. But, sir, as I said before, thefce is
no necessity whatever for the enactment of any
such provision as that which is contained in his
amendment. Plundering is already a military of- *
fense by the laws of- war, and by the rules and
articles of war; and why, therefore, undertake
now, when we have sufficient legislation on ;the
subject, when the public interest is sufficiently
protected by these rules and articles, to heap pen-
alty upon penalty, Ossa upon Pelion?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. In tin* case which I instanced, if
it be true that the officer in command there placed
in the control and custody of a relative of his the
steam-tugs of the port, whose business and office
it was to tow merchant ships from the Balize to
the port of New Orleans, to make such exactions
and extortions as in the case which I put, f asfc the
honorable Senator if there is any article of war
that would punish such conduct on the part of-the
commander there? If there is any, it has escaped
my recollection; and I would thank the honorable
Senator to turn his attention to it, and read it to
the Senate. If there is no article of war or other
law that would punish the commander for such
conduct as that, there certainly ought to be some
rule or some law that would punish him.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not know what pro-
vision may be contained in the articles of war in
reference to such a particular state of facts. Pos-
sibly there may not be any particular provision
applicable to it; but before enacting a piovision
npou this subject, I should want something more
than theidleand vague rumor which seems to have
influenced the opinions and the judgment of the
Senator from Kentucky. He seems to believe
these facts, not because any person who knew
them personally told him so, but because he has
seen or heard this idle rumor from some other
quarter.
Now, sir, common charity, common justice
would require at the hands of the Senator, or*of
any other person, at least some proof other than
vague, uncorroborated rumor before proceeding
to the solemn business of legislation upon such a
subject as this. The narrative which hegives may
be true, or it may be false. We do not know. We
have no proof the one way or the other. He uses
it, however, as an accusation against somebody,
without naming him, and as a foundation for this
legislation. Well, sir, what is there about it, tak-
ing the gentleman's own statement as he makes
it here ? Simply that some person, who was the
owner of a quantity offlonr on board a ship, came
to the Baiize and endeavored to get his ship up to
New Orleans for the purpose of making sale of his
flour; he was there interrupted by the proper of-
ficer and stopped, and told that he could not pro-
ceed further; and the officer then told him, it
would seem, that if fie would take ten dollars per
barrel for his flour, the officer would purchase it
ofhim; and he saw fit to sell his flour for ten dol-
lars a barrel, and did s^ll it. What has he to com-
plain of? The Senator says the owner of the flour
was not a rebel, intimating that he was a loyal
man and had a right to go to New Orleans for that
purpose. That does not follow mall. During Lhe
possession of New Orleans by our troops, it was
within the discretion of the military authorities
on the spot to admit or exclude persons who came
there to trade, and I must take it for granted that
this exclusion was en forced for good and sufficient
reasons existing at the time, and that no wrong
whatever was done to the owner of the flour, and
that no injustice was done to him. He was ex-
cluded from the port for the reason, undoubtedly,
that the officer in charge supposed him to be*a
rebel, and that his presence in New Orleans might
be unsafe to the community there. Still the Sena-
tor says he knows that he was not a rebel. Ho#
does he know that?
