1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
Thp bill which i§ now presented by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means was
brought to my attention three or four days ago. I
havegiven to it what consideration I was able, and
I must confess it strikes me favorably. I believe,
from what reflection I have been able to give to
it, that the bill now presented will meet the wants
of the country, and will make the burdens fall less
onerously upon the shoulders of the people than
will either of the other bills which have been pre-
sented by the different members of the committee
or by the committee itself.
It is, as has been well remarked by the gentle-
man from Vermont, an important subject, a sub-
ject which demands the bestand most careful con-
sideration of the members of the House; and
therefore it was that, to enable the members of
the House carefully, maturely, deliberately, cau-
tiously, and sufficiently to consider the provisions
of this bill, as well as the amended bill of the
committee, 1 was about moving'that the commit-
tee rise, in order that both those bills might be
printed and laid upon the desks of the members
of ihe House. I submit the motion that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to amend the
motion by adding the recommendation that tins
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of this subject, and that it be committed
to the Committee of Ways and Means, or some
other committee of the House, for revision ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not while amendments
to the bill are ponding.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Before the
committee rises, I would like to have the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means state
the name of the able financier who, he says, pre-
pared this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The question is on the motion that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
(No. 659) to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of this
bill, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, or some other committee?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, objected.
On motion of Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous
consent, the bill of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as amended in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and the substitute last
presented by Mr. Stevens, were ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from the Presidcntof the
United States, by Mr. Nicolay, hisPiivate Sec-
retary, was leceived.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. For the
purpose of enabling the members of the House to
consider this question of finance as now present-
ed,! move that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, called for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. Can these bills be printed by
to-morrow5 Upon the answer to that question
will depend my vote on adjourning over.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yens 63, nays 59; as follows:
YF \S— Messrs. Alley. Bakei. ISaxtu, Bcnmiin, BhUU*',
Jacob 15. Blail. William G. lliown, Calveit, Casey, Clem-
ents, Cobb, Ox. Cnr-tu-M, Edgtrton. EdvirnN. Ely. Eng-
lish, Gooeb, Goodwin. Glider, liai^ht. Hall, Hauling,
Hooper, Hoitou. Johnson, Iveiruran. Ivnapji. I.aw^Lazear.
Iiinpliam, Blake, Bufiinton, Chambeilain, Olaik, Colfax,
Ficderick A. Colliding, Rrwcoe ("oakling, Coiode, Dawes,
Duel!, Dunn, Eliot, (!. I'V^senden, Thomas A. D.
Fessenden,Frank, Giirley, Hale, Hnm^on. Hnlmnn, Uutch-
ins, Julian, Fiaucis VV. Iiellocg, William ICclk>pg, Love-
joy, bow, MeFlleisoil. Mitchell, An&ou I*. IMoniil, Justin
H.. Mori ill, Nixon, Nujjjen, Patton, Tmlolby G. Plu-lps.
Pnmeioy, Poiter, John II. ltiee, Kiddle, Robm^oil, Ed want
Ji. Rolling Sedgwick, Sheffield, SlieHabargei, Shennan,
Spauldniif, Tumble, Tiowhnd^e, Van Wyck, Voorlice ,
Walket, U'lNnn, VV'indom. Woodiuff, and Worcester—59
So the House agreed to adjourn over.
During the eall of the roll,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that Mr.
Delano had been obliged to leave the Hall on
account of sickness.
Mr. BAILY stated that Mr. Wright was absent
on account of sickness.
Mr. POTTER stated that Mr. Blair, of Penn-
sylvania, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Price had for several days been absent from the
House in consequence of severe indisposition.
Mr. LOW slated that his colleague, Mr. Sar-
cekt, was absent in consequence of having gone
to Massachusetts to attend the funeral of his
father.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
VIRGINIA ELECTION.
Mr. BROWN. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
My colleague from the eighth congressional dis-
trict of Virginia has not yet been sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is, on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, to refer the credentials in the case to which
the gentleman refers to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
l:XCrSF,D FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. DAWES. I ask to be excused from far-
ther service on the Committee of Elections.
Mr". COLFAX. I have been voted down once
as chairman of a committ.ee, and I move that the
request of the gentleman from Massachusetts be
declined.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, January 24,
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. Dr. Scndkrlaxd.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented five petitions of the Sen-
eca, Cayuga, Tuscaroia, Oneida, and Onondaga
tubes of Indians, residing in the State of New
York, praying compensation for lands in Kansas,
secured to them by treaty, Ihe terms of \v liich it is
alleged have not been complied with; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian AfTaiis.
He also presented the petition of William L.
Wiley, praying compensation for services ren-
dered" as bngade quartermaster of the Excelsior
biigade; which was referred to the Committee orf
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. ARNOLD presented the petition of Mar-
garet A. Laurie, praying compensationjfor injury
to her buildings and grounds, in the District of
Columbia, taken possession of by the military
forces of the United States, and designated as
Camp Sprague: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
| Mr. WIL.MOl' presented fourt"en petitions of
' citizens of Pennsylvania, ploying foi the passage
ofageneial luuiki uptlaw; which were ordered to
! he oil the table.
I Mr. HICKS presented the petition of James
, W. Boswell, praying additional compt nsation for
I Carrying the mail from Roekviiie to Poolsville,
i Maiyland; which was referred to the Committee
1 on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented
the petition of William T. G. Morton, M. D.,
G Steele Steven-, tftilc-i,'Slrattoii. Benjamin F.Thiim.v .
Fl'aiieis Tliom.i-, Yibb.ud, W.id worth, Wallace, Wsu'l,
Whahn , Albeit rt. White. Chilton A. \\ lute, YvickIiI.c,
and Yeauian—-6-2.
NAVTiS—Messrs. Aldrich, '\neuna, Arnold. A&lilej , 13<nl>,
LommV/jIeKuislit. Mal'lory, Marion. Mnyna'd, Moor- | ' n<r j-or rcnnlnero Hon ss the original discoveier
bead, Men.-, KoMe,o«,Pen^ I f prac°uctti anathesia, and for its uvc in the Army
Alcxaadei II. lt.ee, ?e?ar, Snntli. Joan B. btu h , tt .mam j( rell.lTc.d to the Committee
on Military AjTairs and the Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial ot
Berlin & Son mid Charles Lcdiard, praying such
a modification of existing laws as will provide for
the allowance of a drawback on the exportation
of rectified spirituous liquors as is provided on
the exportation of whisky and alcohol; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES. I present two petitions of cit-
izens of Iowa, who represent that the authorities
of the State of Iowa have, in accordance with
forms established by the Land Office department
of the United States, perfected proof, as required
by that department, to entitle them to the claims
of the State under what is known as the swamp
land act; but that, by a recent decision of some
of the authorities of that department, that evi-
dence is now regarded us insufficient, after most
of the States have succeeded on similar testimony
in securing their titles. They ask the interposition
of Congress by the passage of a law recognizing
the testimony that has been received in other cases
as sufficient in the case of that State. I move that
the petitions be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CONVICTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 125) supplementary to the act en-
titled "An act to provide for the imprisonment of
persons convicted of crime by the criminal court
of the District of Columbia," approved January
16, 1863; which was read twice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask unanimous consent
for the present consideration of this joint resolu-
tion, and 1 send to the desk a short letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, which will explain it m
a very few wouls.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as m Committee of the Whole. It
declares that the provisions of the act of January
lfi, 1863, shall be made applicable to all persons
who have been convicted of crime by the crim-
inal court of the District of Columbia, and sen-
tenced to confinement in the penitentiary prior to
the date of that act, and subsequent to the tiansfer
legalized by its fourth section; and itlegali7.es and
makes valid their tiansfer to the penitential y at
Albany in the present month, by order of the
President, and piovides that the persons so trans-
feried shall continue in confinement until the ex-
piration of their several terms of imprisonment,
or until they shall be legally discharged or re-
moved.
The Secretary read the following letter:
DcPAR.TME.NT OF THE INTCRIOR,
January 04,
Fir. . Thei e aie between thn ly and 101 ty convicts now m
the jail in ihi*; nty, ^nienc'd at the pto^cnt tein. o( the
cuminal coui t in thi-a District.
The actot Congies<, recently pa>sed, does not piouue
for their cnce. It say-, in the fii t section, that all " pei-
sons who shall hereafter be convietcd," &c. The founh
seenon legalizes the tiansferung ot the prisoners lu-n Sep-
lembei.
JVow. the?e priponeis m jail \v ere convicted bcfo-ic tun
pas-nig of the act, atui an' sentenced to imprisonment m
the pemtentiaty 111 tills Dssuiet, and Una Department is
without nuthonty to remove them.
The mc!o-ed pioposed joint lesoUHion, if parsed, will
relieve the difficult}.
i'Ul i- etowdod to ovciilowini:, and it H important
that the convict* be Mailed immediate!}.
Will not Congress pa-s the resolution to-day?
Veiy lespectfuliy, your obedient servant,
J. P. USHER, Secretary.
Hon. Lym*n Trumbull,
C7tainnun Committee on Judiciary, U, S. Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to iho Senate,
and orclcrcd to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was read the third "time, and passed.
■REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
insf, to whom was referred the resolution to pi int
three thousand copies of the Naval Register for
the use of the Senate, reported it without amend-
ment; and the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
two pfti'mns of the chiefs and head men <<t the
Wyandott tribe of Indiana, imported in favor of
punting the some, and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committer on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the hill (II. R. No.
G49) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1364, reported it without
amendment.
