492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
DIRECT TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to the Senate any information he may have
received from the commissioner- appointed for the district
of South Carolina. unil< r the act Cot the collection of direct
taxes ni insuuectioiuuy distucts.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained,leave tomtroducea bill (8. No. 482)
to establish the office of renter of deeds for the
District of Columbia; which was read thefnstand
second times by unanimous consent, and referred j
to the Committee on the Distuct of Columbia. ,
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con- }
sentobtamed, leave tointrodueeabill (S. No. 483) i
to establish the gauge of the Pacific railroad and !
its branches; which was read twice by its title, '
and referred to the select committee on the Pacitic ■
railroad.
CYRUS CLAPP.
Mr. FOSTER. Ifthe morning business is dis-
posed of, I will ask the Senate to take up the joint
resolution that I introduced the day befoie yes-
terday in regard to League Island.
Mr, HARLAN. I will ask the Senator if lie
will not give way for two or three minutes for the
consideration of a small bill for the i elief of a man
who put in a bid through mistake for a mail route,
and who will be ruined unless some relief is ex-
tended to him. The bill will not occupy more
than two minutes.
Mr. FOSTER. I give way for that.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is Senate bill No. 477, for
the lehefof Cyrus Clapp and his guarantors or
sureties. 1 move that that bill be taken up now.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that Cyius Clapp
and his guarantors or sureties, of the .State ol
Iowa, ahull bo forever dischaiged and released
from all liability to the Government of the United
States, or the Post Office Depaitmeni, on account
of his failure to comply with certain mail con-
tracts on routes Nos. 10935 and 1093G, in the
State of Iowa.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third tune, and passed.
LKAUUK IBLAND.
Mr. FOSTER. I now lenew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. JNo. 1^4) i elating to League
Island, which directs the Secretary of the Navy
not to receive and accept the title to League
Island, near Philadelphia, unkss Congress shall
otherw Jsc direct.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without [Amendment.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I hope that that
resolution will not pass. Perhaps it is known to the
Senate out ol" what imperative exigencies the sub-
ject-mat ler of it arose. At the last session there was
an act passed providing that the Secretary of the
Nevy should accept the title to League Inland, in
the Delaware i ivei, us a gift tu flu; United Staler
fiom the ci'y of Philadelphia tuf naval purposes.
There weie two conditions necessary .o his ac-
ceptance. The fust was thai the title £•> the island
should he indefeasible; nnd the sec< nd, that a
board should be appointed for the purpose of
making asuwey and examination of ir m order to
report to him the tacts; and he was still to accept
it unless, alter that report had been made, be dis-
covered that it was not for the public mteiest, <>i
to the promotion of the public interest, that he
should accept it.
The board appointed by him proceeded to make
their survey. They divided. Four of them weie
opposed to recommending the acceptance of the
title; two of them were in favor of it. Still, Mr.
President, the Secretary himself is of a different
opinion, and he ims not discovc red fiom that re-
port that he ought not to accept the title to this
island; and I think that in that he is ngiit.
The first question to be determined m regaiJ
to it is simply this: is on: Navy heieafter to be
composed ptrtly, if not principally, of iron-clad
vessels of war ? If that be the fact, and if that is
to be the policy of the Government, it jecomes
of the greatest importance to inquire where is the I
proper location fur a naval depot suited to that |
particular branch of the service. j
League Island furnishes the necessary oondi- 1
tions for that depot. There are two which seem
to be indispensable: the first is, security against
hostile attack. From its position and from its
surroundings it is pretty clear, I think, that League
Island possesses advantages over every other
point in the country on that score. The second
necessity is, that tlie harbor contains fresh water;
and that is also tound at League Island 5 and found
nowhere else that I know of.
Then, sir, why should not the United States re-
ceive this gij't fiom the city of Ph.ladrlphia? It
is a most ungracious task to insist upon the ac-
ceptance of a gift, that which is to cost the cotto-
ny notlnno, thai which is the donation of a gi eat
citv, as Philadelphia is, and which she has pur-
chased herself for the sum of over $300,000, and
which isto-dav worth ^500,000. I should be glad
to hear \v by it is that the United Slates should not
accept thisgifi from the city of Philadelphia. Can
any one give a reason, except, that by preventing
the United States fiom accepting this gift, they
known that salt water corrodes the iron, and covers
the bottom of an iron vessel with marine crustacea
and marine plants to such an extent as m time to
render her working qualities of much less vaiue
than if she were clean: and as these animals and
plants live only in salt water, the moment the ves-
sel is brought into fresh water, they die and fall
away: and the water itself cleanses the vessel,
which could otherwise only be done at great ex-
pense by artificial means. Hence fresh water be-
comes an essential.
Therefore, Mr. President, I think that Congress
should examine into this subject well and care-
fully before they come to the conclusion to reject
this proposal on the part of the city of Philadel-
phia. They should examine carefully the icports
of the majority and minority of this board who
have made ihe'xuivy and the examination, and
also the lepoit of the Secretary of tin; Navy, in
which he indicates very clearly to us his opinion
of the propriety of accepting the gift: and, I may
say, sir, that he is a competent witness in this
behalf. If he has any prejudices in the world, or
any paitiahty fot one spotovei another, it is nat
ural that they should cluster about the city of New
would be obhg< d to <co cUowIkk; and pmehase |J London and its harbor; but yet, with a patriotism
that which ii* now offei ed them for nothing? What
harm could resultto the Governmentin this event r
One would think that it was the box of Pandora
that was offeied to them from the coyness wish,
which they approach it, or the potsoneu shirt ;
of Nessus, or the wooden horse of the Greeks, j
Tnnco Danavsetdona jerenlts. 1 am utterly aston- i
ished that tiie Sc<netai y should be instructed by j
Congress not to accept the title lo League Island.
But, Mr. Piesnle'ii, t'oeie i-. a countei pioject. J
Theie is a little village in Connecticut called New |
London, which has a harbor; and it becomes j
necessary, in order to secure the location of this 1
naval depot at New London, that this gift should ;
be rejected on the part of the united States—not i
that New London proposes to donate to theUmted |
States land for a location: but that she proposes ;
to soli land for about perhaps the same amount :
that this island <'ost Philadelphia. That is the ,
secret of it, and then* is the whole of it. There is j
nothing more in it than that. j
Philadelphia offers gran* to the nation about six
hundred acies of land, situated mi League Island, ;
and .surrounded by all the advantages necessary
and pioper for the location of this particular de-
pot, advantages which cannot be found anywhere
else. She offeis it gratuitously; and yet that is
to be thrown aside, and another location, which
has none of these advantages, none of the indis-
pensable ad vantagesuilocatiuii within point blank
range of the open sea, thioe and a half oi four
miles iiom the coast, a location in which tlie har-
bor is of salt watei, and a location where there
aie neither woikmen to fill the yaid, nor a popu-
lation to defend if m ease of an on it, is to
be .selected. I should be very glad to hoar a sin-
gle reason given, if there is any. why the title to
this* island .should not be aec.-j.u d.
The Seeretaiyof the Navy, and I believe all
gentlemen conversant with maiitime atfans. and
that particular laanch of it which has lecently be-
come so important to tins coun.ry, rs well as all
others—I mean that blanch of it which includes
iion-ejad vessels—is distinct! v and clearly ofop'in-
ioft that this location possesses ad\antages supe-
i 'or to those of all oth< rs,
acceptioy tuts ,°ifr; but, e1
vided action of tins boara,
mi: it to Congress, in ordt
be directed in the piomise>
sunnnu the fact, which i presume cannot and will j
not be denied, that the Ne\y is liei^after to be j
principally iron-clad, and n .t is tu be iron-tlad, j
the d"pot of eonstructi >n U>r these vessel * ought j
to be at some place where chen is iron; and surely j
no city m the Union co'uu be more appropriate '
for that p troose ihan tb<> gifnt city of Philadel- |
phia, which, is the center of the jron trade of the i
continent. That location om hr to be where then' i
is coal, because of .dl the industrial agencies now |
at work upon tne earth, that is the most import- !
ant: and it is of prime necessity tha-f wherever
■>.1 he is desirous of!
kmassed by the di- j
i hasihosen to sub-!
'hat ins action may j
} It Acts out by as- j
which I think does honor to the man, he has stood
by his duty, and he has recommended to us that
leave be given him to accept League Island, and
that the law be not repealed by which he was au-
thorized to accept it; because this is but a covert
proposal to repeal the law of the last session of
the 13th of July, i hope, therefore, that the res-
olution will imt pass.
Mr. FOSTER. Mi. President, as the time re-
maining of the morning hour is very short, I am
admonished, if 1 desiiea \ote on my resolution, to
be very brief in any reply I may attempt to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania I certainly mrrec with him m regard to
the fact that Philadelphia is a noble and flourish-
ing city, of great wealth and abundant resources;
that her people are distinguished alike for their
industry and skill in the various mechanical arts,
and for science and liberal cultuie; and still it is
but one of tiie cities in the great State of Penn-
sylvania, which is an empire in itself, magnificent
in all its propoi tions, well deserving of our high-
est admiration, and certainly, in wealth, popu-
lation, extent, soil, and geogtaphical position,
greatly superior to the State of Connecticut, a
small and comparatively unimportant State. The
city of New Loudon is certainly vei y insignificant,
a village as compared with Philadelphia. But these,
I submit with gioat commence, are not the qu^s-
tionsbefore theSennte. The Senator asks, with a
kind of triumph, why not accept this magnificent
gift of the city of Phdadelphia,and he alludes, un-
fortunately, as it seems to me, to the shirt of Nes-
sus and the Trojan horse as illustrations of the
propi tety of accept ins: gifts, lie seem.s to think it is
not a little strange that the Congress of the Uni-
ted Stafi « or that anybody should be opposed to
accepting a gift, and asks, as I have said, with a
triumphant air, why not accept it? My answer
js, because it will cost the United Slates moie
money to make the gift a\ ailable for the pui poses
for which it is intended than it will to provide a
location elsewhere. On the simple ground of econ-
omy, I object to it. It will cost the Government
more lo take this place for nothing than it will to
purchase, at a reasonable price, a proper location.
That is, to my mind, a sufficient reason for not
accepting this " munificent irift."
The leport of the commission appointed by the
Sectetaiy—so patriotic, so disinterested, as the
honoiable Senator says, having Ins prejudices all
in favor of Connecticut and New London lather
than Pennsylvania and Pniiadeinhia—the leport
of that commibMon, thusappomted, shews, what
every man ha \ lag a. i y knowledge of League Island
knew hefoit—rov friend from New Jersey LMr.
'l'bs Evck] and every member of the Senate who
has a kno wh dge of the locality can bear testimony
to the fact—that to put that island in *uch a con-
dition that it will be suitable for a na\ ni depot and
navy-yard will cost an immense muu of money.
It is an island in one sense: that is, oi certain
these works are established, wherever they tire to j} states of the tide and the \ L\.-i.:lieic i«s maish mud
be located, coal should be easily gotten and at j, there which is not cov i<d by the watei; a wall
cheap rates. Nowheie else iti the world can that jj being erected around It to luep the vai'uv from
commodity be furnished as well us at Piuladel- jj overflowing it. Ir ,sa soft, imj^netrable mass—-
plna. ! no, nor impeneti a hie, except so far as the boLnm
These vessels require fiesh water, It is well II is concerned: you cannot penetrate to the bottom.
