THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mi\ DAVIS. I said that was my information.
Mr. HOWARD. Again let mc call the Sen-
ator's attention to a clause of the law which al-
ready exists. This amendment applies to every
case where property may be taken possession of
by a Union officer in the progress of the war, no
matter to whom that property may belong. It
applies as well to rebels in arms against the Gov-
ernment as to any other persons; and the officer
who shall seize and take possession of that prop-
erty, although it may be the property of a rebel,
is subjected to the severe penalty of being dis-
missed from the service, while, at the same time,
the confiscation act of the last session declares
that—
(t To Insure the speedy termination of the present rebel-
lion, it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to cause the seizure of all the estate and property,
money, stocks, credits, and cffecH of persons hereinafter
named in this section, and to apply and use the same and
the proceeds thereof for the suppoit of the Army of the
United States."
It goes on, then, to enumerate the different
classes of owners of property. Now, if this sec-
tion shall pass, it will plainlyjruo ad hoc repeal the
confiscation act, because the President of the Uni-
ted States must employ agents and officers to carry
out the confiscation act; he must employ some-
body to seize the property of rebels and take pos-
session of it; and if q. military officer, under this
'amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
shall make this seizure, he makes himself liable
to be dismissed from the service, so that it is di-
rectly in conflict, as it seems to me, with the con-
fiscation act and will so far repeal it; and I sub-
mit that we are not prepared to do that just now.
I hope the amendment will bo rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 exceed-
ingly regret, Mr. President, that the Senator from
Kentucky should persist in bringing into the Sen-
ate of the United States these vague, indefinite,
and idle charges against General Butler. I be-
lieve what he has said to-day to be just as true
as what he said the other day of General Butler
entering a house and robbing a gentleman from
St. Louis. Since the Senator from Kentucky ad-
dressed the Senate, 1 have opened a letter just
received from General Butler, and I desire to read
it in order to put him right:
Lowku,, February 28, 18G3.
My Dear Sir : t have rend a sketch of a debate in tlie
Semite in which you weie kind enough to express confi-
dence In the rectitude oi my official action.
>. There vvu* an .illusion by Mr. Davis to the plate and fur-
niture of a person in St. Louis taken by me.
I understand that Alevander brother is the party meant.
He escaped from New Orleans without taking the oath of
allegiance, and went to St. Loul* under a pass procured by
the intervention of a piotVssed Union man, whom I have
since ascertained to have been ascouiuhel, whom brother
alleges, to have bubed to get the puss for him. Btothcr was
one of the rebel provost marshal-*, having In charge the city,
by whom the immense destruction of property was made
on the arrival of our fleet.
Brothci'« plate and furniture was taken possesion of by
my order, and was turned over to General Banks's quarter-
master when I left the department of the Gulf, and I have
his receipt therefor.
I specially thank you for your offer to have an investiga-
tion. lam ready at any and all tunes. I cannot, of course,
answer newspaper paragraphs and slanders; but Mr. D\-
vif, if he Is an honot and just man, can be satisfied upon
every point by simply asking me by letter.
Most truly yours, BENX F. BUTLER.
Hon. IIcnry Wilson.
I believe that these other charges against Gen-
eral Butler will end in the same way.
Mr. DAVIS. General Butler shall have an op-
portunity to be gratified and have this investiga-
tion to his heart's content. I have not the per-
sonal acquaintance of that gentleman, butl frankly
admit, after everything I have seen against him
in the public newspapers, that his denial of these
charges would notsatisfy me, as he seems to think
that I ought to be. Still, sir,they may be untrue;
but nothing will satisfy me m relation to their truth
except an investigation by witnesses upon oath
before a committee. I trust the time and oppor-
tunity for such an investigation will come, and if
it results in the exoneration of General Butler,
it will be very far from affording me one single
iota of regret. I shall be gratified that he or any-
body else laboring under such imputations as he
does should be able to satisfy his country and
the world that he was innocent.
I do not believe in General Butler's imputations
of disloyalty against Mr. Brother, and I will tell
you why. Mr. Brother came to this city, and in
the company of two loyal men, one a Senator and
the other a Representative of the State of Mis-
souri, went to the President himself and made
complaint of these acts of General Butler. I do
not believe that a disloyal man would have had
the hardihood $0 come here and be confronted be-
fore this Administration and its authorities, after
what has taken place in relation to the arrest and
imprisonment of disloyal persons, ldonotknow
Mr. Brother; I never saw him; but I understand
that he is loyal.
But in relation to the bill, gentlemen are ex-
ceedingly sensitive in regard to it, and especially
in relation to the amendment which I have offered.
The amendment which I have offered is not de-
signed to harm the innocent. The innocent will
pass scathless, and it will only be the guilty that
can be reached and punished by this law, if my
amendment shall be incorporated in it.
" No man e'er felt the halter draw
With good opinion of the law."
Honest men do not feel the halter draw, and they
do not intervene objections to the enactment of
laws for the punishment of criminals and of the
guilty. Men who feel the consciousness of rec-
titude and innocence defy all the ingenuity of man
in drafting bills to punish theguilty, because they
know they occupy an impregnable position. But
gentlemen still insist and persist m saying that
there is nothing but vague newspaper rumor for
the passage of this law; and they say so against
the positive, explicit, direct communication of the
facts made by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, who reported this bill.
Now, sir, let the bill pass. If there is nobody
who can be punished by it, all the better for the |
country; if there are any who can be punished by j
it, and who would come within its operation, let it
operate upon them, and let them not only be pun-
ished, but let them meet publicscorn and infamy.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from Kentucky to the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island, the amendment
to the amendment making the punishment con-
form to the preceding section. Has he any ob-
jection to that?
Mr. DAVIS. Not the least.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairwill
take the question on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I still hope the amend-
ment will notbeadopted. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate in discussing it; but these
offenses are already high misdemeanors and sub-
ject an officer to dismissal from the service. I
do not believe the provision is important to be
adopted.
The Secretary read the amendment as amended,
as follows:
And be it further enacted,ThM if any officer of the United
States Army shall engage in plundering or sccretlng or aid-
ing any other person or persons in secreting or plundering
or taking the property or money of any other person, or
shall engage directly or indirectly in buymsr, selling, or bar-
tering, or aiding any other person to buy, sell, or baiter, any
cotton, sugar, tobacco, or othor commodity except for the
public ffivire, he shall be guilty of a high military offense,
and shall j-uller the penalty prescribed in the preceding sec-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I must call the attention of
th«* Senate to that amendment. That amendment
would punish a Union officer for buying a plug of
tobacco, or a pinch of snuff, or sugar enough to
sweeten his coffee. It would punish him with dis-
missal from the scrvice. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky if he is ready to vote for such a pro-
vision as that.
Mr. DAVIS. I will obviate that objection by
adding this proviso;
Provided, That this section shall not apply to the pur-
chase or obtaijimentof anyarticles necessary by any officer
tor his own personal use.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, as amended.
Mr. HOWARD. As amended, the amendment
is obnoxious to the same objection which I raised
before. If an officer should see fit to accomodate
a friend, to buy him ft pound of tobacco, or a pound
of sugar, or a pound of cotton, a cotton shirt, or
a cotton handkerchief, he makes himself, under
this section as now amended, liable to dismissal
from the service. I ask my friend from Kentucky
again whether he is prepared to go this length
against the Union officers. Why, sir, the pro-
vision is plainly—I say it with the utmost respect
for my friend from Kentucky-—absurd and im-
practicable. It is an affront, an insult to every
officer in the Army, every honorable man. It
stands out as an accusation against the officers of
our Army, that to be engaged in buying and selling
these small matters for the accommodation of their
friends is a crime for which they may be dis-
missed from the service.
Mr. DAVIS. The last objection of the honor-
able Senator, I think, is altogether without any
adequate foundation. An officer may buy any ar-
ticle for his own personal use. If it is not con-
venient for the officer to purchase it himself, he
may engage another officer to do it, and this sec-
tion would not reach such a transaction at all. It
is not intended to apply to any of your retail sort
of business, and it does not apply, according to
the terms and languageused,asl understand them,
to any such transactions. It is intended to inter-
dict what is known as plunder, and as illegit-
imate trade, and transactions of officers in plunder
—nothing else.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carlilo, Cowan, Davis*, Harding, Har-
lan, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Powell, Uichaidson, Sauls-
bury, Turpie, VVilkinson, and Wilson of Missouri—13.
NAYd—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doo-
httle, Foot, Foster, Gumes, Harris,Hiek«, Ilovvaid, Kins,
Morrill, I'omeroy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts
—03.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a new section
added to the bill by motion of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] for which I voted. I voted
for it under a misapprehension of its bearings, and
I think that other Senators must have done the
same. The section, if Senators will remember,
was very broad indeed. It was to this effect, that
none of the provisions of the act should be appli-
cable to any property captured by naval officers.
I should think that a juat proposition, if it were
confined to captures at sea; but 1 can see no rea-
son why property taken by naval officers upon
our rivers or where they land at ports 
Mr. CLARK. The Senator can amend it when
the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. But I think the best way is
to move to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would suggest that the more direct way to reach
it, will be upon the question of concuriing in that
amendment when the bill shall be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be put on concurring in the several amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole, ex-
cept such as may be indicated by any Senator for
a separate vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the one
to which I have referred reserved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the other amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The excepted
amendment made in Committee of the Whole will
now be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
•3m ri be it farther evaded, That none of the provisions
of tin*: act shall apply to property of any description cap-
turcd'by the naval forces of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I move, as a substitute for
that, the following:
That none of the provisions of this act shall apply to
prizes at s>ea by the naval forces of the United States.
" I think that will carry out the idea of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] suggeststo me an amendment
that U seems to me would meet the objections
raised by the Senator from Massachusetts and by
others. It is yet undetermined by any judicial
tribunal whether naval officers are entitled to any
prizes on the western waters. If they are entitled
