494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
yard where we now manufacture thc-boilers and
engines for our steamships; and it is not only the
purpose and oi ject of the Navy Department to
secuie a place where the hulls of iron ships can
be manufactured, but a place where the engines
and boilers can also be manufactured. Now, it
occurs to me that of all the places which can be
suggested in the United States, the city of Phila-
delphia combines advantages in all respects supe-
rior to those of any other place. We cannotcon-
ceal the fact, however much it may bo attempted
to be concealed by the Senators from Pennsylva-
nia and Connecticut, that there are rival projects
before us. One of these Senators wants to sccure
the navy-yard, as a matter of course, in his own
State, at League Island ; the other seeks to secure
it for Connecticut. The Senator from Connecti-
cut objects to League Island, because, he says, it
will cost an immense amount of money to put it
in a proper condition to enable the Department to
-manufacture vessels. I apprehend the Senator
has not seen League Island. I apprehend that he
is entirely misinformed in regai d to it. I have
seen it. After the adjournment last July, I went
to see League Island,and the Senator is altogether
mistaken m regard to its position. The Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Ten Eyck,] at the Inst
session of Congress, made his statements upon
representations that had been made to him,and not
upon his own personal observation. About four
hundred acres of that land, as near as I could
judge, is high,dry meadow land; about one hun-
dred and fifty acies of it is low, marshy, swampy
land. If the Senator means by his remark that it
will cost an immense amount of money to fill up
the whole of the gi ourid that is proposed to be
conveyed by the city of Philadelphia to the Uni-
ted Slates for navy-yard purposes, lie telis the
truth; but nobody proposes to elevate the whole
of that ground ; the Government has no necessity
for it. They only propose to raise five or six acres
at the sfart, and it will not cost more than twenty-
five or thirty thousand dollars, or foity thousand,
probably; and then go on and fill up the yard
gradually.
J have heard it said outside, and 1 believe it is
stated in the report, that there is no bottom. I
think the Senator from Connecticut stated that,
it was diJftcult to find bottom, and J think the re-
port of the majority of the commissioners appoint-
ed to examine this site states that it will require
piles to be driven something like fifty feet. Now,
sir, it is a most cxttaordmary fact that the same
engineer who repoits against League Island, be-
cause it will be necessary to drive piles fifty feet,
is, nt this veiy moment, driving piles sixty-five
feet, withm a mile of the place where I am stand-
ing—driving piles fifteen feet deeper than, accord-
ing to his own estimate, it will he necoH.-uu'y to
duve them at League Island—m order to erect an
oidnance depot m the Washington navy-yard.
The truth is, Mr. President, tl\at for all the pur-
poses of a navy-yard, and especially for an iron
navy-yard, a pile foundation, resting upon such
foundation as would be had at League Island, is
infinitely preferable to one resting upon gianitc,
as would be the case at New London, for every
expert and eveiy scientific man will tell you that
the jar which necessarily results from the stone
foundation is injurious to the works that are man-
ufactured.
Mr. President, the Secretary of the Navy was
authorized to appoint a commission to examine
League Island, and two other points, one in Rhode
Island and one in Connecticut, lie appointed that
commission. 1 will not say thai that commission
was wisely appointed. I should have pi cirried
men of younger age than the gentlemen whom he
did appoint. They have made two leports, u
majority and a minority report. The majonty
report i-> in favor of the establishment of a navy-
yard at New London, thus making four navy-
yards east of the Hudson river. Now, I submit
to my fi lends whether they suppose thai the coun-
try will be entirely satisfied with four navy-yards
eastof th° Hudson nver, and only one navy-yard
south of mat liver,and that embracing but eleven
acres, for that is the whole amount of available
land m the Philadelphia navy-yard. I do not
include the yard here at the city of Washington,
"a inch really amounts to nothing but a mere oid-
rance depot, and an ordnance manufacturing es-
tablishment.
Now, sir, as to New London: the first time that
New London was ever examined for the purposes
of a navy-yard was in 1800, by a Mr. Humph-
reys, who was directed by the Secretary of the
Navy under Mr. Adams at that time to inspect
all the navy-yards in New England, and he re-
ported against it. I have in my hands an abstract
of the report of Mr. Humphreys, (who was the
most celebrated naval constructor of his day; the
man who laid the lines and constructed the cele-
brated frigate United States,) in which he decided
against New London as a proper place for a navy-
yard. Mr. Humphreys's report is as follows:
In obedience to your otders or* Januaiy 29,1800, I have
visited the several ports of New London, Newport, Provi-
dcncc, Boston, Chinlestown, Pon-mouth, Poitlntui, and
Wiseassett, on which I icspeetfuily beg leave to repoi t.
JOSHUA HUMPHREYS.
NEW LONDON.
Jldvantagcs*
1. A sufficient depth of water in the channel.
2. A good situation on Wmthrop's point for a dry dock,
with a sufficient quantity of ground.
S. A jjood stream of walerVor use of dock for pumping
and sawma.
4. A good cove for docking timber.
5. Still water in harbor.
C. Good anchorage.
7. Plenty of good stone for a dock.
8. Small compaiutive expense in fortifying.
9. The advantage of being quick at and fioin sea. The
mo t suitable side is the not thrust side, Wmthiop's point.
It should be in a laugc with a large stone on edge of bank,
and in a southeast dnection fiotn said stone; the s>tonc lays
about two huudied teet above end ropewalk.
Disadvantages.
1. The harbor below YVnithiop'* point h not sufficiently
large for %uch a nav> the Cmted Stiite* nunt have; and
above the point the i ivei is liequenllv lull ot ice, the bicak-
ing up of which makes it dangeious foi vec-scls to lay in it.
kJ. The impossibility of rutciuig tln-j poit with anoith-
west wind, winch l* the most pie vailing wind in the winter
season.
3. Vessels m thh port ate subject to be injured by ice in
the wmtei, if they hu in the channel. To deepen the b;u m
sufficient to move a vessel inside of the dock, to keep them
cleat of ice, would co-t a considerable sum. and be an addi-
tional expense to Keep it snffi< lenity deep
4. The haibor is veiy open and exposed all below Win-
throp's point.
5. The enemy, with the wind at can oi west, has a lead-
ing wind tip to \Vititin op's point and down, which is a gieat
advantage in an attack by water on any place.
6. Rise ot tide, hotng only tluec feet.
7. Commanding heights to the westward of Foil Trum-
bull.
8. Piobability of worni^.
Again; in 1819 the Government of the United
States established a mixed commission, composed
of three naval officers and three engineer officers.
The engineers were General Barnaid, who was at
that time at the head of the engineer corps, Colo-
nel McRea, and the present General Totten; and
the naval officers were Commodore Wanington,
Commodprc Rodgeis, and one other whose name
has escaped me. They examined New London,
and refused to recommend it as being the proper
place because they believed that it was utterly
indefensible; not that it was not capable then of
being defended against a sailing vessel gonnr up
the river—for I admit that the Senator from Con-
necticut is right in saying that can be done—but
that it was susceptible of being approached by
a small force anywhere along its coast where a
landing could be effected, and that a force could
very easily ch'st-oy the navy-yard and all the
property there, and then return to their ships.
Rut, sir, there is now an additional reason. An
iron-clad vessel can go up anywhere within four
miles of any ulai'e at which they propose to es-
tablish a navy-yaid at New London, and shell
out the yard without the slightest danger to the
vessel that may attempt that destruction. Mr.
Piesident, the truth is, we have got to change
severed of our navy-yard*. In England they
have been discussing the question m tne Admi-
ralty, and in Paihaiueut too, of the propriety of
abolishing the Poi tsmouth navy-vard, which is
surrounded by three complete lines of fortifica-
tions that have cost more than ^20,000,000, and
the yard itself has probably cost <£100,000,000.
And yet here, with the experience we have had
in naval gunnery, with the advances that have
been made m that science, and with the advances
that have been made in iron-clad ships, it is pro-
posed by my fiiend trom Connecticut, and by a
majority of this board, to establish a navy-vard
in such a position that it could be actually shelled
out without the slightest damage to those who
might attempt it!
The fact is, Mr. President, that instead of estab-
lishing navy-yards in close proximity to the sea,
it is the duty of the Government, if we exercise
that foiesight that we ought to exercise as the
representatives of the States and of the people, to
carry the navy-yards further away from the sea-
shore; and we shall be compelled to do it. Mark
my prediction.
One of the great advantages of League Island
is that it is so easily defensible. The channel is
intricate. By the establishment of three or four
small turreted towers, similar to the towers upon
your Monitor class of vessels, at different angles
of the channel, you could render the Delaware
perfectly inaccessible to any sort of a ship or any
kind of a naval expedition.
Mr. HALE. How would it be about a land
force ?
Mr. GRIMES. My friend from New Hamp-
shire asks how it would be with a land force.
Why, sir, to take a land force to League Island
or to Philadelphia, you would be compelled to
maich one hundred miles through the State of
New Jersey or the State of Delaware; and in the
mean time the whole country could be raised in
older to repel any such invasion. But when you
have your navy-yard within three or four miles
of the sea, where a landing can be effected in surf
boats anywhere along the line of the coast within
five or six miles, a sudden dash could be made on
your navy-yard and the entire public property
destroyed.
These things have attracted the attention of
statesmen in Europe, and they are discussing
them, and arc beginning to act upon them; and I
think it is time for us to take such matters into
consideration.
I think the Senator from Connecticut was not
exactly accurate in hiy statement that one of the
minority of the board—and 1 suppose he alluded
to Professor Bache—had committed himself in
favor of League Island, when this question was
before the Senate at the last session. I addressed
a letter to Professor Bache to draw out from him
some facts in regard to League Island, and he
answered the inquiries that 1 addressed to him.
I have not read that letter for the last four or five
months; but I iccollect that at the time t thought
he was very exact in the language he used, and
that he did notcommithnnselfeitherfororagainst
the project, but suggested some things that wero
in favor of League Island as a naval depot.
As to the other gentleman who signed the mi-
nority report, I do not know any thing about him,
except that he is an old naval officer, and that he
is on the Register as having been appointed from
the State of Massachusetts, and as being now a
citizen of Massachusetts. He, however, may live
in Philadelphia forau«jht I know. I do not know
anything about him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Who is
that?
Mr. GRIMES. Captain Marston. I have no
doubt, sir, that all of this board acted from per-
fectly honest and disinteiested motives; and it is
the most natuial thing in the world that they
should have decided precisely as they have. Com-
modore Stringham, Commodore Gaidner, and
Commodore Van Brunt are all old sailors. They
like a good offing; they like a port that is easy
of access and easy of exit; they do not want to
be compelled to navigate any intricate channels.
They ar< old-time men; they are believers in sail-
ing ships, 1 presume. I do not know how that
is; but I know that almost all that class of men
were until a very recent period beheveis in sailing
ships alone, and thought that the introduction of
steam was a very great innovation, that ought to
have been resisted; and I presume they have now
a great many scruples as to whether the iron-clad
vessels will really be a success or not. It was the
most natural thing in the world, therefore, that
they should decide m that way. But Professor
Bache is a scientific man. He was educated at
West Poi lit He giaduated at the head of his class,
and was a member of the engineer corps. He
looks at it not only fi om a scientific point, but from
a military point. I ask Senators before they cast
their votes here on this question to read both of
those leports, the majohty and minority reports,
and then decide with which the argument rests,
I confess that if I had had no opinion on the sub-
ject before, if I had not believed that a fresh-water
navy-yard was absolutely necessary to the salva-
tion of the Navy, the reports that were made by
