1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.1
would regret exceedingly to see a provision ofthis
character adopted,.arid I sincerely hope that the
section will he stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Itisundoubtedly true that
aid and comfort has been given to the rebels by
the men who have been licensed to trade. The
object of this bill is to prevent them from render-
ing any further aid and comfort, by absolutely
prohibiting the introduction within our lines of
these products, except through an agent of the
Treasury "Department. Our agent does not go
beyond our lines; and the object of this bill is to
hold out an inducement to the poor people, the
one, two, three, and ten bale men to hide, to keep,
to preserve their property. Otherwise, we shall
be compelled to feed them after they come within
our lines. The country is eaten up and destroyed;
hut if they svould preserve these products and sell
them to the agents of the Treasury, you would
not only get the products you want but you would
hold outan inducement to these people to be loyal.
It says to them, "if you will be loyal to-day and
if you will continue to be loyal, you shall receive
payment from the Treasury of the United States
for these products; if you relapse, if you go back
into rebeldom, you shall have no pay." I believe
hundreds of millions of dollars will in this way
come into the Treasury.
Mr. POWELL. I desire that this section shall
be stricken out. It is clearly not within the power
of this Congress to authorize the Treasury De-
partment through its agents, to become a specu-
lator and dealer in cotton, rice, sugar, tobacco, or
any other commodity. There is no warrant in
the Constitution for this, and if there was power
to do it, it svould be wrong to clothe Government
agents with such authority.
On Friday last I stated some of the objections
I had to this section, and I will not go over them
again. I merely wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that, by this section, you au-
thorize the Treasury Department of this Govern-
ment through its agents to go into these States
and to deal in cotton, rice, sugar, and tobacco,
without restriction or limitation, save that you
limit the price they shall give to the value at the
place of sale and not exceeding two thirds of the
value in the markets in New York. This bill
authorizes no persons to deal m these articles save
these agents of the Government. By reference to
the sixth section of the bill, you will find that
under certain restrictions in that section persons
in some instances, perhaps, may be permitted to
bring in their products; but what will be the market
price of those products in the insurrectionary
region when no man is permitted to buy save the
agent of the Government? Do you not see at
once that you strike at the rights of the loyal cit-
izen? You prevent him from taking his property
to market; you authorize a Government agent
alone to buy, and you limit him to two thirds of
the price of the article in the market at New York.
That is wrong; it is doing great injustice, irrepar-
able injury to the parties who hold these products.
What'is worse, that section of the bill can only
operate to the injury of the loyal men of the coun-
try , because, as to men engaged in this rebellion,
it is claimed that under the confiscation bill they
have forfeited their property, and it will be taken
possession of under other clauses of this bill, not
by virtue of the second section.
Before I take my seat, if the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan will allow me, I desire to ask
him a question. I wish to ask him a question for
the purpose of vindicating if I possibly can, or
causing the Senate to vindicate, the officers of the
Army who are engaged in the cotton region. I
know many of the officers in the Army there.
Some of them are from my own State that 1 be-
lieve to be honorable men. The Senator from
Michigan this morning told us that he was in-
formed by a colonel in the Army of the United
States that when cotton had been seized in Ala-
bama, (about Tuwcumbia, I think, was the local-
ity,) instead of handing it over to the Govern-
ment, it was divided out among the officers.
Now, Mr. President, if that goes out in the de-
bates of the Senate, it will be calculated to reflect
upon all the officers of the Army in that region of
the country. I do not believe, from my knowl-
edge of the officers of the United States Aimy
who have served in that portion of the country,
that they are all plunderers and thieves. Many
of them, I believe, are honorable, brave, just men.
If any officer of the Army has received this plun-
der upon partition, he is guiltyunder the military
law of pillage, and pillage, under the military law,
is punishable by death. I wish the Senator dis-
tinctly to tell the Senate if he knows, if this col-
onel gave him the information, who were the offi-
cers who did this thing. I desire that no imputation
shall ever be cast upon the honorable and just and
brave men who did not engage in it. Besides, I
desire that those who have engaged in this plun-
der may be known in order that the military au-
thorities may have them arrested, tried, and pun-
ished; and if this colonel did not give the Senator
this information, I hope he will give us the name
of the colonel, so that the military authorities here
can summon him before them and ascertain who
have been concerned in such transactions, that
the guilty may bepunished. I want the guilty to
be punished, but I want no aspersion to be cast
upon the good name of the honest, honorable, and
brave soldiers there, and I am confident in that
the Senator from Michigan will concur with me.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cast no general impu-
tation whatever. That colonel did give me the
names of one or two men, and those names will
be submitted at the proper place, and they will
be dealt with if the proof is sufficient.
Mr. POWELL. I did not understand the
Senator to cast imputations upon anybody, but
merely to recite what an officer had told him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said certain officers had
been engaged in such transactions, and I shall
certainly make the representations at the War
Department that ought to be made in regard to
them. It is a high military misdemeanor which
will be punished on proof. I have not the names
with me, nor do I think I should give them if I
had. I took one or two names which I shall pre-
sent at the proper quarter.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is taken,
I desire to ask the Senator from Michigan if it is
the design under this bill to permit the agents of
the Treasury Department to buy cotton, rice,
sugar, and tobacco from the rebels in the southern
States?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir, it is not intended
to operate except inside of our lines, and I will
call the Senator's attention to the amendment to
the fifth section. It says:
And on proof, to the ?-au->fsiction of said court, of his
owneislnp of said piopertv, of his light to the proceeds
theieof, and of his continued loyaity to the Government of
the United States fiom the tmieof the roccipt or puichase
of said propeity, to r«coivo? &c.
Of course the agent does not go beyond our
lines; and it is simply authorizing purchases
within our lines in the States declared to be in
rebellion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to call the Sena-
tor's attention to the language of the bill, and to
assure him that it must be amended in order to
carry out his notions. There is no limitation
whatever upon purchases from rebels in the south-
ern States, and our lines, let me tell that Senator,
extend now over a large portion of the country
where there are a great many rebels. In my own
State the most stringent provisions have been
adopted by the military commanders in order to
cut off trade even from St. Louis, the commercial
emporium of my State, with the rebels in the
State, and such regulations exist there now. 1
call the Senator's attention to the language of the
fifth section of this bill, and I assure hint that it
does desig/i most unquestionably to be a bid for
future loyalty, and nothing else.
Mr. CHANDLER. It undoubtedly gives large
discretion to the Secretary of the Treasury. It
necessarily gives him large discretion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on striking out the second
section of the hill.
Mr. HENDERSON. The fifth section is con-
nected with the second section. The second sec-
tion authorizes these agents to buy at a ccitain
price, notexceeding two thuds of the market price
m New Yoik. The fifth section, which is im-
mediately connected with if, is—
That any ppr^on claiming to hnvt been the owner of any
such abandoned or purchased piopertv—
Of course that means the property purchased
under the second section—
may at any time within two vears after the suppression of
the rebellion refer his claim to the proceeds thereot m the
Court of Clciim-> j and on pi oof, to the satisfaction of t-atd
couit, of his owneishipof said property, of his right to the
proceeds thereof, an#of bis continued loyalty to, the gov-
ernment of the TJuited States from the time of tho.rceeipi
or purchase of said property, to receive the residue of
proceeds after the deduction of any purchase-money which
may have been paid, together with the expense of purcbase§
transportation, and sale of said property, and any other law-
ful expenses attending the disposition thereof.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is intended for tk$
benefit of loyal men in the seceded States, if they
prove that they are loyal. ,
Mr. HENDERSON. It matters not how dis-
loyal they may have been up to the time of the
purchase, or whether their property may have
been subject to confiscation under the law of la?t
July; for these agents have the right to go and
purchase of aman who is in open rebellion agains.t
the Government, and they are clearly authorized
to pay him two thirds of the value now, although
it may be confiscated to the Government; and all
he has to do in order to get the other one third of
the proceeds is two years afterwards to show, n.ot
that he was not a rebel at the time, but that he
has been a loyal man since. That is all. ltdoes
not take away the two thirds already paid if he
continues a rebel; but if he is converted and be-
comes a loyal man from that day, he gets the other
third, as I understand, after the rebellion is sup-
pressed. I call the Senator's attention'to it in
order to show him that the bill is intended to pur-
chase the property of rebels airea<^y confiscated
by the laws of the country, and I hope it will-not
be adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I shall vote to strike
out the second and third sections of this bill, for
the reason that I believe it is best to leave that
trade as it now is under the control of the com-,
mandants of the military departments, who give
permits to discreet men to trade with the rebels;
and when I cast that vote I still maintain that this
bill is valuable, what is left of it, in preventing our
military officers and soldiers from trading with
rebels, and affixing a penalty for the trade. I have
the best of evidence that a brigadier general in the
service of the United States recently had a trans-
action of this character: sixteen slaves escaped
into his camp; the masters of the slaves came to
him and proposed to give forty-eight bales of cot-
ton if he would return the slaves; he made the bar-
gain, returned the slaves to slavery, and received
the forty-eight bales of cotton as a quid pro quo-
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What gen-
eral ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will give
the name of that general.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not now give the
name because the case is being investigated at St.
Louis. I hope the remainder of the bill will be
letamed and passed, to prohibit military officers
and soldiers from engaging in this traffic.
Mr. CHANDLER. The very object of the bill
is to prevent the control by commanders of mil-
itary departments. It is that very thing which
has gone so far to demoralize the Army. The men
who carry on this trade have made immense prof-
its, and they have been very liberal with com-
manders and with officers. Perhaps the complicity
in some cases could not be established before a
court, but the Secretary of War desires that the
commanders of departments shall be relieved from
any share or hand in the trade, either by gianting
permits or otherwise. He wishes that it should
put into the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. COLLAMER. By the confiscation act it
is made the duty of the President to seize all con-
fiscated property of rebels liable to seizure,and all
sales and transfers of itare declaied void. Now,
we cannot send down an agent there to buy con-
fiscated property while that act remains in force.
1 am sensible that this present bill before us looks
like that. It is to authorize agents to buy the
property within our lines, it is said even of rebel
i men, to pay them two thirds of the value, and put
| them on their good behavior from that time tor-
| ward to get the other one third of the jmy. That
I seems to be the purpose of the bill. That is di-
rectly to defeat the confiscation act, which confis-
cates the whole property, and the President can
make as many agents as he pleases to carry into
effect his duty under that bill to make seizures for
the Government. It does not need this act for that
purpose.
The act of July 13,1861, provided and intended
to provide for putting the rebel part of the United
States, at least, m the condition of belligerency,
