1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4'
the board would have satisfied my mind on the
subject.
Mr. President,! may be mistaken; but it seems
to me the success of our Navy may depend in a
great measure upon the question whether or not
we shall establish a place where we can manufac-
ture iron-clad vessels for ourselves, and the ma-
chinery by which they are propelled. Had the
Monitor been made in one of your own navy-yards
she would not to-day have been lying at the bot-
tom of the ocean. It may cost us a little more to
manufacture vessels in our own navy-yards, but
they are a great deal better when they are manu-
factured there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How was it v/ith the
Brooklyn ?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine asks
how it was with the Brooklyn. The Brooklyn
was a fine vessel, built upon models from the Navy
Department; but she was deficient in her timbers.
The timbers put in her were not of as good qual-
ity as were put in other vessels of the same class;
but she was an excellent ship. While the Senator
directs my attention to the Brooklyn, let me direct
his attention to the Niagara, a vessel that cost us
$1,000,000, and only carried eleven guns in her
best state. She was built by private contract.
She was built at New York, under the direction
of George Steers, and cost us twice as much as
the class of the Minnesota or the Wabash, and
carried only eleven guns, while they earned forty-
two.
I have heard it stated outside of this Chamber
that certain gentlemen connected with public mat-
teis have some direct or indirect interest involved
in this selection of League Island, i have heard
it said that some official characters might be in- (
fluenced in their action by some indirect interest ;
that they might have growing outof theselectiou |
of this place. I nm authorized to challenge the 1
most thorough scrutiny into the conduct of any ]
public officer in connection with the subject. I !
am authorized to challenge it here or anywhere
else in any way thutany gentleman may see fit to
designate. I believe that al! the parties wTio have
been connected with this subject, both on the one
side and on the other, have been impelled by the
highest consideiations of duty.
One other thing, sir. The SecretaryofthcNavy
has never proposed to make another navy-yard.
We do not want another one. His proposition
is not to create an additional navy-yard, but to
take this ground and substitute it for the old no vy-
yard at Philadelphia. The old one is defective; it is
too small; you must enlaige it to some extent if
you are going to select any of her place than League
Island, and when you have extended it us far as
it is possible for you to extend it, then it will be
a gn-at deal too small. I suppose Senators know
that every navy-yard, no matter how laige or how
small it may be, greatly increases the expenses of
the Government. Every navy-yard hasacaptain,
a commander, lieutenants, and boatswains, and
ceupenters, and sail-makers, and a great variety
of officers. If you increase the number of your
yards, you will increase the expenses of yourGov-
emmeiU from one to two hundred thousand dol-
lars annually. I cannot state the exact amount,
but I should estimate it would be from one to two
hundred thousand dollars for every additional
yard. The Secretary of the Navy has neverasked
for another yard. He has asked that he might
be authorized to gradually move the navy-yard
now at Philadelphia to League Island, where there
would be plenty of ground, which coidd be ex-
panded as the exigencies of the service mighr re-
quire. But the adverse proposition here to build
another yard, when you have already fix of them
right along on the lino of the coast, pll of them
within three hundred and fifty miles of each other.
I do not think that that would be wife under any
given cireumsumcc*.
Mr. President, i have stated my views very
freely, and if the Senate chooses to decide that it
is not for the interest of the Government that v/&
should have 
Mr. COLL AM ER. I should like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman as to the healthfulness
of fhat island.
Mr. GLUMES. I will answer that question.
When this subject was under discussion before, i
was much surprised at the lemarks of the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Tex Eyck.] I conversed
with him afterwards on the subject, for his in-
formation differed altogether from the information
that I had received, and 1 had it from those in
whom I put the most implicit confidence. When
I went to Philadelphia, I determined to spend a
day in order to satisfy myself whether I had been
misinformed or not; and I did so. I went to League
Island. I went over it. I spentseveral hours upon
it. I conversed with the people who lived upon
it. I think there are five families living upon it;
and the representations made to me were that their
health was good, and as good as at any other por-
tion of the country round about. Why, sir, it is
exactly such soil as your navy-yard at Philadel-
phia stands on now. There are oak trees stand-
ing on this soil that looked to me as though they
were one hundred and fifty or two hundred years
old, and not far from the river; on this very soil
that is represented as being the merest bog in the
world.
Mr. President, as I said before, I have stated
frankly my views on this subject. I have not any
interest in it, as the representative of a State, ex-
cept the general interest which we all have in the
success of the country, and especially in the suc-
cess of the Navy, which has reflected so much
honor upon us during this war, and always when
a public demand has been made upon it. I be-
lieve that the best interests of the country and of
that service require that we should accept some
position, some place remote from the sea-shore,
where an iron vessel can be cleaned, as it passes
from the sea, with its crustacea and filth ofonekind
and another, to the depot, and that it shall be un-
approachable by a hostile force. Mark my word,
if we reject League Island we shall regret it, and
the country will forever regret it.
Mr. President, could Great Britain secure to
herself or the British islands such a fresh-water
river as the Delaware, and such a site on its banks
for a naval station as League Island, she would
willingly give one of hoi most valued possessions.
Mr. DIXON obtained the floor.
Mr.TEN EYCK. With the permission ofthe
Senator from Connecticut, I wish to say just one
word in reply to the allusion ofthe Senator from
Iowa. The Senator from Iowa expresses his sur-
prise at the declarations made by me in relation to
the character of this island, lie alludes to a con-
versation that was had between us, I presume, as
well as to the few remarks I made in the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Jt was to your remarks in the
Senate that I alluded.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I trust the Senator will not
feel in the least degree offended when I say that,
in the little conversation he and I had in relation to '
thissubjectinimediately afier that debate, I under- ,
stood him to say that m relation, at least, to the ;
portion of land lying on the river, the only mistake
I had made was in stating that I thought the green
surface of thatsoil was upon the level of the river;
whereas, according to tiis understanding, he be-
lieved it was sometimes far below the level of the
river. The fact is, this land embraces a consid-
erable area. I do not pretend to say that a portion j
of the land lying back from the river is not fast
land, petmanent to the soil, if it may be called
soil; b'utall that which has the appearance of land
lying upon the rive r immediately adjacent there- j
to is so spongy that if a man steps with his loot ,
upon it it will shake iikt* a jelly; and 1 am told j
they cannot find a bottom, let them go as deep as ,
they may. We do not expect to build a navy-yard ,
up in the he irtof the country. We expect, when |
vessels are to bo constructed  1
Mr. GRIMES. Will the F'emtor allow me to ;
inquire where is the land he speaks of as shaking ■
in this way: Is it within the four hundred and ,
fifty acresVf fast land, as it is called, that ap- t
nroaches the rr. er ? \
" Mr. TEN EYCK. No, sir; but the portion of ■
land where tluy must begm; and a!i that has to ,
be protected and d< fended by a stone vail and em-
bankment, which are constantly liable to be swept
away, and which have b'-en swept away, at least 1
so far as the banks heretofore constructed ant con-
cerned, almost annually by the freshets coming 1
down that river, rnd by th* ice moving gradually
against it, whenever the ice is started by the iresh- ;
ets in the soring.
I did not intend to mcke another allusion m
relation to this proposition. I did not propose to
take any further part in this debate. J only ut-
tered spontaneously last session what my feelings j
were on the subjcct, based on information derived .
from what 1 supposed to be a reliable source, and
from some knowledge of the character of ths
island myself, believing conscientiously that the
Treasury of theUnited States would be sadly dura-
aged by the acceptance of this gift, believing that
it would be infinitely better and wiser on the part
of the Government to make a purchase of fast
land suitable and proper for such a construction
than to receive this as a gift. Having said this
much, I do not propose to say more.
Mr. GRIMES^. The Senator from New Jersey
may be very correct in regard to there being some
of this land that shakes in the manner he describes
when a strong man like himself stands upon it.
I said that about four hundred and fifty acres of
it were just as firm land, in my opinion, as the
land between here and the Potomac river; and
that the balance of these six h undred acres was low,
marshy, boggy land. That I stated when I was
up before.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the Senator one
question. How is this low, boggy, marshy land
situated in regard to the fast land? Is the fast
land in the center, surrounded by marshes?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; the fast land goes to
the river. It was an island, originally. The water
ran around from the Delaware into the Schuyl-
kill, or else ran the other way; I do not know
which. At any rate, a body of water ran around
it between the Delaware and the Schuylkill. That
has lately been filled up, and that is boggy, wet,
swampy land. Then at the bottom of the island
—that is,to the southward—is another quantity
of boggy land. As I said, however, more than
four hundred acres of it is what I would call, and
what they would call in the Senator's country,
very excellent meadow lands. The tide does not
rise' very hi?h there, and when I was there I
should think it was twelve feet above the surface
of the river.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, this is of course a
matter of public interest. There are piobably pri-
vate interests involved in it. There are no doubt
parties who arc desirous of obtaining the advant-
ages which would result ftom the existence or the
creation of a navy-yard m their neighborhood.
That is the case 1 have no doubt in Philadelphia. I
do notdeny that it is the case in Connecticut. But,
sir, I do not expect, nor do I desire the Senate to
be influenced in the slightest degree m its action
by any private feeling or any private interest. The
question is, what does the public interest demand
in regard to this proposed location?
Mr. Ptosidcnf, perhaps the period has not ar-
rived for institutingany comparison between New
London and Philadelphia as to the eligibility of
either for a navy-yard. That is not the question,
as I understand, now before the Senate. The
question is this: is Congress prepared to say posi-
tively that League Island shall be selected for this
purpose? That, I believe, is the precise question
before us. 1 do not propose to add much to what
has been said by mv colleague; but I desire to call
the attention of thc'Senate to a very few points.
What is the precise state of the case? How does
i it now stand? The act passed on the 15th of July,
186*2, contained this proviso:
" That said title shall not be accepted and received un-
k'-,s the .-ante shall Ik pciioetand indefeasible to the whole
i-land to low-water mark ; nor it, upon mote thorough ex-
amination ami suivey of til*; premise®, by a competent
hoard of ofiieet^ to tie bv him appointed, he shall discover
that th" public Interpol's"will not be promoted by acquiring
the title as aiore^ud.''
It was further provided in the second section:
" Tli It.the hoard (if officer* to bo appointed by the Sec-
retary ot the Navy according to the p: ovi->ions of the fust
i -1■ c11■'i' of this act, -lull. Ix-liite pioceodnijf to nnj decision
j of Uii- rjueMion heieu'hetoi e i<-ferr<>d to them, make a snr-
; V(>v jind examination oi the haihoi o! New London. Con-
! ne'Mietit, and its Muioinulmi!-. with tennencc to it- capacity
! and litnt tor a naval depof and navy-}ani, and witcther
j the public mtcie^s vxdl not be ptomoted by cMabiiflnng a
1 naval depot and navj-yard m on near s-aid liarooi of New
; London instead of League 13|and ; v d that they alsojnake
the <-anie investigation in reference to the watcia of x\ar-
1 roganfett bu\ .*>
i It seems to mo to be perfectly clear that, by the
! provisions of that act, the Secretary of the Navy
, was not to decide in favor of establishing tne juo-
! posed navy-yard at League Island, iL in the first
! place, the tide could not be mad*1 good: and, in
! the second place, if, upon more thorough examm-
■ o uon and su rve v by a hrd of com pet'*n t ofiicet s,
| it should be mode to appear, or he should dis-
1 caver, that the pu-ohc interests would not be pro-
I rooted by acquiring that title; ond then, by a fur-
