THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS 01?
CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Covrress, 3d Session-:
TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 18G3.
New Series.
...No. 32,
osity of the present holders may bo. I do not be-
lieve you will find the people of New London want-
ing in generosity if the Government desire to es-
tablish a navy-yard in their magnificent harbor.
But the report goes on:
"To furnish the materials fortius immense filling, which
will amount in the au?regate to seveia! million* of cubic
yards, it is said that an abundant supply can be had fiom
Hed Jjank, on the opposite side of the river, and fiom the
gravel bank* near the gas woiks.'"
There is no supply upon the island itself; but
you are to go across the river into the State of
New Jersey. If you £0 up Jj^ito the higher parts
of the State of Pennsylvania you may find suffi-
cient soil there. Why, sir, it is really a serious
question with this committee where you can find
the soil to fill up this island; where you can find
the materials for creating the land upon which to
build. They discuss the question where the ne-
cessary soil can be found. Now, I have no doubt
the soil can be found. I have not the slightest
doubt, as my colleague has said, that the State of
Pennsylvania has a sufficient amount of territory
to furnish solid materials for this purpose; and if
she has not, certainly the State of New Jeisey
will come to her rescue. But who shall pay the
expense? Who shall calculate its amount?
The report continues:
t{ There i* probably an abundance of good material on the
shoies of New Jersey''—
I have no doubt there is plenty of material in
New Jersey—
"but it mu«t be puichased from the piopiirtors and
transported acios^ the nvei, <i pincers which. 1:1 tin; opin-
ion oi tie3 biKud. will involve the expendiuue of at lea-t
$1,000,000."
At least §1,000,00!) will bo required to make the
land which we are told is offered to us as a mu-
nificent gift.
The report continues:
tk Other sources of supply have been sucnecwvl. such as
ashes from the city, cnide'ss, a-.hc*, «lai . &e , fiom the fui-
naccs; but we icg.iid these souices as unoeitam, and the
quantity limited, cotiMdeung the immense quantity re-
quited to accomplish the object."'
I acknowledge that the State of Pennsylvania
contains an immense number of furnaces; but ]
doubt whether all the furnaces in the State of
Pennsylvania could furnish from this time to the
end of the world, cmdeis, ashes, and slag enough
to fill up League Island, and make it a pioner po-
sition for building upon. They C0iidn.de by say-
ing:
" The board ii> of opinion thai, upon tin* point, the ad-
vantages aie deudedl} m favor ofiVow Luiuwji."
And yet the Senatoi from lovv.i tells us that he
thinks this soil is better as a foundation than the
granite formation of New Loudon. lie gravely
assures us that there will bo groat danger, if you
build upon that formation, of shocking and jar-
ring your machinery; whereas, if you build upon
League Island, you will have a degree of elasti-
city in the nature of the foundation which will
prevent any damage.
If you examine this report, you will fmu that
it is divided into seycial heads. The committee,
in a veiy elaborate and careful report, have eoiru
to their conclusions. On the compai ativo merits
of every single point, except the simple question
between salt and fre.Ui water, they decided in favor
of New London, and they say that on the whole
n is vastly preferable to the seh ction of League
Island. They therefore decide that League {bland
is not the best place; and not being the best place,
we ought not to make that selection.
The Senator says they were not unanimous.
It is true only two thinls of the committee, foui
out of six, were of that opinion. Four members
of that committee on a careful examination came
to the. conclusion that this place ought not to be
selected by the Go\ernment.
Mr. Piesidenf, I do not deem it necessary for
me to take up the time of the Senate on this ques-
tion. Jf it should come up in another form: if the
merits and the advantages of a location of a navy-
yard at New London should come un before the
Senate, I may, perhaps, deem it my duty to say
something on that subject. 1 may have occasion
to sneak at some length of the actual character
32
and merits of that situation for a navy-yard. As
I have said, however, the question now is whether
we shall forever deprive ourselves of the power of j
selection and volition by the choice of League Isl-
and merely because the land is offered to us. That
being the question, and it being clear to me that
it is not the interest of the Government that this
selection should now be made, ! leave the ques-
tion without adding anything further, being fully
satisfied that the Senate cannot, on an examina-
tion of this subject, come to the conclusion that
that position ought to be selected to the exclusion
of every other position on the coast of the United
States.
Mr. W1LMOT. I do not desire to detain the
Senate, and shall not detain them but a very few
moments. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] told us that this was a question of econ-
omy; that the expense of acccpting the oiler made
by the city of Philadelphia to the Government of ■
League Island, would involve such an amount of
expendituie on the pot of the Government as
would make it impolitic for us to accept their of-
fer. I submit to Senators that ft is not a question
of expenditure. It is not a question as to how
much it will lequiie the Government to expend
m filling up and making permanent the maishy i
lands connected with League Island. It is a (pies- ]
tion of permanent valu^ to the country. We are I
now called upon to establish a imy-yard, not of '
the ordinary cha>'.\ctei; notayaro for the building j
ol wooden ves^e's of \v at, but to estah! ir-h a yaid j
for the construction, sefe-keepmg, and pic*< rva- !
Uon of iron-clad vey?,< Is of war. That is what !
we now require, and that only; and whether it Will i
eost ,()()(},!)0D oi ^.">,000,01)0 to pive to League j
Island the necessary facilities for this purpose is
really not a very important question to us. Tin;
great question is, what will be its value when es-
tablished ? Will it he secuie from a foreign en- !
emy? Will League Island give security to us' !
So far as relates to this great consideration there |
(an be no choice betwe-n the two phv i s men- i
ti<  ncd—between New London ami League Island .
The one is upon the sea, and is v. ithiu the reach
of long rjnge guns fi oni the sea, and eouh! be bat-
tered down by vessels of wai fiom the sea, and
is within a da.fance of three or f-nu miles fiom
the sea. Tile other is a distance of some seventy
or eighty trues fiom the ocean, and ivnd"ied as
secure as it is possible to render a navy-yard.
There isoneot beret eat and con tnd hi i g cons i der-
ation, and only one other } ea!!y, in tins case; and
i ii.tt is, the vm ters aion nd League Lkuid are fresh; .
the waters vf N( w London arc sal t. Salt water de- J
stioy* iron. Within one yeai after the construe- '
tion of an iron-clad vessel lying in the waters of!
New London, it would be cinparanve'y worth- j
1 *'SS, and within two jears it would be worthless j
for any < fficient pui\-ose of a \ e,<-sel of war. Thus i
3rou build a na\y and destroy !f lush ad of having j
it permanent. Tins consult ration ov< 11 :des and !
ovn reaches all otheis. The Secietaiy so eon- !
sid"i ^ it, and so oii^ht wo to consider it. The
wateu ot League Island are fresh at all times, J
and a navy could rub- there secuie from haim. j
Now, sir, this ques!ion was seitled. and is set- i
tied. The attempt heie is, as it seems to me, to !
unsettle it in behalf of the interest of the port of ,
New London. Wo passed a law auiaonzing the j
S.vr-'lai y of the Na\ y to aee< pt the oii'u made by j
Pnihulelp.-ia of L< ague Island. It is true, we ]
dneeted him at the same u;n • t-j appoi it a boaid i
of omceis fo: the purpose of examming the icla- ■
live advantages < { League Island, New London,
and the watei s of Nan agansett bay; nut that was j
for the ou'"pose of enhgnfenu\g bun upon the sub-
ject. If, after th"ii r-port, he should beofopm- ;
ion that League Llano was the proper place for j
the yard. he\vos s'.nl to accept it. They made '
their leport «n accotdanco with tae law. lie has ,
read thatrepoit; he has examined it thoioughly; i
and he gives us here the i< suit, the conclusion to ;
winch he has come; and that is, that New Lou- ,
don possesses no advantages as a navv-yard lur '
iron vessels beyond Charleston, orany other port i
lying on the coast. ["Oh, no!"] I certainly so I
understand him, that, in his opinion, it has no
advantages. I will read the conclusion at which
he arrives:
i: The conflicting report?, and the conditions annexed to
the law authorizing the Sccietary of Iho Navy to receive
and accept League Hand, have occasioned "embarrass-
ment, ami I have ihetcloie deemed it respectful to delay
action miti' Con<iie><; should convene Asncitherthe har-
Ijoi of Ww London noi the waters of Narni^an.-ettbay are
adapted to the pmpo-?os and wants of an iiou navy, whftt-
evej may l>e their advantages m other respects, and as
Leacne inland ha- the requisite* of fiesh water, secuiity
fiom evtci na! enemies, and ptox unity to iron and coal, I pro-
poM.  in le^eivo and accept lor the Government the munifi-
cent cionation of the city of Philadelphia, unless Congress
shall otheiwise direct."
That is the conclusion to which the Secretary of
the Navy has come. No one will charge him with
being piejudiccd against the interests of New
London. 'Ho has reached that conclusion from the
facts before him, the reports made by the board,
and every other consideration brought to his mind
on the subject, and he st dl adheres to that conclu-
sion, (hat to promote the interests of the country
this gift of Philadelphia should be accepted, and
League Island should he established as a navy-
yard for the construction of iron-clad vessels.
Now, sir, it does seem to me there is no occasion
to unsettle this thing. What considerations have
been piesentedin behalf of NewLondon so over-
whelming, so conclusive as to require us to set
aside the deliberate action of the Secretary of the
Navy ? With a full knowledge of these reports
before him, and every fact material to a proper
decision, he has decided the question; and weare
now asked to interfere with hi*? decision; in fact,
to reverse it, and to say that New London shall
he the place where this navy-yard for the con-
struction of iron vessels shall be established.
Sir, the two great points which the Secretary
presents ought to conti ol this question: first, secu-
rity from a foreign enemy. Do you attain that
object in a greatei degiee at League Island than
you do at N< w London? The) c can be no ques-
tion about that. No aigumenf has been presented
here against it. That security is attained in the
highest possible degree at League Island. Then
the remaining consideration is—and those are the
only two considerations thatoughtto control this
question or to infii encc the action of Senators—
aie the waters of League Island adapted to iron-
clad vessels, and will the waters at New London
destroy iron-clad vessels'5 There is but one an-
swer to give, to that question: in the one case the
water is fi esh; in the other it is salt: one destroys
iron vessels; in the other, they can ride with per-
fect security and safety.
Mi. FOSTER. [ shall not prolong the dis-
cussion. I only call attention to the reportof the
board of officers appointed by the Secretary un-
der th* law of the i5th of July. That report
< loses with these resolutions—there are only four
lines in the two:
Jlaolvod. Tim? tn the opinion of the board the public !n-
toie-,m will not I)'"1 piomotud l y aequuing Iho title to League
H.uul to. navai psnpo-e&.
AW,/rul, Thar He' haihor of New London possesses
ge'.uu ativ.oiiayo-: for a navj-y.ud'and naval depot than any
othei location ev-nmined by thi-i heatd.
f?. II. ^TUIMGIIAM, Piciid'tw* Ojflcer.
W\ \\ AiU):\'i';i!, Commodore.
(1. J. VAX CIL'XT. Commodore.
\V. P. S. SANGKU, F.n^mcer,
There were other men connected with the com-
mission beside? those whose names are appended
to the resolutions I h i ve j read; and when gen-
tlemen ta5k about two icpoils, they talk about
what we do not iecogmz<- :u the Senate. We rec-
ognize but one lepoit; raid the report made by a
committee of this body can be but one, although
the (omioitnc may be divided ever so nearly.
The views of the minoiiiy, i>y courtesy, wc allow
to be punted, but not otherwise. They are not
eniilied to be printed, even. They are simply the
\u ws of the minority—not a report.
Let mo read one other thing in this report in
reply to the honorable Senatois from Pennsylva-
nia, on the question of defensibility:
<♦ The hoard is of the opinion that either of the sites under
examination may be piomptK and efficiently defended, and
that upon this question they may be regarded as equal."
