1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Powell, ilichaidson, Sauhbury, Trumbull, Wall, Wiliey, j
Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Missouri—24. I
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Davis, !
Foot, Harlan, Howard, Iung,Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilmot—15. (
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The third scction should now
follow the second. I move that the third section
be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The bill will now want some
further amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe that the bill had
better lie on the table. There is nothing in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the bill will not be laid
on the table, because 1 think there is considerable
good in it. I move to strike out the words " or
purchased," in line twoof section four,and to in-
sert " or" before the word ** collectedso as to
read:
That any part of the goods or property received or col-
lected by such agent or agents may be appropriated to pub-
lic use, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move, further, to amend the
same section, by striking out in the fourth and
fifth lines the words "or sold within said States
declared in insurrection."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move, further, to amend the
same section by striking out the word " other,"
before the word "place," in the fifth line, and in-
serting after the word " sale," in the sixth line,
the words " within the loyal States;" so that it
may be sold within the loyal States instead of the
insurrectionary Slates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move, further, to amend the
same section by striking out all after the word
" States," in the ninth line. The words to be
stricken out are:
And such portion of the proceeds of such sales as shall
be needed for the puipose may be used In any purchases
herein provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move, further, to amend the
bill in section five, line eight, by striking out the
words " or purchased."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move, also, to strike out of
section five, in the eighth and ninth lines, the
words <4 the prices at which it was purchased and
sold, and the cost of purchase."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to insert before the word
<4 transportation," in line ten of section five, the
words " or cost of," and after the word " and,"
in the same lino, before the word " sale," to insert
" proceeds of;" so as to read," the cost of trans-
portation and proceeds of the sale thereof. V
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out, in line
eighteen of the fifth section, the words " or pur-
chased," and insert " or captured."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out, in the same
section, in the twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and
part of the twenty-filth lines, the words " of his
continued loyalty to the Government of the Uni-
ted States from the time of the receipt or purchase
of said property," and insert" that he has never
given any aid or comfort to the present rebellion."
Mr. HOWARD. You will not get a great deal
of sugar or cotton under that.
Mr. CLARK. I do not propose to buy it. That
is stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend, by
striking out the word " purchase," in the twenty-
seventh line of the same section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. These are amendments that oc-
curred to mc, m running the bill over hastily, to
make it conform to the present condition of the
bill after striking out the second and third sec-
tions.
Mr. CHANDLER, The bill is utterly worth-
less. The Senate have deliberately voted that it
desires the present state of things to go on, or that
our generals shall become demoralized by plun-
der, that thieves shall take possession of this vast
amount of property, and divide it among them-
selves. They have deliberately voted from two
to three hundred million dollars out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, ami into the hands of
these thieves and robbers, rfow, sir, I move to
lay the bill on the table. It is utterly worthless,
and I hope it will be laid on the table.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion and let me make a remark.
Mr. COWAN called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the bill on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Oarlile, Chandler, Cowan, Da-
vis, Henderson, Ilowaid, Howe, King, Sherman, Sumner,
Teij Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, and Wil-
son of Missouri—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamcr, Dixon, Foot, Grimes,
Harding, Harlan, Ilarns, Hicks, Kennedy. Lane of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, Wall, and Wilson of Massachu-
setts—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by striking out " for the
purchase of staples;" so as to read: "A bill to
provide for the collection of abandoned property
and for the prevention of frauds in insurrection-
ary districts within the United States."
MESS AG K FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H,
R. No. 591) to indemnify the President and other
persons for suspending the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus, and" acts done in pursuance
thereof.
The'message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the following bills and joint resolutions of the
House:
A bill (No. 365) to amend an act entitled " An
act to promote the progress of the useful arts;"
A bill (No. 435) for the relief of Susan Dick-
son, widow-of John Dickson, deceased;
A bill (No. 468) to extend the charter of the
Alexandiia and Washington Railroad Company,
and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (No. 96) relative to the claim
of W. Maxwell Wood; and
A joint resolution (No. J50) in relation to tele-
graph companies in the District of Columbia
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the following bills, mc-
moiials, petitions, and resolutions; which was
agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 327) for the benefit of the heirs
and administrators of John Denham and George
Townley, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 166) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Israel Frisbie, a revolutionary
soldier;
A memorial of the surviving heirs of William
B.Foster; a memorial of Elizabeth Ltinsdale and
Maria M. Fox, heirs of General Stephen Moy-
lan; a memorial for the relief of William Wilkin-
son and oth-^'S, officers and soldiers in the Rhode
Ivsland brigade in the war of the Revolution; a
petition of the heirs of Joshua Chamberlain; a
petition of William H. Reab; and resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island, in
aid of the memorial of N. C. Craig for the pay-
ment of the claims of the Rhode Island brigade.
HOUSE BILTj KEFERKED.
The joint resolution (No. 154) to authorizes the
President to issue American registers to certain
vessels named therein, was read twice by its title,**
and referred to the Coniinitte'1 on Commerce.
GENERAL PUTMMKtt's WIDOW.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up House
bill No. 726, granting a pension to Frances H.
PI ummer, widow of thp late Brigadier General
Joseph B. Plummer, of the United States Array.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Be fore that is done i de-
sire to make a report from a committee of confer-
ence.
Several Senators. Wait till this bill is passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe in talcing
up private bills to the exclusion of public business
at this stage of the session. • 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
will receive the report of a committee of confer-
ence.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives*
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the repoft
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
(No. 226) to amend an act to establish a court
for the investigation of claims against theUmte'd
States, approved February 24, 1855.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joifit resolution
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 208) granting lands to the States of
Michigan and Wisconsin to aid in the construc-
tion of a military road from Fort Wilkins, Copper
harbor, Kewcnaw county, in the State of Michi-
gan, to Fort Howard, Green bay, in the State of
Wisconsin; and
A joint resolution (No. 131) to facilitate the
payment of sick and wounded soldiers in the hos 
pitals and convalescent camps.
SUSPENSION OF THE HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee of confer-
ence on the bill of the House of Representatives
(No. 591) to indemnify the President and other
persons for suspending the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus^nd acts done m pursuance thereof,
have agreed on a report, which I submit.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House No. 591, to indem-
nify the President and other persons for suspending the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus and nets done in pursu-
ance thereof, and the Senate's amendment thereto, having
met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses that
the Senate recede from their said amendment and agree to
the said House hill, amended to read as follows, to wit:
An act relating to habeas corptis, and regulating judicial
pioeeedings in certain cases.
Be it cuacfed by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales ot\imericn in Congress assembled, That
dunngthe present rebellion, tin; Piesident of the United
States whenever in his judgment, the public safety may re-
quire it, is authorized to Mt.-pond the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus in any ease thioughout the United States
or any pail thereof. And whenever and wherever the said
privilege shall be «uspend<d, as* nfoie-aid, no military or
other officer shall be compelled, in answer to any writ of
habeas eorpuf, to return the body of any person or persons
detained by linn by authority or the resident; but upon a
certificate, under oath, of the otiiccr having charge of any
one so detained, that such person is detained by him as a
prisoner under authority of the President,further proceed-
ing* under the writ of habeas corpus shall be suspended by
the judge or court having issued the said writ so long as
said su^peiiMon by the Piesident shall remain in force and
said rebellion continue.
See. 2. JlnA be it farther enacted, Thai the Secretary of
State and the Seereuuy of War be, and they me hereby,
directed, as soon a.s may be practicable, to furni li to the
judges of the circuit and district courts of the United States
and of the District of Columbia a list of the names of all
persons citizens of States in winch the adminiMiation of
the law's has continued unimpaired in the said Federal
courts, who are now, or may hereafter be,hold a* prisoner*
of the United States, by oider or authority of the President
of the United States or either of said Secretau.-s, in any
fort, arsenal, or other place, as State or political prisoners,
or otheiwise than as prisoners ol war; the said 11->tto con-
tain the names of all those who reside m the respective ju-
rist! ictions of said judges, oi who may be deemed by the said
Secretaries, or cither of thein, to have violated any law of
the United States in any of said juusdiction<, and also the
date of each arrest—the Secietaiyof State to furnish a list
of such persons as are imprisoned by the order oi authority
of the President, acting through the State Department, and
the Secretary of Wa  a list oi such as are imprisoned by
the order or authority ot the Piesident, acting thiough tiie
Department of War. And in all cases where :i q> and jury,
having attended any of said courts having jurisdiction in
the ptemi es.after tiie passage of this act, and aiterthe fur-
nishing of said list, as afoiusanl, ha-s terminated its session
without finding an indietnieur, or pre-entmcnt, or other pro-
ceeding against any such poison, it shall be the duty ot the
judge of said court forthwith to make an ordei that any
such prisoner desirinz a discharge ftoni said imprisonment
be brought beiore him to be discharged ; and evei> officer of
the L'mtod State4- having custody of such prisoner is hero-
t.v directed unmcdiatelv to obey and execute saul judge's
oi d«'i ; and in ea<e be shall del;i> or refuse so to do, he shall
be subject to indictment for a misdemeanor, and be pun-
i.-hed by a line of riot less than §oOU and imprisonment in
the common jail for a period not les< man sis months, iu
thcdif%eretion of the court: Provided, however. That no per-
son shall be dischaigcd by virtue of the provisions ot this act
until atrer he or ahe shall have taken an oath of allcgianee
to the Government of the- United States, and to support the
Constitution thereof; and that he or she will not hereafter,
in any way, encourage or give aid and comfort to tiie pres
