1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
cnt rebellion or the supporters thereof: And provided, also,
That ttfee judge or couit before wliom such person may be
brougm, before discharging him or her from imprisonment,
shall have power, on examination of the case, and, if the
public safety shall require it, shall be required to cause him
or her to enter into recognizance, with or or without surety,
in a sum to be fixed by said judge or court, to keep the peace
and be of good behavior towards the United States and its
citizens, and from time to time, and at such times as such
judge or court may direct, appear before said judge or court
to be further dealt with, according to law, as the circum-
stances may require. And it shall be the duty of the dis-
trict attorney of the United States to attend such examina-
tion before the judge.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in case any of
such prisoners shall be under indictment or presentment
fbr any offense against the law-* of the United States, and
by existing laws bail or a recognizance may be taken for
the appearand for trial of such person, it shall be the duty
of Scud judge at once to dischaigc such person upon bail
or recogmzauce for trial as aforesaid. And in case the said
Secretaries of State and War Miail for any reason refuse oi
omit to furnish the said list of peisons held as prisoners as
aforesaid at the time of the pas^a^e of this act wnhin
twenty days thereafter, ami of such persons as hercaftei
may be arrested withui twenty days from the time of the
arrest, any citizen may, after a grand juiy *hall have term-
inated its session without lindiim an indictment or pre-
sentment, as provided m the second section o( this act, by
a petition alleging the facts aforesaid touching any of the
persons so as afoie^aid imprisoned, suppoited by the oath
of such petitioner or any other credible person, obtain and
be entitled to have the said judge's oider to discharge Mich
ptisoneion the same term" and conditions pre&enbod in the
second section of this act: Provided, however, That the
said judge shall he satisfied such allegations are true.
Sue. 4. And^e it J uithcr enacted, That any order of the
President, or under hw authonty, made at any time during
the existence ol the present rebellion, shall be a defense
in all courts to any action oi prosecution, civil or criminal,
pending or to be commenced, for an> search, seizure, ar-
rest, or imprisonment, made, done, or committed, or acts
omitted to be done, under and by virtue of such order, or
Undercolor ot any law of Cuugte^ \ and such defense may
be made by special plea, or undei the general ismio.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That If any suit or pros-
ecution, civil or criminal, has, bi'en or shall be commenced
in any ritaie court against any officer, civil or militaiy, or
against any other peison, for any airest or imprisonment
made, or other tie>pas<es wr wrong-, done or committed, or
any act omitted to he done, at any time during the piesent
rebellion, by vu tin; or undei color ot any authority derived
fiom or exereiM'd by or under the PteMdent of tin* United
States, or any act. of Congress, and the defendant shall, at
the liuie of entei fug hi.- nppeaianec m >ueh eoui t, or if such
nppearnnee hh.ill have been enteied heioie the passige of
this act, then at the next se^ion 01 the court in \\ inch Mich
suitor pio-wvuiion pending, file a petition, stating the
fact-4, and verified by albdavit, toi the removal ot the eaiwj
for ti ial at the next circuit court of the United States to be
holden in the de-met where the suit is pending, and offer
good and sn(li< lent Muety for his filing in such com!,011 the
fh>t day of us session, copies of such piocess ami other
ptoceedings against him, and also foi his appearing in sueU
court and enteung .special hail in the cause, if special bail
wiio Oiigiualiv icipiiied therein, it then be the duly of
the State court to accept the Mtiety and proceed no fuiiher
m the cause 01 pioseeuiion; and the bail that Miall have
been 01 (ginalfy taken f-h.dl he discharged. And Mich copies
being filed as a fori said in Mich court of the United States,
the cause shall proceed therein in the same manuet as if it
had been brought in said court by ou«mal piocess, what-
evei may be the amount in dispute or the damage^ claimed,
01 whatever the citizenship otthe panics, any lormm (aw
to the contraiy notwithstanding. And any attachment ot
the good-* 01 estate ot the defendant by the original pioces-s
shall hold the goods or estate so attached to answer the
final judgment in the same manner as by the laws of such
State they would have been holden to aiiswei final judg-
ment had it been londeji-d in the court in which the suitor
prosecution was commenced. Ami it.-h.ill he lawlul m
any such actum ot pio-ecution which may be now pend-
ing or hete.ifin commenced befoie any Man1 com t w hat
ever, for anyeau-e aforesaid, after final judgment, lor cither
patty to i"inove and tianMei, by appeal, such case dining
tin; <-es,-iou or term of said couit at winch the smie shall
have taken place from such court to the in \t enemt com f
of the United States to be held in the dM! i<-t in whieh <uch
appeal '-hall be taken, in nnimiei al'oie-.ud. And it shall
be the duty ol tin* person taking mk h appeal to pioduee and
Ide in the said enciiit court attested copies of the piocess,
proceedings, at:d (iidgment in sueli can-! ; and it-dull aho
be competent f0( cithei pa 11y, within six mouths after the
rendition of ajudgment m any siieli ean-e,hy wntofenor
oi^other piocess, to remove the same to the cucuit court
of the United Siate«of that district, in wiueh Mich judgment
.shall have been rendcied; and the s.u,j < ucmt court shall
theicupon piofced to try and deteimme the tacts and the
Jaw in •mefi action, in the same inannei as it the same had
been (here ougmally commenced. the judgment m siieji
ca^e notwithstanding. Andanyb.iii which ma) have been
taken, oi piopoMv attached, sfj,\\] t,.> holden on the final
judgment ot the said eiicmt eomt in such actum m the
same nianuei rts if no mu«Ii icnioval and tianslci had been,
madt asat'oie ,n,l And the State couit liom whieh any
such action, cimI or c; iniinal, mav be ivmrn i d and trans-
lei red. a- atoics.ml. upon tin- jut-tie,- :tl\ u,<r good and sutFi-
<. I'-nt M'cmitv foj the pi'-seennon theieot, shall alimv the
same to be reimn ed and tran-lei red, and pioeeed notuilhe>-
in the case ; p^onded. fion-c, <v, That if the pait\ afoies.ud
shall fail duly to entei the 1 ejuovaf and tian-tei", as a!otc-
said, in the circuit eourt of ihe United States, asiee.ililvto
tln^ act.the H'ateeouit b\ whieii judgment shall havelv-en
rendeii'd, and liom whieii the tiaustei and iemovaM>ait
hav- been made, afore.,aid, -hall fie authorised, en mn-
tion foi that pirpose, fo i^qc execution, and to cany into
effect any stieh putement, the same as it no such removal
and muster had been math': And provided ai™. That no
such appeal or wilt of enoi shall be allowed in any cuia-
inal action or prosecution where final judgment shall have
been rendered in favor of the defendant or respondent bv
the State court. And if in any suit hereafter commenced
the plaintiff is nonsuited or judgment pass against him, the
defendant shall recover double costs.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That any suit or prose-
cution described in this act, in which final judgment may
be rendered in the circuit court, may be carried by writ of
error to the Supreme Court, whatever may be the amount
of said judgment.
Sec. 7. And be itfurther enacted. That no suitor prosecu-
tion, civil or criminal, shall be maintained for any arrest or
imprisonment made, or other trespasses or wrongs done or
committed, or act omitted to be done, at any time during
the present rebellion, by virtue or under color of any au-
thority derived from or exercised by or under the President
of the United States, or by or under any act of Congress,
unless the same shall have been commenced within two
years next after such arrest, imprisonment, trespass, or
wrong may have been done 01 committed,or act may have
been omitted to be done: Provided, That in no case shall
the limitation herein provided commence to run until the
passage of this act, so that no patty shall, by virtue of this
act, be debarred of his remedy by suitor proiecution until
two years from and after the parage of this act.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
J. COLLAMER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDJ5US STEVENS,
JNO. A BINGHAM,
Manager* on the part of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise for the purpose
of submitting a question. Iam not familiar enough
with the rules of the Senate to determine whether
it is a question of order on the reception of the re-
port. I will state as briefly as I can the reasons
why 1 object to the reception of the report. If I
understand the objects of a committee of confer-
ence, it is that they may harmonize the action of
the two bodies, having reference to what each of
them has done, but not for the purpose of bring-
ing in new matter not legislated upon or deliber-
ated upon hy the bodies that have had the bill
under consideration. Now, sir, the report just
submitted by the committee of conference to the
Senate, embodies in it provisions that were not in
the bill as it passed (he House of Representatives,
nor in the amendments made by the Senate. If
I am correct in that, and if the pioceedings had
here are such as are had in the House of Repre-
sentatives, I understand that it is good reason to
except to a report that is made by a committee of
conference. 1 suppose it is a question of order,
and as such I submit it to the Chair. I am not fa-
miliar enough with the rules governing this body
to know the extent to which debate would be al-
lowed on such a motion. I desire to submit the
point of order, and I am familiar enough with the
proceedings of deliberative bodies to umloistand
that if the decision is adverse to me on an appeal,
the whole question is then open for debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that the report embraces
nothing but the suhject-matler of the bill which
passed the House of Representatives, and the
amendments which passed the Senate. The House
of Representatives passed .1 bill containing two
sections, the first with a preamble. The first sec-
tion ratified all acts of the President in the arrest
of parties, and indemnified and discharged all of-
ficers ft om suits or piosecutions in consequence
of any airests made under his authoiity; and the
second section of the bill, as passed by the House
of Representatives, authorized the President to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus. This was the
House bill. The Senate disagreed to the bill
whieh passed the House, and passed a substitute
for tt. The substitute provided for the protection
of oilicets 111 the courts of the Unitq^ States, in-
stead of declaring proceedings against them null
and void. The two House,s having entirely disa-
greed, not having agieed upon any thing, what
was before the committee? Unquestionably the
bill ay it passed the House of Representatives, and
the amendments as they passed the Senate. Nei-
ther House had agreed with the other upon a single
line. That being the condition of things, what
have the committee doner The House bill,m ity
second section, declared:
Si-e. And be it further cna<tcd, That duriuc the ex-
istence of this rebellion the Piej-uh'uL.sha!! he, and ir> here-
by, 1 evened with authoi ity to dec laic the^UspeiiMon of the
piivilejj'* of the unt o' lioheas coipus, at such tunes and
ni such place*, ami with lejj.ud to Mich per*ons, as, m Ins
judgment, the public satety may inquire.'5
What did the committee of conference do?
They adopted that taction as the first ycction of
their report. Does my colleague object to that5
The second section of the House bill suspended
the writ of habeas corpus. The committee of con-
ference in repoi ting made the first section suspend
the writ. Surely there can be no objection to that.
The language is not precisely the same, it is true.
This is the first section of the report of the com-
mittee of conference. The second and third sec-
tions provide what? They provide that, although
the writ of habeas corpus is suspended, there shall
be a mode by which a party who is arrested or
imprisoned may,after a certain length of time,be
discharged by order of the court, which was in
a Senate bill, not in the amendments to this bill,
but in another Senate bill, which we passed. The
subject of the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus was before the committee, and we hav$
adopted the suspension, not in the precise lan-
guage that the House of Representatives passed
it; but a little varying from it; and I am sure my
colleague will not object to the second and third
sections which put a limit upon the suspension.
That is all they do.
The first section suspends the privilege of the
writ absolutely. So did the sccond section of the
House bill. The second and third sections of the
committee's report limit that suspension. That,
surely, was properly before the committee of con-
ference.
Now, what is the fourth section of our report?
It is—
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any order of th«
President, or under Ills authority, made at any time during
tiic existence of the piesent rebellion, shall be a defense in
all courts to any action 01 piosecution, civil or criminal,
pending 01 to be commenced, for any search, sei^me, ar-
rest, or imprisonment, made, done, or committed, or acts
omitted to be done, under and by viitue of such order, or
under color of any law of Congress; and such defense may
be made by special plea, or under the general issue.
That section as there worded, section four, is
in lieu of the first section of the House bill. Here
is what the first section of the House bill was.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will my colleagucper-
init me to make a single inquiry of him ?
Mr.TRUMBULL. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The report is not the
one agreed upon by the managers, if I am cor-
rectly informed. An appropriation was made 111
the report agreed on, and after the managers had
separated, a portion of them met and struck that
from the report. So I am informed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My colleague has been
misinformed. The report now presented is the
report agreed upon by the managers, and it is the
only report, ever diasvn up and signed at all. A
discusHion took place when the managers were
together as to various provisions; but this is the
final report, and no other repoi t ever was made
or ever was agreed upon by the managers. IF
my colleague has been informed that a different
report was authorized to be made, he has been
misinformed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Of course I know noth-
ing myself in refeience to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was proceeding to show
what the report was, as my colleague seemed to
suppose that wc had departed from the amend-
ments and the bill which were before us. I had
shown before I was interrupted that the first, sec-
ond, and third sections all related to the suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus, which was the
second section of the House bill. The fourth sec-
tion is the first section of the House bill, a little
altered. The first section of the House bill de-
clared—
uTlmt all such su>pcnsions,''—
Alluding to the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus—
"airests, and imprisonments, by whomsoever made, or
caused to be made, under the authority of the said Presi-
dent, <-hall be confirmed and made valid; and the said Pres-
ident, Secretaries, heads ot Departments, and all persons
who have been concerned in making t-aid arrests, or in
domcj or adviMna: any such acts as aforesaid, are lieieby
indemnified and discharged m tespect thereof. And all in-
dictments and information,action,s.utt%pto>ecution-5,and
proceedings whatsoever commenced, or to be commenced,
aeain^t the said President, or any of the person* afoiesaiti,
in relation to the acts and matters atore-aid. 01 any ot them,
ate heithv dischaiged and made void."
That was the section which passed the House
of Representatives. Now, we have not agreed to
that in hizc verba. The managers on the part of
the Senate had objections to it. The Senate would
1 not pass it when it was here. We believed jt was
j competent for Congress to regulate the remedy,
j We do not piopose to say that a suit shall be dis-
' missed, that a proceeding is null and void; but
I we propose that certain facts shall be a defense to
I an action. I should like to ask my colleague if
