186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
after oil, it resnlvos itself back into the original \
question: what was the result of their survey and j
examination in the shape of facts, not in the shape ]
of opinions?
Mr. FOSTER.. One is the resolution of the
board, and the other is the resolution of some-
body else.
Mr. COWAN. I deny that the four are the
board any more than the two. If the Senator in-
sists on having an opinion of the board, then the
board consists of six, not of four. There is no
provision, as 1 said before, that a majority shall
constitute the board, and a fiction lias to be re-
sorted to to make a majority constitute it—just
the same fiction which is resorted to to make it
obligatory on the United States to go on and put
a navy-yard and depot on this island, which I
hope they will do, and 1 have no doubt it will be
for the interest of the country if they do il. But
that is not in these papers, so far as we have thorn;
that is not in the law, and the law as it now stands,
and the argument as it is left here, have shown j
that no interest of the country can possibly he j
affected by the acceptance of this title upon the ji
terms and conditions of the law on the part of the j]
Secretary of the Navy; and I should think it would ||
be utter madness if Congress were to direct him i
not to accept it. And I say, Mr. President, that i
the very locus in quo repels any imputation that j
this is connected with a speculation on tin* pai t of j
the people of Philadelphia, or of anybody else. I
Sir, this island adjoins no man; it touches upon ,
the property of no human boini? upon the earth j
now, save and except the ciiy of Philadelphia. It i
is an island, surrounded by water on all sides, and i
nobody can be engaged in a speculation to have jt
turned into a navy-yard or depot, except in so far
as the incidental benefits of that establishment
would reflect themselves over upon the adjoining !
parts of the country, vv hiie it is entirely otherwise i
with New London, which lias been paiticuhu iy
put in competition with it; and I think one of the
objections to that place, and one which was fan Iy
stated, w.ULtliat it would open the door to ail man-
ner of jobuTng in and about the neighborhood tor
the purpose of making a yard there.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I fee! some
slight embarrassment in voting on this subject,
and 1 desire to state simply the point thatembar- j
rasses me. Congress at the last session seems to j
have determined that there was a national neces-
sity for a navy-yard somewhere, of an extraor-
dinary character; and they authorized the Secre-
tary of the Navy to select a suitable location for |
sucii a yard, with certain limitations. Now, the !
question that troubles me is not whether the Sec- j
retary of the Navy has the power claimed for linn j
on the one hand or the other, but a question of i
fact which is presented in the report ot the board I
ofofficers who made the examination. A majonty !
of the board, four of them at least, say that " in j
the opinion of the board the public interests will j
not be promoted by acquiring the title to League
Island for naval purposes."
Now, it seems to me that the whole question
turns on that fact This League Island was indi- i
cated somehow at the last session of Congress as j
a suitable locality for such a navy-yard; but there j
seems to have been a doubt in the minds of Con- ,
gress whether it was really so or not; a question ,
which Congress could not settle, and a question j
which theydid not see fit to refer to the Secietary ;
of the Navy to determine; but a question of fact |
which Congress piovided should be settled by .
a board of competent ofncris,a board of natTai
officers, a board whose profession and education
should qualify them to settle that fact. Th: t is .
the fair inference and the fair interpretation ol that ;
act. Congress did not mean to judge of the suit- ;
ableness of the locality, nor did Congress intend ,
that the Secretary of (he Navy should do it; lie hod t
no qualifications for it; but Congress said in at it
should be determined by a board of six ofneeis,
who should be selected with special inference to
their qualifications, their education, and their pro-
fession. Congress intended to have the light which
such men could throw upon the subject. The
board has been appointed; they have examined
the question, and they have exhibited here a long ,
report giving a detailed account of their examina- ;
tion and survey. The conclusion of it is that the
public interests will not be promoted by acquiring
the title to League Island. That is the sum and
substanco of the whole examination and survey,
and the question now comes back to us—upon the
intimation of the Secretary of the Navy that he
does not discover after all that the public interests
will not be promoted by the acquisition of this
island—whether Congress will say to him that he
shall or sball notacquiie the title?
It seems to me that the question, therefore, is
extremely embarrassed, to say the least, by this
report of the very board selected by Congress as
the persons most likely to be capable of determ-
ining such a question as that. They have determ-
ined against League Island, and the question is
whether Congress can with propriety, and in the
face of such information, allow it to be accepted. It
is not a question whether we will locate this navy-
yard at New London or at League Island. No
such question as that aiises here. The Secretary
of the Navy docs not propose to puichase a site
at New London, or to locate the navy-yard there,
and I do not understand that the act authorizes him
to locate it at New London; but the simple question
is, whether, with the light before us, with (he re-
port of the boaid indicated by Congress to dele inl-
ine the tact whether League Island was a suit-
able place or not, and they having determined
against it, Congress will say, under these ciieum-
stancis, that we ought to acquire the tide? For
one, I shall vote to instruct the Secretary of the
Navy that he cannot with proptiety accept the
title to League Island against that leport of the
board. I shall vote so as to leave the question j
for further examination by another boai d, i f it be
deemed desirable to examine the question fuither
to aseertmu whether League Island is a proper
place for such a yaid.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
foratlurd re.uling; and it was read thcthiul time.
Mr. GRIMES called foi ih«- yeas and nays on
its passage, and they v/eie ord^n-d; ami being
taken, toMiIted—y< a« 21, nays If;; .-s foHows:
y j: —Me->-1 > A ut hon v, A mold, l 'handler, Cl.\i k. Di\-
on, Foster. Male, II;"ia;i. Ilmv.trd. Lane ot hmiai-a, Lime
ot Aloirill. i>omei<> \, Kiev. Mjetnnn, Stnnie'r, Ten
E\ek,Tnniibtill, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson oi
C'llU-ctN—'Jl.
NAYS—Me*-!1-. l rowmn^. Collnmer, Cowan,
Dnoluile. Fe-sonden. Fool, (iiiinc-, M.irdinir, H u11-. Hi-'i-
dri-on. 11 u k-. Kins, Ne-imnu I'oweiK Wall, Wilmot, and
Wilson ot Mi^souu—13.
So tlic joint resolution was passed.
QUAUTKUMASTElt GKNl!tiAI,'s DKPARTMJ5XT.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 4(>3, that wo hat! up yes-
terday—the bill to authon/e the appointment of
three auditors and a sobeiioi for th1' fjnai'tei mas-
lei 's d'-i aitment, and to lneiease the clei ical and
otiler foice oi'!lie Q.nai tci master General's office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill having
been informally laid aside, it is now before the
Senate.
Mr. ANTIIONY. Before proceeding to the
consideration of that bill I hope the Senator will
call up the resolution he ofiered yesterday.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. J think we
can pass this lull in a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment pionosed by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I desire to
modify my amendment so as to stiike out the
whole of the first section of the bill^aml I do so
because we have amended oi a^ieed to amend the
bill so as to give the quartermastei tour clerks of
the fourth class; and as to the solicitor, on further
reflection I have great doubt whether such an of-
fice ought to be established ill a bureau under the
War Department, for it is really a bun au, though
it is called the quartermaster's department. I un-
deistand that the Secretary of War has already
selected a srentleman who is acting as solicitor of
the War 0,'fiee, and transacting very impoitant
business for that office, and that a proposition will
be made heie to authorize theappointnient ofaso-
licitoi for the War Department, winch, of course,
covers the commissary department and the quai-
tei master's depart ment, and all 'he other bureaus
under the Secretary of Wai; ami that amendment
will be moved to another lull. 1 h^retore 1 pro-
pose simply to strike out this provision here, and
stand upon the clerks provided m the second sec-
tion of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to strike out the first section of the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to hear
the bill read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish to amend that
portion of the section in relation to the continu-
ance of these clerks by providing that the Quar-
termaster General shall have power to continue
them, with the approval of the Secretary of War*
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had better strike out
the whole of that clause, and let the Secretary of
War appoint them as usual.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not want the
Secretary of War to appoint, and the Quarter*
mnsicr General to reject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was an
amendment suggested yesterday by the Senator
from Maine, upon which no question was taken.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Secretary rend the section as it stands?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It stands ns it is
printed. No amendment has been made to it. The
Senator from Maine suggested an amendment
ycstei day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw it, and let the
chairman of the Military Committee propose his
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section then
stands before the Senate as punted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will read
the section as 1 desire to have it stand:
Tliut tlien* shall In* ad<lc<i to the clerical and other forco
ot'tbe quarteriua-.ter's liepaitinent tour clerksof class tour,
ninety cleiks <>l' cln-s one, ami thirty copyists, ami six la-
!>me^ at an anini.il compensation oi §600 each, to be ap-
pointed !>y the Sec ret my oi War.
Mr. HALE. I want the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to explain to the Senate how it happens
that yesteiday when these officers were called au-
dittos he only wanted three; and now, when he
changes the name and calls them clerks, he wants
four.
M r. WILSON, of Massachusetts. These four
are to supply the place of the three auditors and
solicitor.
Mr. HALE. I understand there is to be >i pro-
vision putting in the solicitor sfill, only hois to
be the solicitor of the War Department and not of
the Quartermaster General's Office. 1 think the
Senatoi should not ask for more than three.
Mr. W1LSON,of Massachusetts. I think really
that the bill ought to stand as I propose it. When
the suggestion on which the bill is founded came
here originally, the Depaitment asked for ninety
clerks, fwenty-five of whom were to be clerks of
the second class, and some of the third class, and
five or six more to be cleiks of the fouith class,
in addition to the auditors. They wanted to divide
tlieni into these classes. Inoidei to save expense,
we cut them all down to class one, at§1,200. Now
wegive them four fourth class clerics in placeofthe
three auditors and the solicitor. I think it will be
veo y wt II to let it stand at that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. For the purpose of
healing a leason from the Senator from Maine, I
move to amend the amendment by striking out
the word "department" and inserting the word
" bureau." The word " department" under our
Constitution lias a technical meaning. Why use
it in connection with a bureau, and by what au-
i! thontv '
jj Mr." FESSENDEN. I have no sort of nbjec-
') tion to that change. It makes no difference to me.
Ij The Senator wanted to hear a reason from the
■ ! Senator from Maine.
!l Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
j Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no reason to give,
i, I only know that in common parlance we call it
i| the quartermaster's department. It is a matter of
j! entile indifference to me whether it is called a
! buieau or a department.
i| Air. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Ithinkwe
j had better not make the amendment proposed by
^ the Senator from Kansas. I have not looked to
i see why it is by law, but you will find it in your
' Army Register, that these different branches of
the military sen ice are called the ordnance de-
' j ar!iiieiu, the commissary department, the quar-
termnster's department, tile medical department.
They are nil down in the reports in that form.
They ate all down so in the Army Register.
Mr LANE, of Kansas. I said the Constitu-
tion of the United States recites what a Depart-
ment is, and every single department which the
gentleman has named, under our Constitution, is
