14&8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
we are going to do ihe converse I take to be an
imputation upon us; but I by no means intended
to make any threat. I do not indulge in threats.
I thought it proper to state that we would come
under no agreement whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to aslc if it comports with
his ideas of fairness in parliamentary debate to
say it is an imputation upon him, when he asks
to have a matter postponed, to inquire if the ob-
ject is simply delay, or to have an opportunity
for investigation? When he proposes to postpone
a matter for aday or an hour, isit an imputation
upon his honor or his position as a Senator to
ask him with what object he does it? This is a
strange sort of sensitiveness, it seems to me.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator asks me that
question, I will state that we demanded a post-
ponement, stating distinctly that our object was
to get time to investigate the bill, and thereupon
it was proposed that we should come under these
conditions.
Mr. BAYARD. The motion as I understand
it is to postpone until seven o'clock this evening
the report of th<* committee of conference on the
bill called the indemnity bill, which passed both
Houses in a different form, and which is now
brought before the Senate m a form materially
different in its provisions from either the bill ot
the House of Representatives or the amendment
to it in the form of a substitute by the Senate.
The report was made on Saturday, and was or-
dered to be printed, and was laid on our tables,
printed, within the last half hour.
Mr. POWELL. It was reported within the
last hour or half hour.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps it was reported with-
in the last half hour. Certainly the printed re-_
port was laid on our t:*bles within the last half
hour. It embodies a new bill containing parts of
each of the others, and 1 think additional provis-
ions which are not to be found in either of ihc
other bills, it is a hi'l which we suppose to be
in palfiiihle violation of the Constitution ot the
United States. If it iathe intention of a majority
of the Senate to refuse the right of debate and dis-
cussion on the nieiits of that question, so thatwe
may appeal from the power which controls here
to the great ultimate power which must control
both sides of this Chamber, the people ot this
country, (hen, of course, tin: motion will be re-
fused. [low is it possible to expect that the mo-
ment a measure of I Ins importance is brought line,
debate is to coninit-tH-c and br forced at once? Is
that consistent with any cmutesy applied to de-
bate which has existed in the country, and which
ought always to exist in a deliberative body in
every free country ? I trust that com tesy will not
be denied. The time asked is very slioit for the
consideration of this important bill; and I do not
think gentlemen need fear that the full discussion
of the bill will prevent its passage with the unques-
tioned majority wlucli they have 111 this Chambi-i.
Perhaps it might be better foi them heieafterif it
should fail in its passage now .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection in the
world—and I wish the Senator (torn Delawaie to
und-erstand il—and have made no objection to
postponing this bill until seven o'clock this even-
ing for purposes of discussion. If it is not sim-
ply for delay, I have nosoitof objection. The
Senator from Delaware places his icmarlts upon
the ground that, they ought to have all opportu-
nity to discuss the bill. Agreed. There is not
a principle in it tli.it has not been discussed; but
still it is his right to discuss it further; and it it is
to be postponed until seven o'clock to-night for
the purpose of discussing the bill, I apprehend
there is not a prison hen: who will not consent to
it. If that if> the purpose 1 do not object, and it-
may go ovei until seven o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 did not make the statement
or reply the honorable Senator supposes. I was
not m the Chanilni' i the motion was made
here; but it was evident to me thme was opposi-
tion of some sort, and an opposition coming from
the majority of tio Chamber; and the ground
taken was that it was meant for delay. It is for
delay for the purpose of debate and discussion.
So far as I know or can learn or believe, it is de-
lay for no other pin pose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is entirely satisfac-
tory to me. I have no objection.
Mr. BAYARD Delay to that extent I think
always reasonable. If there be any purpose be-
yond that, it is unknown to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask leave to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays by unanimous
consent, and let the subject go over until seven
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the call £er the yeas and nays will
be withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection,
and the call is withdrawn; and the further cos*
sideration of this subject is postponed until seven
o'clock this pvening.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the committee of con-
ferenceon the disagreeingvotesof the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 226) to amend an act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States, approved February
24, 1855, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on ttie disagreeing votes of
the two llous.es on the amendments to the bill (11. It. No.
220) to amend an act to establish a court tor the investi-
gation ol claims against tiie United States, apptoved Feb-
luaiy 21, 13.53, bavin? met, after full and Iree conference,
have agreed to lecommeinl, and do recommend, to their
lespective Houses as lolluws:
That the Senate recede fiom their first, third, seven-
teeih. and twentieth amendments.
That tho finite recede from their disagreement to the
second, fourth, sixth, eighth, ninth.tenth, eleventh,twelfth,
tintteenth,fifteenth,eighteenth,twenty-first, twenty-third,
twenty fifth, twenty-ftilh and a half, twenty-seventh, twen-
ty-eighth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-third, Unity-
fourth, thirty-fifth, thiity-bevcnth, and thirty-eighth amend-
ment* ol* the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House iccedo hom their disagreement to the
Senate's fifth, seventh, fourteenth, fifteenth, nineteenth,
t\venty-s>eeond,twemy-fonrth,tweiity-sixlh, twenty-ninth,
thirtieth, and thirtv-sixth amendments, changing the num-
bers of the sections of baul bill, and a«ree to the same
amended so as to number the sections ofsaid bill, as here-
with leported, consecutively fioin section uumbci one to
section number fourteen, inclusive.
1.YMAN TltUM HULL,
l)A\TIEL CLAIIK,
R. VVlLSuN,
Mannsins on tin' pent of the Senate.
A. d. i'OUTER,
J.C ROBINSON,
Managers on the pent oj the House.
The report was concurred in.
MS POUT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Fmanee, to w Imm was ivfoirod tho bill (H. It.
No. 770) toam^nd an act. entitled " An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
: and pay interest on the public debt," approved
July 1, IBtL', and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
GKNJEUAL PLUMMKtt's WIDOW.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion ot the Senator from ICansas,
[Mr. Pomkroy,] that the Senate proceed to the
consideration ol the bill indicated by him grant-
ing a pension to the widow of Brigadier General
Piumtner.
Mr. PUME110Y. It will oniy take a moment
to consider it. If it consumes any time I will
give wjiy.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
tho bill (II. R. No. 726) granting a pension to
Frances II. Plnmmer, widow of the late Brigadier
.To&cph H. Plnmmer, of the United States Army.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Frances Ii. Plnmmer, widow of thg
hue Brigadier General Joseph B. Piummer, of the
United States Army, on the pension roll, at the
rate of fifty dollars a month, from the 9th of Au-
gust, 18(12, for and during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, mihI passed.
^ ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate take up House bill No. 523, to promote
the efficiency of the corps ofcngtnecrs and of the
ordnance and quartormnster's departments, and
for other purposes.
The motion was a^roed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
j mittee on Military AtYaiis have reported back an
, amendment to the entire bill as a substitute, and
i I suppose it will not be necessaiy to read the
! original bill. I ask that the substitute be read.
1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment in the form of a substitute will be read, and
the "reading of the original bill will be omitted if
there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike outall after the enacting clause of
the bill, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the corps of topographical engineers, asadUtinct
branch of the Army, is heieby abolished, and, from and after
the passage of this act, is meiged into The corps of engi-
neers, whichshall have the following oiganization, namely:
one chief engineer, with the iauk, pay. and emoluments of
a brigadier gtmeral; fourcolonels ; tenlieutcnantcoionels;
twenty majors; thirty captains; thiity fnstlieutenaius,and
ten second lieutenants.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That tho general officer
provided by the first section of thi< act shall be selected
from the corps of engineers a-* theiem established ; and that
officers of all lower grades shall lake rank aceoi ding to their
respective dales ot commission in the existing corps of en-
gineers or coips of topogiaphical engineers.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnacted, That no officer of the
corps of engineers below the rank of a field officer shall,
hereafter, be promoted to a higher grade befoie having
parsed a satislaetoiy examination before a board of three
engineers sonioi to him in rank ; and should the officer fail
at said examination, lie shall be suspended from pioinotton
for one year, when he shall be reexamined, and, upon a
second f.uluie, shall be diopped by the President from the
Army. , , „ .
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
added to the ordnance department one lieutenant colonel,
two major*, four captains, four fir.-t lieutenants, and eight
second lieutenants; the additional officers herein author-
ized to be appointed by piomotion, so far as the present of-
ficers of the oidnanec corpi will permit; and the residue
to be appointed by transfers from other regiments or corps
ol the Army. , , .
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there be added
to the officers now in tho quartermaster's department of the
Anny, by regular promotion therein, one colonel, two lieu-
tenant colonels, and four majois, who shall have the same
rank in said department as other officers of like grade
therein. . .
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the increase or
lank of officers and in the number of officers provided for
in tbi? act shall continue only during the existence of the
present rebellion and one year thereafter; e.vcepting, how-
ever,the ordmaiy increase ofgiade by oidinary promotion,
Independent ol tin* piovibiou-? of this act.
Sec. 7. And he it further cnactcd, That section two of the
act approved March 1849, entitled An act to provide for
the payment of hoises and other property lost oi destroyed
in the military service of the United States," shall be con-
strued to include steamboats and other vest-els, and " rail-
road engines and cars," in the property to be allowed and
paid for when destroyed or lost under the ciicmnstancea
piovidcd for in said act
Sec.8. And be it father enacted, That the forces author-
ized to be received into the sei vice of the United States by
tin* twelfth section of tho act approved the 17th of July,
18fi2, entitled uAn act to amend the act calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
reetion, and icpel invasion, appioved f'obruaiy 28, 179o,
and the aet ainendatoiy thcreol, and tot other purposes,''
shall he officered by peisoiw appointed and commissioned
by the President, and governed by the rules and articles oi
Sec. 9. And be it further cnacted, That all payments of
advance bounty made to enlisted men who have been dis-
charged before seiving out the tenn lequired by law for its
payment in full shall be allowed in the settlement of the
accounts of the paymasters at the Tieasury; but hereafter,
in all such cases, the amount so advanced shall be charged
against the enlisted int ti, unless the dischaige be upon sur-
geon's certificate for wounds received or sickness incurred
since their last enlistment.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That upon any requi-
sition hereafter being made by the 1'iesident of the United
States lor militia, any peison who shall have volunteered
or been diafted for the service of the United States tor the
term of nine months, or a shorter period, may enlist into a
regiment liom the  ame Siate to serve for the term of one
year, and any peison so enlisting shall he entitled to and
receive a bounty ot fifty dollar*, to he paid in lime and
manner provided by the act of July 93, ISO I, for the pay-
ment of the bounty provided for by that act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs as a substitute for
the original biil.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the fifth
and sixth sections of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sections
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be Ufuither enacted, That there be added to
the officers now in the quartermaster'* department of the
Army, by regulai piomotion therein, one colonel, two lieu-
tenant colonels, and four majors, who shall have the same
rank in said department as otlu-r officeis ot like grade
th^o'in.
Sec 6. And be it further cnacted. That the increase of
rank ot ofheen and in the number of officers provided for
in this act ?liall continue only during the existence of the
present rebellion and one veat thereafter; excepting, hovv-
evei, the oidinary increase ofgiade by oidinaiy promotion,
independent of the piovwons of thi^ act.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to striking those sections out.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am in favor of strik-
ing out the amendment in relation to the quar-
