1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
50%
on the Secretary of War, if the case is over car-
ried to him, theunpleasanttask of impeaching tho
testimony of the officer. It would be allowed in
most cases, and to deny it in others would sop in
hard. It is making the Secretary of War the judge
of the veracity of the party. The difficulty is that
it will introduce a much looser system of auditing
accounts than we now have; and I do not think
it at all necessary to the security of the pai ty.
It is always dangerous to introduce a general
Principle that varies the practice which has long
cen pursued by the Government, on account of
a particular case; and that is what I alluded to
when 1 said that the contemplation of a fair and
proper officer, who had been unfortunate in refer-
ence to his vouchers, was the occasion of the in-
troduction of this as a general rule. Heretofore,
the practice under such circumstances has been
to bring that particular case to Congress, and let
Congress pass upon it and relieve the officer, if
the Secretary of War did not, deem the circum-
stances and facts that were shown sufficient to just-
ify him in audiringtheaccount. I think itis safer
to adhere to the old securities and guards than to
introduce this new provision.
Mr. HALE. I apprehend it will be found that
almost all the statutes that have been introduced
from time to time have grown out of paiticular
occurrences, particular transactions that suggested
the necessity of them. 1 confessthatl have long
thoughta provision of this sort, eminently propel,
not only in the military but in the naval set vice.
Take, for instance, the Cumberland, that went
down by an assault of the Merrimac upon her;
all the papers and books and vouchets of the pay-
master went down with her. I think it is emi-
nently wise and humane m svcli a ease as that to
allow the oath of the party to be given. It would
be unjust and inhuman to hold him to the strict
and technical rules of law in such a case as that.
I think the policy and the humanity of the coun-
try require that there should be such a rule as
this, both in the Army and Navy. It should be
weli guarded; there is no doubt about that.
Mr. KING. Allow me to ask the Senator if
the party is not now allowed to make his affidavit,
or to make his certificate on honor in these mat-
ters, and to give all the circumstances connected
with them as'the evidence on which the account-
ing officers pass, lie is now authorized to make
an affidavit. I think, but it is not conclusive, and
I would not make it so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This does not make it so.
Mr. ICING. I think there is some language in
this proposition which might poi haps be const rued
in that way. I think he has a right to make his
affidavit now, and it has its full weight.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand that there is
any such law as the Senator from N(>w Yoik re-
fers to. There is no law on the subject. Since
this rebellion has been in existence applications
to the Navy Department have been made by pay-
masters  n the Navy, and partial relief has been
extended in one case, which case is still before the
Naval Committee. That was the case of the pay-
master at the naval station at Pensacola. Tin
yard was taken by the rebels, and all his books
and papers and vouchers were taken by the rebels.
The same may be said of vessels which go down
in action, or vessels lost at sea. Take the ease of
the Monitor tha* sank the other day. I suppose
all the papers of the paymaster went down to the
bottom of the ocean. Now, is it just to hold a sur-
viving paymaster to all the technicalities and lia-
bilities which govern the settlement of account?
Is it not absolutely necessary to makr% a lobula-
tion of this kind, which, as the Senator fi om Ver-
mont says, has been made the law of the most
civilized countries of the world? U is tee law of
England in all eases, it is the law of the State
which I in part represent, that either parly, plain-
tiff or defendant, may come into court under oath
and tell his own story; and I am told that it is the
result of the experience oft he best lawyeis in Eng-
land that justice has been promoted, and greatly
promoted by it. 1 think that is the expeuence of
every country where that change of the law of
evidence has been introduced. [ hope this amend-
ment will pievail; and I should like to extend the
same piov ision to naval officers, if it will not em-
barrass this proposition iu the judgment of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 fear it would embarrass
this.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will reserve it for
another occasion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifth is provision is adopted,
I have no doubt the practice will at once obtain of
passing officers'accounts on their own affidavits.
It will be much easier for them to make an affi-
davit than it will be to procure the testimony of
otherpeisons to prove the same facts. But 1 think
if it is to pass at all, the provision should be so
amended as to require the officer to state in his affi-
davit that he has no other means of procuring evi-
dence of the same fact than by his own oath; other-
wise I am quite sure if we pass this proposition,
although that affidavit is not made by the terms
of it conclusive, the practice will be that where
the officer swears to his account it will be taken as
prima facie correct, the Department will not hunt
evidence to combat it, and unless some person ap-
pears to show that it is an error, it will be taken
as proved under this law. I would require the
pai ty, if the provision is to pass at all, to state in
his affidavit that he knows of no other person by
whom hecanestablish the same facts. That would
piovide foi a case like the Congress and the Cum-
beiland. it is these extreme coses that arc put
with a view of securing the passage of the pro-
vision. We can provide for these extreme cases
in this way: whcie there aie no other witnesses,
no other persons that can be obtained to prove the
facts which the officer wishes to establish on the
settlement of his accounts, then let his affidavit
be received for what it js woith.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I considered that very
matter at the time that I diewthe amendment,
which I drew, as I said, with a little care; and the
Senate will peieeive at once that the Senator from
Illinois is applying lules to officers of the Army
who offer t<> testify under oath thataie not applied
to a pai ty in court who ofiVis to testify in his own
case, either in England or m the States of this
country where thai is allowed. They do not te-
quiie hnn tu say that he cannot piove the fact by
other testimony; but he oueis himself as a wit-
ness. What will an Mlicr do under those cir-
cumstances - Suppose his account is reached for
settlement two years hence. He has been sep-
arated from his company in the mean time. We
are m war, and our companies oet used up. When
the officer conns to set'Ic his accounts, is he to
swear thnt he has no other means of proving the
facts but his own r.fluta vit? Suppose he finds that
there is a lieutenant m New Mexico who was a
lieutenant of his company at that tunc, by whom
he might i c able to prove the loss, shall he send
to New Mexico to get him, or shall he go out
there and take the testimony of a sergeant or pri-
vate, if there are an y left: ?nd by whatauthoiity
will he compel testimony to he given? You Set-
that a man of honor, a man of conscience,could nut
take that oath in one case out of ten thousand; it
would be impossible; it would he imposing a con-
dition on him that he could not fulfill; and you
might just as well n fuse to pass the section atall.
As I und< rstand it, it will not v-'-ry mate rially vuiy
the practice. I went up and consulted the Quar-
termaster General in ivgaid to it before I diew
the amendment; and upon the law as it stood, he
said that under the- practice of the department he
thought it. was pretty much the same now; but
he sent for the eh rk of the office, w ho has charge
of this particular branch; and the clerk said that
he thought the law need- d amendment to make
it more cl'-ar in two impoi taut particulars: one
was providing speciiicaliy tha' the affidavit of the
patty rn'ght be received as evidence, and the other
confining it s./ecifieally, which the law did not
now, to the los;> of vouchers and books, J drew
th" eiauf.'., Uu rt faie, not to vury the practice of
th" depaitmeut, but to make it more clear. You
see that as it stands it leaves everything to the
accounting officer. If he is satisfied from ail the
circumstances of ihe case that it would be umea-
sonable t<> lequiie olhei testimony, thac the offi-
cer's affidavit ought to be received, and that no
other testimony could be got without a burden
that should not Iu* imposed on the officer, he may
reee<\e if. If noi, if it is a suspicious case, if it i
is a case where tie: officer can easily, or with rea- •
souable dilig'-nci', procure other testimony, the <
faithful accounting officer would require other j
testimony. # j
I do not think it worth while in this instance j
to take ltforgrantedthateveryofficerofthe Army j
means to cheat the Government, and especially j
out of clothing which he does not wear, andlsup*-
plies which he does not use, but which he has to
account for. The officers are placed at great dis-
advantage by our rules. They compel an officer
of a company to discharge this service; he is not
paid for it. They compel him to take clothing
and supplies, and deal them out to his troops, and
gi ve receipts for them at the time; and having com-
pelled him to take them by the law, and to give
a receipt, the Department have all the evidence
against him. He goes into battle subject to a
thousand contingencies, and then, when he comes
out, having imposed this burden upon him, you
say to him, " prove by good testimony that you
have bestowed these in this way; we cannot take
your oath for it as evidence in the first instance
to show that that is the fact." I think that is
dealing with our officers in a way that ordinary
business men do not deal with each other. I thin&
they should be entitled to the benefit of the same
rules thatare applied to the community generally,
especially when a burden is imposed upon them
which they do not ask for.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the amendment of thfi
Senator confined to officers going into battle, or
docs it apply to all officers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ail who lose their vouch-
ers by unavoidable accident.
Mr. POMEROY. i think a single word should
bo inserted; let him swear that he knows of no
other available testimony, or something of that
V'mi'. FESSENDEN. Then what is available f
testimony? It brings it to the same thing, and
that is, that you will not allow him even to testify,
in a ease of that description unless he will swear
in ihe first place that he cannot getany other test-
imony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not satisfied at all
by the reasoning of the Senator from Maine,
which goes on the assumption that honorable
officers would not make false affidavits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notatall. I would thank
tho Senator notto quibble with my words. I said
simply that it was not worth while to presume
that the officers of our Army were all knaves and
dishonest men.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is, nor
do I think it is worth while to pass laws requiring
accounts to be investigated by officers at all if you
assume that every man is perfectly honest and an
angel. One is just as reasonable as the other; and
there is just as much force iu my suggestion that
every officcr of the Army is an angel and will do
perfectly right, and you need not examine his
accounts at all, as there is in the assumption of
the Senator from Maine that somebody supposes
eveiy officer a knave, and therefore he is to be
treated thus and so. Neither is what we ought
to do.
Tho object of these laws in regard to the inves-
tigation of accounts is to prevent improper ac-
counts from being allowed, if there are dishonest
officers. Such things do occur. We frame the laws
to secure the faithful discharge of the duty of of-
ficers. I do not think that it is a hardship when
you are taking this new step, which is to give the
party himself an opportunity to prove his accounts
which he has never had before, that you should
require something more. Heretofore there has
been no law, it seems, authorizing him to prove
his accounts by his own oath in any ease. I sug-
gest that we start by authorizing him to prove his
accounts by his own oath when he cannot obtain
other testimony to prove them. It seems to me
that is as far as it would be well to go just now;
it is going a considerable length; and hereafter we
can go further if it be thought advisable. I do not
understand it to be true, as my friend from Maine
and my friend from Vermont do, that in a major-
ity of the States of this Union the parties to a
suit are permitted to testify. I have not looked
into the statutes of the various States, but I am
very much mistaken if the fact is that one half of
the States of the Union allow a party to be a wit-
ness in his own case.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not make use of the
word majority with a view of saying that there is
rxactly one State more or one State less; but I
say that is the case in most of the States that lam
acquainted with, and it is the law in England.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an innovation which
has obtained in some of the States. A Senator at
my side [Mr. Howard] says it has obtained in
