1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
the Quakers. I have lived among them. Their
blood is in my veins. I was educated in their mild
and peaceful doctrine's, and in my youth I was a
constant attendant upon their simple worship. If
mysubsequent life has done too little credittothe
instruction that I then received, I will, at least,'in
this place, bear my testimony to their worth, and
will endeavor, by my vote, to protect them in their
liberty of conscience. Indeed, I could not do less
as a Senator from a State whose fundamental doc-
trine is religious liberty, which was established to
" hold forth a lively experiment that a most flour-
ishing civil State may stand and best be maintained
with a full liberty in religious concernments."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Rhode Island to the amendment of the committee.
Mi. ANTHONY. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island.
We have imposed this duty upon everybody else
in the country, and I see no reason why an ex-
emption should be made of this class. Everybody
else must either fightor pay; and let the Quakers
take their chances with everybody else. It is pro-
posed to make an appropriation of this money to
the hospitals. We have to make such appropii-
ations now by Congress; and why should we de-
vote this particular money for that purpose ?
There are exemptions that should have been but
were not made—exemptions more important than
those proposed by the Senator. The burden is not
very heavy upon this class of people, which the
Senator property described as very thrifty, labo-
rious, energetic, saving, with plenty of money to
pay the small amount that will relieve them from
the obligation of serving in the Army. It is no
groat hardship; and I undertake to say here to-
day that it will fall more lightly upon them than
upon many other portions of the people of tins
country. There js no reason for this exemption;
none at all. Resides, sir, when the appropriate
time came to move this exemption, and the prop-
osition was made, it was not supported.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, I voted for it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did not, and shall not
now. 1 did not rise for the purpose of attacking
the consistency of the Senator from Rhode Island
certainly, but for another purpose. The Shakers
and the society of Fi Sends are as well able to pay
as any other portion of our people, probably more
so; and they ought not to deliberate a moment or
hesitate a moment, when it is paid for a piupose
which, as the Senator has described it, is the most
holy of any we have had m a long poiiod of the
\voiId's histoi y.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator does not state
the question precisely as it is. \ would not apply
for any exemption on the ground of saving the
Ciuakets from the payment of money. It is be-
cause they believe conscientiously that itis wrong
to pay money for that purpose, and because ihey*
have shown in their whole conduct, their lives and
conversation, that they believe so. Ever since the
time of George Fox, they have suffered persecu-
tions inuum 'itible in defense of that principle. 1
do not wish to compel people to do what they be-
lieve to be wrong, when wo know they do not as-
sume that belief for the purpose of getting rid of
the public burdens. I know that they will pay
their share of these buidens, and if this amend-
ment he adopted, I know they will contnbute to
the chanties of the war more than the Treasury
will receive by compelling them to pay for ex-
emptions from the dialt.
Mr. RICIJ AtlDSON. When the Senator says
they cii•• ready to pay their taxation for the pur-
pose of<\mving (,n the wai,he has conceded the
whole <rround on which he has claimed this ex-
emniimi: tor it does not matter in what shape li
conies. Tins is but a tax for the purpose of get-
tiny, sohlieis; it is for nothing else; and when a
CLu'.ikei tells mo lie can pay taxes for the purpose
of can ytng on the war, I do not know why he can-
not pay conwckiuioiibly this amount of money for
not goini; into the service. That is my view of it,
and 1 do not think we ought to change (.he direc-
tion to go into the seivico, or pay this amount
into the Tteasury of the United States, to be used
fur such purposes as we need the money tor. We
know that we need it enough for all purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I tliink the Senator misun-
! derstood the word I used. I said to the ii chari-
S ties of the war," not to the taxes of the war. Of
J course they are obliged to pay their taxes, and
' they cannot elect the mode in which the taxes shall
be appropriated; but here is a specific tax for a
purpose for which they believe they are forbidden
to pay. That is their honest belief. The Sena-
tor must agree with me that relieving them from
that obligation is very different from relieving them
from the mere payment of money. The opinion
may seem very strange—that I am not arguing
upon; but that it is honestly entertained, and hon-
estly entertained by very intelligent men, no one
will dispute.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I oppose this amend-
ment on another ground. I do not propose to
p-ive one church any advantage over another.
Mr. ANTHONY. This docs not. It extends
to all churches.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This amendment
ought to be entitled " A bill to increase the society
of Friends;" for if you exempt them from mili-
tary sei vice, you will certainly largely increase
the numbers of the members of that church.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I suppose that
I represent here a larger number of persons con
scientiously opposed to bearing arms in war than
any other Senator. And yet, sir, notwithstand-
ing that is so, I shall feel constrained to oppose
the proposed amendment, not because I would
not gladly avoid giving offense to any man's con-
scienco, but I am bound to deal justly with all the
people, and put them upon the same footing, so
far as the burdens of the State are concerned.^ In
the eye of the law theie should he no distinctions
made between the citizens, nor should they seek
themselves to create such difference, even for con-
science sake, as would operate unfairly as this
amendment. What ieason could be given which^
would satisfy a Methodist, a Catholic, or one ot
any other sect, that he must pay a fine or com-
mutation for military sei vice white a Quaker paid
none? To say that he is conscientiously opposed
to bearing arms is not enough; and as to being
conscientiously opposed to paying a commuta- I
Lion, that is absurd, and, if carried to its legiti- I
mate extent, would pievent the payment of taxes,
excises, and imposts, to the entire destruction of
ail government whatever.
1 am proud to say, too, sir, that I have received
no request trom tin; " non-resistants'* ol my State
to ask for any exemption for them except fiom
actual service m the field. They tire willing to
bear theii bhaie of the public burdens in the pay-
ment of such sum as may be fixed by the proper
authorities in lieu of their service in the field.
I am further prevented, sir, from assenting to
the proposed amendment by the policy which has
been adopted by Pennsylvania in dealing with this
question. By the constitution of that State, per-
sons conscientiously opposed to becoming sol-
diersareexempted from military service; but they
are, nevertheless, required to pay a money com-
mutation tax in lit vi of it, and I think I have ob-
served that the Legislature of that State is now
considering what sum should be paid for that pur-
pose. It was in accordance with that policy also,
that I endeavored to have this bill so modified as
to avoid the necessity of forcing any one into the
service of the United States, by providing for the
payment of a sum certain in lieu of personal ser-
vice.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YICArf—Mesus. Aiutionv. Coihmier. Dixon, Fc«end<*n,
Orimi'< Ikvl.tn, II.i i ri*?, f I n-k<. Latham, Mori ill, Pomeroy,
^unuiet, Wade, and WjKon el Ma^achusetts—M.
X \YS—Messis. Arnold.Clai U. Uowan, l)avi-. Doolhtle,
Foot, |Vui, Haulms, ilendei-oti, Ilowmd, Howe. Ken-
ned}', Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas NoMiuth, Uichaid-
son." Sherman, Tiumhull, Wilkin^ourWilley, Wilmot}and
Wilson ol .Mis&ouu—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
add the following additional sections:
j-hul he it fut ther cnr.< / ></, That! lie offieei > of the medical
dep.n taient shall unite with the line otiieer* of the Army,
umlei such rule* and reirul mon^ a< Mia!! he pre-enhed by
the ^cict.u\ of War. m supi'rvi-um the eookimr within
the same, an lmpuiMnt sanuaiy measure, and^ that it
shall piomulcatt' to it-* ofiicei- such iejiulanonj aminjstmc-
tion- as masY'ial lo inline the proper piopoition ot the ra-
1 ion of the voider.
And be it t'udhi i eneiitcJ. Tint cook-. Minll he detailed, in
turn, from the privates in each company of troops in the
service of the United States, at the rate of one cook for
each company numbering less than thiity men, and two
cooks for cach company numbering over thirty men, who
shall serve ten days each.
Jind be it father enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authoiized to cau-c to be
enlisted for each cook two nndei cooks of Afncan descent,
who shall leceivetoi their full consideration tendollais per *
month and one ration per day; three dollars of said monthly
pay may be in clothing.
Jind be it Jurther enacted, That tho Army rations shall
hereafter include pepper, in the proportion of four ounces
for every one hundred rations.
I will simply state that these provisions were
passed by the Senate by a nearly unanimous vote,
the other day, in a bill that went to the House ot
Representatives; but there were one or two other
sections of that bill that have created some divis-
ion of opinion among the members of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in the-House of Rep-
resentatives; and that bill is either in committee
or on the Speaker's table, and there is some little
doubt about us passage. I therefore desire to put
these provisions on this bill, striking out those
that created that division; and I hope they will
be put on the bill.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the sixth section, after the word " rebel-
lion," in tll° fourth line, to strike out the residue
of the section, and insert what I send to the Chair.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That sec-
tion has been stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fifth,
sixth, and seventh sections of the bill have been
stricken out by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire, then, to offer the
first clause of that section ar\d what I send to the
Chair as an amendment. The amendment will be
to insert as an additional section:
Jind be it fuither enactcd, That the increase of rank of
offieois! and in the number of officers piovidcd for m this
act, shall continue only during the existence ot the present
rebellion, and theieatter the several officers piomoted un-
i d< r this act shall haveihc icspective lank they would have
had il tins at t had not passed, and the number fehall be re-
duced by the Pie&ident to the number authorized by law
ptiot to the passage of this act.
In explanation of this amendment, I will state
that the principal objection to,this bill is, that it
will place the engineers far above their corre-
sponding rank in the tegular Army, unless it is
confined to the present rebellion. Very many
officers of the regular Army are now serving in
much higher rank vi the volunteer. There is no
engineercorps in the volunteers,and consequently
these officers who are serving in higher rank in
the volunteer Army will be at the close of the war
reduced to their corresponding rank in the regu-
lar Army. There is no reason why the engi-
neers should not be reduced in the same way, so
that all the officers of the regular Army will then
stand on con espondmg" rank in their correspond-
ing corps. This will enable us to reorganize the
Ai my with less difficulty at the close of the war.
If this amendment be not inserted, the officers of
the engineer corps will be several grades higher
than the corresponding officers of infantry, artil-
lery, and cavalry, and there will be trouble and
difficulty in reorganizing the Army.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think the class of offi-
cers to whom the Senator fi om Ohio has referred,
ought to have a higliei ranl^ at the close ot the
war than those of other corps where they have
had promotions during the war. I will state the
reason v ery briefly to the Senate. The officers in
the engmeercoips have had no opportunity for any
piomotion in the line of their own corps during
the progress of the war. There is no reason in
•ne woild why the officers of the other branches
of the service who have had promotion, and en-
joyed all the ad vantages of it during the progress of
the war above the engineers, should be given the
same advantages at the t nd of the war which these
officei s have, v, h<> have had no advantages during
the progress of the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illinois
k mistaken m the fact upon which he bases his
whole argument. There aie more officers of the
engineer corps now in hi?h rank in the volunteers
than of any other corps; and' thiy bill would give
them very high rank also in tin* regular Army—
higher than (lie cos responding rank of the other
