1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
the further consideration of this subject for the
purpose of taking up House bili No. 582.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will not be done. I
shall not occupy time, but I desire to state to the
Senate how business stands. To-day is Satur-
day, and it is half" past three o'clock The Sen-
ator from Maine, the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, informs me that on Monday he will
insist upon taking thefloor,and goingon with his
bills. I want simply to say to the Senate that
there are two or three naval bills which it is of
the utmost importance to the country should be
passed, and I shall deem it my duty early and late
to insist on their being taken up; but I shall not
ask precedence of the Committee on Finance,
though 1 will of everybody else, and the respons-
ibility then will be with the Senate, and not with
me.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall be allowed to finish the bill which we have
under consideration. It will take but a few min-
utes, I am sure. If we get up a bill and spend
time upon it and then lay it aside for other bills,
we shall never get through.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. if 1 had confidence that
this bill would come to an end in a short time, I
should give way, but I have lost my confidence
in the finishing of this bill to-day, and it is a bill
merely in relation to clerks in one of the depart-
ments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Itisa very
important bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. IftheSenate are prepared
to vote, I give way for the purpose ofhuvmg a vote.
The VICE PllESl DENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota. The
amendment to the amendment is to insert, after
the word " officer," the words " staling that he
knows of no witness by whom he can prove the
same facts."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold. Drowning, Chandler,
Dixon, Doohttic, Harlan, Howard, Kmc, Lane ot Kan«a«,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten E\ek, Tiutnlmll, Wade, Wilkin
eon, and Wilson of Massachusetts—17.
NAYS—Me.-srs. Claik, Collatnet, Cowan, Fcssenden,
Foot, Foster, Grime*, Hale, Ilauis, Ueiulet^on, Iliokx,
Lan« of Indiana, Morrill, Nesnuth, Pomeroy, Rice, Wall,
and Wilson of Missouri—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected ; and the question recurred upon the amend-
ment originally proposed by Mr. Fessenden.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I desire to read the law which
now exists upon this subject, and then to osk the
attention of the Senate to the change which this
amendment proposes. The law now is:
%( That it shall be the duty of all officers eharyed with the
issue ol clothing oi other "-upphe-,. carefully to pieserve the
same from waNte or damage, and in ca-e of dclieiencv on
final settlement of any article of Mipjtly, the value theieof
shall he charged aizam-t the delinquent and deducted ftorn
In* monthly p.iy, unless he "-hall show to the satisfaction ol
the Secretary of War, by one oj more deposition-', petting
foith the circumstance-. of the ca-e, that the said deficiency
was occasioned bv unavoidable accident, or was loat m
actual service without any fault on his pari, and m c« se of
damage he >hali be sub]cet to charge fo>- the damage actually
Mi iained, unless he f-liaif show in like manner to the batb-
faetion of the Secretary of War that due caie and attention
weie given to the pre-ervatioit ot said -upplie-, aud that
the damage ({id not ic&ult from his neglect.
Now, the law allows the party, by his own af-
fidavit, or by any testimony which is satisfactory 1
to the Secretary of War 
Mr. COLLAMEIi. and Mr. FESSENDEN. !
Not his own affidavit.
Mr. KING. The Senators in front of roe say
interactively that he cannot make his own affidavit
to these facts. 1 do not understand it to be so. 1
undei stand that he can. It is better that we should
understand alike the facts as they exist; there is
no reason why we should misunderstand them or
dispute about them. The officer may, by his cer-
tificate upon honor, or may, by his affidav it, or he
may, by the affidavits of other parties, verify any
allegation that he may make in relation to the loss;
but he must furnish evidence that is satisfactory
to the Secretary of War. That is all he is required
to do now. The amendment which is pioposed
makes his own affidavit evidence in the case.
Mr. E1CE. Then what is the objection to this
amendment?
Mr. KING. The objection isthatitdisposesof
all that requisition of law imposing care on the par-
ties who have charge of Government stores and
supplies. It enables them to be careless and reck-
less in reference to their vouchers, because when
the settlement comes they will know that their
own affidavits will be the end of the matter in rela-
tion to their accounts. The difficulty with such a
proposition is that it tends to abolish the difference
between honesty and dishonesty. What does the
Senator say in relation to an honest man? That
he cannot tak'e some of these oaths. The dishonest
man will take them, if there be any such man in
the Army; and I certainly do not undertake to
judge of these matters; I am not discussing them
in reference to the character of the officers, but
with reference to the general principles which
should apply to the regulation of the transactions
of men. The laws are made to guard against the
practices of dishonest men. There would be no
great necessity if everybody was perfectly hon-
est for all these regulations. Loose practices
would undoubtedly grow up. The honest man
would be tempted to say, " why should I be so
careful to keep all my vouchers, if, when I come to
the settlement of my account, I find that here is
this fellow that I know has not practiced care and
vigilance m his a flairs, who settles his account
by his own affidavit." They will all come in and
settle on their own affidavits; that will be the end
of it. I oppose it in oider to prevent looseness;
and as the Senator from Missouri, in my judg-
ment, very well said, it opens the door to fraud.
I think the law is quite liberal enough now in these
matters. I have never known a case where an
officer has suffered from losses which have occur-
red to him in this way, where he has exercised
due diligence and vigilance. It is for that reason
that I desire to put my name on the record against
this provision.
Mr. SHRR.MAN. I think there is not a per-
son here but what would lie willing lo grant telief
in the ease stated by the Senator lVom Maine; but
he and every other Senator must see that if this
provision be applied to qu-irt'Tmasters, who are
sometimes charged with the dislnusement of mil-
lions of do liars' worth of pi opei ty, it may be a very
dangerous filing indeed to allow them to pi ove ail
their accounts, to the amount of millions of dol-
lais, by their own affidavits. It would be a tempt-
ation to perjury and fraud that 1 would not like
to hold out to any officet in the Army of that char-
acter. The amendment, as framed by the Senator
from Maine, extends to all office i s of the Army; all
quartermasters, all commissaries, all those whose
business it is to be intrusted with large amounts
of property. If this amendment weie confined
to the class of officers winch the Senator wishes
to reach, 1 should have no objection. Under the
law a ccitain amount of property is intrusted to
the commandant of every company. He gives
his receipt for it, and he is bound to account for
it; it ischaiged to his current account. If this
amendment were confined to that class of officers,
I should not have any objection to it, because
the amount of property m the hands of the com-
mandant of a company roiely exceeds four or five
hundred dnlluis. He may have on hand a few
unifoimx to supply unfoiesee-n contingencies, and
things of that kind. I therefore proposeto mod-
ify the amendment by striking out the word " offi-
cers," in its scconu line, and inserting, "com-
manding officer of acompany." That would make
this new rule of evidence apply only to the com-
manding officcr of a company, who is generally
intrusted with but a small amount of property,
aud would not extend to conunibsanes and quar-
termasters, who may sometimes hove in their
hands* propoity to the amount of millions of dol-
lars, so large a sum that I should not like to trust
to any man's affidavit m regard to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to :
that. I do not think it ought to apply to the com- :
missaries. Let them stand under the old law. I
Mr. SHERMAN. That will reach the case j
suggested. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend the amendment in the sec- ,
ond line by striking out the word "officers," and
insetting the woid-: commanding officer ol a
company;" so that it will rend: j
That in settling the account-, of a commanding officer of •
a company, &.c. i
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment as amended, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. KING. 1 will ask that it be read as it now
stands, so that we may see how it reads.
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows;
Jind. he it farther enacted, That in settling the accounts
of the commanding officer of a company for clothing aud
other miiitaiy supplies, the affidavit of any officer may be
received 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itshould read "any such
officer."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the word " such" will be inserted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the reading
of the amendment as amended will be continued.
I should really like to hear it. 1 desire to state
that I look upon any change of the law in refer-
ence to our officers as unnecessary and dangerous.
After the Mexican war, I had a large amount of
property charged to mc. 1 hadnoevidence;andyet
f balanced my account without any trouble at all.
In my opinion, you are meddling with a two-edged
instrument. I belit-ve it is dangerous to weaken
the law or to modify it. With even company
officers, your regimental quartermaster or your
regimental commissary may get your company
officer to cover ail his property by his affidavit.
That may be done. I would not change*the law
unless there was a necessity for it. 1 have only
been in the Senate two or three years; but 1 have
never yet seen an application in a special honest
case refused by Congress, not even delayed. They
are always granted, and seldom delayed. Ire-
member one brought forward by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Lane]—a special case—which was
passed,and passed promptly. I think it danger-
ous to interfere with the law in any way. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to state that
from my examination of the law and the practice
of the department, I should think it very much
bettei for the officers themselves to leave it justas
it stands than to modify that proposition in any
way that has been proposed; and I should prefer,
so far as rfie officers themselves are concerned,
rather than insert any of the modifications that
have been suggested,to leave it justonthe law as
it stands. The truth is, the design of that was
simply to render more distinct whatis the practice
of the tlepattment with reference to it. The Sen-
ator is right about that. There is no difficulty in
settling the accounts there particularly, but on
looking at the whole matter I thought it might be
necessary to provide for the case of the loss of the
voucheis, which should be provided against. If,
however, it is to be modified by any of the sug-
gestions that have been made, it will only make
it very much worse for the officer than it now is.
There is no very great difficulty about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 had a case of this
kind: I receipted for a large amount of arms.
They were lost; honestly lost. I had no vouchers.
The arms were charged; but I had no difficulty in
ridding myself of the liability by my own certifi-
cate that they were lost in the service of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how that
would be in such a ca^e as that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment,
as amended, will now be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And he t; further enacted, That in settling the accounts
of the commanding officer of a company for clothing and
other militaiy -applies, the affidavit o(' any such officer may
he received io show the loss of vouchers or company hooks,
oran.v matt-.r oi circumstances tending to prove that any
apparent deficiency wa* occasioned by unavoidable acci-
dent. or lost in actual service without anv fault on his part,
or that tiie whole or any part of Mich clothing and supplies
had been propei ly and legally u^ed and appropriated; and
s-ucii affidavit may be conMdeied as evidence to establish
the fact set fo'th, with oi without othej evidence, as may
set m to the Secretary of War just and proper under the
circumstances of the ea^c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
this amendment, as amended, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, na^ys 16; as follows:
YEA^—M^srs. Anthony, Arnold, Browning, Clark,
Collamei, Cowan. Dixon, Fessenden, Font, Foster, Grimes,
Hale, flam.-, Mick--. Lane of Indiana. Morrill, Nesnuth,
Pomeiov, Rice, Sumner, and Wihon of Missouri—21.
NAYri—Mc-ms. Bajaid, Chandler, Doolutle, Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Knar. Lane of Kansas, Powell, Sher-
man, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade. Wall, Wilkinson, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—Hi.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to,
