1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
a general fight on board the steamboat, and terri-
bly frightened the females on board the boat, who
were kept in the saloon.
Now, sir, we all know that when individuals
are drafted, if they are unable to obtain substi-
tutes, and from their circumstances are unable to
go to the war, the sympathies of their neighbors
are excited and the money is easily made up to pay
for substitutes for them, If you establish the sys-
tem adopted in the conscription bill abetter class of
men will be brought into the service of the Gov-
ernment. A large number of the individuals who
were purchased as substitutes on our shore, and
were carried to the rendezvous at Easton, took the
money at the commencomentand then ran away.
The general at last took the precaution to require
that one half the money received by them for sub-
stitution should be deposited in bank. These men
would then take the one half that they received,
run off with that, and say they were going some-
where else to sell themselves again; and some of
them enlisted as substitutes half a dozen times m
that way. It seems to me, therefore, that the
system proposed in the conscription bill will be
vastly better than to throw the thing open to put
it into the power of those individuals, who will
contract with you to go as substitutes for $1,000,
receive §500 of it, then run away, and go some-
where else and got $500 more. I really hope that
the bill will be allowed to stand as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is not a quorum voting.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move that the Sen-
ate take a recess until seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senatecan
do no business except to adjourn, until there is a
quorum present.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now ad joui n.
Mr. TEN EYCK, and Mr. LANE, of Indiana,
called fur the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. POWELL. If the call for the yeas and
liays is withdrawn, I will withdraw the motion
to adjoin n.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itianotin the
Senator's power, unless by unanimous consent,
as the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. rEN EYCK. It is too late.
Mr. POWELL. Does the Senator object to
the withdrawal of the call?
Mr. FOSTER. I ihmk the yeas and nays might
be withdrawn by unanimous consent, and we
might take a recess until seven o'clock. The Sen-
ate is without a quorum. By unanimous consent
we can take a recess until seven o'clock, and gam
some time, I think I hope that it may be done.
Mr. POWELL. IVly object was to withdraw
the motion to adjourn, if the Senator would with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly I will.
Mr. FOSTER. As we are without a quorum,
we may, by unanimous consent, take a recess until
seven o'clock. We shall then undoubtedly have
a quorum, and we can go on with business. I
fear we shall otherwise fritter away time and ac-
complish nothing. 1 think we can take a recess,
by unanimous consent, until seven o'clock. 1
hope it will not be objected to.
Mr. TEN EYCK.' Pcrh aps more than one
Senator called fot the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to adjourn. I called for them for the oxnress
purpose of having a vote upon the motion, that wc
may know who, at this tune in the session, were
in favor of adjourning and who were not. I pie-
fer myself, as do other Senatois, to remain here.
I have never seen any good to come from a iccess.
I have seen that it enables a large number of lulls
to begun" through with in the evening without a
quorum t>> mg piesent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair « ill
suggest to the Senator from New Jersey that theie
is no debatable question before the Senate. The
Chair desii es the Senate will come to order, so that
the Chair can asceitain whether theie isan ohji o-
tion to the withdrawal of the call for the yeas and
nays on the question of adjournment. Tne Chair
will put the question whether there is any objec-
tion to withdrawing the call for the yeas and nays
Mr. TEN EYCK. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the call
will proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 4, nays 30; as follows:
YR\S—Messrs. Davis, Nesmith, Powell, and Wilson of
Mic?ouri—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnol I, Chandler, Clark, Collainer,
Cowan, Dixon, Fessondeti, Foot, Foster, Giimes, Hailan,
flatris. Henderson, Hicks, Howard, Howe,Kennedy, King,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mori ill, Pomeroy, Rich-
ardson, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyok, Trumbull, Wilkin-
son. Willey, and Wilson of Massachusetts—30.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn; but the vote discloses the fact
that there is no quorum present.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now renew the mo-
tion to take a recess, if it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not entertain that question in the absence of a
quorum.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be dhected to request the attendance of ab-
sent members.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will request the attendance of absent
members.
Mr. Saulsbury and Mr. Chandler entered the
Chamber.
Mr. SAULSBURY. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull} to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SAULSRURY. I vote yea.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 vote nay.
The result was then announced—yeas 10, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—\T''^n fii nnes, Hailan, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Powell, Haul-but), Ten Eyek, Tiumbuli, Wilkinson, and
WiUon ol Mi  oiiii—10
NAYS—Mes^i-s. Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Cowan. I)avi-\ Dixon, {'Vssendcn, Foot, Fo-tei, Harn<,
Hendeison, lhek- , Howard, Kemiedv, King, Lane of Kan-
saMorrill, 111, Pomeroy, Sheiman, Sumner, Turpie,
Willey, and Wilson ol* Ma^aehUsetts—*2"5.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
amendment as a new section:
he it further enacted, That in dotaiN to duty in the
several buteaus ot the War Depaitment, and at the forts
and depots, all distinction between ofiieeis of the regular
and volunteei lorces be, and the same is heiehy, abolished.
In order that the Senate may understand the evil
which this amendment is intended to cure, I send
to the Secretary N table a letter, which I desire
may be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will bo read,
unless there be objection.
The Secretary read the following letter, signed
by James G. Blunt, dated Mansion House, Feb-
ruary 17,1863,and directed to General James II.
Lanis:
'• Dkar (Ji- nruai,: Jn reference to removing Easton and
the ne^t of u tutors a l the foi t as you Mi^ested, I do not be-
lieve i have the authority I presented the matter to < "ur
tt<; when at St. Louis, and he is of the same opinion, that
he lias no authority to remove deputy quaitetiiKHter^, as
they are nowundei the dnect oidet> of the Ciuartcima-tcr
General CurtH is willing to do all lie can to lemovo them,
ami a should lie done without dela\. Theie is not a viler
nest ot fi.utors in South Catohna than they are ; and the
matte) should be decided at once whether traitor* or io\al
men are to counsel and eontiol the Adimnist;ation. and
whether the Go\ eminent is to rely upon tt-> Inondsor lU
enemies to sustain it and ci u.-h the ie bell ion. It is hunnii-
aiing to loyal men who are making eveiv eflbit ami saeti-
fiee to pre-etve the integnly o( our Government, to be de
baried l v tiaitou wlio-'e ia-t breath at night and fn^t m the
moiiung to c*iiim  the udmiinstintioii ot the Government
and ever} man who iabois to put down the rebellion, ami
only express woujs ot piaise and eommend.Uion foi tiaitors
and the lebel  ovt i anient, who t ejoiee ovci our defeats and
gi lew over our vieior les ] am going to have a ease made
out against La-ton and put a stiong ind>>isement on it, and
ha Ward it to Curtis who will do the same."
Air. LANE, of Kansas. That is sufficient.
Several days ago I discharged the painful duty of
suggesting in the Senate that I had no confidence
in tin.* loyalty of the head of the quartermaster's
department. At that time the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] and the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fr^srcxrnRv] rose in their seats, and
said they had all confidence in his loyalty. I have
had this letter read, from the commandant of the
division, Genet a! Biunt, and in that letter he states
that Major General Curtis concurs with him in
opinion as to the propriety of removing Easton,
the quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth. Eigh-
teen months ago the charges preferred against
Easton were made to the head of the quartermas-
ter's department, Geneial Meigs. Some twelve
or fifteen affidavits were filed with him,establish-
ing these charges. What did he do with those
affidavits? They are now before your committee
on the conduct of the war. Instead of removing
Easton, he sent the affidavits to Easton to enable
him. to persecute the citizens of Kansas who had
had the nerve to charge him with the crime of dis-
loyalty. For some eighteen months General Meigs
has had a knowledge of the opinion entertained by
the people ofKansas toward this man; and foreigh-
teen months he has resisted every effort to remove
him. The reason given, as I understand, for re-
fusing to remove him is that he cannot get a reg-
ular officer to put in his place. The object of the
amendment that I offer is that he may take loyal,
well-qualified volunteer quaitermastcrs, who are
sound and true, and substitute such a man as that
in the place of him who says openly that if lie is
ordered into the field he will resign his place.
I do hope that those who have confidence in the
integrity and the ability of volunteer officers will
vote for the amendment that I propose, that so far
as military bureaus are concerned, so far as the
forts and depots are concerned, all distinction may
be abolished between regular officers—many of
whom I have said before m my place here, and I
now repeat, are not sound, have not their hearts
in this war—and our gallant volunteers. Lot us
have at Leavenworth, in a State that has sent
more than one half of her people into this war,
and who have upon every battle-field behaved gal-
lantly, a loyal man to disburse four or five mil-
lions of money among our people. Let not the
people ofKansas see every day contracts award-
ed to butternuts instead of loyal men—men who
sympathize with the rebellion, semi-traitors.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. I desire dim-
ply to say to the Senator from Kansas that there
is no distinction which he proposes now to abol-
ish other than this: if a regular Army quarter-
muster is at a post, and his commission outdates
the commission of the volunteer officer, he out-
ranks him and has the control; but if the quarter-
master of volunteers outranks the regular officer
by date of commission he has the control. It is in
the power of General Meigs to send out to any of
these posts a regular or a volunteer officer. The
fault is in the administration and not in the law;
and I hope the Senator will not incumber this bill
with a proposition of this kind.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire thechairman
of the Mihtaiy Committee to refer to this letter
again. Gtmeial Blunt says that he and Major
General Curtis are anxious and have been to re-
move this man Easton,and they are powerless in
the premises.
Mr. GRIMES. This does not give him the
power.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If we adopt
this amendment they would not have the power.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that the object I hoped to reach
was, that the Secretary of War might by possi-
bility exercise power enough to send a loyal man
to Kansas as quartermaster.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sec-
retary of War has that power now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. For eighteen months
we have been labonngLo accomplish that object,
and have utteily failed.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Wecannot
legislate to change the action or the opinions of the
Secretary of War on tilts matter.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Him I know to be
sound and true.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If lie wants
to remove this quartermaster, why does he not
exeict.se the power winch he has now,and do it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire the chair-
man of the committee to understand that the head
of the quattei master's depaitmcnt declares that
a regular officcr must be put on service at the
depots.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is a
mere matter of his desire; not a matter of law. In
the city of Boston, I think, we have a quarter-
master of volunteers, or of the regular Army, I
am not certain which.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I guess you w«ill find
he belongs to the regular At my.
