1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
to death of the negroes that were taken upon the
steamboats captured at Harpeth shoals, with the
exception of two or three who begged themselves
off From the cruel Fate that awaited them. These
facts cannot be excluded from our minds. They
ought not to be. We must regard it as morally
certain that in proportion as this war progresses
and this population is employed, there will bean
unsparing slaughter of them whenever they are
captured.
Gentlemen may say, we will stop that by retal-
iation, and our operations in that respect shall be
as bloody as those of the confederates; and they
will have as a justification that it was necessary in
order to prevent that treatment oF our prisoners.
That will not have the effect of stopping this
slaughter; and any gentleman who is acquainted
with southern society and with the utter revul-
sion, the horror, with which the whole southern
people regard the employment oF negroes in the
war wilt at once concede that that policy will be
adopted. It will be adopted also, as 1 have said,
for the other reason: in order to strike terror into
that population and prevent them from going into
the Union Army.
I only intended to say what 1 have said, and to
enter my protest against the employment oF this
force because of the inevitable results that will
ensue From it, and the extreme, bloody, barbaric
war that it most necessarily introduce between
the parties. Now, sir, when the Government oF
the United States and the people of the United
Slates have no necessity whatever to introduce
this clement oF strength, or weakness, as i con-
ceive it to be, into-our armies, why will gentle-
men persist in doing so? I staled, the other day,
that I had received reports From colonels From
northern States belonging to the aimy oF the Po-
tomac, that there was the utmost repugnance and
revulsion extensively through the white troops
there to the employment oF the negroes. Within
the last twenty-four hours I have had confirma-
tion by another i ecent arrival from the Army, and
that arrival reports that this discontent, this utter
revulsion to the employment of negroes, pervades
the Army very generally,and w i 11, i F it is persisted
in, and any large bodies oF black troops are intro-
duced into the Army, give rise to the most serious
difficulties, if not to mutiny and revolt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment oF the Senator From Ken-
tucky to the amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not oulered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TURPIE. 1 a>k the Senate to postpone
temporarily the pending bill in order to take up
House bill No. (J47, lor the relieF of the adminis-
trator of Captain Kielmrd Stevenson, deceased.
It is a bill that was reported the other evening
from the Committee on Claims, only seven lines
long, for the relief oF the Family oF an officer who
died during the present war. I hope the Senate
will allow it to pass now. My colleague joins
wuh me in making this request.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I hope the Senate
will take up the bill. It is for the leiief of the
family of a young man who died in the Aimy.
lie sent $3,000 From Indianapolis by express to
the troops at Nashville, and the money was cap-
tured by Morgan. Mr. Stevenson died shortly
afterwards, and we want this allowance made so
as to settle his estate. It has passed the Commit-
tee on Claims of both Houses, and passed the
other House, and it will not take a moment to
pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves to postpone the pending bill
and all prior orders, and that the Senate ptocued
to the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sug-
gest that instead of postponing the bill now be-
fore the Senate, we infoimuily lay it aside for this
purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That may be
done by unanimous consent. Is there any objec-
tion? The Chair lieais none, and the bill is laid
asido informally.
CAPTAIN RICHARD STEVENSON.
On motion of Mr. TURPIE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the VV hole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. It. No. 647) for the relief of the adminis-
trator of Captain Richard Stevenson, deceased.
It directs that there be allowed a credit to the ad-
ministrator of the estate oFCaptain Richard Stev-
enson, deceased, late an assistant quartermaster
of volunteers in the Army of the United States,
of the sum oF $3,000, being the amount of money
belonging to the Government of the United States
in his custody as such officer, seized and appro-
priated in, Kentucky by guerrillas while in the
course of transmission by express on railroad
trains from Indianapolis, Indiana, to Nashville,
Tennessee, where he was on duty.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ENGINEER CORPS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 575.
Mr. WILSON, of-Massachuseits. I hope the
bill regularly before the Senate will not be post-
poned. I think we can pass it in a moment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I withdraw my motion.
The Senate, as in Committee of the whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
523) to promote the efficiency of the corps of en-
gineers and of the ordnance and quartermastet *s
departments, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment oF the Committee
on Military Affairs as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, oF Massachusetts I hope we
shall now take a vote on the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike outthe eighth
section oF the bill.
The Secretary read the section to be stricken
out, as follows:
Sec. 8. -2nd he it /wither enacted, That the forccs au-
thorized to be leeeivcd into the service of the United Urates
hv the tsveluh section of the act approved July 17, 186:2,
entitled An act to amend the act calling forth the militia
10 execute the la\v< of the United Urates, suppress insur-
rection, and iepel invasion,approved l-Ylnuary 28,1795,and
the act amendatoiy thereof, and tor other purposes/' shall
he ollieeied l>v persons appointed and commissioned by the
President, and governed by the rules, and articles ot war.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—aye 1, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This pro-
ceeding in regard to important measures is very
strange, i hope this bill will be permitted to be
put on its parage. There are important provis-
ions m ii. and I made a promise to have it in the
House of Representatives to-day by one o'clock.
Mr. POWELL. I must have the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well;
let us have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays weic ordeied.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Thr PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there in no quorum voting,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Sergeant-nt-Arms bo diiected to inform the
absent members that they are wanted.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Sergrant-at-Arms will request the attendance
not only of those about the halls, but those in the
city.
Mr. Richardson, Mr. Ken\tdy, and Mr. Da-
vis soon afterwards entered the Chamber, and had
their votes recorded in the aiHimative oil the
amendment of Mr. Powell.
A quorum having voted, the result was an-
nounced—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEA^—Cowan, Dave*, Harding, Henderson,
Kennedy. N<Mmth. powell^lltchardson, SauUbui} ,Turpie,
Wall, Willey, and Wilson ot ."VJtsssOun—13.
NAYS—Me^r-. Chandlei, Clark, Coltamor, Doolittle,
Fri^enden, Foot, Kostei. Grimes., Harlan. Harris, Hicks,
Howard. IJowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morriil,
1'omeioy. Sumner, Ten E\ck, TiumbuII, Wilkinson, and
Wil.-ou of Ma^achusett-i—02.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew the amendment which
I offered in committee:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That no negro, free or slave,
shall he enioiied in the military, marine, or naval service
of the United States.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
. The? yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Davis, Henderson, Hicks, Kennedy,
Nesmith, Powell, Richaidson, Saulsbury, Tuipus, Wail,
Willev, and Wilson of Missouri—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collarncr, Cowan,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harding, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Lane oi Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Monili, Pomeroy, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment as a
proviso to come in at the end of the eighth sec-
tion:
Provided, That no person of African descent shall be com-
missioned or hold an office in the Army of the United States.
Mr. KENNEDY. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAP — Mecsr*. Cowan, Davis, Hardimr, Hams, Hen-
derson, Hick1*, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith,
Powell, 1'iehard-on, Saul-bury, Tea Eyck, Turpie, Wall,
Wiliey, and Wilson of Missouri—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Giimos, Harlan, Howaid, Ktnj;, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumnei, Trumbull, Wilkinson,and
Wilson of Massachusetts—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
- Mr. HOWARD. I offer an amendment to come
in at the end of the bill, consisting of two sepa
rate sections:
At he it further enacted, That if any person shall here-
after oigamzc gr aid in oiganizmg any secret socicty or or-
der, or shall be a member of ariv seciot society or oider. the
aim and purpose ot which shall he to resist the Government
ot the United States in the piosecution of the present war
for the suppression of the existing rebellion, or to give aid
and eonifoit to tho<u in insurrection against the authority
of the United State*, or to dissolve by'foice of ana4? or by
other unconstitutional means the Union now subsisting be-
tween the M'veial States of the United States, or to resist
the execution of the laws of the United States such per
son upon conviction thereof shall be punished by imprison-
inent tor a pei iod not less than one nor inoie th.ui ten years,
or by a line of not los* than "£1,000 nor inoie than 10,000,
or by both of said punishments at the discretion of the
court.
And be it/iirthcr cnacted,That anv person beitis a mem-
ber of any Mich secret society or order as that mentioned
in the preceding section, or having knowlnd^c of its exist
enee, bhall, when intcirogated a-> a witness ni relation
tbeieto before an}' grand jurv or before any court of the
United States, be obhyed to di-elo^e as far as known to him
the objects and action of such soojeiy or oider, the oath
adiuuiisii'H'il t<> its member^, the namw of such members,
and all the Minis, gups, and pa-Mvord-*, token* or devices by
which said niembeis lecogmze each other: Piovidcd.how-
eicr, That >uch testimony shall never be used as evidence
oi considered by any grand jmy or by any comt m any civil
oi enmmal ptoeeeding against such witness thus giving i'
in obedience to the refinements of tins act.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to know from
the honorable Senator who introduced this prop*
osition bis reasons for bringing it in hero. 1 do
not know how far it may apply from hearing it
read, whether it may interfere with individual
sentiment or the views men may entertain or ex-
press. It seems to ine an extremely bioad prop-
osition. i beg that the Senator may explain to ua
in his place what it means. I have no idea that
we are to be subjected to so general and broad a
rule as this, and 1 would be glad to hear how fur
it goes, and to what extent. The amendment al-
ludes to secret societies and their views. As for
myself—only for one 1 speak—I have no views
that I wish to keep secret, and I do not know that
my views are held by any society on earth, secret
or open; but I should like to know how far this
tiling goes.
Mr. HOWARD. The object of the amendment
is easily understood, and 1 think, for one, that
there is great necessity to pass it. It is aimed at
a certain seciet order, or rather series of orders,
known as the Knights of the Golden Circle pop-
ularly, an order which sprang up in some of the
southern States at about the time that Walker, the
celebrated filibuster, was carrying on his opera-
tions, and it was originally organized with a view
to promote the interest of his expedition. After
the overthrow of that second ICing Theodore, the
ordei changed its objects and its organization; and
for some years before the commencement of the
present rebellion, and duiinsj the present rebel-
lion, this oider has been m existence and in active
secret operation throughout the insurgent States,
and is now widely in operation through those
States, and also through many even of the north-
ern States. The great object, 1 beg to assure the
Senator, of this organization is the overthrow of
