608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw the morion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill now be-
fore the Senate will be read.
The Senate, as iu Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider tiie bill (S. No. 458) to suspend
the sale of lands in the islands on the coast of South
Carolina and Georgia, in and about Port Royal.
The Committee onMilitary Affairs and the Militia
reported it with an amendment to stuke out ali of
the original bill, in the following woids:
Whereas, by an net of Congies^, approved June 7, I860,
entitled '* An act lot the collection of dueet taxes in insur-
rectionary district® within the United State-, and for other
puiposes,"" n was ordered that direct taxes not peaceably
coliectcd in any State sdmli be charsed on the land'., which
lauds shall be soid to the highest baide.i : and wheseas. the
sale ofsuch lands m the islands on the coast of South C:n-
olina and Georgia, in and ubonf Poit Royal, m.iv -et tously
interfere with the cultivation ol cotton on behalf ot Gov-
emmcntby the need men oi iho-e i-l.md-,and alto with the
suco'.-sful education of such Ii<  'd men to haiHt- of inde-
pendent mdu-rfv thiou-jh the puteln-e of such land^ at lo,v
price-* by sppeuiatoi- and othei paitie* taking no intnest in
such fiee labor, who would al&o ha\<; a rijjht to cjeet such
free laborei.-fioiu their home-. Theiefojo,
Be it enotfcd, 4$ r . That the «ale ot lands roi taxes m the
islands on the coa-t of South Carolina and Geoiiiia. in and
about Port Royal, be suspended until the l.-t <!a\ oi Decem-
ber, 186.3, or to -uch turthci day atLcrthat date a^ tho See-
ietaiy ol the Ttea-ui> m.iv appoint
Sec. 2. %dnd be it farther enuctctl, That when the Secre-
tary of the Ttea-u'y fchall direct the -ale of tin' "-aid hud*,
homesteads shall bo le-orved tbeiem foi tiie itcod men. ni
lots not exceeding five acres to each man, to be sold oi let
to said tieeu men under tne dn rction oi the Societal} or the
Treasury.
And to insf rt in lieu thereof the following,:
That tlio Picr-'idcnt ol the United State- be, and lie hei t bv
h, authorized to su-p"nd tiie -ale- ol land-. lianb- to he -old
foi taxes miller the act approved Tfh Jinn. 18(3.2, entitled
<4An aet for tiie collection ol dnect taxes in in-uiireetion
ary di-tiicH wuhin the United State-, and f  ofboi pni-
poseV wnenet ei, in his upiu.on, ilu public uileie-t would
be thereby promoted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On consultation with my
honorable friend ftom Massachusetts, ant! also
with the chairman of the CotmniUee on Mihtaty
Affairs and some other Senatois, I shall olier the
following amendment, which is an amendment to
alter the hoventh section of tiie oiigmal iaw as it
now stands 
Mr. SUMNER. An amendmontin the m.tute
of a substitute r
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir, in the nature of
a substitute for the committee's bill; so that the
seventh sectiojt of the law, instead of leading as
it now docs, shall read as it stands m theaiuend-
ment winch i send to the Chair.
The Secretary lead the amendment, as follows:
That the seventh Motion of an aet entitled An aet lor
the collection oi dneet ta\e-' m neurit < ikhiui) diaueto
within the United State-., and foi othei puipi^e-.'' ap
proved June 7. ib(>2, be amended a- to tead a- tollow-:
Sec. ?. s-'iud be it fmfhvi ctuuttJ, That the --aid boaol of
commissioner- -hail be reiprted, in <m-«* {)>.> ta\<'-ohais>cd
upon the said lots and paieeis ot laud -hall not be paid a-
provided for iu the thud section oj tin- aet, to eiu-" the
Mine to be advern^- d t<>r c-ale in a n"\v-p.t;)ei pnhh-h'-d ni
the town, parish, district, or cotmU \\ ncre -ituate : and if
there be no Mich ncwt^papei puhhMieu in said town, paii-h,
disfict, or count} j or n the publi-hei thei cor i ehw iu pub
Iish the same. then m any oihi'i neuspap''i to he i*ctc<l
by -^aid eoinmis-ioners in said th-tuci, or in the eifv ot
Washington,loi aflea-t tout week-.and bvpoMins notice^
ol f-aid sale in tinee public piaci -> m tne n w n, pausb, dis-
trict, or county within winch said land - a> e -.p iiaUj, at iea«t
four week- previous to the day ol soie ; anda«- the nine and
place of sale to cau<e the muuo to be -rveialh frold to The
inghePt biddei foi a Mini not le— than tho ra\e-«, p'-naltv,
and cost?, and ten pet cent, per annum lnu'ie-t on said
ta.\, pui.-uant to said tiofiee ; iu ail ea.-c- uncie the owm i
of^aid iot- oi [Mi i oK ol yi onod -hall not, <in or hi loie liiO
day of vale, appeal in piu>on beloiethe ^aid boanl ot eoni-
mi^&ioners and pay the amount of said tax, with ten per
cent, interest thereon, with the cost ot adveiu-nej the
s<un<', nr iei]ue-t Use -am<" to be '-truck puicluwi
fo  a les-s sum than two 'hud-- of the a-sc->sed value o^-a-d
i-evtral lot^ or patcel^ oi piound,the >aul comnassioni r^
shall bo antlion/.ed at said sale to bid oil' the same lot the
Limed Stales at a sum not cxced.ni: two thud- ot tne a—
t-cssed value tlieieot, unless some pcr-on ^hai1 bid a laijjei
sum ; an'l in fiiat ea-e the same shall be st.uek oft to The
highest biddei, u ho shall, upon pajui« the puieiiase money
in gohl and silvet com, oi in the Treasuiy notes oi tiie
Uniu-d State«, oi m eeitificate-ol mdebtedne-^ asam-t the
United State-, be eni tied to icceive nom said comim-^sion
ers then eerntjcate ot :'ale ; which i-aide, itifie,itr thai I Ik re-
ceived in ail com t- and places as prima tut ic evidence ol the
r< gulani} and va'idtt} ol &aid ^a!e,,uid o! \ he tale ot tno '-aid
puichvi-.es oi pai' i! i^eis uimei th'' s.ini'. . Pioi ided. That
the owi'ei of -aid io:- o! nound. o> air. lojai p.:r^')n of the
L'mfcd State?., hav m  .uiv valid lien unon oi lu'ete-a in tne
same, mav, ai any tun", u ifiini sixty dav- alter said sale,
appeal b _i..u ibe t-aul board o, tax eoininn—ionei- in lusot
hei own pmpei pi r-( n. and. if .iciti/.en, upon taking an
oath to .-uupwit the Con<utuno>i of the Umtrd States, and
pa\ tiir amount oi sa'd tax ami permit}, witu mterebt
thereon from the date ot the said pioeiamanon of thePies-
ident lueationed ai the second section oi tins act, at the
i rate of fifteen per cent, pet aunuin, together with the ex-
j penses of the sale and subsequent proceedings to be do-
i termmed by >aid conurii<?ion"r-, may red'-em ^aid lot*? of
. land fiom wasd -al ; and au> ptiieha«ei undei the -arnc
having paid monexs, Ttea-uiv notes, or other cettinean.-s'
of indebttdi'e-'iof the t'ii:t"d States, ^hall, upon <n>;h io-
ilemntiun beinit nnde, b« cut.tledto h ne the fame, with
the interest accinimj niter s^aid sab', leturned to him by tiie
said conimisssmiei's. upon stmendcr'n" up tiie certificates
ot sate: ,-lud pioruicd fu)t/ia , Tina it the owner ot said
iote of ground shall be a minor, a non-iesident alien, oi
loyal citizen hejoiid sea^, a person of rusoimd mind, or
undei a le^al di-abdifv. the iruatdian. tiu-tee. or other per-
son having chaige of the p^r.-on oi e^t.ite ot such pei-on
may ledeem the ■ aino at auj timewuiiin two yeais after
the-ale theiuol, and m tiie mannet above piovided, and
with like efleet: provided further, That at such sale
arivtiaets, paieels, or lot-- of land winch may be -doctcd
undei the duection oi the President loi Government uso,
for wai, mt'itaty, naval, levenue, charitable, educational,
or police pmpo;.e<, may. at .-aid bak, be bid in by said
eommi-^t'ioner^, undei the dnoction of tho President, for
and stiuck otF to the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I will maize a brief statement
in rognrd to this biil. The original bill, as intro-
duced by mo. provided for a suspension of the sales
i whi«h are now proposed to be made on the 11th
;! of February, now near at hand, in South Caro-
\\ lina and m Georgia. It was feared that the lands
!| would he pureluis< d by speculatois, so that the
;j colored population that had during the last year !
i; been working on the land^, would b'1 excluded '
j from the enjoyment of thorn. To prevent that ex- ,
'l elusion, it was proposed to suspend for a while '
!■ these sales, in the hope of, in that way, duving 1
[I off the speculators, or at any rate enabling the ;
'! Government to make some arrangement for the 1
,, bciiufif ofthp fired men. The Committee on Mil- 1
I; nary Affairs accepted that view, and reported a j
bill accordingly; but, on inquiry, it appeared that !
the Senator from AVisconsm, who, it will he re- i
11 numbered, originally presented the bill at the last j
![ session under which these sales take place, had !
i; some further piopoMtiohs of amendment, and it ,
I* also appeared, on consultation with the commis- .
i sioners, who have recently returned fiom that
p place, tliat it w;n nnt considered expedient that
! die sales should be suspended. It was thought
; belter to .'U'complish tlm sanje result in another
way, and to that end the Senator from Wiseon- i
siii added to his proposed amendment the follow- J
;■ ing woid^: !
1; ■' p) ncidc.l furthers That at sneh sale any tract-, par- ,
,' eels, oi lot< ot* lain! wnte'j mav be -eleefed m.df: tile dnee-
P tion ol th") Pn-ident (oi riovernmeni u-<", loi wai. nuli-
1: tai\, naval, levnue. chant.)hie. educational, oi pol n'o put -
,, pose.^, may, at said sale, be but in by saui eoi.mie— lonei-*.
undei the dii< eiion or the Pic&idem, 1m and sttuek oil to
the ITnued Stnt"- "
Under these words it is supposed that r.mple
provision can be made for the colored population
1, on tiie land, and that was the object of the origi-
ji nal bill.
jj Mr. FIvSSENDEN. ]_)w T understand from
I the Senatoi fiom Massachusetts that the commis-
: sioneis have agreed to this substitute?
Mr. btJMNER. Itisso. Indued,this substi-
tute proceeds from tlm ehaiimaii of tiie conums-
I sion.
! Mr. FESSCNDEN. I will not object to it,
! then. My only fear in n Iation to it was that,
} being so voluuimous a provision as it is, it might
1 occasion delay; but if it will not, of course I will
not object to it. However, I wish the Senator
frmn Wisconsin would give me an exposition of
one' particular phrase her< which i do not under-
stand. It is in the twenty-second and twenty-
third lines of the amendment:
i '* Ot i equ<M pie vjidp to he sti uck off to a pimma-cr for
| ale--; Mini than two thiub of the asscf-sed value of saidsev-
I eial lot- ot <riound M
: w hat do these woi ds, in the connection in \v hich
they aie d, mean ?
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. I understand the meaning*
i to be tins: that if the owner appears in his own
. pi rson, nnd proposes to redeem the land, ho can
do so by paying the tax; or if he nppeais in per-
son, and leqncsts the land to be struck oif to some
other or thud peison, he may d  so; the object
of the act being to lequiie the owner to appear in
; person before the commissioners; these commis-
; sioneis to be wnhiii the lines of our Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the necessity for
the wot ds, " fui a less sum than two thirds of the
, asscss< d value of said several lots or parcels of
ground
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. If he requests it to be j
: stricken oif for a less sum than two thirds, then j
■ i the commissioners are not authoiized to bid up <
two thirds of the assessed value for the United
States. I will state to the honorable Senator that
the purpose is to authorize the commissioners, if
they see a piece of land which might be sactiliced
at just the amount uf the tax, aou the v choose to
bid it up to two thirds of its assessed Value, they
can do so. If the owner appears tit person, or
leqncsts some other person to bid for him, before
the commissioner, he can do so.
Mr. FE^SENDEN. Might he not, under that,
request the land to be struck off for less than the
taxes ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Oh, no, sir. There is a
provision in a previous part of the amendment
that in no case shall it be struck off for less than
the taxes.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I see it now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the vote is taken
on the amendment, I desire to state that in draw-
ing tli is amendment i left uut, by accident, one pi o-
viso which is in the original draft of my amend-
ment; and therefore I will move that that proviso
be added to my amendment before the vote is
taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
so modify his own amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do modify it, then, in
that way, by adding the following proviso:
Jind provided father, Tnnt the certificate of said com-
ini-Moneis shall on!> be al/eeted a- evidence of the regu-
lant} and validity ot the -ale by o-tabhsbnw the fact that
said piopem was not subject to taxes, oi that the taxes had
been paid pievimts to sale, oi that the piopeity had been
rcd« cmcd aecoiding to tiie piovisiotib of this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will allow
me, I wish to make another suggestion to him.
I wish to call his attention to the twenty-ninth,
thirtieth, end thirty-first lines of the amendment.
They aie in these words:
"Who shall, upon pay the purehn-c money in cold or
siivei coin, or in the Tiea-my notes ol the United States,
ot in eemiieatesof indebtedness against the United States."
There are two kinds of notes, one called Treas-
ury notes and the other United States notes. I
suggest to him whether it would not be better to
make it read, " or in the Treasury notes, or in the
United States notes of the United Suites," so as
to cover the whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will he so modified. The question now is on the
amendment in the form of a substitute, as modi-
fied.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desrn- to add, also, an-
other amendment to the bill. The chairman of
; the Committee on Finance will remember that the
i provision m the tax bill is that the expenses and
! salary of these commissionets arc to be paid out
of the moneys whHi they leceive: but there is no
| authority contained in the act by which they can
i take the money which they receive m their hands
■ to pay their own salaries, or to pay any necessary
expenses of pi inting or advertising. 1 desire that
a section shall be added to this bill, as we are upon
the subject, authorizing them, out of the moneys
already received under this law, to pay their sal-
aries and their clerks and their other expenses.
Theamendment is to add as a new section:
Jliut b>' it further enacted, Ttiat the commissioners under
satd aet are hereby authoi iz«'d, out of tiie, monevs received
b\ them under the same, to letam the amount ot then t>al-
aues, to pay the salaiy of then clerk, and the necessary
expenses of said coinunc-ion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say in re-
gard to that amendment, that it would change the
whole policy of the Government with regard to
paying salaries. We make the ct.ilectois in all
cases pay the money they teceive in'o theTreas-
ut y of the United States. This amend ment allows
them to audit their own accounts and then retain
the money and give their own certificate. So far
as their own salaries are concerned, I do not know
how far it would be advisable to go; butthe piin-
cipie which has been adopted and acted upon with
regard to officers has been that when they collect
money for the United States they shall pay it into
the Treasuiy, and then send their accounts to the
Treasui y foi settlement. They ai r furnished with
money to pay necessary expenses. I think it
would be more advisable not to make this change.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall yield to the sug-
gestion of tiie chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance. I do not wish to makcany departure from
the policy of the Government on that subject.
