1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Government of the United States, and the es-
tablishment upon its rains of the spurious, pseudo
government which goes by the name of the con-
federate government. In short, it is organized in
the interest of the rebels. It embraces within its
catalogues a very great number of men North and
South; and it is my opinion, an opinion based
upon the best information 1 have been able to
obtain, that in the border States, both slave and
free, more disturbance has been caused by the
members of this society than by any other polit-
ical cause which has been in operation. Their
meetings are secret; their objects are disloyal and
treasonable; they exist as a band of conspirators,
sometimes going under the name of a fraternity,
a brotherhood, sometimes under the name of a
Democratic association, assu mi ng i n one place one
name und in another place another; but all hav-
ing in view the overthrow of the Government of
the United States.
This is no new thing, and I am somewhat sur-
prised that the intelligent Senator from Maryland
should not have been so well informed upon this
important subject as to see the direct propriety,
and even necessity, of just such an enactment as
that which I have offered. Without aiming to
spend the time of the Senate on this subject, I will
send to the Chair and ask to have read a letter
addressed to the present Judge Advocate General.
I ask to have that letter read, and I ask to have
its mclo&ure read for the information of the Sen-
ate and the country.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Indianapolis, February 18.1883.
Colonel: I inclose presentments of grand'jury in two
case>> wliuie the witnesses, having admitted their member-
ship in a treasonable oider. that it is designed to oveitlnow
the United States Government, that they have military sig-
nals by winch to be lecognized by enemies of the Govern-
ment, have refined to go further and disclose the st«ns,
&c., on the ground " that they will criminate themselves,
and render themselves liable t<> criminal prosecution."
Tin* order teas already resisted Federal and military pro-
ce.-^. ft is numerous, aimed, and deteimined.
The Government mut-t not depend upon its weakness, or
want of courage and leaders, lor it is becoming defiant and
bold. I have spies m their meetings, but wish not to ex-
po>e them yet.
is tiiere no way to arie^t these self-convicted traitors?
We are soon to have trouble, if the Sentinel, of which I
inclose extracts, is allowed to be continued, ami tiiere
leaders can escape upon the plea referred to.
I think these cases eail for the deliberate action of the
Government, and ask whetherany additional instructions,
mort* than the use of sound discretion, can be given.
I am laboring to create by this disclosure a healthy re-
action ; butthe order is powerful, ably supported; and quite
geiM'ially aimed, as I have reason to believe.
I inclose exhaet from Evening Gazette, to show the
views of this McIIenry after his discharge.
Colonel Joseph Holt, Judge Jidvocate General United
States Jlrrny, Washington, District of Columbia.
The inclosed slip is the following article from
the Indiana State Sentinel:
Tf'hithcr arc, we Drifting?
By request of the citizens of several counties we pub-
lish the following communication upon the present aspect
of public affairs:
Nashville, Indiana, February 16, 1663.
Editor of State Soithiet:
That we are on the eve of civil war in our State is a
Widely prevalent opinion. It Is not the effervescence of
an excitable city population, but the subject of grave dis-
cu*mom und no "little preparation among a people not easily
aroiwd, and who aie accustomed to cleiibeiate.
Such a wai, it is needless to remind the reflecting, will
be productive of untold evils, without conducing to public
benefit. Nor can those who invoke it escape its conse-
quences. In truth, they ate the most likely to be among
the lir.-i victims.
I propose to call attention to the following causes likejy
to bung wai to our doors and between neighbois:
1. Attempts on the part of Slate officials to aim their
p utv favorites, while Democrats are shut nut fiom the use
of the public arms The Democracy are not asleep upon
this subject, but are duly posted with the movements of
each neighboihood throughout the State.
0. Attempts to pi event free speech by arresting citizens
without watrant of law, and denying ptoper trial by civil
COlllt*.
3. Inciting mobs to nets of violence against the persons
or property of Democrats, without speedy and lawful re-
Ami the following are some of the means of preventing
a collision:
1. Pieparation, speedy and ample, to resist every effort
to deprive the citizen of his constitutional rights, by proper
onzam/'Uions, and whatever eh-e is neecssary to resist force
with force. Nations olttimes keep expensive aumes and
navies with a view of pieventing lather than inviting wai. j
The lesson is a wholesome one. and we should ptofitbyit. !
L 't u* be prepared for any emergence, ami we Will be the
more l.kcly to enjoy peace, tn thi* connection it may be
well to apprise tho*e miscreants who profess a desne tu
revel in Democratic blood, that the Democracy aie not des-
titute of arms or other appliances. They do not court, nay,
they deprecate, civil war. But they are determined, and
the .first Democratic blood shed, or Democratic property
destroyed, without authority of law, for political reasons,
if not speedily redressed by due course of law, or if sanc-
tioned by Republican officials, will be the signal for the
uprising of one bundled thousand patriots ready to avenge
What would then be a stroke at the rights of every Demo-
crat. Nor will the war he confined to this State. It will
spread from State to State till the whole Union will be con-
vulsed.
2. Requiring army officers to attend to the business for
which they aie paid, and to abstain from abuse of citizens
for daring to think and act for themselves, and from threats
of violence against thu^e who differ with them touching
quenions of public policy interesting all alike. Their
threats are impotent, their motives understood, and their
influence powerless to change the opinions of the people.
They are s.mply cutting their own tnrents, hurting no one
else. They need not talk about bringing the tioops home
to attack citizens. That is the sheerest nonsense. These
soldiers are not so fai brutalized that they would turn their
arms against father and brother; thevwould be more likely
to use them upon the men who would incite them to such
a damning crime.
3. The incendiary appeals of the Republican press to the
mob spirit of thfiir party, encouraging such acts ot violence
as will force the uprising.
We an: all interested in keeping war from our bordeis.
A child may bring it on, but a giant cannot stop it. When it
comes the bloody line it will draw between citizens will
not stop there; it will divide the Army. Jt requires no
prophet to predict the result. The late election icturns
indicate clearly wheie the strength is. Let us, therefore,
consider well before wc let loose the fierce passions of a
people smarting under almost insupportable wrongs. Think
of these thing*, friend of peace,and conform your conduct
to the ^uggeshons of wisdom.
Mr. KENNEDY. I hardly know, sir, how to
begin a speech 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator allow me a moment? I would suggest to
theSenatorfrom Michigan to withdraw theamend-
mentand let us have a vote on this bill. There are
two or three important provisions in it, which 1
am anxious to have passed.
Mr. KENNEDY. I trust the Senator wilt with-
draw the proposition, for I was about to say that
the document just read is the mostextraordinary
paper I ever heard read to be introduced by a grave
Senator at tiiis stage of our proceedings. With
all my kind regard, not only for the Senator from
Michigan personally, but my regard for his intel-
lect and judgment,'! must say that to bring in a
paper like that strikes me as very strange.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desiie, if the Senator
from Michigan does notwithdraw theamendment,
to mteipose a counter-statement to that of the
Senator, and bused upon more correct information
than any he has as to his proposition. I have
heard a groat dual since I have been in the Senate
about the Knights of the Golden Circle. I declare
before the Senate and the country that if there is
one in Illinois I do not know of it. I do not know
of the existence of one. But, sir, I have evidence
conclusive that tl^ere is another secret organiza-
tion, and I will proceed to lay thatevidence before
the Senate, u secret association not formed of the
Democratic party, but formed of another party
for the purpose of the destruction of the Govern-
ment and the erection of a military despotism in
this country. Some three weeks ago 1 received
from a constituent of mine 
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, I will withdraw theamendment. I
do not wish to interrupt his speech, nor to pre-
vent the important disclosures which he is about
to utter. I am exceedingly anxious to hear these
disclosures; but 1 beg to say at the same timo that,
acting under the advicc of my friends, I shall be
willing to withdraw this amendment, in order that
tho bill itself may be put upon its passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I shall not take very
long.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say that the Sena-
tor must allow me one word in reply when he
has finished, because there are two sides to this
question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to appeal to
Senators. I am very axious to have this bill fin-
ished, so as to take up the revenue bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will not take up over
fifteen or twenty minutes. The Senator from
Michigan, and other Senators, have persisted in
dragging this question for discussion here. I wish
to meet it now. I wish to show that the organi-
zation is not- with our party, but with yours.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was there any charge
made that Jt was with your party ?
Mr. IUC H ARDSON. I understood the Sena-
tor from Michigan to make that charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not understand him
to charge it upon any party at all, but upon indi-
viduals.
Mr. RICHARDSON. He stated that
sometimes went under the name of Democratic;
associations.
Mr. HOWARD. My remark was this: that
these secret organizations assumed various names
in various locations, sometimes assuming the
names of Democratic associations, sometimes
some other names. Idid not accuse the Democrat-?
ic party of fostering this vtle institution*
Mr. RICHARDSON and Mr. WILSON; of
Massachusetts, arose.
Mr. RICHARDSON, In a few.minutes I will
give you an opportunity, gentlemen.
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. Supposethe
gentleman makes his statement on the bill we are
going to have debated to-night, and let us get this
bill to the House of Representatives if we are ever
going to pass it. There are two or three good
provisions in it, and we are anxious to get it
through.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, the appeal to my
good nature shall never be in vain, but I give
notice that I will reply to the Senator from Mich-
igan, and I will produce proofs that will be satis-
factory to him and the country that the organ-
ization belongs to his party, and an association is
being formed throughout the entire North now to
overthrow the country and its institutions and
plant upon it a military despotism.
Mr. HOWARD, I give notice to the Senator
from Illinois that he will prove no such thing, and
when he does bring his proof I hope I shall be
able to meet it. Without making any comment
on the somewhat lofty expressions of surprise of
the Senator from Maryland in respect to this
amendment, 1 will now withdraw it by the con-
sent of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall only occupy the
attention of the Senate for a moment simply to no-
tice one remaik made by the Senator from Mich-
igan, and that was that these associations existed
in the border States, slave and free.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remaik to the Senator from Delaware that the
amendment is withdrawn, and no such question is
before the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 wish, however, to say
that I never yet saw a man that I knew to belong
to any such association. I never belonged to one
myself, nor knew of any other human being that
did.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have an amendment
to add to the proviso adopted at the suggestion of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] the
words "except company officers in companies
composed exclusively of persons of African de-
scent;" so that it will read:
Provided, That no person of African descent shall ba
commissioned or hold an office in the Army of the United
States, except company officeisin companies eompo&ed ex-
clusively of persons of African descent,
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and naya
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittie,
Fesscnden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, fjowe, King,
Lane of Kansas, Moirill, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wilkinson, Wihnot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—19.
NAYS—Messis. Cowan, Davis, Harding, Hairis, Hen-
derson, Hicks, Howard, Lane oflmliana, Nesmith, Powell,
Richardson, Saulsbury, Sherman,TonEyck, Wait, Willey,
and Wilson of Missouu—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am sat-
isfied that this bill cannot go through Congress
with the eighth section in, and therefore I move
to reconsider the vote on the eighth section. There
was a motion made to strike it out; it was lost,
and now I move to reconsider that vote. •
Mr. FOSTER. It has been amended. You
can move to strike it out now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, Then I
move to strike out the eighth section with a view
to get the bill through Congress.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Now, I
move to reconsider the voteby which another sec-
tion of the bill was stricken out, on the ground
that it was put in by amendment in another bill. •
11 is not certain that the other bill will pass. There-
fore I move to reconsider it, and let it stand in
this bill; that is the section in regard to the con-
