510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
to be too high, and design to rectify it, I hope the
Senator will omit I hat section from his amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. On the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, I will withdraw the lastsec-
tion of my amendment, if there is no objection.
I think there is very good reason for making no
discrimination, although 1 offered the section be-
cause I regarded the charge as being eutiiely too
high and oppressive.
Mr, FESSENOEN. It is too high in many
cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the whole of his amendment?
Mr. WILKINSON. No, sir; I withdraw the
last section m relation to stamp duties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
'then, is on the first section of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Minnesota to the amend-
ment in the form of a substitute.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I desire to propose an
amendment in the fifth section of the substitute.
I wish to strike out from line seven to line nine
all that is said about witnesses' fees. I make the
motion on consultation with the members of the
committee. It is to strike out the words:
Witnesses' pay for attendance may be allowetfty the said
commissioners not to exceed the lets allowed by the laws
Of Minnesota for witnesses attending jiu-ticeo; courts.5
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee whether if witnesses should be
subpenaed on behalfof the Government they ought
not to be paid by the Government; and whether it
wilt not be better to amend the clause by inserting
after the word u witnesses," the words "subpe-
naed in behalf of the United Stales shall receive
pay for attendance," &c. ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know that I have
any objection to that. I think the suggestion is
a proper one. I will accept it, and modify my
amendment accordingly. After the woid "wit-
nesses," and before the word " pay," I will move
to insert the words, " subpenaed in behalf of the
United States shall receive pay," and strike out
the words 41 may be allowed by the said commis-
sioners;" so that U will read;
Witnesses Mibpenaed in behalf of the United States «ha!l
receive pay not to exceed the fee.-, allowed by the laws of
Minnesota tor witnesses .mending justice-*' cmuts.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed to.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the second section of the amend-
ment, and inserting the following in lieu thereof:
That, for the purpose of indemnify p"i niih who have
suffered damage- for depiodations commuted by the Si-.se-
ton, Wahpaton, Medawakniiton, and Wahpakooi.i bamU of
the Dakota or irUonx fridian;*, time !.-• heioby appmpiiated
the twin of .$1,500.000, or s-o mnrh thereof .is mav be neces-
sary, iiotn tlx* TiVa^nv ot tlie United States out <ff any
money not othmvi.-e appropi uited ; tin; t-.inl -inn, when *o
taken, to be chained to and to be a pyo (auto extinguish-
ment of the triHt funds or «:ud Indian*, held bv ih<- United
States pursuant to the treaties ot the United"Suites w.th
said Indians.
For the last fifteen ortwenty yeats, it has been
the policy of the Government, in making treaties
with the Indians, to limit the timeof the payments.
They were to receive the inteie&t on a stipulated
amount annually forever. That was deemed to bt
bad policy, and the Government wished to have
the time limited; and I offer this in part to carry
out the views of the Government heretofore ex-
pressed. I know the condition of the Treasury:
but I think it would be very bad policy refuse
to appropriate a few thousand dollars to repair
a noble ship and to allow her to run to decay. ■
The settlers who suffered by this raid weie nearly :
all farmers, and if they ran be indemnified for .
their losses, they will add to the wealth of tin; I
nation, during the coming year, by their products :
more than the amount asked for in tliio amend - j
tnent. The amount proposed in the substitute ;
would not be enough to procure them food and >
clothing during the summer and fall. They are !
without teams, without tools, without seed, and >
many of them without shelter. Pass the House '
bill and you save from pecuniary ruin those whose I
sufferings were and are almost unparalleled. Re- !
fuse to adopt the amendment I have offered and i
they are left with nothing in the woild. They ;
are now supported by chanty; and the sum ;
named in the substitute—$100,000—will not feed !
them during the coming season. Alany of them '
had farms under a high state of cultivation previ~ {
ous to this outbreak. They only require tools, I
seeds, teams, and something to enable them to re-1
build their houses, and they will go to work at
once and produce large crops,.the value of which
will add more to the Treasury of the United States,
or to the wealth of the country, which is the same
thing, than the $1,500,000 asked for in this amend-
ment.
Mr. WILKINSON. If this amendment be
adopted the Senate will virtually agree with the
House of Representatives in the measure which
has passed that body. The theory on which this
appropriation is made, and on which the House
acted, is that these Indians having committed these
depredations, should pay for them, so far as the
funds which are due to them from the Govern-
ment will pay for them. I think it is manifestly
just. Although the Committee on Indian Affairs
did not see fit to make theappiopriation direct for
so large a sum, they still provide that there shall be
acommission to ascertain the real damages which
*tiave been sustained by our people. I have a letter
here from the Interior Department which shows
what is due to these Indians. Under the treaties,
they are to receive annually the sum of $150,000
for forty years, at the end of which time the prin-
cipal and interestaie wiped outand extinguished.
The value of this claim which these Indians hold
against the United States, if reckoned at five per
! cent., would be $2,310,476 61^ That is the real
i value of the annuity funds of these Indians now in
j the hands of the Government If it iscalculated
j at seven per cent., the amount which they hold
j against the Government is £1,799,779 50. Now,
! this amendment which my colleague has offered,
! proposes to extinguish £1,500,000 of the fund
j which is due the Indians, or rather to take that
| much of their money to remunerate the people of
j AJinnesota who have suffered inconsequence of
the war which they made upon them.
I think the amendment of my colleague is emi-
nently just and proper. I do not see fit now to
recapitulate thesufforings of our people. We have
enough m al! conscience to harrow up our feelings
without a recunence to them here, and I do not
ji propose to do it. Senators know all about them.
Foi one hundred and fifty miles the whole fron-
tier of our State lias been devastated; the people
have be.Midi i ven in; their cattle have been taken;
their houses have been burned; and everything
they had on earth has been utterly destroyed.
They ate left without any means, without any
hom^s, without any household furniture, utterly
destitute; and these were a class of people as hon-
orable and tespectable citizens and as useful to
our country as any that can be found in any new
State any where. This amendment goes upon the
theory that these Indians have forfeited their treaty
stipulations, have annulled and abrogated them;
that the Government owes them nothing; and that
it is perfectly pioperforthe Government of the
United States to take these funds to indemnify the
people of our State for the depredations winch the
Indians have so wickedly commuted upon us. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Air. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian j]
Affairs bad this proposition before them, and after <|
a very thorough examination came to the con- !'
elusion that Congress ought not, at this session, lj
to appropriate §1,500,000 for this purpose. The lj
committee had no means of knowing; whether the j!
damages would amount to $1,500,000. There is jj
ij no evidence that the Senators from Minnesota are j{
i■ now prepared to lay before this body to justify us Ji
incoming to thatconclusion. The bill asorigmally H
ji presented to the House of Representatives pro- ;j
vnied that $1,500,000should be appropriated,and i|
: that it should be disbursed on the part of a com- j'
! mi^Mon, to be appointed and Sent to Minnesota j;
: to tnk<- testimony in the case. The committee of ii
the Senate supposed that, perhaps, their report '!
1 would cover the entire amount appropriated: that j:
! they would manage by the adoption of the usual lj
! means resorted to by persons who have suffered '■
! great damage to make their claims at least equal ij
I to the sum appropriated; and that it would be H
j wiser for Congress to providefor the investigation
] in advance of the appropriation, and to make this !■
, large appropriation if it should, in the end, become <!
necessary after we knew fiom the testimony that i'
! it was nccessary. But, in the mean time, it was
' insisted on by Senators from that State that the
I citizens of Minnesota had suffered great hardships, J:
j and many of them would, perhaps, become pan- i1
I pers; the communities there would be compelled :i
'■ to support them by private charity, unless they it
could receive a part of their damage in advance.
Hence the committee proposed that §100,000
should be placed at the disposal of a commission
to be disbursed immediately after arriving on the
ground, and ascertaining the parties who were in
need of this immediate relief for the purpose of
buying seed grain with which to sow their ciops
at the commencement of the coming year, and to
procure a few necessary implements of husbandry;
and that the investigation should take place and
the report be made to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and be by him, with the evidence, laid before
Congress before any large appropriation should
be made for this purpose.
The committee concluded also that this course
was necessary in order to conform to the princi-
ples that have hitherto been recognized by Con-
gress. Congress has provided by law heietofore
! that when Indians commit depredations on citi-
! zens of the United States, their reasonable dam-
age may be paid outof any annuities that may be
, due from the United States to the 1 ndian tribes, the
j members of which may have committed the dep-
, redations. Some yeats ago, Congress also pro-
! vided that when depredations were committed by
; Indians who were not entitled to annuities, if no
; retaliatory measures were adopted by the citizens
| of the United States on account of those depre-
. dations, that reasonable damage should be paid
; from the Treasury. But it will be lemenibered
| by older Senators heie, that some four or five years
since that law was repealed for reasons which
I seemed to be sufficient in the opinion of the Senate
! and the House of Representatives; so that no dam-
i agescannowbe paid, according to the principle to
which the policy of the Government has been con-
formed, except from Indians who are entitled to
annuities. All reasonable damages that citizens
suffer on account of depredations committed by
annuity Indians may be paid out of annuities due
to the tribes, members of which commit the dep-
redations.
Now m this case, in conformity with this prin-
ciple, the committee asccitamed that the Indians
engaged in this war are entitled to $150,000 per
annum as annuities. They suppose that the citi-
zens of Minnesota who have suffered these dam-
ages are entitled to relief to that extent. The com-
mittee was not willing, however, to recommend
the passage of a bill to appropriate the entire
amount of the annuities m advance of an investi-
gation. They propose to appropriate $100,000,
two thirds of the amount that now would be due
to these Indians for the present year, to provide
for immediate relief to the sufferers; and after the
commissioners that the bill provides for shall have
met, examined these eases, and made a report, if,
in the opinion of Congress, it should be just and
proper, a further appropriation doubtless will be
made; perhaps the entire annuity may be diverted
for this purpose until all these damages shall have
been covered to the amount of $150,000 per year,
taking up the entire annuity due to these vaga-
bond Indians.
The committee did not think it would be wise
at ptesent to make so huge an appropriation, be-
cause, first, it violates the principle to which the
policy of the Government has been conformed for
a long series of years; and then, in the second
place, the Government is not supposed, at the
present time, to be in a condition to buy in its
debts. They owe these Indians large sums of
money, which they propose to pay in the shape
of annuities, interest from year to year for a long
period of years. This indebtedness would be, if
now put into the market to be cashed, worth, the
Senator fiom Minnesota concludes, something
like two million dollars; but the committee do not'
know of any principle of justice or law that would
require the custodian of this money to cash the
debt. The utmost the people of Minnesota have
a right to claim under the law, and in accordance
with the policy of the Government, is the whole
of theannuity due to these Indians who have made
waron them. That would be but $150,000ayear.
The amendment of the Senator from Minnesota
proposes that the Government shall buy in this
debt, shall cash it, convert it into money at its
present value, and pay it ail over. The Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs did not deem that the Gov-
ernment was in a condition to buy this debt. It
is not necessary, in order to enable us to conform
the action of the Government at the present time
to the policy which it has pursued for a long scries
