1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI,
fin
sell or offer for sale any distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
or wine of any description, in quantities of three gallons
or le.-s, and whose annual sales do not exceed §-25,000, shall
he regarded as a retail dealer in liquors under this law:
Provulcd, That no person who has taken out a license to
keep a hotel, inn, Tavern, or eating-house, under this law,
pnall be required to take out a licence as a retail dealer in
liquoii, or as a tobacconist, because of any beverages or
tobacco and cigars luimshed in the usual course of the
business as a keeper of a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-house."
The Committee on Finance proposed, in line
one hundred and eighty-two, to strike out the
words " retail dealers in liquors or as a;" and in
line one hundred and eighty-three to strike out
the words " beverages or;" so as to make the pro-
viso read:
Provided, That no person who has taken out a license to
keep a hotel, inn. tavern, or eating-house, under tins law,
shall be required to take out a license as .1 tobacconist be-
cause of any tobacco and cigars furnished in the usual
course of the business as a keeper of a hotel, inn, tavern,
or eating house.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sec-
tion, as follows:
That section seventy-five be. and hereby is, amended, by
inserting alter the wouK " piuvided, that white lead, oxjd
of zinc, and sulphate of b.uytes,*' " and paints and paint-
ers' color-*by uiseiting before the words "on laid oil,"
and attached to the next preceding sentence, as follows :
'• and all duties or taxes on coal mined, and delivered by
coal operatois at the mines on contracts made prior to July
1, 18G2, shall be paid by the purchaser thereof."
The committee proposed to insert " the words"
after " barytes," in line one hundred and eighty-
eight.
The amendment was agreecPto.
The reading was continued, as follows:
By sinking out the following woid--: "on sugai, refined,
whether lo.u, lump, gtauulated, or pulverized, two mills
pei pound ; on sugar, refined, or madeftom molasses,''simp
of molasses, melado, en concent! ated melado, two mills per
pound," and inciting m lieu thereof as follows : "sugar
refiner-! shall pay one and one half of one pet cent on the
gros* amount ot the -ales-of nil the products theirmanu-
faetories : Provided, That eveiy person shall belegarded as
a -ugar refiner under tins act whose business uis to advance
the quality and value of sugar by inciting and rcciystalh
zation, or'bj hqiiorin<r. claying, or othei washing process,
or by any othei chemical or mechanical nicaiH, or who
shall advance the quality or value of molasse.-and eoneen-
tiated molasses, melado, or concentrated melado, by boiling
orothei piocess and by mseiungalter the words '• tanned
calfskin-, six cents each," '•Proiided. That deacon Mcms
shali be subject to and pay a duty of only three cents cach,
anuhmg to the contrary notwithstanding."
The Coiwmttce on Finance proposed to strike
out all after " process," in line two hundred and
ten, to " notwithstanding," in line two hundred
and twelve. The words'"to be stricken out are:
And bv inserting after the words " tanned calf skins six
cents each," •' Pro vided, That deacon skins shall be subject
to and pay a duty of only tin ee cents cach, anything to the
couli.wy notwithstanding."
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading was continued, as follows:
And by inserting therein, in lieu of any other duties,
rates of duty, oi provisions existing in relation thereto, the
following.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
this clause by inserting the words "on the arti-
cles hereinafter enumerated in this section" after
the word "duties" in line two hundred and thir-
teen.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sec-
tion, as follows:
" On steam engines of all descriptions, including marine
engines and locomotives, one and one half per ccnt. ad
valot em-fi
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out this clau&e, and in lieu of it to insert, "on
marine engines, three per cent, ad valorem "
Mr.TEN EYCK. In consequence of informa-
tion derived from persons connect^ with the busi-
ness of constructing engines m my own State, 1
hope the amendment will not prevail. I under-
stand the effect of this amendment is to impose a
tax of three per cent, ad valorem on all engines,
whether marine ot locomotive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sena-
toi that that is the tax now by the present bill on
all engines except marine engines, and they are
excepted by renson of a construction of an act,
having been omitted in the spuific enumeration.
There is no reason in the world why they should
not pay the same duty as other engines. There
is no business that can better afford to pay three
per cent, than the business of making engines and
locomotives.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not profess to be par-
ticularly well informed on this subject, but beg
permission to suggest the view which persons en-
gaged in this business have conveyed to me, and
state the reason why I desire this change. There
will be but a moment of time occupied in it. I
understand that the duty or tax on the manufac-
ture of locomotives is three per cent., but it is
stated to be a fact that in consequencc of the duty
imposed upon different materials going to com-
pose or make up a locomotive engine or a marine
engine, many of the articles being taxed two or
three times over m their combinations, the duty
or tax in fact imposed upon these engines, if the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate shall be earned, will amount
tt) some five per cent, ad valorem. That is the ef-
fect of it, and such being the effect, I respectfully
beg leave to differ from the committee and ask that
that amendment shall not carry. There may be
other Senators who arc more familiar with the
nature of the tax proposed to be imposed than I
am. It is but recently that my attention was called
to it. The bill has just been printed, and in the
short time since it has been presented to us one
of my colleagues in the other Housi^oalled my
attention to it and made a request that I should
bring the matter to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I am disposed to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment; but before doing so I
will inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance whether there is any provision in the
amendments reducing the duty upon paper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but there will be
in a bill coming from the House of Representa-
tives. That is a foieign article, and will be pro-
vided for in another bill of the House. I will
only say in regard to maiine engines that there is
not a shop in the country where these articles are
made that is not working up to its highest possi-
ble capacity, and the profits are enormous. There
is no question but that itcan pay this duty better
than almost any other business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the section was continued, as
follows:
"On rivets nuts, wrought-iron raihoad chairs,bolts,and
horse-shoes, two dollars per ton : Provided, That where a
duty upon the iion from which said articles shall have, been
made ha> been actually paid, an additional duty only shall
be paid of fiity cents per ton."
The Committee on Finance proposed after the
word "rivets," in line two hundred and eighteen,
to insert " exceeding one fourth of one inch in
diameter."
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the section was continued, as
follows:
"On rolled brass, copper, and yellow sheathing metal, m
rod? or sheets, one per cent, ad valorem ;
" On tent1:, shades, awnings, and bags made of cot-
ton, flax, or hemp, or pai t of eithei.or other material*, three
per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That when the cloih or
material horn which .such sails, tents, shades, awnings, or
foaus weie made was impoited, or lias been subject to and
paid a duty, there shall be levied and collected a duty of
one per cent, ad valorem ;
" On tobacco, cavendish, plu<c, twist, fine-cut, and manu-
factured of all descriptions (not including «nuff, cigars, and
smoking tobacco, prepared with all the stems in or made
exclusively ot stems,') fifteen cents per pound : Provided,
That in estimating the value of cigars upon which duties
are to be assessed, the market value of tobacco at the time
shall be the basis ot such estimate ;
"On smoking tobacco pieparod with all the stems in, and
on smoking tobacco made exclusively of su ms, five cents
per pound."
The Committee on Finance proposed in line
two hundred and forty to strikeout "five" and
insert " two;" so as to make the clause read:
On smoking tobacco prepared with all the stems in. and
on smoking tobacco made exclusively of steins, two cents
per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. T think that had better re-
main as the House of Representatives fixed it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope it will remain as in the
House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I agreed to the amendment
in committee, but 1 am satisfied on examination
that five cents a pound is little enough on any kind
of tobacco. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not care anything
about it.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sec-
tion, as follows;
" On snuff manufactured of tobacco, or stems, or of any
sulwtitu'te foHOb&ced, ground, dry/ Or dairip, of ail desefifn
tions, twenty ccma per poim# j. ; ^    ' "
" On mineral or m<;<Heinaf waters,'watersfrom springs
impregnated with minerals, one dent for erfch ftotUC con-*
taiumg not mofo than one quftit; ivhen eon tainted mow
titan one quart, two eeivw for each bottle j
" On ready-made clothing or articles of dress for men's,
women's, or children's wear, not including lialsy
or bonnets, one per cent, ad valorem t Provided? That
tailors, boot and shoemakers, milliner's, and dressmak&^jr
making clothing or articles of dross for men's, women's,ot
children's wear, to order as custom-work, rtnd not forsakf
generally, shall, to the amount of $1,000, be exempt"froitf
duty, and for any excess bej end the amount of $l,0Wshalt
pay a duty one per cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed te -strike-
out the words "on ready-made clothing ar arti-
cles of dress for men's, women's, of children's
wear, not including hats, caps, or bonheU, one
per cent, ad valorem: Providtdj That,5' in fines
two hundred and forty-nine, two hundred and fifty,
and two hundred and fifty-one; and in line two
hundred and fifty-seven to strike out " one" and
insert " three;" so as to make the clause read:
Tailors, boot and shoemakers, milliners, and dressmakers,
making clothing or articles of dress for men's, women's,
or childien's weai, to order as custom work, and not fo*
sale generally, shall, to the amount of $1,000, be exempt
from duty, and for any excess beyond the amount of $1,000
shall pay a duty ot three per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of thfe sec-
tion, as follows:
"On umbrellas and parasols, &a4e of cdttoft, silk,Gt
other niateilat, three "per cent, advaterevf
" On sugai-candy and all Co#*fki3tioriery ftradfi Of
in pait of sugar, valued at fourteenee>iis 16s#,
two cent* pei pound; when valued at e xeeed ftiff feat teen
cents and not exceeding forty cents per pound,cents
pei pound; when valued at exceeding forty cents perpound,
or when sold otherwise than by Ufe poomi, five c&tfc.
ad valorem ;
" On all gold leaf fifteen cents per pa«k, ecftttaiftlftg not
more than twenty books of twenty-fi vele$v«&*e eh4
<  On castings of iroft not otftertvfce £fiwrta*a JInfJii this
act, or m the act to which this act ts afl $1 SO
per ton : Provided, That there shall be deducted fronrdutifiiS
assessed upon lailroad cars any duties which mny have
been a>>e<sed and paid upon car-wheels under the provis-
ions of this act."
The Committee on Finance proposed to insert
after the word " iron," m line two hundred and
seventy, the words " exceeding ten pounds in
weight for each casting;" so as to make the clause
read, " on castings of iron exceeding ten pounds
in weight for cach casting, not otherwise provided
for in this act," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the section was concluded, ag
follows:
"On clocks and time-pieces, and on clock movements
when ««old without being ca-^ud, tin ee pei cent, ad valorem."
That section seventy-seven be, and hereby i*, amended,
bv requiring the taxes piovuied for in that section to be
levied, collected, and paid annually, by any person or per-
-<uns> owning, po.>*er.sing, or keeping an) carriage, yacht 
plate,oi billiard table; by inserting in the first paragraph of
schedule A, alter the words "kept for use," the words
" tor hneoi for passengersand by «x<auiptiog from duty
plate belonging to )eligious> societies.
That section seventy-eight be, and hereby is, amended,
by reducing the duty so that on horned cattle, slaughtered,
the duty shall be twenty cents per head, on sheep ami lambs,
slaughtered, the duty shall be three cent? per head, and on
hog-,, slaughteied, exceeding one hundred pounds in weight,
without lesard to age, six cents each, and no duty shall be
charged on hogs slaughtered of les-s weight; and the cattle,
hoes, and sheep slaughtered by any person foe Ins or her
own consumption, not exceeding six ot each, shall be ex-
empt lioin duty. .
That section ninety-three be amended *o that m case ot
nc"lect or refusal to make the returns relcnod to in said
seAion, the proceeding* thereafter for the assessment and
collection o( the duty shall be in the same manne.i as pro-
vided tor in other cases of neglect.
That section one hundred and two be, and hereby is,
amended, by striking out the words " theieupon allow and
deduct fioni," and inserting m lieu thereof the wouls " al-
low upon;*' bv striking out the woids k£ added to the
amount, after deducting the allowance of percent, as afore-
said."" and inserting m lieu thereof the woid^, " paid by the
purchaser of such stamped paper, vellum, or parchment j"
and by stukmg out the word v< discount" and inserting in
lieu theicot the word •' commission." _
That section one hundred and twelve be, and hereby is,
amended, by inserting, after the word "district" where it
tiist occurs, as follows : " of which the deceased person was
a lesident;'' and by inserting after the word "district,'
wheie it next occurs, as follows: " of which the deceased
person was a resident."
The Secretary next read the second section, as
follows:
Snc. 2. Andheit further ciiacted. That on and after the 1st
day of Mav, 1863, no person or persons, association, hrm,
or corporation, shall make, sell, or offer for sale, ordispose
of anv lottery ticket, or fractional part thereof, or any policy
of numbers in any lottery, or any token, certificate, or de-
vice representing or intended to represent the holder, or
any other person or persons, as entitled or to be entitled, in
