1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
any lottery, lottery scheme, or game of hazard or chance to
be drawn, to any prize or share or part of a prize, or any
sum or part or sbare of any sum of money, or other article
of value, or any fractional part, thereof, without affixing
thereto an adhesive stamp or stamps denoting the duty im-
posed by this act, and in dofault thereof shall incur a pen-
alty of fifty dollars for each and every such offense ; and
no prize or part of a prize drawn to or by any ticket, or frac-
tional part thereof, token, certificate, or device as aforesaid,
and no sum of money or thing of value made payable or de-
liverable upon any stake or investment or risk in or upon
any policy of numbers, shall be demanded or recovered by
any legal proceedings or otherwise without the ticket or
fractional part thereof, or policy of numbers, token, certifi-
cate, or device, shall have been duly stamped at the time
of tiie making sale or delivery or disposal thereof: Provided,
That in addition to all other penalties and forfeitures now
imposed by law for the evasion of stamp duties, any person
who shall purchase, obtain, or receive any lottery ticket,
or fractional part thereof, or any token, certificate, or de-
Vice representing or intended to* represent a lottery ticket,
or fractional part thereof, or any policy of numbers, with-
out first having thereon the stampimposed by this act, may
recover from the person of whom the same was purchased,
obtained, or received, at any time within three yeais there-
after, before any court of competent jurisdiction, a sum
equal to twice the amount paid for such ticket or fractional
part thereof, token, certificate, or device, or staked or in-
vested in or upon any policy of numbers as aforesaid, with
just and legal costs: Provided fuiiher, That the stamp duty
herein piovided for shall be clashed in the not to which tins
act is an amendment under schedule 13, as follows, to wit:
"Lottery tickets, fractional parts of lottery tickets, poli-
cies of numbers in lotteries, tokens, certificates, or devices
in any form, representing tfie holder, or any person or per-
sons, as entitled, or to be entitled, in any lottery, scheme,
or game of hazard or chance, hereuftei to be drawn, to any
prize m portion of a prize or sum of money, or share thereof,
or other article of value, or any portion or share thereof,
when such ticket, fractional part of a ticket, policy of num-
bers, token, certificate, or device, shall not exceed one dol-
iar in the amount risked, or in the retail price thereof, fifty
cents; when such ticket, fractional part of a ticket, policy,
token, certificate, or device, shall exceed one dollar in the
Amountriskedj oi in the retail price thereof, then for each
and every dollar, or fractional part thereof, over and above
one dollar, as before mentioned, an additional fifty cents:
Provided, however, That no stamp duty herein provided
for sliaU be construed to authorize anv lottery, or the sale
of any tottery tickets, tokens, or certificates, representing
shares or fractional parts of shares therein, within any State
or Territory of the United States in which lottenes or the
sale of lottery tickets is or shall be specially prohibited by
the laws thereof, or in violation of the laws of any State or
Territory; and nothing in thisactshnll beheld or construed
so a  to prevent the several States, within the limits thereof,
from placing a duty, tax, or licence, for State pui poses, on
any sal© of lottery tickets on which a duty is required to be
paid by this act."
The third section way next read, as follows:
Sec. 3. J]rid he it further enactcd, That anv person or per-
sons, firm, company, or corporation, who shall issue tick-
ets or contracts of insurance against fatal or non-fatal in-
jury to prisons while tiavehng by land or water, Miall pay
a duty of one per cent, on the gross amount of all the ic-
ceipts for such insurance, and shall be subject to all the
provision* and lobulations of exiting law applicable tiieie-
to, in lelalum l<> iiiMitanee companies: Pionulerf, That no
stamp duty shall be required upon tickets or eontiacH of
insurance as aforesaid, when limited to fatal or nou-fatal
injury to persona while tiavehng.
The Secretary read the fourth section, as fol-
lows:
Skc. 'I. And be it further enacted, That <t!l eontiaets for
the puicha^e or sale of gold or -ilver com of the Hinted
States, and nil coNinicts forthe loan of money oi eurienoy
upon the eollafeial security of saul coin forthe repayment
of any such lo.m, ,-hail be in wilting or pt inted, signed by
the paities, ortheiragents or attorneys ; and if'sjid coutiaet
is to be peifoimed wiihin three diijs honi the date thereof,
said contract shall hear one m moie ndhoMve stamp*, as
provided in the act to winch tin* i . an amendment, equal
in amount to one touith of one per crnf. of the amount of
the contract, which ammmtshall be estimated by the law-
ful currency of the United States. And if *aul contract
not to be performed within tlnee dawi, or shall not he pn-
formed within thiee days, then ^anl contract '-hall bear said
stamp or stamp* to an amount equal to one per cent,
thereof: Piovided, however, Th.it not hi tig hoi em contained
'-hall applj to transactions by or with the Government of the
United States.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out the words " of the United States" after the
woid 44 com," m line three, and to insert (i or bul-
lion;" and ulso to sluice out the wordh:
Upon the collateKtl security of --aid coin foi the inpay-
ment of anv «;ueh loan vhall he in u riting or punted, signed
by the parties or their agent- oi attorneys ; and i! said con-
tact is to be perfoimeil within Uuee days from the date
theicof, said contract Miail bear one or more adhesive
stamp?, a-. provided m fltt act to which this is an amend-
ment, equal in amount to one fourth of one pei cenf. of the
amount of the eonuact, u inch amount shall be esuman d
by the lavwtil eunericv of tin- Unm-d State*; and if said
contract ^ not to be peiioimeii within three da\s, oi shall
not be perfoi med within thice day then Mud contract shall
bear ><iid stamp or .-tamp-< to an amount equal to one per
cent, thereof.
And in lieu of (hem to insert:
Secured l.y pledge or deposit oi othei disposition of gold
or stiver coin of the United States,if to be perfoi med alter
a period excecuing three days*, shall be in writing or printed,
and signed by tfic panics oi their agents or attorneys, and
shall have one or more adhesive stamps, as provided m the
act to which this is an amendment, equal in amount to one
half of one pei* cent., and interest at the rate of six per
cent, per annum on the amount so loaned, pledged, or
deposited. And if any such loan, pledge, or deposit, made
for a period not exceeding three days, shall be renewed or
in any way extended for any time whatever, said loan,
pledge, or deposit shall be subject to the duty imposed on
loans exceeding three days. And no loan of currency or
money on the security of gold or silver coin of the United
States, as aforesaid, shall be made exceeding in amount the
par value of the com pledged or deposited as security; and
any such loan so made, or attempted to be made, shall be
utterly void.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth section was next read, as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all contracts,
Joans, or sales of gold and silvei com of the United States,
not made in accordance with this act, shall be wholly and
absolutely void; and in addition to the penalties provided
in the act to which tills is an amendment, any paity to said
contract may, at any time within one yeai from the date of
the contract, bringsuit before any court of cornpetentjuris-
diction to recover back, for his own use and benefit, the
money paid on any contract not made in accordance with
this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an amendment
necessary to that section to conform to the one we
have just adopted. In the second line of the fifth
section, I move to strike out the words "of the Uni-
ted States," after "coin, "arid insert "or bullion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the sixth section as far as
line forty-three, as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it fwither enacted, That section one hun-
dred and ten be, ami hereby is, amended as follows: "any
memoiandum, check, receipt, or other wutten or printed
cvidcncc of an amount of money to be paid on demand, or
at a tune designated, shall be consulted as a pronnssoiy
note within the meaning of that section, and shall be
stamped accordingly, and that schedule ft, following said
section, be and i-. heiehv amended, so That any inland bill
of exchange, draft, or order for the paj mcnt of any «um of
money exceeding twenty dollar^, otheiwi-e than at sight or
on demand, and any promnsoiy note, shall (in lieu of the
duties pietcribed in schedule J>) have a stamp or stamps
afiived iheieon denoting a duty, upon eveiy sum of two
bundled dollar- or any tiaeUonal p,uttheieof,if payable on
demand or at any tunc not exceeding thirty-three days in-
cluding thegi ace, tioin the date or sight, of one cent; if pay-
able at any tune not lo-s than thnty-thieo days as afoie&aid,
and not exceeding M.\fv-tmoe day-, including the grace,
fiom date or sight, of t\\ <> cents; if" payable at anytime not
ie— than sixty tlnee davs, a- aforesaid, and not exceeding
lunety-three days, including the giace, from date or sight,
of thiee cent- ; if payable at any time not le^s. than ninety-
three days, as afoiesai(l,and not exceeding four months fiom
date oi sight and grace, of foui cents; if payable at any time
not less than foui m-with,^, as afote-aul, and not exceeding
six months from date oi sight, oi giace, ot six cents ; il pay-
able at any tune exceeding six month* from date or sight
and giace, of ten cents. And ih.it schedule i$, following
section one hundred and ten, be, and ia lierebv, fuither
amended, so that the stamp duty on cetnfie:ites of any other
description than those specified in •-aid schedule, ui'lieu of
ten cents as therein pte-crihed, shall be five cent-; on pas-
sage ticket- by any \es-el fiom a poit of the United States
to a foreign poit. costing thirty dollar oi U"-s, shall be. lii'ty
emit*; on anypowei of attorney for the sale or iran-fer of
any scrip or certificate of piolit- oi memoiandum, showing
an interest in the piofits oi accumulations ot any eotpora-
lion oi association, if for a sum not exceeding fifty dollar*,
shall be ten cents..
The Committee on Finance proposed in lines
thirty-ci^lit and forty-two, respectively, to strike
out the words "shall be."
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that I understand
the proposition, but as \ road it, it proposes to
impose this tax upon policies where the premium
is less than ten dollars, and not any tax wheie
the premium is over ten dollars. Is that so?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is reducing the tax
on these small policies where small premiums are
paid. It still leavos the tux on higher ones as we
fixed it bcfdic. That is all.
The amendment was ngroed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the sec-
tion, as follows:
On any policy ot insurance or otherinstiumcnt, by what-
ever name the same shall be eallcd, bv which m-uiance
shall he madcot renewed upon piopeity of any description,
whether against penis by sea, or by file, or other peril of
any kind, mad'1 by anv niMiianoe company oi its agents,
or by any other company or peison in winch the premium
or assessment shall not exceed fen dollars, shall be ten
cent*. On an\ bill of sale by which Miy .-hip or vessel
shall be convened to or vested in any other peison or poi-
sons, when the consideration simij not exceed £500, there
shall be atlKed a stamp or stamps denoting a duty of twen-
ty five cent?.
The Committee on Finance proposed after the
woid "vessel" in lino fifty-one, to insert the words
"or any patt thereof;" and in line fifty, to strike
out the words "shall be."
The amendment was agreed to.
. TheS ecretary continued the reading of the sec-
tion, as follows:
If the consideration excceds §500 and does not exceed
£1,000, the duty shall be fifty cents. If the consideration
exceeds $1,000^ for each and every additional amount of
$1,000, or any fractional part thereof, in excess of $],000,
tiie duty in addition shall be fifty cents. On each and every
assignment oi transfer of a mortgage, lease, or policy of in-
surance, a stamp duty shall be paid equal to that imposed
on the original instrument.
Any power of attorney, conveyance, or document of any
kind made, or purporting to be made, in any foreign coun-
try, to be used m the United States, shall pay the same duty
as is required by law on similar instruments or documents
when made or issued in the United States ; and the party
to whom the same is issued, or by whom it is to be used,
shall, before using the same, affix theieon tiie stamp or
stamps indicating the duty lequired.
Any mortgage or personal bond for the payment of money,
or as security for the payment of any definite or certain
sum of money, in lieu of the duties imposed or prescribed
in schedule B following the one hundred and tenth sec-
tion,shall have astamporstamps atlixod thereon, denoting
a duty upon every sum of $200, or any fractional part
thereof, of ten cents.
No conveyance, deed, mortgage, or writing, whereby any
land-?, tenements, tealty, or other property, shall be sold,
granted, assigned, or otherwise conveyed, or shall he made
as security for the payment of any «um of money, shall be
required to pay a stamp duty of more than the sum of
$1,000, anything to the contiaiv notwithstanding.
No s=tamp duty shall be required on powers of attorney
or any other paper ielating to applications tor bounties, ar-
reaiages ot pay, or pensions, or to the receipt thereof from
tune to tune ; nor on any wauaiit of attorney accompany-
ing a bond or note, when such bond or note shall have
affixed theietothe btampor stamp-! denoting the duty re-
(juned ; and whenever any bond oi note shall be secured
by a mortgage, but one .stamp duty fhall be required to be
placed on Mich paper*: Provided, That the stamp duty
placed thereon is the highest late rerpiued for said instru-
ments, or either of them; nor on cci uhcatcs of the meas-
urement or weight of animals, wood, coal, or other arti-
cles ; nor on deposit notes to mutual m-uianee companies
for liismance upon w4wch policies subject fo stamp duties
have been, or are to be, issued; noi on any certificate of
the recoid of a deed or other in*timnent in writing, or of the
acknowledgment or proof thereof by attesting witnesses.
The duty or stamps requtred for transposition by express
companies and cabers hereby repealed, and such trans-
portation shall he exempt fiom stamp duty.
That the *tamp duty on a contract or agreement for the
chaiterof any ship, oi vessel, or steamer, as now piovided
for in schedule B, or any letter, memorandum, or other
writing between the captain, ma-itei, or owner, or person
acting as agent of any ship, or vessel, or steamer, and any
other pei son or pci>ous for or i dating to the charter ol such
«hip, orvessel, or steamer, if the registered tonnage of such
ship, or vessel, or steamer, does not exceed one hundred
and fifty tons, shall be one dollar; exceeding one hundred
and fifty tons and not exceeding three hundred ton*, three
dollars ; exceeding three hundred tons and not exceeding
six hundred tons, five dollars; exceeding six hundred tons,
ten dollais.
The next section was read, as follows:
Seu.7. *And be it fuither enacted, That th'e Commissioner
of internal Kevenuo be, and he is hereby, authorized to
prescribe such method for the cancellation of stamps as a
substitute for or m addition to the method now prescribed
by law as ho may deem expedient and effectual. And he
is fuither authorized m his discretion to make theapplica-
tion of such method imperative upon the manufacturers of
proprietaiy .iruele-*, anil upon stamps of a nominal value
exceeding twenty-five cent* each.
The Secretary read the eighth section, as fol-
lows :
Sue. 8. And he it further enacted, That on and after the
passage of this act, any peison or persons owning or pos-
sessing oi having the care or management of any canal
company or canal navigation or slack-wafer corporation, or
turnpike companies, being indebted for any sum or sums
ot money for winch bonds or other evidences of indebted-
ness have been issued, payable in one or more year-: after
date, upon which interest" is, or shall be, stipulated to be
paid, oi coupons representing the interest, shall be or shall
have been issued to be paid ; and all dividend- in scrip or
money, or Minis of money, thereafter deelaied due or pay-
able to stockholder of anj canal navigation or slack-water
or turnpike company as part of the earnings, profits, or
gams of said companies, thai! bo subject to and pay a duty
of three per cent, on the amount of all such interest, or
coupons, or dividend*, whenever the same shall be paid;
and said canal companies, or canal navigation, or slack-
watei corporations, or turnpike companies, or any person
or persons owning, possessing, or having the care or man-
agement of any canal company, or canal navigation oi slack-
water corpoiation, Oi turnpike company, are hereby au~
thoti/.ed and lequired to deduct and withhold from all pay-
ments made to any peison, persons, or party, after the 1st
day of July, as aioie-aul, on account of any intcicst, or
coupons, or dividends duo and payable, as aloicsaid, the
said duty or sum of three per cent.; and the duties de-
ducted, as al'oiesaid, and ceitifipd by tiie president or other
proper oflKtr of said company or corpoiation, rshali be a
leceipt mid di-chai^'"1, accunling to the amount thereof, o!
said canal companies, or canal navigation, or slack-watei
cotporations, oi turnpike companies, and the owners, pos-
bCt-or^j ;uul agent's theicof, on dividends and on bonds nr
other evidences of then mdebtedno-s upon wnich interest
oi coupon- ate payable, holden by any portion oj paity what-
-oevci,and a list or leturn sdmll be made and tendered
within thnty da>-; after tiie time fixed when said interest
or coupons or dividends become uue oi payable, and as often
as every six month*, to the Connms^otK-! of Internal ilev-
enue, which shall contain a true and faithful account of the
duties, received and chargeable, as aforesaid, during the
time when sucii duties have accrued or should aeciue, and
remaining unaccounted for; and theie shall be annexed to
every such list or return a declaration, under oath or af-
firmation, in manner and form as may bo proscribed by the
