THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
WGtfrsr vessel used for the purpose of distilling spirituous
liquors.
Anil in line fourteen to strike out "spirituous
or."
*t!he amendment was agreed to.
The fourteenth section was read, as"follows:
Sec. 14, J3i)d be it further enacted. That every incorpo-
rated bank, orotlwr bank legally authorized to fsiie notes
Recirculation, which shall n«gicctor omit to make divi-
dends or additions to its sutplus or contingent funds as often
itsDtice In six months, shall, in lieu thereof, make returns,
Sfrider onih, to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, on
the 1st days of January ami July in each year, or within
thirty days thereafter, of the amount ot profits winch have
Accrued or been eatned and received by said bank during
Ok* s*ix moutlis next preceding said Istdaysof Januaiy and
-July; and, at the time of making such icumin, shall pay to
the Commissioner of Internal Kevefiue a duty of three'per
<*ent- On such piofits, and shall bo subject to the piovisions
of the eighty second section of the act to which this is an
addition: Profidcrf, That the return (orthel*t ot Januaiy,
JS63, shall be made within thirty days after the passage of
this act.
The Secretary read the fifteenth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec 1.5. .2?albeit farther enacted, Tii.it the several as-
sessors shall, on the fn ^t Monday ol May next, and on the
first Moud.i> of May in each succeeding year, direct and
cause the seveial assistant asses>om lo proceed through
every part of their respective districts, and inquite aitei
and concerning all pm-am- bein<4 witiun the as-os-mont dis-
tricts where they respectively reside, and liable to license
duty under tiie provisions of this act orol the act to which
tiiirf i  an addition, and as^e— Mich porous as in said acts
Is required. And all license- so assessed .shall continue in
force until the 1st day ot May no\t succeeding And all
licenses Granted aftet theJKt day of May in anvvear shall
expire on the 1st day ol May lollowing, and shall'be i-sited
upon the payment of a ratable propoihou of the whole
amount of dutv imposed for such license; and each license
so granted shall be dated on the Ut day of the month m
which It is i-sMted. Pioindvd, That any person, linn, or
corporation that on the i-t day of May nevi shall hohl an
Unexpired license, shall be assessed a ratable piopoition
for the time between the expiration ol the licence and tho
1st day of May, 1BUI.
The sixteenth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 10. be if /tit ther enacted, That in any collection
district Where, in the judgment ol ihe Co mm i- .loner of I n-
ternul llevenrje, the facilities On the pioeuremcnt and dn
ttibuthm of stamped veilnni, paiehiueut.oi papei, ami ad
hcslvestamp- .nc oi .-hall he(lu-ullicicnt,the Commissionei,
As aforesaid. 1- authoi tzed to liniiish. supply, and deliver to
the coileetoi of any elicit di-triet a suitable quantity oi
amount of slumped vellum, paichmeut, oi papm, and ad'ie-
flive stamp*, without ip<pa> ment thereto), and .dialI allow
the highest late ot commission* to the collector allowed by
htw lo any other partus puteha-iug tlie mini!, and may,
In advance, icqniio ol uuysuch eolh ctot a bond, with suf-
ficient sureties to an amount equal to the value of any
Stamped veil tun, patch meat, or pa pot, and adhesive stamps
which may bo pi.iced in his hand* and leuttiin unaccounted
for, conditioned tor tile taithlul icliitn, whenever .,o ie-
iiu-ireil, of all quantities oi amount-- undisposed o|, and for
the payment, monthly. o| all quantities or amounts sold or
not remaining on hand And it shall In; tin* duty of such
collector to supply his deputies wuh, oi ^ell to other parties
witttfu Ins district who may make applications theiefor,
stamped vellum, piuchnien!,or paper, and adochivestamps
upon ihe same term* allowed by law, or undei the fe^ula-
uons of tlie Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who is
ik'ichy authorized to make such ollu i lvgtihuintH, not (n-
Coim-lent herewith, mr ihcseeutily of ihe t'uih.l States
and the heiim aecoaimodatiou of the public In relation to
the matters heicmbcioir mentioned  s lie may judge neces-
sary and expedient: I'toridcd, That no ni-ttument, docu-
ment, or papet madi , M^ned, or 1—ne<| prioi to the 1st day
of June, A. l>. l.^'M, without beimr duly stamped, or having
fhereon uu adhesive stamp to denote the duty imposed
thereon, shall lor that eatcc be d< < mi d invulul .uid of no
effeel: v-/n7^rorn/r'/,'i'hat no 111.-1 rument, document, wiii-
liiKsor p:ipei, inquired by law to lie -tamped, signed, or
J*sm>d, with<ntt hein^ duly ^tamped prior to tlie dav atore-
wud, or any eo>>y tiiere<if, v (mil be admitted or u-ed a< cvl-
deuc - in any court until a lcj al stamp 01 sjainp- denoting
the amount of dun dun ired tliercmi -dial I have been allKeii
IlKjrctoor mt rl ihei eon, and flic initials oi the pei.-ons usuiii
or ttdixin^ the same, together with the d! re when tiiesame
H so used or aiRted, shall ini\e been placed thetcou hv
Mich person. And the person de-iinn; to u-c any such in-
strument, (ioeiiinent, wiitm^'. or paper a* evidence, or his
agent or attorney, is authoii/.ed, in the pre.-ence ol the
coarf, to frtaiup the j^ame as heictofore piovided by law.
The seventeenth section was read, as follows:
Snc. 17. -On-! be il further eiucHed, That, in addition to
the compensation now allowed to coliectoi- for their set-
viee-2, nad ilia! ot th< ir tb putic-,thcie shall he allowed the
fuitlicr oomtui—ion ol one tenth of one per cent, upon all
sums collected ov< 1 the sum of §400,000 in any one veai,
and then nece-.au and leasonahle charges I01 postage act-
ually paid on l.'ttms and documents i«-c«'ivfid or ,md
cxeftHvcly ndatiuir to otHcial business: Prowled, That m
calculating the conum-Mou* oi collectors of internal icve-
liue in dutiR'ts win nee di-tillcd spoilt aic shipped to he
Kold in other di<tricl- in pui'su tne.-ol the proviMotis of sec-
f ton lot fv -six of the act to wnicjh tin- act is an amoudmeut,
tin- amount ot duties due on the qua mi 13 ofspint" so shipped
shall In, adiied Jo the prtneipal on which ihe commissions
of such collector- me calculated, and a cone-ponding
amount sha1) he deducted (roni the principal -urn on which
tfoe commi—ion< oftJjo collectors in thcdisfricts to which
mch'spirit- arc chipped rtrecaleulated: Piocidcd, however,
Ti>at the salary of no collector shall exceed $10,000.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out all after the word " allowed," in line three to
the word " their," in line six; and in line nine, to
strike out "provided that," and insert "and;"
and in line twelve to strike out4< section forty-six
of;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That, in addition to
the compensation now allowed to coliectoi.- for their ser-
vice^ and that of their deputies, there shall bfi allowed
their necessary and reasonable charges for postage actually
paid on letters and documents received or sent, and exclu-
sively relating to official buMnet>s; and in calculating the
commissions of collector!! of internal revenue in districts
whence distilled spirits arc shipped to be sold in other dis-
tricts, in pursuance of the provisions of the act to which
tins act is an amendment, the amount of duties due on the
quantity ot s-piiits so shipped shall be added to the princi-
pal on which the commission-" ot -uch collector-! are cal-
culated, and a corresponding nmou nt shall be deducted fiom
the principal sum on winch the commissions of the collect-
ors m the districts to which such spirits are shipped are
calculated: Provided, hoioevcr^ That the sahuy ot no col-
lector -shall exceed $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The eighteenth section was read, as follows:
Skc. 18. .Ind be it further evaded, That it shall be the
duty of the Comini-sioner oflnternal Revenue to pay over
to the Ti en*mret of the United States monthly, or oftener
if lequticd by the Sccretaiy of the Tieasuiy, all public
moneys which mav come into In- hands 01 po-scsston, for
which the Trca&mer shall give ptopcr leeeipts and keep a
faithtul account, and at tin; end ol each month the Com-
mtsMoucr, as aforesaid, shall render true and faithful ac-
counts of all public moneys received or paid out, or paid
to the Tiea-urer of the United States, exhibiting piopcr
voucheis therefor, and the same shall be received and ex-
amined by the Filth Auditor of the Treasury, who -hall
theieaiter certify the balance, if anv, and transmit tho ac-
count*, Willi the voueheisand certificate, to the First Comp
trollei lor hi- decision theieon ; and the t'onuni^ioncr, a 
afotc«aid, when such accounts arc settled as herein pro-
vided lor, shall transmit a copy thereof to the tfecietary of
theTreasmv. lie shall at -til tunes submit to the Secie-
tarv of Ihe Treasmy and the Comptroller, or either of thorn,
the inspection of nionejs hi his hand-, and -hail, pnor to
the entering upon the duties ol otlice, execute a bond,
with snfhcicnt suretu;-, to be approved by the Set ictary 01
the Tiea-m v and by the Pu-t Com pit oilei, in a sum of not
le-s than .>'10(1.000, payable to the Hinted States, condi
tioned that -aid Coimm—loner shall laithtuiiy peitonn the
duties o| ln> office aeconluiif to law, and «hnll ju-tly and
faithtully a< count An and pay ovet to tae United Staler, in
obedience to law and in compliance With the otder or regu-
I Uiou- ot the Si-cietary ot the Ttca-ury, all public moneys
which mn\ come into hi- hands or possession, and for the
safe-keeping and taithfnl account of all stamps, adhesive
stamp-, 01 vellum, paichmeiu, or paper bcin ing a stamp de*
noiunr any duty tiiereon; which bond shall be Sled in the
office ol the First Compttoller of the Tica-tity, and such
Commisstonci shall, trom time to tune, rctiew, strengthen,
and mc«ca«5<> hi<4 official bond a-nhe Secrclatyof thcTreas-
nty may direct,
The nmeteenth section was next read, as fol-
lows:
Skc. K>. .7a? be it furfket eiuivtcd. That the I're-njent
"hall appoint tn the Depaitment of the 'l'ie,i-m\. by and
wtth the advice and eon-cut of the Senate, a competent
p 1 -on, who -hall hi- called the Depute ComniHsionei of lo
teinal Revenue, with an annual satai'y ot tf^OOO, who-hall
be chained with such dutnv in tho Huieau o| Internal Urv-
enue a- mav bo pre-eiib.-d l>\- the Sccretmv of the Tieas-
urv, or as may be requited by law, and who shall act as
Commi.ssiouer ol Internal Revenue in the absence of thai
otli(<i.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out " $3,000," in line five, and insert " £3,500;"
so as to read: u the Deputy Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, with an annual, salai y of jjr2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The twentieth scction was read, as follows:
Skc. 'in. ,2m/ be it further enacted, That the Ptc>idcm of
the United States shall appoint tn the Depaitment of the
Trcasuty, by and with tho miviee and eon-out of tin; Sen-
ate, some suitable per-on, learned in the law, who-hall act
n* A-si-tant Sohoitot of tin Tioa- uiv |)( paiimeut. wuh an
annual salai y of who shall "he chaised with such
duties as shall he pre-ciibed by the Secictaiyoi the Tieas-
uiy, or a-shall be leqnited by law ; .iml all lettct,-and docu-
ments pei tain 111" to the duties of hi* office to and from -aid
soliestoi shall be trau-nnttcd by mail tiee of postage. And
the President, a- alore-aul, may al >o appoint notexeeeding
tinee a^-i.-tant holicitois, wI.om' duties shall be to aid in the
prev< ntiou, detection, and punishinem of ir.iud^ upon the
revenue, who shall bo paid such compensation as the See-
ictaiy of the Tiea-ui} may deem ju-t and te.tson.ihle, not
exceeding ,^,500 per annum. ri'he above salaries to be paid
in the same manner as arc other expenses for collecting tlie
revenue.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
the section by striking out all after the word
"that," m line one, to and including the word
"postage," i" hue ten; by striking out "and tho
President as aforesaid," in line eleven, and in-
serting "the Secretary of the Treasury;" in line
twelve, by striking out "assistant solicitors, "and
inserting "revenue agents;" after "be," in line
twelve, inserting "under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury;" and, in line sixteen,
striking out "five hundred," after "thousand,"
so as to make the section read:
Sec 00. Jlnd be it further enacted, That tlie Secretary of
the Treasuiy may al&oappoint notexeeeding thiec revenue
agents, whose duties shall be, under the direction of tho
Sectetaiyof the Trca-ury, to aid in the prevention, detec-
tion, and punishment of frauds upon the levenue, wiio shall
be paid such compensation as the Secretary of the Treas-
uty may deem ju.-t and icasonable, not exceeding $2,000
per annum. The above salaries to be paid in the same
manner as are other expenses tor collecting the revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-first section was next read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 21. Jind be it further enaded, That the President ot
the United States he, and he is luMcbv, authorized to ap-
point, by euid with the advice and con>ent of the Senate,
a competent pcr?oit, who shall be called the ca.-hter of in-
ternal duties, with a salary ol ^0.500, who shall have charge
of the moneys icceivcd In the office of the Commissioner
of Internal Kevortue. and shall perfoim such duties as may
be assigned to his office by stud Commis-uonoi, under the
icgulations of the. JSecretaiy of the Treasury; and before
enteiing upon Ins dutie? as cashier he shall give a bond wtth
sufficient suteties, to he approved by the Sectetaiy of the
Trca-ury and by the Solicitor, that he will faithfully ac-
count foi all the moneys or other atticles ot value belong-
ing to the United States, which may come into his hands,
and perloim all the duties enjoined upon Jus office, accord-
ing to I aw and tegulattons, as aforesaid; which bond shall
be deposited with the Fust Comptrollci of the Treasury.
The twenty-second section was read, as follows:
Sec. 22. Jlml be it farther enacted, That m lieu of the pay
allowed by law, the soveial a^>esso^, I mm the date ot their
appointment, shall be allowed and paid a sahuy of $l,50C
pel annum, payable quaitcily, and in addition thereto,
where the iceoipt.s of the collection di^tnet shall exceed the
sum of $200,000, and shall not exceed the sum of .§100,000
annually, one half of one per cent, upon the e\ee-s of re-
ceipts over $200,000 ; wheio the teceiptsoi a collection dis-
trict «<hal I exceed $-100,000, and shall not exceed $80t>,000,
one fourth of one per cent, upon the excess of receipts over
$400,000; where the receipts shall cxcced $800,000, one
tenth of one pei cent, upon such excess ; and the salary of
no assessor shall in any ca-e exceed the sum of $3,500.
And the seveial assessor shall bo allowed and paid the
sum- actually e\p"iidcd lot office icnt, not exceeding the
lateof•j .">0<) p u" annum. The Ooiutm—loner oflnternal Rev-
enue, undei the ducotton ot the Sectetaiv of the Tieasuiy,
is uuthonzed to allow each a-<es.soi such clerk- as he may
deem neco-ssitiy lot the ptopci uan.-action of business, and
to fu then compensation; which shall be paid our of the
accnnng internal duties or taxes helot e the same is paid
into the Twwmy, as provided in scction one hundred and
fifteen of the act to which this adisan amendment. Such
ttssessots shall also beallowodlheirneee&saiy and teasona-
ble chaiges for postage actually paid on letters and docu-
ments iceeived 01 sent, and exclusively relating to official
business, and tor stationery and blank-books used in the
execution of their duties; and the compensation herein
specified shall be in full tor all expenses not ot bet wise par-
ttculail) authorized And a— isaant a—e-j-ois ►hall, in ad-
dition to pay and charge.- allowed In law, al-o be allowed
thou neoe—ary.uid roasouablcehaige- lor po-tage actually
paid 011 letter.- and document- iceeived 01 sent, and exclu-
sively relating to official hu-tnos^. And the Secietaiy of
the TreaMii \, on ihe 1 ecoinmendafion ot the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, is lierebj authorized to tix such ad-
ditional talc-of compon-atiou to be made to assistant as-
sessor-a- ma\ appear to be ju-t and equitable and neces-
saiy to -come the so 1 vice- of competent ami efficient men :
Proriitcd, That the Sect clary of theTtea-'Ury shall be, and
lie 1- hot eh v, authorized to fi\ -uch additional rates of com-
pensation to he made to as-essotsm tins States ol California
ami Oienon.and the Tciritoiies, as may appear to him to be
ju-t and equitable m consequence of the iji-eatei co.-t of liv-
ing and iiaveltnum tho-e States and Territoiies, and as
may, m In- judgment, be ueces-ary to secure the services of
competent and < tliuent men : Provided, fiat her, I'hat the
tatcs ol compeu-atum thus allowed shall not exceed the
iate< paid to similar officers in such States and Territories,
respectively.
Tho first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance to this section was in line sixteen, to strike
out" $3,500" and insert " $3,000;" so as to make
$3,000 the maximum of an as.s'ssor's salary.
The amendment was ugteed to.
Tlie next amendment was to strike out all after
" compensation,"in fine twenty-three,to "such"
in line twenty-six, in tlie following words:
Which .-hall bo paid out of* tho aceminif internal duties
or tavc< before the same is paid into the Treasury, as pio-
vided in soounn one bundled and fifteen of the act to which
tin- act is an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all after
" business," in line thirty-seven, to "provided,"
in line foity-two. The words to be stricken out
are:
And the Secretary of the Treasm v, on the recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, is hereby
authouzed to Ox such additional iate< of compensation to
be made to assistant assossois as may appeal to be just and
equitable and neces-aiy to secuie the services of compe-
tent and efficient men.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next ameiplment was in line forty-four,
after the#rord " assessors," to insert, " and as-
