1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
from one year to another either drinking whisky
or smoking his pipe, or traveling about, waiting
for the next year's annuities. Whenever Con-
gress shall adopt such a system as will cause the
Indian to depend upon the soil for Ins living, from
that moment forward the Indian will improve, and,
if he wishes to purchase an article of provision or
wearing apparel, he will go to work and raise his
corn or his oals or his wheat, take it to market
and sell it,as the white man does; and when that
policy shall be adopted, you will find that the
people of the States on the border will not be so
anxious to remove the Indian; because the mo-
ment the Indian labors, as the American farmer,
or the German, or the Irishman does, the objec-
tion to him is done away with.
In the list of goods this year advertised to be
distributed to the Indians—and I called the atten-
tion of the President and Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to it—are guns, rifles, powder, traps, brass
wire to make ornaments out of, files to use in mak-
ing those ornaments, paints to paint their faces
wtili; and thousands of dollars' worth of ribbons
and beads and bells have usually been given them.
The moneys are taken to purchase these articles,
and they are distributed among the Indians; and
then they cannot make themselves useful if they
would. Instead of that, they ought to have land
allowed them in severalty; and no more money
ought to be paid and no more trinkets sent to
them; but their money should be expended as a
farmer would expend his money. Let the Gov-
ernment act as a guardian for them in that respect.
Then again, in regai d to the policy of distribut-
ing goods and annuities, the honoiable Senator
from Wisconsin is entirely mistaken, so far as
the Northwest is concerned. For the last thnty
yeat s the distribution has been made to the heads
of families of goods, money, and provisions; but,
until withm a veiy few yeais, a largei amount ot
each was allowed to the chief than to the others.
Now, with rcfeience to the quantity of'land to
be granted, I am certainly actuated more by re-
gard to the benefit of Indians than of white men
in asking that it should be forty acres. It is well
known that no Indian has ever cultivated in the
North, and no Indian family, I care not how large,
ever will cultivate, over forty acres of land; prob-
ably not one in a thousand over ten acres, when a!!
the land they desiie has been plowed foi them,and
the Seed and tools fin nished ihem , and if you give
an Indian one hundred and sixty acres of hind,
and he cultivates only five, his neighborsall around
him will each want a piece—one will want a few
acres, another will want a small piece to bring (urn
to water, and so on. There will be a pressure
brought on that poor Indian that will duve him
out of the country. If you wish to leward him,
give him forty acres; that will lie a greater i ewai d
to him than one bundled and sixty acres, in my
opinion; but if honorable Sen a to is differ from me,
give him foity acies,and then expend so much
annually in the puicbaso of tools and of seed ; and,
with a view to that, I intend to propose annihei
amendment, that, instead of paying fifty dollars
to each he<id of the family, " theie shall be annu-
ally expended, for the benefit of each said Indian,
fifty dollars." I do not propose tu pay them any
money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senate, with reference toihis matter, what 1 pro-
pose to do. 1 piopust to move to stuke out the
fn st section, winch declares 1 these treaties to be
abrogated and annulled. There is no need of oui
doing that, and we are not yet, in my judgment,
sufficiently in possession of the facts. It ther" is
a part, although a considerable part, of a tube
that ha's made wat against the United States, so
far as they are individually concerned, if they anted
on then own authority, they ought not to be paid,
but it does not follow that those who have not
made war upon the United States, who have been
peaceable, should also be depiived of then- legal
right to call upon the United State*, for then shaie
of these annuities. We do enough to meet the cast
in the second and subsequent sections of the bill;
we provide, on the statement of fact* as we under-
stand it- that we will take two thirds of these an-
nuities and appropriate them, as we have a light
to do by existing laws, for t he benefit of those who
have b'-en inpned by these Indians. What is the
use of annulling the treaties now? We can annul
those treaties at any time when we get sufficiently
in possession of the facts to authorize us to doit;
and nothing is gained for this bill or for the pay-
ment of these damages to the people of Minne-
sota by annulling the treaties, because we are all
the time in possession of the money. Then, again,
we obviate another difficulty. One third of this
money is left in the hands of the United States.
We propose to make a present to those Indians
who have distinguished themselves by their good
conduct, to give them some land; and we may
also give them agricultural implements, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Rice.] I am very much inclined to agree with
him, because I know he has had a great deal of
experience in dealing with Indians, and I am dis-
posed to defer to him in these matters.
If we strike out the first section of this bill, wc
lose nothing so far as rcgaids paying the people
of Minnesota; wc let the treaties stand, and we
then appropriate, from year to year, just precisely
what we see fit, and as long as we see fit, for the
benefit of the people of Minnesota out of that fund,
and the residue we retain in our hands to use for a
reward to the faithfulness of these tribes of In-
dians. Then we avoid the difficulty of beginning
a system of pensions. Wc have no more right to
pension an Indian than we have to pension a white
man. There is serious doubt as to the propriety
of our ever having commenced a system of pen-
sions, but it wo.s begun, and I suppose will be con-
tinued. We have, however, always confined our
pensions to those who have suffered m the mili-
tary service of the United States. We do not pen-
sion anybody for good conduct. A man may do
the most gallant action, he may do the greatest
good to the human race in this country, and yet
we never think of giving him a pension. We will
not suffer the introduction of the system of pen-
sions in the civil service into oui plan of govern-
ment, and we can no more begin it for good con-
duct in an Indian than wc can begin it for good
conduct in a white man. The thing is dangerous,
and I am opposed to the very first step in that di-
rection, let it be on what pietense it may. But,
at the same time, we can leward these men; we
can give them a piece of land, as much us the Sen-
ate may deem advisable; and we may also give
them something in the shape of personal articles
for their benefit out of this fund, which in reality
is forfeited to us and subject to our use. 1 give
i notice, therefore, that I shall move to strike out the
; first section, and also to strike out the provision
I giving pensions. As to the amount of land I will
' not profess to gi\ e an opinion, but would confoi m
| my judgment to that of those who certainly know
! more about it than I do.
Mr. HARLAN. I concur with the Senasoi
ft r>m M niiiesot;i in leferencc to his suggestion with
relation to the money to be paid to the Indian*. I
think that provision has ciept into the bill mad-
1 vertently. The committee ai e of opinion that no j
i more money should be paid to the Indians; that J
i whatevershali be paid to them hereafter should be |
| paid in pioperty. In reply to his fust statement, ;
' however, that white people would crowd on those ;
Indians and attempt to thiow them out of their ,
land, I would merely call his attention to the last I
clause of the eighth action, which says thdt: !
The land so  ct apait -hall nor he -abject to am tax,
fori 01 tin e, ui --all-, l>> pioee— <>t law. and -hall not hi aliened '■
oi dcvi-ed, except I>v the eon-cut o|' the i'lesidenl ot the ;
Unit-d fcriate-, hut-hall be an inheritance to said Indians ;
. and then hen- loievcr. !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend from i
Iowa will ailow me to suggest that that provision '
was in the House bill, and we copied that portion ,
of the section fi om the bill as it passed the House
of Il-'pi eseuiativ ' s. ,
Mi. HARLAN. In relation to the pension of;
fiftj dtdlai s? !
; Mi DOOLITTLE. Y«-Bf sir. It was notvrry
■ pai ucu! trlv passed upon by the commute.
Mr. HAULAN. I will cheeifully vote for that
part of the Senator from Minnesota'b amendment,
1 v  hicii pi o\ides fo i giving goods in lieu of a pai-
• sion. That is t i^ht.
; Mi. 1UCC. They m^y not be allowed to sell
the land; but :h"y mi'Jit as w-.-ll sell the land as
■ be di 1 \en off it by leason of the annoyanc< s to
which tiny will be sunp:(t. Aheady theie aie
< petition^ In te against giantniLC them lauds in the
, State of Minnesota. The citizens are opposed to
j )i, and they have sent petitions agamstit. MJny
j p:iners in the State have objected to that provision
< of the bill allowing them lands. I want the amount
as large as will be necessary for the Indians, bufe
not so large as to mducc others to wrong the In*
dians for the purpose of driving them off.
Mr. HARLAN. I call the Senator's attention
to the fact that this bill does not provide that the
land shall be awarded to the Indians within the
State of Minnesota.
Mr. RICE. I am aware that.
Mr. HARLAN. It is merely that they shall
be entitled to so much of the public lands, and that
discretion will of course be exercised by the Sec-
retary of the Interior with reference to the wishes
of the people of Minnesota. What is the ques-
tion now ponding, Mr. President?
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The question is on
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment is to strike
out a part of ihe eighth section. I suppose it is
in order to amend the text of the section before
that motion is put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out may be amended.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to stuke out the
word " themselves," in line fiveof the eighth sec-
tion, and to insert " himself."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none, and the section is so modified. The
question now recurs on the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I can, perhaps, obviate the objec-
tions raised by proposing that the grants shall be
tracts ofeighty acres. I move, therefore, to strike
out "one hundred and sixty " and insert "eighty "
before the woid " acres" in the fouith line of the
eighth section. That will, perhaps, suitthe views
of Senators better.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to strike out
these woids in the sixth, seventh, nnd eight h lines
of the eighth section, " and there shall be annually
paid to each of said Indians so long as he or she
may live, the sum of fifty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out all of the
firsi section after the enacting clause, and to insert:
That no pomon of -aid moneys or annuities whether th< y
have alicadv oi shall herealier become duo and payable,
bhall he paid to either oi the said hands of indua*, lair thfi
•same shall lie and they heiebv are foifelted to the United
States for the cause aloiesawl.
I find upon examination that the treaties with
these bands of I ndmns, convey to the United States
very important tracts of land; and it does not seem
to me to be desirable to abrogate the treaties which
do thus secure to the United States tracts of land,
and that we can arrive at thesame cud which we
desire by forfeiting the annuities for the cause
stated in the preamble, and letting the treaties
stand. That I think is more desirable. It avoids
a very important question.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suggest to the Senator
fiomNew llampshne to include m his amend-
ment the woids " and then lights to thai present
lesei vations." We have another bill which pro-
post s to re move them.
Mr. CLAltK I find that those rights do not
accrue undei these tieatns. I suppose they have
them by occupancy, and we can treat them as we
do a hostile imtion and take (hem fiom them.
Mr. WILKINSON. There are some subse-
quent treaties that fix their present tenervations.
Mr. CLARK. They are not in the two tiea-
ties before me.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is another bill,
that in relation to the removal of these Indians,
which wiU, perhaps, reach the case that I have
suggest* d to the benatoj from New Hampshire.
There is one thing tii r will have to be done, or
then will betiouble. The ugh ts of these Indians
to their reservations in Minnesota must be for-
fi ited. The people of that State will never con-
sent that the Indians shall lemam theie, and the
Govei n ineui of the Ututed State-- will have to drive
the white p' o[i|e out of tfiut Suite in order to pro-
fit the Indians and keep them there. Ouisarea
reasonable people, but they are somewhat determ-
ined on this point. The Congie>s of the Urn ted
States may just as well admit the true condition
of things now as hereafter. The Indians cannot
remaiuin Minnesota, if they remain the white
people will have to be driven out. I ask—as << e.rU*
