1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
settle the whole matter of removing the Indians
from their reservations, before we make any sort
of provision for them. I am willing to take that
matter up on the Senator's bill when it comes be-
fore us, not now.
Mr. WILKINSON. "When the committee of
which the Senator from Maine is at the head brings
before us propositions which have been carefully
and laboriously investigated by that committee, 1
think he regards the Senate as in duty bound to
pay some little respect to the action of his com-
mittee. It has been my observation that he some-
times becomes a little sensitive when objections are
made to his particular measures. Now, it seems
a little strange that the Senator from Maine and
the Senator from New Hampshire should take
this whole question out the hands of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs—aqucstion on which that
committee has been deliberating for more than
three weeks. The committee has settled on a
pioposiuon; and it seems a little strange that these
Senators should wish to take it out of the hand.-,
of the committee, and not trust what it has done.
The committee has provided for these very In-
dians. This bill provides for their settlement, and
the other bill, which will be brought forward in a
short time, provides for their removal. The two
propositions have been agreed on after as careful
and laborious an investigation as the committee
knew how to give.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator refer
me to that part of this bill which provides for their
settlement?
Mr. WILKINSON. The eighth section that
we are talking about provides for settling some
of the Indians that have been friendly, and have
been protecting the lives of the white people, and
in the other bill 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not say " in the
State of Minnesota."
Mr. WILKINSON. It refers to those Indians
who arc named at the commencement of the bill,
and who are Minnesota Indians—Indians of the
very tribes that have been committing these dep-
redations. It seems to me that the Senator from
Maine and also the Scnatorfrom New Hampshire,
might trust a little to I he investigations of the Com-
mittee on Indian Allans.
Mr. RICE. There is a misapprehension here
upon the part of some Senators, but it is not their
fault probably. There is a bill which has been
reported from the committee, making piovisio*i
for these Indians, pro\ id tng homes for them else-
where, and providing foi their removal, and winch
J think ought to have been acted on first. It is
important, however, that something should be
done immediately to quiet th^ peopl" of Minne-
sota. The reservation the Indians now ha\c is
very peculiarly situated; it is fiom one hundred
and fifty to two hundred miles long, and only ten
miles wide, running through the cnnei of the State,
bounded on one side by a navigable stream, and
with white settlers all ground it; and it is as much
as the executive and military authorities have been
able to do up to this time to keep the citizens from
molesting the Indians. It is to the interests of the
Indians, and mure for the interest of the Indians
than the citizens, that something should be done
to quiet the feeling now existing there, so tlu i
those Indians may be safe during the short tnrr;
they have to temain m the State.
Mr. CLARK. I dislike to trouble the Sennie;
but, perhaps, I shall be pardoned foi saying a
word or two in answer to what has fallen from
the Senator fiom Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson-.]
I have, I think, shown no disposition to inleriere
improperly with any committee of the Senate; and
if I had supposed it was necessary for me to ask
permission of the Committee on Indian Affairs
before proposing any amendment to this bill, I
certainly should have done so. 1 sathere the other
day and heard the bill read; and when if was pro-
posed to pass it without even printing it, I asked
that it might be printed. I have sat here the whole
day and I have not opened my mouth in regard
to it;, but when, on examination of these treaties,
I find that it would involve very important prin-
ciples to annul the treaties altogether, I did, with-
out venturing to ask the Senator from Minnesota,
propose an amendment; but, perhaps, he wi'd ex-
cuse me when i tell him that I notified the ehait-
nmn of the committee. I did not go around and
soeak to every member of the committee; but I
md suggest to the chairman of the committee that
there was a difficult)^ about this section, and I
showed him the amendment I proposed to make.
Now, I think I shall be excused if I was wrong in
introducing an amendment without asking the
committee, when I show that I presented it to the
chairman before I offered it.
But, sir, how does the thing stand? Here is an
amendmentof thccommittee. Iproposean amend-
ment to that. The Senator from Minnesota wants
a modification of my Amendment, which is not
exactly agreeable to me; tlua is, I do not think it
should be adopted without further consideration;
but if my amendment be adopted, it will be per-
fectly competent for him to move an amendment
to it afterwards to add the words he wants in-
serted. He need not quariel with me about it.
It is perfectly competent for him, and he can ar-
rive at it in a strictly pailiamentary way. He can
get a vote of the Senate for it if the Senate think
it right, and I shall not be very much inclined to
oppose it. I still think it is better to have that
subject presented on the other bill, and considered
together. When I vote to take away the right of
occupancy of these Indians to this land, I shall
be glad to know that other provision is made for
them, which I do not know now any further than
Senators say it may be made. It is, I presume
though, all right; but when I see the provision
that is made for them in some other place, I shall
bo willing to vote with the gentleman that they
shall go out of Minnesota, if the case requires it;
and 1 am apt to think it does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mi*. HOWARD. Ijefore the vote is taken on
that proposit'on, I desne to offer an amendment
to the same section, i.i Inn six.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the words pro-
posed to he stricken out '
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. HOW A R I). [ move to add after the word
t( nn nulledm line six, the words "so far as said
treaties or any of them purport to impose any fu-
ture obligation on the United States." 1 see the
difficulty winch has arisen m the mind of my ftieud
fiom Maine. It is, that by the absolute annul-
ment of the treaties it might happen that the title
to the lands which theyha\c ceded to the United
Suues under their treaties woald revert to the In-
dian tubes themselves, and they cease to be the
property of Uia United Slates. That appears to
be th^> diiii'Milrv in thi mind of the Senator from
Maine. I do not know whether such would be the
legui consequence of such annulment or not; but
in order to guard ujrainst it, I think we ought to
amend the section in that tespeet. If this amend-
ment which I propose shall be adopted, certainly
it will indicate that the putpose of Congiess is not
to annul the treaties as to the effect which they
have already had in transferring lands from the
Indians to the United States, but simply to relieve
the United States from all tieaty obligations to the
Indians. With that amendment, 1 shall be very
bapj >v to vote for this fu st section of the bill, ami
against the substitute for it, which is offered by the
Senator fiom New Ilompshiie.
Mi. CLARK. 1 will ceitainly vote for the
amendment of the Si nator from Michigan, be-
cause rluit is an improvement of the section as it
?_,Uinds; but would it not be better to forfeit the
annuities and let the treaties stand? The ques-
tion still arises whether yon can forfeit one part
and not the other. If you are going to touch the
treaties the difficulty may be that they may all be
gono. The same pui pose will be effected by for-
feiting the annuities without referring to any for-
feiture of the treaties. I shall, however, vote for
thr Senator's amendment, because that makes it
better than it now is.
Mi. HOWARD. I suppose that the ground on
whi-h the claim is rested for the forfeiture of the
treaties is. that these Indian tubes have made war
on ihe United ttsate* and become a belligerent
party against us, and that, therefore,und( r the laws
of war and the laws of nations the treaties have
become annulled. That principle does not apply
to every treaty, nor to every provision or* a. treaty.
The rules of international law and the rules of
war relating to such cases are very various. It
is not every treaty or every provision of a treaty
which is annulled by the occurrence of a war be-
tween the parties to it. I do not know, for I have
not read the treaties, how far the existence of war
would, of itself, annul these treaties with the
Indians; and it seems to me that if we confine our-
selves to this expression of our views, we shall go
as far as is necessary; but I do think—I must say
it very frankly—from what I have heard of the
conduct of these Indian tribes toward the people
of Minnesota, that they are"not a fit population
to be permitted to remain among that people.
They have shown a disregard of their treaties;
they have shown a spirit of cruelty and blood-
thiistiness which, in my judgment, far surpasses
any spirit heretofore shown by Indian tribesupon
this continent; and their conduct has been of such
a character as it seems to me will justify the Uni-
ted States in removing them from the midst of
that people. The people of Minnesota ought not
to be required to suffer such a class of persons to
remain in their midst as these butcherly, cruel,
and barbarous savages; and I concur entirely
with my friend from Minnesota on that subject.
If 1 were a citizen of Minnesota, if I were not re-
lieved by some action of Congress on this subject,
I should, I think, us a matter of pure self-defense
of myself and my neighbors, feel it my duty to
take an early step to remove these people from
the midst of the community in which I lived.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope that the amend-
ment which is moved by the Senator from Mich-
igan will be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I concur, also, with my friend
in hoping that the amendment may be adopted,
and it seems to me it clears the way on this spe-
cial question. I have had my doubts from the be-
ginning with regard to the first section which pro-
poses to abrogate the existing treaties, not that I
doubt the power of Congress to abrogate a treaty
either with the Iridians or with any foreign coun-
try, but because I did not fully understand the
bearings of such an abrogation; and Senators have
already let us know that if we did abrogate these
treaties unconditionally, we might find ourselves
in lekitions to these lands there cntiiely different
from what we have contemplated. I think the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan meets
the case pieciscly. It recognizes the validity of
the treaties down to our legislation; therefore all
the lands that have been transferred by virtue of
those treaties will continue in the hands which
now hold them; the titles tu them will be undis-
turbed; but for the future we shall recognize no
obligation under those treaties.
It seems to me that that is the precise point
which the Senator from Minnesota wants;and it
seems to me also that it is in harmony with the
Constitution and also with the practice of our Gov-
ernment. All treaties when made become, under
the Constitution of the United States, a part ot
the supreme law of the land; but still they may
be reached, and, under the practice of our Govern-
ment in times past, they have been reached. Our
treaties with France in the early part of our his-
I tory were reached by act of Congress. The Su-
• preme Court of the United States, 1 think,^recog-
nized t he validity of such legislation. Afterwards,
| it will be remembered, that it was proposed to affect
our treaties with Great Britain relating to Oregon
by a notice in 1846, and the proposed proceeding
. was by joint icsofiuion of Congiess.
; Mr/COLLAMER. That was in pursuance of
one of the provisions of the treaty.
I Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably it was in pur-
suance of one of the provisions of the treaty ; but
now we come to the point whether Congress can
interfere to abrogate these treaties. I assume that
a treaty with the Indians, when it has been entered
into, is on the footing of an act of Congress, which,
by the Constitution of the United States, is declared
to be the supreme law of the (and; and that it majr
be abrogated precisely in the same way in whicn
an act of Congress may be abrogated—that is, by
a vote of both Houses of Congress, of course after-
wards sanctioned by the President. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan proposes to
moderate this proposed abrogation, to confine it to
certain particulars; and in that respect it seems to
me that it comes in good time, and that it meets
the precise difficulty in the case.
Tiio amendment of Mr. Howard was acTCeti to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendmentof the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the question ia
taken on that, I propose to amend the original sec-
