518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
tiori by inserting after the word "occupancy," in
the seventh line, the words, " within the State of
Minnesota, and all;" and after the word " lands,"
in the seventh line, " and;" so that it will read:
And all lands and right? of occupancy within the State of
Minnesota, and all annuities and claims h^retofote accorded
to said Indians, or any of them, to he forfeited, &c\
Upon that subject I desire to say a word; and
I desire to address myself particularly to my friend
from New Hampshire, who has made the motion
to strike out everything in this section which looks
like a forfeiture of the Indian reservations, lwiil
say to my friend from New Hampshire that the
committee have had the facts laid before them, and,
indeed, the facts are so notorious, known to the
whole country, that they must have come to the
notice of every Senator, so that there can be no
doubt that the provision which forfeits their right
to reservations in the State of Minnesota is just
and proper.
If you look on the map of Minnesota you will
find that the Minnesota river is a navigablestream,
running first southwest from St. Paul and then
northwest from the big bend of the St. Peters, as
it is called. Upon the south bank of that river,
a strip about ten miles wide and neaily one hun-
dred miles long, is this reservation, and the white
population are settled all around it, north of it,
west of it. It runs in a northwestei ly direction.
It was the outbreak of the bands of the Indians on
the reservation, as well as parts of bands that came
from the plains, that carried such a desolating In-
dian war over the western borders of Minnesota,
as is entirely unparalleled in the history of the
United States. In the whole history of our colo-
nization, in New England, New York, Pennsyl-
vania, anywhere, there is nothing of which we can
read that bears any compauson with the real facts
as to this Indian massacre m Minnesota. Five
hundred persons at least, for the names of them
have been received, and probably eight hundred
persons have been slaughtered, massacred by these
Indians; their women taken off captive and rav-
ished tinder circumstances of brutality that makes
the blood run cold as you read the facts. Their
children have been massacred; some of them have
actually been nailed up and crucified, and found
in that condition by men who entered into some
of these dwellings. And, sir, if ever there was a
time when a people had a right to feel outraged by
a massacre committed by Indians, it is the people
of Minnesota, and I can sympathize very deeply
tn the feelings of my honoiablc friend from Min-
nesota when he says that the state of feeling of
the people «f Minnesota is such that they cannot
endme these reservations, right in their midst, of
these hostile Indians, and we may as well now
declare that their right to this reservation is for-
feited, as at any other time.
At the same time, I will agiec with my honor-
able friend from New Hampshire, who said, in
leading the geneial language of the section, that
it seejned to be too broad; it seemed to forfeit then-
rights of occupancy anywhere withm the United
States,so that they could not live anywhere. Some
of them ought not to live anywhere; but they have
women and children who, perhaps, have still the
right to live; and the general broad declaration of
forfeiting all rights of occupancy anywhere, which
may belong, under our theory of dealing with the
Indians, to the Sioux upon the plains, is going
too tai; but with the amendment which is now
offered, it confines it to the fuifeiture of ihen res-
ervation in Minnesota, which is just in the shape
to which I have called your attention, being a
narrow piece of ground upon the Minnesota river,
a navigable stream, and right in the heart of the
State, surrounded by white people. I think we
may just as well declare now that their right to
that reservation is forfeited, and then when the
bill comes up which provides the mode for re-
moving and disposingofthese Indians,and forthe
sale of this reservation to raise the means to pro-
vide for their removal, that whole subject will come
before the Senate. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment which I now offer will prevail, and
that when it prevails, my friend from NewHamp-
fihn e will be satisfied with the section as it will
then stand amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. My object in moving that
amendment, in the outset, was to avoid the objec-
tion which I suggested. If Senators prefer the
section as it now stands, I have no choice about
it; I withdraw the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as anu-nded.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. I destre to ascertain how
the first section of the bill stands, as it has been
amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Be it enacted, Ac., That all treaties heretofore made and
enn-ied into bv the Si^setmi, Wahpaton, Modawakanton.
and Wahp.ikoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians,oi any
of them, with tin* United State*, ate hereby declared to be
abrogated and annulled* f«o far said treaties or any of
tiietn purpoit to impose smv future obligation on the Uni-
ted States, and all lands, njrtiN of occupancy, annuities,
and claims hetetoloie aeeoided to said Indians, or any of
them, to bo forfeited to the United State*.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a thud time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
suspension of tub habeas corpus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
House bill No. 591, to indemnify the Pi^sident
and other persons for suspending the privilege of
the \vi it of habeas corpus.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not propose
to go on with that hill this evening?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the cnnsideiation of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spen tin executive session, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 26, 1363.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was icad and approved.
new member.
Mr. SLOAN. I rise to a question of privilege.
Hon. walterd. mcindoe, as member elect from
the State of Wisconsin, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Mr. Iianchett, is present,
and 1 ask that he be swoin in.
Mr. mcindoe presented himself at the Speak-
er's chair, and took the usual oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
service 0^t a committed.
The SPEAKER stated that the question in or-
der was the unfinished busin.-ss of Ft ulay, being
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] that he be excused from further
service on the Committee of Elections.
The motion was disagreed to.
railroads to washington.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage fiom the Piesident of the United States, trans-
mitting a joint resolution and other papers fiom
the corporate authorities of the city of Washing-
ton, m reference to the construction of'eertam idil-
mads concentrating at Washington; which were
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
contingent fund of the state department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting a statement of the contingent fund of that
Department and the balance on hand; which were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
patent office.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a report of the Commissioner of Patents
of the clerks employed m his office, the disburse-
ments, &c.; whieh weie referred to the Committee
on Patents, and ordered to be punted.
rebel property in washington.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of War, relative to certain
property heretofore seized by the military gov-
ernor of the District of Columbia, as the property
of a rebel; which was refer!ed to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and oidered to be
pi in ted.
generals not in active service.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of War, showing the ma-
jor and brigadier generals not m active service;
which was laid upon the table, and oidered to be
printed. league island.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Navy, lecom mending
an appropriation of $250,000 for a navy-yard at
League Island; whieh was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and oidered to be
printed.
army register.
Mr. McPHERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and, un-
der the rules, referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the Ai my Regis-
ter for fb>63 be punted for ihe u^e of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the regular
order of busirn ss.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the call of committees for reports
for iefe> -'nce.
Mr. STRATTON. I wish to report back from
the Committee of Ways and Means House bill
No. 663, to establish a branch mint of the United
States in the Teiritory of Nevada, and that it be
acted on at this time.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done.
Mr. STRATTON. Let it be made a special
order for Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done. The
Chair will have the rule read.
The Clerk read the 51st rule, as follows:
" On the call of report-- from committees on each alterri-
i ate Monday, which -hail commence h.-> soon a-; the Journal
! i-read, all" bills leported during the tit>t hour after the
I Journal is read shall be committed, without debate, to the
; Committee ol the Whole,and, together with their aeeom-
! panyjn? reports, printed; and if during the hour all the
I committees, arf not called, then, on the next alternate Mon-
day, the. Speaker shall commence where Mich call was
Mi-pouded . Pioiided, Th.il no lull reported under the call
on ai tern «ite Mondays and committed shall be again bionght
beloie the House by a motion to reeonsidei."
sioux indians.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee of Indian
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 613, for the
removal of certain hands of Sioux Indians, and
for the disposition of their reservation in Minne-
sota; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
winnebago indians.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the same committee, re-
potted back House bill No. 614, for the removal
of the Winnebago Indians, and for the sale of
their reservation in Minnesota foi their benefit;
winch wasieferredto theCommittee of theWhole
on the state of the Union, and, with the accom-
| panying report, ousted to be printed.
j PAYMASTERS' CLKItKS.
I Mr. McPHERSON, from the Committee on
i Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the
I petition of paymasters' clerks for increase of sal-
! ary; which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
i be printed.
j DEFENSE OF COLUMBIA RIVER.
I Mr. McPHERSON, fiom the same committee,
\ also submitted an adverse repoi t on the lesolution
to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
defense of the Columbia river and Puget's Sound;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
I1ENRY B. JUDD.
Mr. ALLEN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Henry B.
Judd, major in the United Slates Army; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
a. g. snyder.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the remuneration of Abram G.
Snyder; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
