THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGIUJSS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiiiity-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3J#1863.
New Series.....No. 92. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no danger un-
der this section, if the Senator will read it care-
fully. In the first place, it is left to the discretion
of the collector to do it, and it is to be done by
indorsement on the license; and it is provided by
the proviso that there must be a fresh entry of the
premises, at which such trade or business shall
continue to be so exercised. None of these things
could be done by any possibility if the first license
is assigned. This section is intended to meetavery
great inconvenience. People want to remove; per-
sons may be burned out,and mustgo to some other
place; and, as the law stands now, they cannot
do it. The thing is guarded as well as it can be,
and there is no sort of danger. The danger is
imaginary.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand that it is
discretionary at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly it is. It reads:
It shall ami may be lawful for th« person or persons au-
thorized to grant keens*1-, to authorize and empower, by
indorsement on such license or otherwise, as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue shall direct.
He may make the regulations. There is noth-
ing compulsory about it; and it must be indorsed
on the license. If the license has been assigned,
there can be no such indorsement unless the as-
signee wishes to remove, and he may remove as
well as anybody else.
Mr. HOWE. I respectfully submit that if it
shall be lawful for him to do it, he must do it, or
else not obey the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does not follow. It is
lawful for him to do it, but it is not made obliga-
tory; and of course he will look at the papers and
see that everything is correct, and he is to do it
under regulations prescribed by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Mr. HOWE. Of course a great many things
that are made peremptory arc done under regula-
tions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is merely permissive;
and it is in tended to meet what is considered a very
great necessity.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, if it is the opinion of
the chairman of the committee that he has guarded
against this difficulty, I will not insist on this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think it is perfectly
guarded.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the bill
on page 10, by striking out all from line two hun-
dred and thirty-two to two hundred and thirty-
five, inclusive. I believe the proviso of that clause
has already been stricken out on motion of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator not to
go into that subject. It has been thoroughly con-
sidered and debated in the committee of the House
and the committee of the Senate. It will only
make a long debate here and in the House; and
at this time of the session, if wp commence that
debate, we really cannot got the bill through. On
very great consideration it was decided to retain
this clause, and I hope the Senator will withdraw
his amendment. I saw one of the principal to-
bacco men, and he expressed himself perfectly sat-
isfied with it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator saw some manufacturer of tobacco who had
a very large amount on hand in all probability,
and he thought, this was a very good thing, I ap-
prehend he was one ot that sort.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee of Ways
and Means very thoroughly investigated it, and
after great consideration came to the conclusion
that it was necessary to make some change. We
had hours of debate on tobacco from the Senator
last session.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 wish that the hours of
debate at the last session had had a little more
influence. 1 knew it is a very easy matter for
gentleman here 
* Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that un-
der the classification of tobacco in the biII of last
year it wns ascertained that very great frauds
92
were committed, and this clause was framed with
a view to remedy that if possible; and at this late
hour We cannot undertake to go into the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment in section
one, after line two hundred and thirty-one, to
strike out the following clause:
On tobacco, cavendish, plug, twist, fine-out, and manu-
factured of all descriptions, (not including snuff, cigars,
and smoking tobacco, prepared Willi all the steins in or
made exclusively of stems,) fifteen cents per pound.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not very particular
about this amendment; but I can state to the Sen-
ator from Maine that the State of Missouri lias
paid more revenue into the Treasury already than
any State in the Union, 1 believe, except three—
New York,Pennsylvania,and Ohio. I believe the
State of Missouri, under this revenue bill of the
last session, has already paid more into tlieTreas-
ury than Indiana and Illinois put together.
The Senator says it is very wrong for me to take
up the time of the Senate in talking of an amend-
ment of this character. If that is so, I do not de-
sire to do it. L am perfectly willing that my peo-
ple shall bear this tax, and, 111 fact, that the tax
shall be doubled; but I say that this tax is unjust
in comparison to the taxes that are levied upon
other manufactures in this country. It is an oner-
ous tax; it is a burdensome tax. I know they
will stand this tax, or any other tax that may be
levied; but if it is to be increased from year to
year merely because tobacco is regarded as an ar-
ticle of luxury, it may in future entirely prevent
the manufacture of the article.
Sir, a little of the time occupied here on other
subjects, I think, ought to be accorded to me in
protecting the rights and the interests of the peo-
ple that i represent. I think it is altogether im-
proper to rush a bill of this importance through
the Senate under the idea that it, is wrong to at-
tempt to amend it because committees in the other
House and in this Chamber have considered it.
My people are. to be compelled to pay into the
Treasury of this country moie than two or three
of the great States of thc'West, with largely more
population than my Slate possesses in its present
ruined condition; and 1 am not to be pel mitted to
open my mouth to complain of such injustice, and
must not say anything on the subject. Sir, 1 am
perfectly willing to let it go,and let the people of
Missouii bear it. Thev can bear it, and they will
bear it willingly and freely; hut I say the tax is
unjust; and I enter my protest now, as I may
never be able to enter it again, against this con-
tinued inciease from year to year of this tax. It
is oppressi1. e.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only change that is
made is that the distinction of grade is abolished.
In the bill of last session some were put at ten
cents and others at fifteen cents. This puts it all
at fifteen. It was found under the old law that
nobody manufactured certain descriptions of to-
bacco woith more than ten cents, and it was all
classed at that, and great frauds were made upon
the levenuc in consequence of it. I will say that
I am informed by a gentleman of the other House
that the tobacco manufacturers and tobacco raisers
of Kentucky were perfectly satisfied with it on in-
quiring into it and ascertaining how it stood. That
is the change that has been made in reference to
it; and 1 fancy Missouii is not very much affected
by it. It maybe in the immediate locality of the
Senator. I fancy, after all, it comes out of the
consumer. I know 1 am a considerable consumer
of tobacco, and I pay just double what I did be-
fore for all i use m every shape. 1 think, tiieie-
fore, on the whole, we who use it have a light to
complain, and not the people of Missouri who
raise or manulactuie if.
Mr. POWELL. I concur in the amendment
proposed by the S"iic\for ft otn Missouii. 1 think
the honorable Senator from Alatne is mistaken
when he s.ws the tobf-eo powers and manufac-
turers of {veil!uckv are satisfied with this clause
of the btli. A3 y experience is the converse of that.
They complain very much ofthe tax as it recently
stood as being entirely too high. I think it would
be but just and equitable to put it all at ten cents',
and it would be a very high tax then. 1 know
that the tobacco interest in Kentucky have com-
plained very much to me about this tax being
excessive. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Harris, Henderson, Hicks,.
Latham, Nesmuh, I'oyvcII, Wall, and Wilson of Mis-
bouii—10
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Ctark, Ool-
lajner, Fessenden,Foot, Foster, Uaidinn, Harlan, Howard,
King, Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mori ill, Pomoroy,
Rice, Sherman, Suinner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson
Wiliey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer an amendment, to
insert after the word "time," where it last occurs
in line eighty-nine, page 21, the words, " or in-
demnity awarded for depredations and injuries bj*
certain "bands of Sioux Indians;" so that thp clause
will read:
No stamp duty shall be required on povvers of .ittor'ney
or any other papers relating to applications for bounties,
ariearnges of pay, or pensions, or to the receipt thereof from
time to time, or indemnity awarded for depredations and
injuiies by certain bands of Sioux Indians, 8tc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in as a new section:
Jiivl be it further enacted. That raw or unmanufactured
cotton, the growth or product of countries beyond the Cape
ot Good [lope, when imported from places tins side the
Cape of Good [lope, shall pay no gieuter duty than is im-
posed upim the same article when imported directly from
the place of it-; production.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be put on this bill. There is a tariff bill
coming from the House, and there will be no ob-
jection to it on that bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am afraid that bill svill not
get here this session, and the amendment is per-
fectly relevant to this bill. It is an amendment to
increase the internal revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has nothing to do with
the internal revenue.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow me
to explain, 1 think I can show that it has. Not
a ponnd of this cotton is imported now, and can-
not be imported unlessthisamendmentbeadopted.
If this amendment be adopted,upon every pound
of this cotton manufactured in this country the
Treasury will receive from three to five cents. I
think there is no possible objection to the princi-
ple of the amendment. The only objection is that
it is not relevant to this bill. I say it is relevant
to this bill because it is intended to increase the
internal revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be said ofany-
thing and everything on which we lay an import
duty in this country, if it goes into manufactures.
It applies to every other article.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the cotton
imported fiom India direct pays half a cent a
pound duty. If the same cotton is first brought to
Liverpool, and ftom Liverpool here, it pays ail
additional duty often per cent. That additional
.ten per cent, prevents its importation altogether,
because, at the present price of cotton, no mat)
can venture to order it from India, which is a four
to six months'operation; but from Liverpool,
where of that kind of cotton there is always in the
stocks from two to five hundred thousand bales,
it is only a sixty or ninety days'operation; and if
this amendment prevails, a considerable amount
of that cotton will be. imported fiom Liverpool,
and every pound that comes here will yield a very
considerable internal revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion to the thing itself in its proper place. I had
myself Home amendments drawn in referenceto
the impoits, which I wanted to put on this bill,
| but 1 was assuied by a member ofthe Committee
j of Ways and Means that they had a tariff bill all
ready,"ami that it would go through tho House
withotitany difficulty. 1 havedeferred my amend-
ments, preferring to put them on tlmt bill: anil
