1458
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
there will be no difficulty about putting this
amendment on that bill when it comes here. On
that bill, I shall have no objection to it; but I do
not like to see these matters put on here, when
everything else is deferred. I hope, therefore, the
Senator will withdraw theamendment on this bill.
Mr, ANTHONY. I have very different in-
forniation from the Senator from Maine. A mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means told
me that in the present temper of the House he
thought it was very doubtful if a tariff bill would
come to us this session. This is a matter of very
great importance to the industry and revenue of
the country. If a tariff bill was here, I would
prefer to put it on that; I do not deny that it would
be more relevant on a tariff bill; butl say itis not
irrelevant to this bill; and I very much desire
that it should not be lost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENbEN. Rather than luive any
time wasted, I will make no sort of objection to
havingit put on the bill, if the Senator insists on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again on the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring: in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. Does any Senator de-
sire a separate vote on any of the amendments?
Mr. LATHAM. I desire a separate vote on
theamendment in line two hundred and fifty-seven
of section one, increasing the duty on clothing
from one to three nor cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted. Does any Senator desire
any further exception >
Mr. POWELL. I desite a separate vote on
each of the amendments.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The question
will be taken separately on each of the amend-
ments.
The first amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was, on page 3, line sixty-one, to in-
sert, after the word " taverns," the words" the
words."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 7, lines one
hundred and fifty-five and one hundred and fifty-
six, to strike out the words "or any person."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 8, line one
hundred and seventy-two,after the word " pay,"
to insert the wordy " twenty dollars;" in line one
hundred and seventy-throe, to strike out the words
"the amount required in this act for license to
retail dealers;" in line one hundred and eighty-
two, to strike out, the words " retail dealer m
liquors or as a;" and in line one hundred and
eighty-three, to strike out the words " beverages
or."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 9, line one
hundred and eighty-eight, after the word " bar-
ter," to insert the words the words;" in line two
hundred and fen, after tho word " each," to insert
the words " the words;" and in line two bundled
and nine,after the word " process," to strike out
the following words:
And by hwiting after the word- '• tanned calf McIm-,5'
si k cents each. the words : "Provided* That deacon skins
shall bo subject to aud pay a duty of only tlnee cents each,
anything lo the contrary notwithstanding."'
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 10, line two
hundred and thirteen, after the word " duties," to
insert the word 1' or;" and after the word "duty,"
to insert the words "on the articles hereinafter
mentioned m this section."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment wag to strike out in lines
two hundred and sixteen, two hundred and seven-
teen, and two hundred and eighteen the following
words: " on steam engines of all descriptions, in-
cluding marine engines and locomotives, one and
one helf per cent, ad valorem;" and insert in lieu
thereof: "on marine engines three per cent, ad
valorem."
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask for a division on that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. It will only
take up time.
Mr. TEN EYCK. i withdraw the call.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and eighteen, after the word " rivets," to insert
the words "exceeding one fourth of an inch in
diameter," and strike out the comma after "iron,"
in the same line; so that the clause will read: "on
rivets, exceeding one fourth of one inch in diam-
eter, nuts, wrought-iron railroad chaiis,and horse-
shoes, two dollars per ton."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out lines two
hundred and forty-nine and two hundred and fifty
and two hundred and fifty-one, as follows:
On ready-made clothing or articles of dress lot men's,
women's, or children's wear, not including hats, caps, or
bonnets, one per cent, ad valorem: Piocided, That.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 11, line two
hundred and fifty-seven, after the words "duty
of," to strike out "one," and insert " three."
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays
on concurring in that amendment. It proposes to
increase the duty on clothing from one to three
per cent. It is entitely too high.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will not
call for the yeas and nays, I will give it up and
thus save trouble about it.
Mr. LATHAM. I consider three par cent,
entirely too high. If, however, the chairman of
the committee will give up the amendment 1 shall
be very much obliged to him, and shall withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
amendment and the clause repotted, so that we
may see what it is befoic I consent.
The Secretary read the amendment, on page
] 1, line two hundred and fifty-seven, to strike out
" one,".and insrrt "thrce;"so that thecluuse will
read:
Tailors, boot and shoemaker, mrlliner«\aud dressmakeis,
inakm<r elofhmjr oi hi tides of dressJoi men'-, women3*, ot
eliildtrnV wcat, to oidei <1-5 cu-tmii-vvoik, ami not tor ?ale
«reneiallj, shall, to the amount ol s>'l,000, be exempt fioin
duty, aud I'm any excess beyond the amount ol $1,1)00 shall
pay".1 duty of tbiee per cent, ad valowm :
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that
amendment being 1 ejected.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was 011 page 12, line two
hundred and se\enty, after the wuid " iron," to
insert the words " exceeding ten pounds in weight
for each casting;" so that the clause will rend:
On castings of iion exceeding ten pound* in wight, for
each casting, not oiheiwiso piovided for in tins act,or in
the act to which this act is an amendment, $1 .">U pci ton.
Theamendment was concurred 111.
The next amendment was on page 17, section
four, lines two and three, after the woid "coin,"
to strike out the words "of the United States,"
and to insert the words "or bullion."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section four, to
strike out all after line three to the word "theie-
; of," in line fifteen, as follows:
I'pon tlie collatejal seemity ol said rem for the icpny-
11 lent oi'nnv such loan, thall he in writing oj punted, signed
by the pat tie-; or then agents or attoiuoj s ; ami if said con-
tiaet is to he pcriotmed withm three da\ shorn the {[ate
llieieof, said eonti.iet shall beni one or mme adhesive
; stumps a-, piovided 111 the net to winch this is un amend-
ment. equal in amount to one fourth of one p<li cent of the
amount of the contiaet. winch amount -tiaii be e-tmiated
by the lawUU cnrienej of the United Slate.- ; and if f-aid
: eontiaet is not to he pej formed within three days, or shall
not be pei101 med within three da) s, then -aid contract shall
bear .-aid stamp or stamps 10 an amount equal to one per
cent. Uieteoi.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Soeuicd by pledge or depo-it 01 other disposition ot gold
or siivei coin oi the rmTed States, if to tie pertoimcd aftei
a petiod exceeding thiee days, -hall be in wnting01 printed,
and signed by the pailie- or their agents 01 attomejs. and
••shall have one or moie adhesive -tamps,a>provided in the
act to winch tins is an amendment, equal in amount to one
hall ot one percent., and interest at the 1 ate of six per cent,
pet annum on the amount <0 loaned, pledged, 01 deposited.
•\nd it any sue h loan, pledge, <>t deposit, made tor a period
not exceeding thice day*, shall be n-newed or m any way
extended tor any time whatever, said loan, pledge, 01 de-
posit, shall be subject to the duty imposed on loans ex-
ceeding three days. Aud 110 loan of euireney or money on
the seeuiity of gold 01 silver com of the United States, as
afoiesaid, or of any certificates or other evidence of de-
posits payable in gold or silver coin, shall be made exceed-
ing in amount the par value of the coin pledged or de-
l posited as security; and any such loan so made, or at-
tempted to be made, shall be utterly void: Provided, That
if gold or silver coin be loaned at its par value, it shall be
subject only to the duty imposed 011 other loans.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 19, line thirty-
eight, to strike out the words " shall be;" in line
forty-two, to strike out the words " shall be;" in
line fifty, after the word " dollars," to strike out
the words " shall be;" in lino fifty-one, after the
word " vessel," to insert " or any part thereof,"
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 27, seel ion
twelve, after the word "aforesaid," in line eigh-
teen, to strike out the following words:
And wherever duties have been paid upon beer, lager
beer, ale, 01 portei, contiaiy to the provisions hetem con-
tained, and satisfactory pioof shall be furnished to the as-
sessor, as hereitibefoie mentioned, the facts and papers in
relation theieto shall be transmitted to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue ; and if tound coireetby him he i.= here-
by authorized, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Tieasury shall prescube, to refund and p.iy to the proper
paities the amount ofduties thus collected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 28, section
twelve, line forty-thtoe, to strike out the words
" twentieth section of."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 29, section
thirteen, line two, after the word "liquors," to
strike out the words "and any owner of a still,
boiler, or other vessel used for the purpose of dis-
tilling spirituous liquors, or the agents or superin-
tendents thereof;" in line eight, after the word
" liquors," to strike out the words " nor owner,
agent, or superintendent of any still, boiler, or
other vessel used for the purpose of distilling spir-
ituous liquors;" and in line fourteen, to strike out
the wotds " spirituous or."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 33, section
seventeen, line three, after the word "allowed,"
to strike out the words " the further commission
of one tenth of one per cent, upon till sums col-
lected over the sum of §400,000 in any one year;"
in Itne nine, to strike out the words "provided
that," and to insert the word "and;" and in line
twelve to strike out the words " section forty-six
of;" so that it will read:
That, in addition to the compensation now allowed to
collectors for their services and that of then deputies, there
j-hall be allowed their necessary and reasonable charges for
postage actually paid on letteis aud documents leceived
or sent and exclusively leiattng to official business, and In
calculating the commissions of collectors of internal reve-
nue in di-tiicts whence distilled spmts are shipped to be
i sold 111 other districts in pm-uanee of the piovisions of the
act to which ibis is ail amendment, See.
'Die amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 35, section
nineteen, line five, to strikeout " §3,000,"and in-
sert "£2,500;" so as to make the salary of the
Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenue $2,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 35, section
twenty,line one, after the word "that," to strike
out the following words:
The President of the United States shall appoint 111 the
Department ot the Tieasury, by and with the advice and
consent ol the Senate, some suitable person, learned in the
law, who shall act as Assistant Solicitor of the Treasury
Department, with an annual salary of $0,500, who shall be
chatged with such duties as shall be proscribed by the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury, 01 a- shall be required by law, and
all lettcis and documents peitaining to the duties of his
office to and iiom said Solicitoi shall be tiansmittedbymail
free of postage. And.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 36, section
twenty, line eleven, to strike out the words "Pres-
ident as aforesaid," and insert the words "Secre-
tary of the Treasuryin line twelve to stiike
out the words "Assistant Solicitors," and insert
the words "revenue agents;" in the same line,
after the word "be," to insert the words "under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury;"
in line sixteen to strike out "five hundred."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 37, section
twenty-two, line sixteen, to strike out the words
" two thousand five hundred" and insert " three
thousand," as the limit of the salary of an assess-
or; in line twenty-three, in relation to the clerks
of assessors and their compensation, to strike out
the following words:
Whichshall be paid outol the accruing internal duties or
taxes before the same are paid into the Treasury, as provided
