1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
soul. And from the hour of my liberation up to this
moment, where I stand upon this floor, the repre-
sentative of a sovereign State, I have been unable
tole.arn whatthose chaiges are. I havejfivain de-
manded of the proper Department what were the
charges against me, claiming the freeman's con-
stitutional privilege "to he informed of the nature
and cause of the accusation, and to be confronted
with the witnesses against me." Great heavens!
Mr. President, is it possible that such things can
be, under a Constitution whose boast it has been
that it was for the protection of the inalienable
rights of men against, oppression ? If this boast
has been in vain, then, sir, that Constitution has
but a name to live, an outer seeming to beguile
and deceive, a Sodom apple, a hectic flush—
"Painting the check upon which it preys.''
The liberty I claim, and those who act with me,
under that Constitution, is not the liberty of li-
centiousness; it is the liberty united with law;
liberty sustained by law; and that kind of liberty
we have always supposed wasguarantied to every
man, rich or poor, high or low, proud or humble,
under all exigencies, whether in peace or war, and
whether that war is foreign,or the State is in the
fearful throes of civil strife. This is my loyalty
and that of my political friends on this floor—the
allegiance, the devotion to organic laws. 1 know
no otheY loyalty, and I will not bow myself at the
shrine of any other. In this Republic, Us Consti-
tution declares:
" No citizen shall be deprived of his hie, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due piocesj? of law."
He may be made to part with all three by the
posver of the State; but that power must look well
to it, sir, that in its exercise it does not transcend
the limits in which it i? appointed it to move. If it
does, it becomes despotic; and then, among men
who know their rights, and knowing dare main-
tain, resistance follows as naturally as light suc-
ceeds to darkness. If by a simple mandate, nay,
by the lightning flash over the telegraph wire, of
any Cabinet officer, in States where the people are
loyal, and where the courts of law are open, you
or I may be torn from oui homes and consigned for
an indefinite tim<> to the gloomy walls of a Govern-
ment fortress, the same mandate or dispatch, only
aiiered in us phraseology, may consign us im-
mediately to the hands of the executioner, ov de-
prive us of ourproperties, confiscating them to the
State. Ifnot, why not? Therighttohaveourhves
secure against interference without due process of
law is equally guarantied in the same clause which
protectsourlibertvand our property. These priv-
ileges can trace their lineage back to the grassy
lawns of Runnymede, where they were born more
than six hundred years ago. They were extorted
then and there by the rebellious barons, and uttered
jn glowinglauguage that lias comedown to us from
the ages long ago, and is still sounding in our ears
as the sweetest note that ever came from the sil-
ver clarion of fieedotn. Listen, Senators, to the
music, strong arid sweet as it sounded in the sol-
emn midnight centuries ago:
" No freeman shall be seized or imprisoned, ordu> eized,
or outlawed, ot in am way de-tioyed ; nor will we go upon
him or send upon hun. except hy the judgment of hi? peers,
or the Jaw of the land."
Our fathers caught the inspiring stiain, and it
was prolonged in that sonorous sentence in ourown
once glorious Constitution: " no person shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law;'' "due piocess of lasv," the law
which hears before it condemns, and punishes
only after conviction.
Mr, President, every arrest made during the
reign of terror by the President or his subordinates
was in direct antagonism to this fundamental prin-
• cipie of our Constitution, violative of its solemn
sanctions, and, because abnormal, revolutionary;
foritencouraged,nay,sanctified resistance. 1 re-
member well, sii .the excitement m Europe when
the King of Naples, the infamous Bomha, seized
a few young men of the first families by military
force, who were engaged m plotting: against his
throne, and immured them in those horrid dun-
geons, blasted out of a lock, in that State fortress
which, like La Fayette in the hay of New York,
is tlie only dm k and hateful thing upon the bright
waters of the beautiful bay of Naples. The mil-
itary guard, without warning, withoutaccusation,
just as was done with the members of the Mary-
land Legislature and the Baltimore prisoners, sur-
rounded their houses at the midnight hour, and
they were torn suddenly from the luxurious com-
forts of their splendid homes, to be immured in
those awful prison-houses, wet with " the ac-
cursed dew of dungeon damp," sunk far below
the surface of the waters of the Neapolitan bay.
They were suspected of treasonable practices.'
Their offense had that extent, no more. A cry of
horror went up from almost every nation in Eu-
rope, and from the then untrammeled press of
the American Republic. England remonstrated
through the manly, eloquent appeal of her indig-
nant Gladstone. France raised her voice in de-
nunciation of the outrage; while republican Amer-
ica shuddered as she tSanked God M that no such
outrage could ever stain her national escutcheon."
We professed to know then what liberty was
worth; and as we sent cheering words to those
brave spirits engaged in the work of Italian lib-
eration, we told those, rebellious children of the
sun, " it is worth all your struggles, every sacri-
fice, and oceans of blood." The vengeance of an
oppressed people soon rose to vindicate the race
and punish the oppressof. In vain were her dun-
geons filled and her hearthstones desolate. The
bright dream of "Italia Libera" remained, the
scattered manna upon which the concealed enthu-
siasm of a whole nation fed itself, and to-day Na-
ples is tedermed, disinthralled. The Bourbon's
family is in exile, and the people's king rules over
the warm hearts that welcomed him to the throne.
Vengeance is certain, sooner or later, to overtake
the oppressor; and the Nemesis of retribution,
with the flaming sword, follows swiftly after the
tyrant.
But the objection of the danger to the public
liberty and safety is not the only objection to this
bill. It is by its own title an indemnity bill, and
proposes to shelter behind the protecting eegis of
its strange legislation the unlawful acts of the
^President and his subordinates. In other words,
it proposes to legalize an illegality. It is the le-
gislative power sheltering the executive branch of
the Government from the consequences of its ab-
normal, unconstitutional acts. You might as well
attempt by legislation to screen the judiciary from
the consequences of malfeasance in office. If one
department can thus protect the other, I ask, what
becomes of official responsibility ami the obliga-
tions of official oaths?
1 hold, sir, that the remedy is provided by the
Constitution, article second, section four, in case
the President is guilty of any official misconduct.
By that article he is made liable to impeachment
for treason, bribeiy, and other high crimcs and
misdemeanors. The President may violate his
official duty in three ways: 1. By refusing to ex-
ecute the laws and treaties of the United States.
2. By usurping a power not confided to him by
the Constitution, although in some cases this may
amount to treason. 3. By an arbitiary and cor-
i upt use of an authority lawful in itself, but which
was intended to be exercised with a single view
to the public good, to answer the purposes of a
selfish intrigue. In England the king is not con-
stitutionally answerable for any of ins official con-
duct; but it is presumed that he always acts by
the advice of his mmisteis, and they are held
personally responsible for all political measures
adopted during their ad ministration. Some of them
have suffered capitally for such alleged miscon-
duct. It is on this account, m part, that minis-
ters send m their resignation as soon as they find
that the majority of Parliament is against them.
Buthere it is different. The President isanswer-
able for his own official conduct, and is liable to
impeachment for any default tn the discharge of
his sworn duty. To say that any coordinate
branch of this Government could shield him from
the consequences of such acts would be an absurd-
ity, and tend to annihilate the whole system upon
winch this Government was founded.
Again, this hill, if I undeistand it, not only
proposes to shelter the President from the conse-
quences of illegal acts—for the provisions of the
bill really amount to this, if fully carried out—but
to protect and shelter those of his subordinates
whom he may have commanded to perform uncon-
! stitutionai or illegal acts. Now, Mr. President,
if there is one fundamental principle of law better
established than any other, it is this; Unit, within
the limits of their respective powers, all officers,
from the President of the United Slates down-
wards, ought to be submitted to and obeyed; but
if they should overstep the limits of their r-fficirtl au-
thority, if they should usurp powers noi'delcgate#
to them by the Constitution, or by some law mft'&e
in puisuance of it, they would cease to be uWefr
the protection of their offices, and would be 1%C-
ognized merely as private citizens for any abto?
injustice 16r oppression they might-commk^^n4
liable to a civil or criminal prosecution in
manner as a private citizen, with this distinction;
that if the wrong-doer has availed himself of his:of*
ficial character, or of the opportunities which his
office affords him,to commitactsofinjui3ticeor op-
pression, it will be considered as a great aggrava-
tion of hisguiltin a criminal prosecution,and will
be aground for a jury to find exemplary damages
in a civil action. This is the principle that i uns
! through all the cases; and all the indemnity bills
that Congress might pass from now to the crack
of doom would not disturb the force and efficacy
of that principle, in the mind of a high-minded,
intelligent jurist, who had a professional reputa-
tion to guard, however it might affect those imi-
tators of the Crawleys and Vernons of the first
Charles's day, who have crawled to judicial po-
sitions by base servility and disgusting obse-
quiousness, and who might be willing to exclaim,
as they did in the ship-money case—
u That the king, fro bono publico, may charge his tubfectS
both in their pioperties and persons for the safety ancLde-
fense of the Kingdom, notwithstanding any act of I'm IV-
inentj and may even dispense with law mcaM) of necessity."
i The attempt of the President to shelter his sub-
| ordiuates from responsibility upon the sic volo\
! sic jubeo principle, is only another phase of the
I delusion under which men's minds have been la-
boiing. He certainly ought to be lawyer enough
| to know that the Supieme Court has decided in
! 2 Cranch t 119—
"That if the President should mistake the construction
of an act of Congress or of the Constitution, and, in con-
sequence of it. should give instructions. not warranted by
the act or the Constitution, any aggtieved party might re-
cover damages against the officer acting under such in-
structions, which, though given by the P>aident, vrouid fur-
nish no justification or excuse."
I admit that in general, when a particular duty
devolves upon the President, but the means to be
used in discharge of it are not pointed out, he
may adopt those which are most proper for that
put pose, provided they are not repugnant to the Con-
stitution or prohibited by acts of Congress. Thus,
in lime of war, he has the i ight to use all the cus-
tomary means to carry it into effect, but he can-
not override the Constitution in doing it. It would
not, perhaps, be a sufficient foundation for an im-
peachment if the President should make useofthe -
discretion intrusted to him by the Constitution or
laws of the United States imprudently and inju-
diciously; for, in any such case, the people must
be content with the honest exercise of suchability
as they see fit to elevate to this high office. But
they have a right to expect, nay, demand, integrity
and fair purposes and intentions,and that the civil
rights guarantied to them by their fathers shall
be scrupulously preserved. Many very honest
citizens think that in a time of war or rebellion
the President becomes by some political legerde-
main invested with all the functions of a dictator,
and holds the lives, liberties, and properties of the
citizen in his all-powerful grasp. Within the
sphere of his constitutional duties the President
may justly claim the support of all good citizens;
but when he transcends the powers conferred on
him by the Constitution to sti ike down the liber-
ties of the subject, he must expect, nay, he invites
opposifion. Some Senators,on the other side of
this Chamber, seem to think that the test of loy-
alty is to be found in a blind adhesion to the Presi-
dent and his administration; but I would say to
them that my loyalty is akin to that so well de-
scribed in those lines of Cowper:
u We too are friends to loyalty : we love
Tin* king who loves the law. rcspccts its bounds,
And reigns content uithm them."
As to the responsibility of high officials, there
are very many in the community who labor under
the erroneous idea that the office protects the
transgressor. The legal authorities are all the
other way. Both the authorities in this country
and England point but one way upon thissubjecu
In England the responsibility of an official who
usurps power has never been questioned, and the
loftiest officials have been held to ajustrehibution
foi their wrongs, and governors admitted to be
viceroys in effcct have been made to answer for
their assumptions of power, not only in their es-
tates, but with their lives. What said Chief Jus-
