1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
March 2,
tice Pratt, afterwards Lord Camden, in overruling
a motion for a new trial made by the defendant in
an action of trespass for arresting the plaintiff on
a warrant from Lord Halifax, the Secretary of
State ?
«If the jury had been confined by their onllrto consider
the mere personal injury only, perhaps twenty pounds darn-,
ages would have been sufficient; but the small injury done
the plaintiff and the lowness of his station did not appear
to the jury in that striking light in which the great point of
law touching the liberty of the subject appeared to them
on the trialj they saw a magistrate over ail the king's sub-
jects exercising arbitrary power, violating Magna Charta,
and attempting to destroy the liberty of the kingdom by in-
sisting upon the legality of general warrants in a tyrannical
and severe manner. These are the ideas which htruck the
jury and induced them 10 give these heavy damages?. 1 think
they have done right. To enter a man's house and drag him
from thence by means of an unconstitutional warrant is
worse than the Spanish Inquisition—a law under which 110
Englishman would wish to live an hour. It was a most dar-
ing public attack made upon the liberty of the subject."
Pass this bill, Mr. President, and you notonly
confer upon the President an authority which I
conceive you have no power to confer, but you
also,by your legislation, give to him and his sub-
ordinates assurance that they may do the like
again, and escape the punishment that should al-
ways be meted out to violations of constitutional
law. It does really seem to me, sir, when I listen
to Senators on the other side defending acts which
tKey admit to be abnormal, and insisting that the
public necessities demand the sacrifice, as if those
gentlemen were trying to persuade us that the best
way to preserve our liberties would be to give
them up, and that the surest mode of securing a
government of law would be to suffer arbitrary
power to destroy it. "The dearest interests of
this country," said Junius—and I adopt his ner-
vous language—"are its laws and its constitu-
tion. Against every attack upon these, there will,
I hope, be always found among us the firmest
spirit of resistance, superior to the united eiforts
of faction and ambition."
Mr. President, this bill, in leaving it discretion-
ary with the President at any time ami place and
at his own option to suspend the privilege of this
great writ, in fact gives countenance and support
to that political heresy that the right to suspend
the writ exists in the President qf the United States,
and not in Congress. This bill does not stipend
the privilege of the writ; it leavesitfor the Presi-
dent to do(whcnever he thinks the public exigency
demands it. It certainly could never have been the
intention of the framers of the Constitution to au-
thorize the Executive to suspend the privileges of
the writ at his option. If thus was a novel question,
that had never been mooted before, one might well
understand how there might possibly be some
variance in men's opinions. But when it is con-
sidered that in 1807 it had a most thorough and
exhausting discussion in Congress; that it had
been befoie the judicial tribunals of the country,
and frequently tiie subject of discussion by com-
mentators upon the Constitution and by states-
men; thatup to the year 1861 there was an entiie
unanimity of opinion as to where the powerto sus-
pend the privileges of this writ rested, namely, in
the legislative department of the Government, we
can only be astonished that there should be any
diHerence of opinion about it. But now we are
told that the peculiar legal optics of modern states-
men and lawyers have been enabled to discover
that which the keen, searching, patriotic vision
of the men who framed the Constitution failed to
see. That which the luminous perception of Mar-
shall, Kent, Story, and Curtis could not discover,
has been reserved for the keener optics of Bates
and Lincoln.
It appears to mo, Mr. President, that the true
spirit of the habeas corpus clause in the Constitu-
tion is as clear as sunlight to any man who will
study the debates both at the time of the forma-
tion of the Constitution and when it was submitted
totheStatesfortheiradoption. There were mem-
bers in the Convention who were in favor of mak-
ing the enjoyment of the pnvilege of the writ ab-
solute at all times, in the same manner that it was
intended the liberty of the press, of speech, and
of religion should be enjoyed. There were others
again who favored limitations of time and suspen-
sion on certain conditions. Theclauseitself, there-
fore, appears to me to have been a mean between
extremes of opinion, and was intended to recon-
cile conflicting views. There is very little light
thrown upon the subject by the discussion in the
Convention: but the peculiar position occupied by
the clause in the Constitution is significant, and
if not conclusive is certainly suggestive of the
particular department upon which it was intended
to confer this power. Butif from the proceedings
of the Convention and the debates in that body
nothing satisfactory can be gleaned upon the sub-
ject, much maybe learned from the after debates
in the State conventions. We shall give but one
reference upon this subject, although we might
quote many otheis. Governor Randolph, of Vir-
ginia, who had much to do with the fashioning of
our Constitution, in a speech in reply to Patrick
Henry in the Virginia convention, who had as-
sailed the Constitution because it conferred the
power to suspend the privilege of the writ of ha-
beas coiyus upon the Legislature, said:
111 contend, Mr. President, that the habeas corpus in this
Constitution is at least 011 as good and secuie a footing as
in England. In that country its buspcnaion depends upon
the Legislature and not upon the Crown. That great writ
of right can only be suspended here in the same way, by
the Lcgislatuie in cases of extreme peul, never by the Ex
ccutive."
Our fathers very justly conceived that in dan-
gerous, critical times like the present, the people
would be willing to part with a portion of their
freedom temporarily; but the warning voice of
history had clearly indicated to them that such
loss to be endurable must rest in the discretion of
their representatives, and not in the breast of one
man. They had studied the causes of revolu-
tionary action too closely not to know that this
one-man power would not be tolerated for a mo-
ment except by those who, to use the language
of Thomas Jefferson, were born with saddles on
their backs and bits in their mouths, that tyrants
might ride and spur them by the grace of God.
The men of our early day, Mr. President, had
a perfect horror of conferring arbitrary power
upon a single individual. For them arbitral y
power in whatever siiape it appeared, whether
under the vail of legitimacy, skulking in the dis-
guise of State necessity, or presenting the shame-
less front of usurpation, was the sure object of
their detestation and hostility. They might give
this tremendous power to suspend the privileges
of this writ to the law-making authority, because
the act of suspension was a legislative act, and
because in this way due notice would be given to
the citizen when the exigency arrived; but to
leave it optional in the discretion of one man,
however exalted or honest he might be, to strike
down the liberty of the citizen without warning,
as has been done, this these haters of tyranny
would never have consented to. They believed,
in the -anguage of Burke, 111 his speech on the
impeachment of Hastings:
" It i? a contradiction in terms, it Is blasphemy in reli-
gion, it is wickedness in polnics to say lhat any one man
in a free State should possess arbitrary power over the lib
city of the citizen, cithe  in peace or war.''
It was unquestionably the grand aim of the
framers of the Constitution of the United States
to establish a Government which would notonly
be nominally free, but substantially so. It was
with this view they reared those barriers to polit-
ical maladministration which had been unfolded
to their observation, and were the gathered wis-
dom of a thousand years. They knew that the
safety of the people was the supreme law, but
they believed the Constitution. They believed
that above that Constitution there was no law;
outside of it there was no security.
The Senator from New Jersey who preceded
me on this iloor, in an elaborate speech that he
delivered while here, stated that the language of
the habeas corpus clause in our Constitution was
new and peculiar; and that in discussing where
this power of suspension resided, we must set
aside the analogies of English history altogether.
What he meant to convey by this idea I am at a
loss to know. He must have been strangely
oblivious to English precedents, where the use of
this clause may be found almost 111 the very words
used by Mr.Pinckney himself,who doubtless boi-
rowed them from thence. He is no less unfortu-
nate when ho attempts to show that the analogies
of English history must be excluded, and have no
bearing upon the point m issue. Any school-boy,
with but a smattering of English history, could
have told him better. All jus ingenuity will fail
to convince the people of New Jersey that their
fathers had no reference to and no thought of
those eventful centuries of strife between the king
and the people, amid whose fierce throes this
great privilege was born. Why, there never was
a time in English constitutional history when the
power of suspending this writ did not exist some-
where. There can be no manner of doubt on this
point. The controversy always was, where does
it reside, in the Parliament or in the Crown? The
formal contest for this discretion to imprison and
detain without trial marked the change in the Eng-
lish Government from monarchy to aristocracy,
and thence to democracy, as this power over the
lex terra has resided in one or other of these de-
partments of the Government from the Conquest
to this time. The personal liberty of the subject
was a natural, inherent right, which could not be
surrendered or forfeited unless by the commission
of some great and startling crime. This was a
doctrine coeval with the first rudiments of the
English constitution, and handed down from An-
glo-Saxon ancestry, notwithstanding their Danish
struggles; asserted afterwards and confirmed by
the Conqueror himself; and though sometimes
much impaired by th6 ferocity of the times and the
occasional despotism of jealous, exacting princes,
yet established on the firmest basis by the pro-
visions of Magna Charta and a long succession of
statutes on through the grand struggle over the
Petition of Right, until it culminated m the great
habeas coiyus act of Charles 11, justly styled a sec-
ond Magna Charta.
It would require something more than Senator
Field's dictum to make good such a false and
forced position as this. The history of England
for centuries is against him; the sentimenis of all
her historians are antagonistic to his position; and
lastly, the declarations of the men who assisted
in framing our Constitution stand in his way.
During the struggle between the monarch and the
Commons in 1628, in reference to a loyal grant of
a declaration of rights, Charles I took the very
ground sustained by Mr. Field and the Senators
on the other side of the Chamber:
iC That there might be times of rebellion, tunes of danger
to the State, when the safety of the commonwealth and
the necessities of the hour might demand the unrestricted
exercise of the loyal prerogative, and, lor the um<* being,
the liberty of the subject must give way."
This, too, was the obsequious language of the
House of Lords who, at that time, stood by the
king against the freedom-loving House of Com-
mons. Let us glance for a moment at the history
of those times; carry our minds back to the age
of those stern, unyielding men who, in spite of
the terrors of the royal frown, then and there es-
tablished a bariier against the encroachment of
the king's prerogative. Let us listen to their very
woids, to learn if we cannot catch, ftom those
who resisted usurpation then, some traces of that
spirit which, more than a century after, on this
side of the Atlantic, manifested itself in the bear-
ing and actions of the men of 1787. Let us see,
sir, whether, as Mr. Field says, the analogic* of
English history can be set aside in considering
that clause in our Constitution forming, if tightly
respected, the great bulwark of the freedom of the
citizen. Said Sergeant Ashley, in that memora-
ble debate constituting a landmark in history:
u Divine truth informs us that kings h.ive their povv^r
from God,and are iepre entative god--; the Paalmtf-t calling
them the children of the Most High. Can we conceive,
then, that &o exalted a person a^ the king hath so far com-
mitted the power of the t-woid to inferior inagMtntes, that
he hath not reserved so much supreme poweras to commit
an offender to prison without tdiowing eau«e, and without
warrant? 1 contend, thcrelorc. that fur offen.-es ag.iiiibtthe
State, in time* of rebellion or m entical emergeneies. the
king or his council hath lawful powei to punish by impris-
onment without showing cau-e. ThemarnaJ law, though
not to be exercised in times of pe.ice, when rccour^may
be had to the king's couit.-, yet in times of invasion or other
times of ho-tility, when an army royal is in the field, and
offenses are rnmmitti'd requiring speedy resolution, mid
cannot expect the solemnities of legal trial, then *>uch im-
prisonment, execution, or othei justice done by the !aw-
maiti.il is wairanted by the king."
The language used by Mr. Field, the Attorney
General of the United States, and others, is but the
echo of the degrading servility and baseness of
this celebrated advocate of the divine light of kings.
We do not know whether a grateful master ever
conferred upon him a judgeship for his services;
but we have no doubt he obtained .a substantial
reward.
But even such crouching at the king's footstool
by the obsequious, politic sergeant, was more than
even the Lord President of the committee of the
House of Lords could stomach, for he told the
Commons:
'• That while at this free conference liberty was given
