1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
served . The law originally allowed a bounty to
men who have served for a period not less than
two years. It is thought by this gentleman from
Indiana that if a man with a humped buck and |
one leg enlists in the Army and serves three weeks, j
drawing perhaps the bounty of $100 that is given j
to volunteers in ali the States, he ought to receive j
a portion of the bounty which the Government
gives to its soldiers who have served for three
years, even though he be discharged ut the end of !
three weeks. 1
Mr. HOLM AN. The gentleman will allow mo. j
Mr. OLIN. No, sir; wait a moment. You have ]
hud your day. It is also thought by the gentle- !
man that the pay of the private soldier ought to be
increased from the present i ate to fifteen dollarsper
month. Tins would involve an expenditure of
$70,000,000 per annum, in addition to the present
expenditure for the Army. Now, this may be all j
right. I do not say that it is or that it is not; but
1 say that it is a subject of such grave importance
that the House ought to listen to the reasons fot
find against it; they ought to have a n.port from
the Committee on Military; Affairs with their rea-
sons in reference to it; and they will have it if they
will exercise the ordinary patience usually ac-
corded to committees of this House. We aie dis-
posed to shirk no duty or responsibility that is
placed upon us. While I am averse to intioduc-
ing any measure heio that will not command the
soi   r, prudent, discreet approbation of this House,
i am not willing to see measures of the magnitude
and importance of those embraced in this amend-
ment attempted to be shuttled in at the end of a
bill of no moiegtave significance than this is. 1
now call the previous tjuestion on the hill and the
pending amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKRR. The previous question b'ung
demanded, iu> debate is in order except by unan-
imous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire simply to say to the
gentleman from New Yoilc that he ceitamly esti-
mates the amount loo high when he says it would
iPdeh $70,000,000 per annum.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman can calculate it for
himself. There are nine hundred thousand men
on the pay i oils <if the Army.
Mr. HOLMAN". I trust we have nine hundred
thousand men m the field, but 1 doubt it; and 1
trust, sir, that the policy of the Government will
not cause a reduction in that number by forcing
men to return home, or excusing them foi going
home to relieve their wives and elnldtcn, suffei ing
on account of ihe nonpayment or myuflicieney of
the amount due them. The soldiers ai e now be-
ing paid. I thank God for that; but is the sum
paid sufficient? According to a statement made
by one of our most patriotic Gov ernors, the Gov-
ernor of the State of lnd.ana, who has shown a
just and laudable interest in the welfare of our
brave men and their wives and children, if Con-
gress should increase the pay of the private sol-
dier to fifteen dollars a month it would be below
a fair increase, m view of the dhnurntion in the
value of the currency in which the soldiers are paid,
and ihe increased expcns-'« of his family, Th*-1
gentleman from New York says that this would
111 c i ease the expenses of the Army too much. But
I remind the gentleman that ho voted to-day for
the hill authorizing the Government to borrow
^900,000,000; and that the House, but a few days j
ago, passed a single bill appropriating for the ne.st !
fiscal year over $730,000,f)u0, for the purpose of
carrying un tae war. Tiv unanimity with which
these measures hav* pa.^sed and are sustained by
the country,speak to us in terms not to be misun-
derstood , that appro pi lations that are reasonably
and properly made, and neccssary to sustain the
Government, ought to be made, and will be sus-
tained by the people, if applied to mamlaui and
uphold the (r ivfriinii'ii'. it is admitied thai, by
the deprecMii ui of tin; currency, fifeen dollars a
month now is  jot < oual to th.-> original thirteen
dollars a month w Inch we piomised to our soldiers.
They are not responsible for the <h-preciation of
the cunency. %Ve are responsible for if. The
£;entk man hom New York obiftsto this neces-
saiy iir.ie.it'• of the soldier's pay, and \ su unit
that the eiT.'Ct of that position ?n weaken the
Gevenimi r-t m rs most tender and vital i itovst,
the support of the A; my, the real and only sinew
ofth« war We should Iv-ld no to oar soldier*
the assurance that the nation is dealing justly and
humanely with them, is not forgetful oftheir sacri-
fices, and that neither themselves nor their wives
and little ones at home will perish or suffer from
want of the protecting care of the nation, or from
its penury on the one hand, or as the effects of its
profligacy on the other. Let us economize else-
whoie, and not at the expense of the woe and sor-
row of the true patriot and his family.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Indiana allow me to ask him whether it would not
be better, more humane and considerate, to the
wives and children of soldiers to provide for pay-
ing the soldiers what we have already promised,
rather than to be engaged in making further and
other promises which aie'not likely to be fulfilled?
Is not the complaint on the part of the soldiers
that they have not been paid what they were prom-
ised , rather than that the pay itself is not enough ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the statement of the
gentleman fiom New York is undoubtedly true,
that the soldiers are being at length paid what was
due to them. The Ai my has been or is being, in
the main, paid; a few days will settle the accounts.
Men of position and character, officers in the Army,
have stated over and over again, that one very
strong cause of desertion in the Army, when it has
occuired, has been the destitution of soldiers'
families. The soldier will not rest contented in
the ranks while his family suflbis. But will the
gentleman deny that fifteen dollars a month is a
less sum to the soldier to-day than thirteen dol-
lars a month was when it was fixed as his pay,
and on which he relied for the support of his fam-
ily in his absence ?
One other word, and I am done. The gentle-
man from New York has spoken of the first
amendment as cmbiacing within its purview the
case of a soldier who is unfit for service when he
! joins the Army, serves for a month, and is then
discharged, lie says this man would be entitled
to one twenty-fourth part of the bounty promised
by the Government. Such is not the fact. The
case docs not come within the scope of the amend-
ment. Its language is, "discharged in conse-
quence of disability incurred, "not before, butafter
he entered the service. It is intended to apply to
the case of a soldier who h.is been stricken down,
prostiate,and disabled m the service, and who re-
turns maimed and feeble to his home, after render-
ing his country every service in his power. I ask,
jsitrightarul proper thatthelettei of the law should
be enfon:ed against him, and not the generous and
patuotic spirit by which it was dictated? The
spirit was that the disabled soldier should receive
thisbounty. By the letter of tin. law he must serve
the two years. If he falls, Ins wife and children re-
ceive it, though he serve but fot a day. I insistthat
justice and reason demand this amendment, and
that to encourage, fortify, and sustain our soldiers
there should be a modeiate increase of the pay of
those who are offemig their own fives to maintain
the national life.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a statement in
connection with this lull.
The SPR A KER. The gentleman can proceed
onlv by unanimous consent.
There wns no objection.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, the forty-third
! regiment of Iowa volunteers consists of men all of
I whom are over forty-five yi ais of age. They have
j been in the service about fiur months. They have
j not iceeived any pay, and cannot under ••xtsting
! law receive ony bounty. Now, I submit to the
; gentleman from Indiana, who is ,%o anxious to do
; pi-sticc to the .soldiers, and have the wants of their
: fundi ?s supphi d, th.,t he permit this hiii to pass
! without any a mend men!. in order t Ji.it ju*Uoc may
j be done to that regimen:. His amendment may
; be ?>!! right enough, and is one for winch ! would
i vof , but if adopted it would send the bill bade io
; ihe Senate. How long h might be delayed there
' no o-T can teli; and in th; mean mne these men
| must serve without pay and '"canity, while their
| families are probably among those who are suffer-
! ing a* the ?rtiitlemaii has described. Why may
i we no' thishill v.'uhou* having if mcumb< ;ed
| by any amendments, m order to nave simp'e jus-
• tice done to the men of tins regiment'' i submit
| to the gentleman fiom Indiana that he \\ iihdiaw
i hi -j amendment and a-low t he hull to poss. When
I it was taken from ihe Speaker'* table a few days
! ago, I endeavored to have it passed without rcfer-
j pure to the Committee on Military Affairs, But
it wns referred, and that has caused a delay of
probably ten days. If this amendment were to he
adopted and the bill sent back to the Senate,it JS
impossible to say when it would come before the
House again, i therefore appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana, in his great anxiety to do justice to
the volunteers of the country, that he withdraw
the amendment, letting it come back afterwards as
an indcpendcntproposition,and permittingjustice
to be done to the forty-third regiment of Iowa vol-
unteers, and to all other regiments members of
which are over forty-five years of age.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object to all further
debate.
The SPEAKER- This debate is by unanimous
consent, the previous question having been de-
manded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mainquestionordered; which was on theadoption
of Mr. Holman's amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in tho
affirmative—yeas 6i, nays 47; as follows:
Y12AS—Messrs*. AUlrieh, William Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Aneona, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham,
Wake, Clark. Clements, Coltav, Comvav, Cox, Cravens,
Crittenden. Dawes, Dunlap. Edgerton, Eliot, Thomas A.
1) Fixenden, Gooeli, Giaiigei, Gilder, Uurley, Hauling,
Ilauu-on, 1 Iolinan, John-on, juhau, William Kellogg, Ker-
uuan, Killinuer, Knsipp, Lascar, Malioiy, Morris, Noble,
Oileil, Ohn, IVudleion, Porter, Pottei, Alexander II. Rice,
John ii Rice. Shellahaigei, Sheimttn, William G. Steele,
iSulet-. FiaiK-if Thomas, Van VVvi'lc, Vibbaid, Vooihees,
W.ul-Avoith, Walkei, Wallace, Ward, Watdiburne, Wha-
ley, Chilton A. White, YVthoii, Wmrtom, and Wrlglu—-64.
NAYS—Messrs. liaily, Baker, Baxter, Biddle, Bnfiinton,
Culveit, Campbell, Ca^cy, Chamheiluin, Fiederiek A.
Conklim,', CuMield, DavisJ Dunn, Uaiglit, lioopor, Hoiton,
Iluteiuii'i, Kellcy, Loom is, Lovejoy, Low, McKeau, Mc-
Knisiit, Mcl'hei^ou, Mayuaul, Mitchell, Moorhead, Ju.stui
S. Mot nil, Nugen, Timothy G. I'heips Pike, Pomeroy^
Puce, Kiddle, James S. Kolhns Saigeut, Sedgwick, Shef-
field, Smith,'Steven*, Suauon, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Tumble, Tiowbndge, Van limn, Verree, and Worcester
—47.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. OLIN. I move to reconsider the vpte by
which the amendment was adopted; and in doing
so I desire to say a word.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fivo minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
j \
j \ IN SENATE,
j Tuesday, Janumy 27, 1863.
i Prayer byltev. IL McMurdy, D. D., of Ken-
I tucky.
j Tho Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
j The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
; ate a message fiom the Picsident of the United
l States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
! State, communicating, in compliance with a reao-
; iuUonofthe Senate of the 13th instant, a copy of
i the correspondence respecting the capture of firit-
1 is ti ve^seh sailing from one Bi itish port to another,
; juivuig on board ariieles contraband of war in-
tended for the use of the rebels; which was referred
! to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and or-
dered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Board of Trustees of the Iowa Agricultural Col-
! 'ge, remonstrating against tho abolishment of the
Department of Agriculture; which were, referred
: to tlieOomauttee on Patents and the PatentOfilce.
I I'.HPORT FItOM A COMMITTEE.
| Mr. MORIIILL, from the Committee on the
' District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
' bill (11. II. No. 4tiS) to extend the charier of the
1 Alexawhia and AVuf.hington Railroad Company,
and for oth< r ]mrposes, reported it with amenti-
I m'-ntr..
| JULLB INTIlODUChP.
i Mr. HOWARD aee! by unanimous
i consent obtaini d, leave fo intro'luro a hill (S. No.
i 466) t«> change the turn s of holding the <-im.utand
i dif-rtiict courts of tin* United Suites in the several
j districts of the s'-w-'tli e-rruM; which was read
I twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
I on tho Judiciary.
