1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the men of ourday, whose chief patriotism seems 1
to consist in supporting themselves out of thecof-
fers of a straitened Treasury, could thus strangely
discover the true theory of this Government?
Our modern political philosopheis would incul-
cate that when the Government is in a hand-to-
hand conflict with revolted States, we must put
all confidence in the executive head of this nation;
nay, that we must permit him to execute power,
even if it savors of despotism, on the Jesuitical
principle that the end justifies the means. Now,
on the contrary* Mr. President, I hold that it is
at just such times as these when the mind of the
true patriot should be most distrustful, when his
eye should be the most watchful, and when, with
the armed forcc surrounding the Executive, he
should be the more suspicious of the authority
that controls it. But when, instead of confining
the exercise of power within the well-defined lines
of the Constitution, he. finds it breaking down all
the guards and fences that surround him, and in-
vading those sacrcd precincts where the liberty of
person, of speech, and of thought were supposed
to be guarded with mote than Argus-like vigilance,
the true patriot should arraign such despotic at-
tempt, alihough all the terrors of imprisonment,
nay, of death itself, should surround him.
It is a libel upon the spirit of our forefathers,
it is a libel upon the men who framed our Con-
stitution, to suppose that any such authority can
exist in the Federal head of this Government. In
the midst of the gloom of the picsent, with the
eye of faith methinks I can see around us and
above us some faint harbingers of hope for the
future. As Columbus sailed toward that new
world he gave to Castile and to Leon, while mu-
tiny was in the vessel,and aiound hun the dreary
waste of wateis murmuring only despair, we are
told that flowers and caived woods came float-
ing around his vessel, while testing on Ins mast-
heads were buds of the most gorgeous plumage.
So to us, sii\m the midst of the gloom of the jnes-
ent, coine here and tiieie these Imrbmgeis of the,
firmei land to which we are sailing. God hasten
our coming, that we may once again, that we may
once more plant, our feet upon its firm foundation*,
the land of constitutional freedom, the hope of the
WO! Id.  
Mr. SAULSBURY, (at twelve o'clock, mid-
night.) I move thai the Senate do now adjoin n
Mr. DOOLITTLE, On that motion I ask lor
the yens and nays.
The yeas and mys wre ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 31; as follows:
YKAS-.-Mcsm-: Powell, llichnnhon, Saulsbury, Wall,
IllHl Wll-on Ot iM|r>-.<>Ui|—.)
NAY-*—Mow-a. \iiiliniiy, Arnold, Chandler, ('lark. Col
lamer, <Jow,ui, Dixon, !)oohul<\ Fej-M'mtcn-, Foot, To-tei,
Grime-, Hauis, lh inii'i-oiu Hick-., Howard, Umve. Kins,
L;iim: of Latham, Moirill, Ponvioy, Kic<>, Hut
man, Sumner, Toil Evck, Trumbull, Wiido, Wilkinson,
WiNey, and Wilson oi Ma-sacluir-ims-—Ul.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomekoy
in the elnur.) The question is upon concurring
in the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(£1, II. No. 301) to indemnify the Piesident,
Mr. POWELL. I move that the hilt lie on the
table, and on that motion 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were declared not to be or-
dered, a sufficient number not rising to second the
demand.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Count the other side.
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask for a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not require any
count on the other side. The Chair decides for
himself whether there aie enough up.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for a division, then, if
we cannot get the yeas and nays on my motion
to lay on the tnbl  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As many as
will agree to the motion tolay on the table will rise.
Mr. RICH A RDSON. The Senator from Ken-
tucky demanded a count on the call for the yeas
and nays, as i understood.
Mr. TRUMBULL, it has been decided that
there were not enough up to sustain that call.
There can be no other count. No such practice
prevails in the Senate. The Presiding Officer de-
cides whether one fifth is up.
Mr. POWELL. I ask that the Semite divide
on my motion to lay.on the table. I have a right
to ask that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have a right to call
for a division on the motion, undoubtedly.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly I have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators who
agree to the motion that this bill lie on the table
will rise.
There were, on a division—ayes 5, noes 30; so
the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. POWELL. I move that this bill be in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
A sufficient number not rising to second the call,
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being put on a division, there were
—ayes G, noes 25; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a recount. Let
Senators vote. There is a quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again.
The question being again put, there were—ayes
8, noes 2G; so the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the bill before -
the Senate is most extraordinary in its character.
It has been eloquently, ably, and lucidly discussed
by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. W\ll,]
who a few moments ago took his sent. I do not
believe that in the history of the legislation of any
Chtistian or civilized people, governed by consti-
tutional law, there ever was such a bill attempted
to be passed before; and I am amazed that in a
country where we claim to be governed by a writ-
ten Constitution, wheie we have claimed hereto-
foie that our people were entitled to all the guar-
' antees of that Constitution, such legislation as
i this should be proposed.
j Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 should like to ask the
! Si nator from Kentucky a question. Does he main-
tain that the win of habeas corpus cannot be sus-
pended by anybody, under any circumstances, in
this country under the Constitution ?
Mr. POWELL. Is that your question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE, That is the question.
Mr. POWELL. I am profoundly astonished at
the interrogatory put to nit; by the Senator from
Wisconsin. I have staled heie over and over
again and attempted to prove that Congress can
suspend tho wnt of habcus corpus, but that your
Piesident cannot. I have attempted further to
show thai Congress cannot delegate that power.
Mr. DOOLIT CLE. ! understand the Senator
to admit that Congress lias the powei to suspend
the privilege of the writ.
Air. POWELL. An admission! Does the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin suppose that
I do not admit what is wutten in the Constitu-
tion ? I am quite as much amazed at that as I am
at the introduction of this bill. Cei tainly, sir,
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus can be
suspended on the times and occasions and in the
manner prescribed by the Constitution, but not
otherwise.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the Senator
anoiher question. Does not the Constitution pro-
vide for us being suspended in a time of war, in-
stil i oetion, or invasion 3
Mr. POWELL. In ordorthat theSenate may
distinctly understand 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire a direct answer
to the question.
Mr. POWELL. I will give you a correct an-
swer; I nevci give any other. My answer will
be both correct and dueet. I never do anything
induectly. The Constitution provides that " the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
•suspended unless when m cases of lebelhon or in-
vasion the public safety may require it." That
is my answer.
Mr, President, this bill admits upon its face,
and m us very lei ms, that the chief officers of this
Go vet nment have wronged and injured the people;
it admits that they have infracted the lasv and
have overthrown the rights of the citizen; for
one of the bills that was before the committee of
c<\n fere nee—and this bill is the product of that
committee of conference—was entitled a bill to
indemnify the President."
Mr. DOOLI TTLE. The honorable Senator
has hardly answered the question which I put to
him.
Mr. POWELL. Well, put it over again.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Inasmuch as he is rais-
ing a question on the Constitution,and claims that
those who sustain this bill are disregarding the
Constitution, I ask whether,in his opinion, under
the Constitution, the writ of habeas corpus cannot
be suspended in case of rebellion when the public
safety requires it ? 1 wish a direct answer to that
question.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly I thinlc it can be
suspended. Congress can suspend it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask another question.
Is there a rebellion existing now ?
Mr. POWELL. A very formidable one.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is it a rebellion that, in
your opinion, endangers the public safety?
Mr. POWELL. I will answer that question.
I think the rebellion does endanger the public
safety; and I think the action of the party to
which the Senator and the Executive belongs also
endangers the public safety.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
answer my question directly. He thinks a rebel-
lion does exist, and that it is so formidable that
it endangers the public safety. Then I put this
other question to the honorable Senator: whether
there ever can be a time when the writ of habeas
corpus can be suspended, if not now? Answer
that, direct.
Mr. POWELL. My answer is direct. I think
theie may be other times when it might be sus-
pended with as much propriety as the present.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 ask the Senator the di-
rect question wheth< r, in Ins opinion, in the whole
history of this Government, there has been, or
whether he can conceive of a rebellion more like-
ly to endanger the public safety, and to require
the suspension of the writ, than the one that now
exists? 1 want a dueet answer.
Mr. POWELL. 1 can conceive of a rebellion
that might plunge the country in more danger.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ivv ill ask the Senator where
has a rebellion i*vor existed to compare with this,
m this country ?
Mr. POW ELL. Which rebellion do you speak
of?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The rebellion now exist-
ing against the United States.
Mr, POWELL. I hold that two wars are go-
ing on in this country: one by the people of the
youthen) States against the people of the northern
Sla tes  
Mr DOOLITTLE. Is it nota rebellion against
this Government?
Mr. POWELL. Hold on. Wait until I an-
swer your question. Then there is another war
going on 
Mr. DOOLITTLE, The Senator will answer
my question.
Mr. POWELL. There is a war against the
Constitution and the liberties of the people of the
loyal State.*, which the President and the Senator
and the party in power are now carrying on with
frightful and terrible success.
Air. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will begood
enough to answer the question directly whether
there is not a i^belhon against the Government of
the United States 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator from
Wisconstn to oi der.
Mr. POWELL, (who had resumed his seat.)
Oh, let him go on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I call the Senator from
Illinois to order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator from
Wisconsin to ouler on the ground that he is ad-
dressing the Senator from Kentucky and not the
Piesident of the Senate.
The PRESJ DENT pro teinpore. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor. If he does
not proceed with his itmarks, the Chair will put
the question on concurring in the report of the
committee.
Mr. POWELL. I would have proceeded long
since if Senators had allowed me to do so. lam
always courteous, and always yield to Senators,
i was remarking, when the Senator from Wiscon-
sin undertook to put me upon the witness-stand,
that the bill admits that wrongs have been inflicted
upon the people by the Chief Magistrate of the
nation, and those acting under his authority •, for
one of the bills that were before the committee of
