1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
conference professed in its very rifle to be " a bill
to indemnify the President and other persons"
for certain acts. Would the President require or
need any indemnity if he had executed the laws
and administered the Government in accordance
with the Constitution and laws? He who violates
no law infracts no right of the citizen, does no
wrong, requires no indemnity. So, then, this
Senate, the large majority of whom are the polit-
ical friends of the President, absolutely present
him before the country in the attitude of one who
requires indemnity for offenses, for wrongs in-
flicted against the rights and the liberties of the
people. If honorable Senators on the other side
of the Chamber will allow me to say it, it does
not present their Piesident and the heads of De-
partments in a very enviable attitude. The very
titles of the bills they bring in here admit the fact
that he hws not executed the office to which he
has been elevated in such a manner as to be just-
ified by the laws of the country, the Constitution
of which he swore to support, and the laws* of
which he swore to see faithfully executed. That
is the attitude in which the Senators present the
Chief Magistrate of the United States and the
heads of Departments,
Mr. President, I do not think that this bill, or
the bill of which it forms a part—for this report
seems to be a kind of compound of the bill that
originated in the House of Representatives and
the Senate amendments—amounts, technically, to
a bill of indemnity. How can you indemnify a
man for an infraction of the law ? If he violates
the Constitution that he has sworn to support,
can you by any legislation heal (he wounded con-
science? If an officer infracts the constitutional
and legal right of the citizen, and thereby makes
himself a trespasser, and liable to an action in the
courts and to be mulct in damages, can you, by
any law that you,may pass, so indemnify that
magistrate as to prevent the citizen whose rights
he has violated from appealing to the courts cre-
ated by Inw, under the Constitution, for redress?
I hold that you can do no such thing; you have
no power to do it; and if I may be allowed to bor-
row a simile from the President, I will say that it
would have no more force than the Pope's bull
against the comet.
What do you mean, sir, by indemnity ? Is it
closing the courts against a party who is injured ,
whose rights have been violated, whose liberties
have been stricken down ? No, sir, that is not in-
demnity; but it is ruthlessly lakingfrom the citizen
his constitutional rights, which neither Congress
nor the Executive can do; for I hold that the Con-
stitution is law to us all; not the Chicago platform,
that the President declared on a memorable occa-
sion was a law unto him, but the Constitution is
the law to the President, to the Congress, to the
judiciary, and to every man in the Republic. We
are entitled to all of its benefits, to all of its privi-
leges, to alt of its guarantees; and whenever the
citizen is deprived of those privileges, those bene-
fits, those guarantees, that strong shield which it
throws around the rights and liberties and prop-
erty of every citizen, you have a despotism, and
not a constitutional Government.
There is one way, sir, and only one way, in
which Congress can indemnify any official for any
wrong that he may inflict upon any person. After
the courts have adjudicated upon the case and as-
sessed damages against him, if he acted for the
best interest of the Government we might possi-
bly pass a bill paying the fine, and that has been
done; but in no other way can we indemnify a
magistrate. Yet this bill proposes to indemnify
the President for what, sir? For violating the
Constitution of his country and for overthrowing
its laws. He, sir, of all men, should be the most
vigilant in the enforcement of the laws, most scru-
pulous m their observance. He expects to find,
and will not be disappointed, a legislative depart-
ment supple, ciingmg enough to do his bidding,
to pass laws to obstruct the courts of justice, and
to indemnify him and the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of Slate and others for a gross in-
fraction of the rights and the liberties of the peo-
ple. That is the"eflort. There never was before,
in the history of any constitutional Government
on the face of the earth, an attempt to do such a
thins:* Why, sir, these gentlemen go on as if they
were absolute monarchs forever. Is it not true
that the power of these men is of very brief du-
ration ? In two years and two days more Abra-
ham Lincoln will go out of office; and 1 have no
doubt the whole country, except thieves, public
plunderers, office-holders, and the tools of power,
will rejoice when the day shall arrive. He has
held power two years, less two days, and we are
asked to pass a law such as was neverasked of an
American Congress before, to indemnify him and
his officers for wrongs,grievous wrongs, against
the people, to whom they were bound by every
obligation by which good men can be bound to
administer the laws and Constitution faithfully.
That is the way the Administration presents
itself, and Senators in the majority are willing to
continue-this session till daylight to pass this bill.
If they shall accomplish their object, 1 venture to
predict that it will not be two years before they
will regret that they did not allow the bill to be
defeated. The people will not endure everything.
They will not bear usurpation forever. There is
a point when forbearance ceases to be a virtue.
And if the gentlemen now at the head of affairs
were to consult history, they might learn that they
have reached that point. Why, sir, for one tenth
of the infractions of the constitution of the Brit-
ish empire that Abraham Lincoln and those who
are at the head of the Departments of this Gov-
ernment have inflicted upon this Constitution of
ours, one British king lost his head, and another
was sent a wanderer and an exile from his home
and his throne. Sir, I do aver that the first Charles
and the second James, both put together, did not
commit as many infractions of the British consti-
tution, by nine tenths, as Abraham Lincoln has
done upon the Constitution of the United States.
1 have looked closely into the history of those two
kings; I have studied diligently the causes why
they weredethroned; 1 have noted specifically the
infractions which the British people charged that
they had made upon the fundamental law; and
putting all those infractions together, they are not
a tithe of what has been committed upon the Con-
stitution of the United States by those now in
power, in the two years they have held the reins
of government. If any gentleman on the other
side of the Chamber controverts this statement, I
should like to go into a little historical reckoning
with him on that point, and I will convince him
that I am right.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (at twenty minutes to
one o'clock, a. m.) if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will give way, I will move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie not oidered, but three
members rising to second the call.
The question being put, on a division there were
—ayes 3, noes 21.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
refuses to ad joni n, hut there is no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will involve the ne-
cessity of calling for the yeas and nays. 1 ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Mossr*. Powell, Kichaide.on. FauNhury, Wall,
and Wilson of M ismnji i—5.
NA VS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold. Chandler, Clatk. Cnl-
I.umu. Cowan, Dixon. [)<>nliul<\ Fe-seuden. Foot, Foster.
HaiIan, Harris. Hick-. liou <ml. Howe, Kmc, Lane
of I ndianu, Lnne of K:\n-as, Latham. Morrill. Pomeroy.
Rice,vSummji,TenEyck.Tnunbuil, Wade, Wii Unison, and
VViUon of Ma.-bacliu^otts—30.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I will read the first section
of this bill:
Beit cnacft dhy the Senate and Home of Rcprcscntaliicsof
the United States of Jtmencu in (Jousjcsi assembled. That
during the present lobelhon the President of the United
States, whenever ni hi- judgment the public satet} mav re-
quire it, if authorized to suspend the privilege of tne wiit
of habeas torpid .n any ca-e thiousrhout the United £*tat<v,
or anv part thereof. And whenevei and wherevertho>ni<J
privilege -hall he suspended, a* aforesaid, no inihtarj or
other ofheer shall he compelled, m arw-vver to any wm of
habeas corpus. t<> return the hodc of any per-on or pi.M>on 
detained hy him In authority of the President; but upon a
certificate, under oath, ot tlie officer hnviuir charge of any
one so detained, that such pei-on i- detained hy hint a- a
prisoner under auihoriiy of the President, fui ther pioeeed-
}hp* undei lJ)e writ of habeas corpv« -hall be suspended by
the judge or court having is-ti< d the s-aid writ so lone a.<
said -u-'pension bv the Prevalent shall remain in loice and
said rebellion continue.
That section of this bill, should it become a law,
places the liberty of every man in this Republic,
from center to circumference, m the hands of the
President of the United States. It gives him chg
power to suspend the writ of habeas cbrpus, iri the
language of it, " in any case throughout the Uni-
ted States or any part thereof." The words are
peculiar—"in any case" throughout the entire
length and breadth of the land; and if any man
who is imprisoned asks for the writ of habeas cor-
pus, the fact that the officer who has the prisoner'
m charge returns that he is held by the authority
of the President of the United States is to be suf-
ficient answer to the writ and an excusc for the
refusal to deliver the body. That, sir, is a mo£t
extraordinary power. It will make the President
of the United States far more absolute than the
British sovereign,far more absolute than any mon-
arch in Europe save those who reign where des-
potism exists. Instead of havingaPresidentwho
is to execute and enforce the laws, you will have
one who can strike down the liberties and the
rights of the people. And yet, sir, the American
Senate is called upon to clothe the President with
a power that our ancestors denied to their kings;
and yet we boast of our liberties. The President,
who is the creature of the Constitution, by this
act is put over and above it. Not only will the
constitutional rights of the citizen be put under
his feet, but he majr imprison the whole people
of the country, provided he could command force
enough. Of course he could not put tbera quite
all in prison, because he would not have jailors
and soldiers enough to enforce his edicts. That
is the only limitation.
Mr. COWAN. Will my friend, the eloquent
Senator from Kentucky, allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to ask whether the Eng-
lish barons or the English people at any time ever
denied to their king the right to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus when the very existence of the
realm itself was in danger; or whether they did
not deny all these rights and powers to the sov-
ereign at a time when they themselves were in a
struggle with him not only for their liberties, but
sometimes for their very existence?
Mr. POWELL, i do not concede that the con-
stitution of Great Britain does allow their sover-
eign to suspend the writ of habeas corpus. I know
theyTiave had wicked kings who sometimes did
it in violation of their constitution; but certainly
since the days of Magna Charla they never have
had that power, and whenever they have exer-
cised it they have been usurpers.
Mr. CO\V"AN. I wish to recall to the recollec-
tion of my learned friend a very remarkable fact
in English history. In the time of William, Prince
of Orange, after he had succeeded to the throne of
England, a rebellion took place in the kingdom,
and he arrested a large number of people. I ask
the Senator whether he was not greeted in Par-
liament and congratulated for his promptitude in
making his endeavor to put down the rebellion,
and whether an a<^t was not immediately passed
suspending the writ of habeas corpus upon thai
occasion ?
Mr. POWELL. -I think that was probably
so; but, sir, the subserviency of that Parliament
in sanctioning an infraction of the constitution by
the British king, is certainly no authority for an
American Senate to sanctify the violation of the
Constitution of the United States by an American
President. They have no written constitution
such as ours, except in so far as it is written in
laws and in charters, in bills and petitions of
right. But the learned Senator will allow me to
call his attention to one fact; it is not proposed
here to do as did that British Parliament, suspend
the writ, but the bill is to authorize the Executive
to do it. If we were to come up to the work our-
selves, we should have the right to suspend it.
The power, as I hold, is vested in us, and it is a
power which we cannot delegate. That the power
is m Congress, and not in the executive branch of
the Government, has been held by all our judges
as far as I am advised, both Federal! and State.
It was so held by Chief Justice Marshall; it was
so held by Judge Story in his Commentaries upon
the Constitution; ithas been so held by the State
judges so far as they have adjudicated it. But the
other day it was so held by the supreme court of
Wisconsin, composed of three Republican judges,
for I am informed that the supreme judges of that
State are of the President's political party. Where
ever the question has been submitted to a judicial
