186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER. Which resolution—the reso-
lution of the Senator from New Hampshire?
The V/CE PRESIDENT. The isolation of
the Senator from New Hampshire.
jVIr. SUMNER. [ hope that will be done.
The motion was not agreed to.
PORTER C0UKT-3JARTIAL.
Mr. LATHAM. f now renew my motion to
take up tlio resolution which X offered yesterday.
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Pie^irlont of the United State* is re-
spectfully to traii-nut to the Senate a copy of the
rt-cotd and ail ptoeeoiiin«,'<  oUitniCf to tin; ooiut-inartial of
Major Genetnl Fit/. John Poitei ol the United States Anny.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon taking up the resolution
Mi, HALE. 1 wish to speak to that question.
We have tlnee or four weeks left of this session:
there are a great many practical measures before
the Senate that ought to be considered; and let me
say to the Senator from Cahfoi nia and to the Sen-
ate that this business of calling for the records of
courts-martial and constituting the Senate a coutt
of error, to sit on proceedings of com ts-mai tin I, is
of modei n introduction. 11 was resisted, and in-
sisted uniformly, up to a very late period, and it
will be an evil example, if the Senate undertake
to do it, they usurp a preiogative that does not
belong to them. They may just as well send to
the Supreme Com t or to the cii euit court and ask
for the proceedings in any e,i mnuai case as they
may ask for the proceedings ofeourfs-tnai tial. I
will ask for the ye,is and nays on the motion to
take up this resolution.
The yeas and uavs were oidered
527
Mi. LATHAM. My
to thn
from New Hampshire i*,that I have hut imit.ued
him. There is no member of tins body who calls
for the proceedings of more boaids than the hon-
orable Senator fi om New l'iampshiie; and if it is
not for the pmpose of having the record befoie
the country in a proper manner, I cannot for the
life of me conceive why lie so often intioduees
resolutions of that chmacter. The very motion
he made anterior to the one J havi; now mad< —
which was voted down by the Senate — had for
its object t he very same thing that I now pi opose
in inti oduemg tins r> solution.
I do not propose to discuss this resolution. I
nm pei fectly w ilhng to take the vote of the Sonati
upon it and abide by its decision. If the Sen I'e
should take up the resolution, 1 do not then pro-
pose to discuss it. 1 am perfectly wdbng that
the Senate shall act upon it ;n oider that -ve may
proceed to the considei ation of the sub]"i is winch
the Senator from New Hampshire -oe ,--o
very urgent.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hoof the motion to tak"
up the resolution of the Senator from t'aiifonoa
will prevail, and [ hope the Senate will pass it.
1 see no impropriel y whatever in calling upon the
Executive for a cony of those pioceedmgs, o>
any other papers that he has in his pos->e.«sin.i ,
subject to (he public interest; and,ftoiu what 1
know of these pioeeedmgs, I am quite well satis- 1
fled that the intciest which they contain in and '
of themselves is sui:u'ient to justify us in calling '
for them and publishing tin m to the world, 1 ,
think itis i|uite tunc that all tie1 tacts which have j
been elicited hy the i-no t-mar'ial in regard to ;
General Fitz John Portm* should be laid befoie
the community, in oi der that each man and woman j
who is able to lead f-u loms lf <• r beiseIf may I
lead and understand teem, and in order that the 1
countiy may see upon whatgtound it is that th--
sentence against thatgeneul isto be justified. I -
think myself the grounusaie quite sulfa ient,and
th.at the court pioceeded upon the soundest pun- !
ciples of law. 1
Mr. HALE. 1 am not going to occupy much 1
time-, but 1 want to call the attention of tiie S  n- i
a tor from California and the attention of the Sen-
ate to some statements he made m rdeieiice to !
my couise in lins matter.
Some ten or twelve yeats ago, when the Senate j
sat m the other Chamoer, and before the Senator !
from California was a member of the body, I made 1
a motion to submit the proceedings of a naval <
court-martial to the Senate. It was resisted,and re- '
sisted byoidet mcmbersintheSenatCjbyMr. Ben- ,
ion, by Mr. Davis, then of Mississippi, and voted 1
down by a large majority, and on the ground that
E have stated. Since that tune 1 have never in-
troduced a call for the proceedings of a court-mar-
tial, but have uniformly voted against them when
offered; and I do not know what the Senator re-
fers to oi what his recollection is when he says I
have mtioduced so many of these calls. 1 have
not introduced one, 1 think, in twelve years; and
I have uniformly voted against them when they
have been introduced. ( think they are improper.
I think they ought not to be introduced. The
resolution I desired to (.all up this morning is
nothing of the sort. It is a resolution in relation
to a report of a committee of this Senate, and not
the proceedings of a court-martial.
I emiieiy agree with myAiend from Michigan
that when the facts are hud before the country,
as they will be whether we order them to be printed
or not, the country will justify the findings of that
court-inai tial, unless they maybe of opinion that
the sentence was too ii^ht. I Laving stud this much,
1 leave the matter.
Mi. SUMNER. 1 s^e no good that can come
from tin- punting of all this mass of evidence. It
must be a very voluminous document indeed,
coveitng a great many bundled pages; and I do
not see how it ran teach the country very exten-
sively unless the Senate take the additional ex-
pense of multiplying conic s, Are Senators pie-
pared for that? 1 think not. 1 think therefore
that we had bolter decline tit proceed in the mat-
te ral alt. I shali vote against the consideration
j of the p'soiution.
( Mr. FESSENDEN. My inclination is very
• ■ stiong to vote for the resohmon; fori agree with
'j my liiend fu.-m Michigan, and should be ghul if
;1 eveiy man m the <ountiy could lead this lecoid.
i; I>i11 the record has been pinned; it is befoie the
11 public;! ! i -i v sc< n v \ o < >y of it; u has been sent
,■ to mi1, W he t Ii< r it i'-) tin lecerd kept by the cOurt-
, moitial or not, or a detailed account of the pio-
,1 coed1ngs, 1 do not know.
ij Then the only (jm stion that arises is simply
i whether this is a system that we ought to follow;
ij w hether vv e should call for voluminous records,
b and pay for their piintmg in huge numbers out
Ij of the public v'ln-st at the present time, when it is
;J not possible that we can take tiny actum upon
i! them. Tlie matter is concluded, we have no re-
! | vising powei rf any kind or description; we can-
:l iu t a!ui the thing by any action winch we can
take; we can pass no judgment unon it in anv
,! way; it is not within our jm isdictiou. Then the
h question antes, whether we shall allow the prac-
ttce t"giovv up liete of having voluminous tecords
:' of courts martial (because Pus party tried wishes
ij v) biought into the Senate or into the House of
J Representatives, and pointed in large numbeisat
the public expense. This is the simple principle.
I Nlr. TRUMBULL. The MoKmstry court-
mai tied sat al! win ter at Sf. Louis, and their pro-
ceedings would make an immense volume
Mr. FESSENDEN. Although I should be very
desiious to vote for this resolution; although I
think it would be a good thing for the public senti-
ment to have this infoimation bioughf forward
j and pi mted; although I ihmk, as a mallei of pol-
icy, it would be a good thing for us to pass this
| ! e.sol i'.t nut sim | d v to pi event the noise that will be
' nta le about tt l>y the pi oplc interested to make a
1 noioc whenever they «et a rii.inc11 with i eg.ltd to
■ everything the Admim<t)upon does, oronyliody
j < Ise (hies thimighout Uie country: abeough ad
I that has go: to be met, ai d in a political point of ■
I view or p.u fy point <-t \ lew, so tar as the Adtnm- 1
! istiation is concMTitd, it would l"<e a vmy good :
; thing for us t<^ bring tins jecord heie ami pay .
j mon'.y ;o )t<ive it )u mted; yet i do '.hmk—and I ,
! say this bec.tusi 1 am familiar with the ptoceed- '
! lugs, having lead theui caieoiliy, and believe that
• t he result im tnoft amply ]us'ilied by the  vstim<niy, ,
! and could not ha\e bt en oth< rwn-e bijfote any j
] couitth.u was an lionest one—yet, under the (n- ,
i e.umstance^, because \ believe the precedent to be !
' a wry bad 0"esand would lead to great experjse. ■
' 1 cannot wolem rny pi ev ions notions about it by [
! voting- for this particuhu lesobiiion. !
! Mr. L WHAM. 1 think it is piopn I shodhl j
j Say to the Seuatoi fi om Maine, S(  far as my own !
conduct is eomrrned m uitroduem $ the re^olu- ;
tion, tli.it it was not governed in any H-speet by i
any political or partisan pm poses. I regard this -
case as a great leading case. It will be rccoided !
as such m the. future history of the country; and i
11 I think it rightand proper that this Senate, which
i; has the confirmation of all military appointments,
!j and which has under its immediate consideration
! all questions relating to the military service and
1 the conduct of its officers, should be putin posses-
sion of the record, and that we should.print the
record connected with the case. I have nothing
to say as to the merits or demerits of the judg-
ment. It is not my purpose to elicit a discussion
on that question. It is furthest from my intention
so to do. I merely thought it proper that the
people of the country, and that the Government
should be in possession of the record of a case of
such great importance as this is; and that they,
as the Senator from Michigan says, might read it
for themselves, and pass their own judgment upon
its justice or injustice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator if
he does not know that the recoid has been printed ?
Mr. LATHAM. I do not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have received a copy
myself; L do not know where from.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 never saw a copy. I did
not know it was plintcd.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The trial wasan open one.
Short-hand icpotters woie present. There was
ample opportunity to get at it, and a record could
i be kept in that way.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 have seen a synopsis taken
by newspaper ieporte:s for the difleient presses,
but I did not regard that as an accurate or correct
history of the trial.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I received a pamphlet,
quite voluminous in extent, professing to be an
accurate report. I do not know anything about
it; where it came fiom, or who sent it to me, or
anything of the kind; but I took it forgranted to
be an open affair; at .my rate, the facts are before
the eountry.
Mr. LATIIAM. I have never seen such a
document.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, 1 am one of
i those who think that Congress have very little to
do with the command of the Army. Neither ibis
body noi theothei House, noi both together, in
my judgment, have authoiityto command the
Aimy of the United States, or to direct the move-
ment of its foices in the field. 1 believe that the
President of the United States is the Commander-
in-Chief of the Ai my and Navy, and that tne less
Congi ess undui takes to mtei (ere with that func-
tion the better fot us and foi the country. 1 be-
lieve further that m reg.ud to the proceedings of
coil! ts-muitial or the trials ofgeneials, Congress
lias very little to do. Neither m ex parte tuals
befote committees of our own body, or by way
of ievising the proceedings of eourts-mai [mi, do
I think the Senate of the Uufted States is called
upon to exeieise any power whatever. There-
to! e, believing that the Senate have nothing to do
with this subject, I shall vole against, calling for
a copy of the proceedings of this eourt-mai tial,
without expressing tiny opinion; for if we were
to call for this record with a view of cxpiesoing
an opinion upon it, 1 suppose it would be but
courteous and nght to reserve our opinion until
we received it, so that we mi ght see on which side
; of the qrtslion to decide. As 1 piopose to vote
i against, calling fr r the record, i say nothing about
; what my opinions would be respecting it if I
, should ever see it.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
i ) esulted—yeas 38, nays fl:l\ as follows:
\ ("IAS—Mcvm-. Antiiouv, ('at lile. D.iv i-, Dixon. H.ulan,
JI it 11 , f f o\\ <i i (I. Kmrr, Lane of K.tu-.i-, i/rlnm, Wchou-
a-ill, Ne-init'i. Powell, line, SauMit!i\, Sl'eiman. Wall,
■ and Wii-oiiof
I\AYS—Vniold. Bi'iwn'uir. Collamer, Doohttle,
fV-.M'tidMi, Knot, Fo-t' i. < !i u<) Male H.uilmir. Uendt-r-
>-ou. I lick-, fame ot Indiana. Mortill Sumuei, Ten K>ck,
Tnuniiutl. Wade. Wilkinson, WiU"V. Wshaot. and Wiisim
oi luiM'ti-.—g 2.
So the Senate refused to take up the resolution.
KKMOVAL OF KANSAS INDIANS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move to proceed to
the consuleiatton of Senate bill No. 4i3, being the
unfinished business of the rrioi mng houi of yester-
day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumtd the consideration of the bill (S. No. 413)
providing for the extinction of Indian titles ill
Kansas, and theicmovai of the Indians from said
State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time and passed.
