528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
The title was amended so as to read: "An act ]
providing for the extinction of Indian titles to j
lands in Kansas, for the removal of the Indians ;
from said State, and /or procuring them homes i
elsewhere." I
XIEMOVAL OF MINNESOTA INDIANS. j
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate j
now take up the bill (S. No. 418) to provide for j
the removal of the Sioux Indians from Minnesota. {
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in j
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the j
bili (S. No. 418) for the removal of the Sisseton, ;
Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota 1
hands of Sioux Indians, and for the disposition
of their reservations in Minnesota and Dakota,
which was reported from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs with an amendment to strike out all
of the original bill after the enacting clause in the
following words:
That the Secretary of the Interior authorized and hereby
directed to asMgn to ami s>etapait foi tin; Pi^etou, VVahpa-
totij Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota Indians a tract of
unoccupied land upon or near the Missouri river, and noith
of the ioity-lomth paiailei ot latitude, sufficient m extent
to enable him to assign to each member of s-aul bauds eighty
aci<'-:ofgood agricuiuual land?, the <?ame to he well stocked
Willi wood ami water, and well adapted in every respect for
agricultural purposes ; and there is hereby appropuated from
lite Treasury ol the United Statu®, out of any tnoicy not
otheiwi c appropuated, the sum oi'^lUO.OUO, to becluused
to the annuitj fund of said Indian^ in the Treasury of the
United State?, to enable the Si cretaiy of the Interior to tc-
move said Indians, to their new hotne-5, and establish them
in agricultural pui^uits to the hot advantage lor them.
StC. And he it further enacted, That the seveial tracts
of land within the ic-ervation^ ot laid Indians, upon which
theie are anv improvements shall not he subicet to pie-
emption, seillenn'iit, entiy, oi location, undei any aet of
Conyie>b : but the same shall be Mibject to sale in loyal Hib-
divwnns not exeecdintj one half sperion of laud, including
the immovements he sold n ridei the dnnotion of the rieere-
taiy or'the Interior lor the best price the same will biiiig,
tuiii the money uiit-iug fiom h.ud sakj be invested bs the
leta-y foi Hie henelit ot >aid Indians m their new homes,
in the establishing them in agricultural pursuits: Provide!,
That it shall be law 1 ul (oi ^aul Secretary :o local•' any tncri-
toi sou* individual Indian of said h mds; who exei ted inm
seh to save the lives of the whites m the late massacre, upon
said lands oh which the uupiovetnenthaie situated, «is-jgn-
ing the same to hiin to the extent of one hundred arid *i\iv
aer.v, to be held bv such teniae as is ot may he provided
by law.
" ;jlc. 3. And he, it further enacted, That the mone\ to be
annna'ly appropi jaled lor the benefit of the said Indian'?
Mull be expended in such mnnnci a< will, in the pidijuieut
of the Secretary of the Interior, b«vt advance the saai In-
dians m a^ieuitnial and mechanical pui uits. and enable
them to sustain them<clves without the aid of the Govern-
ment. And m saieli expenditure .said Secretary may make
reasonable discrimination in favor of the ehicU wh'o shall
be found faitlilul to tlu: Government of the United States,
and elticieni in maintaining its authority and the peace of
the Indian* Said Indians shall be subject to the laws, of
tin- United Hutes and to the eiimiual law- of the Stat'' oi
Terntoiy in which they may happen to reside They slrtll
also be subject to such ruie-> and i emulations foi then gov-
ernment as the Seci etaiy ol the Intei ioi may pie<c  die, but
tin y ohall be incapable of making an\ valid <. ivil coiuuut
with any pfi-ou, other than a member o( then t'the. with-
out the consent of their agent. 'J'iie Secietaiyoi the Imc-
lior -hall aKo make te.wamble provision to< tne education
01 sr/sd Indians according to th"ir capacity and the me ais
fit hi- command.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Purulent im authoiized and hoiob> directed to
rs-uun to and -ct apart for the Sisseton, YYahpaion, Meda-
wakanton. and VVahpakootah.uuNo[ Sioux Indian®,a tiaet
of unoccupied land outtide ot the hunts of any State, mi5-
fieient m evfnt )o enable him to assign to each member of
said bands (who at" Willing to adopt the pursuit ol ogticul-
tu11') einliH aciestji good agneultuiai land-, tliesatin to be
\\ oil udi.pted ioi agrieiiltural puipo-.^. And there !-• hei eby
appropriated tiom the Tien>tnyo- the l:mi''d S;nt"^. out of
anv monev not other wise appiopt nitetl. the ^nm ot "-i 1
to be ehaiged to the unnuiis iumi ol said Indians in tho
Tr'MSUt v of tlie United Stales, to Jae p: i sclent to
remove said Iiuhuufto tin. n new h<>im - and < j-tabli- n th"ta
in agneultuiai ptn-utts to the b<"-t advant \2" !<   ih" n
S;.c,.-2. And l.c it fwthcr cnr/ilcd< That to°-evrje! tract-'
of land within the reservations oi the ni1.! indi.ius sh.nl be
surveved, und'ji the dnection ot the Omitm-Monet oi the
Geneial Land (/thee, nm, u^jsal f-«u>divi-ion^ to enn'oiiu to
th-'suivcys of othei public lnnd<. An<i tli'- S« ete ai «■ ot
the hitetiot shall causc e«i''l: legal fiibfltVi.-ion or the
JainN to be apiuaiS'-d hvdtscieet p'-r^ms to t>' appornr cl
by him for that j>ui pu-e. And i:i eac iii'-taocc win i tin -c
ate inii>iove':!c«u- upon nn\ l^sal -nbdivision oi ,n>J innds
the ltnptovi nn-nts sbail b • s« paral'dj -ippra.-ed Co: no
portion of tin '-a.d l.md- shall he Mihieet to precinpUun,
EO'tlemt-nt, «'iitr>,  >r location under any act oi Coi'gie—,
iiiili'.« the paitv pn. inpring, settling upon, oi locaang any
pottion oi said laud- -nali pa\ tin-reftn the full appiaised
value thereof, P't I ud.ng the value (,< ti.e saul nnprovotnoj't-j
Under btich o'l't'Leioiw .i-j hciemalt' r piovuh'd.
Skc 3. And he it jurlhcr emitted* That alter the survey
of tiio said ri*ei vatiou tne ^anie shah he open to preemption,
<-,)!>y, and -etUement in the same tn.inner a^ other pub'ic
) i !- : Proilhd, That be foi e any pet-on -hall be entitled
r> ciitc. an\ portion of the -aid l.uids, by preemption ot om-
Ci \s iss, piev tons to tlu ire.\po uie to sale to the highest bid-
der, at pahlto outgry, he shall become an actual fonafi^t
settler thereon, and shall conform to all the regulations now
piovided by law in cases of preemption; and shall pay,
within the term of one year from the date of Ins settlement,
the lull appiaised value ot the land, and the improvements
tlieieon, to the land officers ot tho distiict whuie the t-aid
lands are situated. And the portion of the said reservations
: which may not be settled upon, as aforesaid, may he sold
- at public auction, as other public lands are sold, after which
j they shall be subject to sale at puva'e entry, as other public
1 lands of the United States, but no portion thereof shall be
! sold for a sum less than their appraised value before the
; ls>t of January, A. D. 1865.
i Sfc. 4. And be it further enacted, That the money aris-
j ing from said sale shall be i.ivested by the Sceietary of the
; Intel lor for the benefit of said Indians m their new homes
i in the establishing them in agneultuiai pmsuiu?: Provided,
I That it shall be lawful for said Secretary to locate anymer-
| itorious individual Indian of said bands, who excited him-
self to save the lives ol the whiles in the late massacre, upon
! «aid lands on which the improvements are situated, assign-
ing the same to him to the extent of one bundled and sixty
acres, to be held by such tenuie as is or may be provided
by law.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the money to
be annuallyappropuated for the benefit of the said Indians
shall be expended in such manner as will, in the judgment
of the Secretary of the Interior, best advance the said In-
| dtans in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and enable
; them to sustain themselves without the aid of the Govern-
] ment; but no poition of said appropriations shall be paid
i in money lo said Indians. And in such expendituie, said
j Seeietaiy may make reasonable discrimination in favorof
I the ernels who shall be found faithful to the Government of
i the United States and efficient in maintaining its authoiity
I and the peace of the Indians. Said Indians shall be sub-
ject to the laws of the United States, and to the criminal
laws of the State oi Teiruoiy in which the> mav happen
to reside. They shall also be subject to such rules anil i em-
ulations foi their government as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may prescribe ; but they shall be incapable ot making
any valid civil contiact with any peison other than a na-
tive member ot their tube, without the consent of their
agent. The Secietarv or the Intcuor shall aKo make rea-
sonable piovi-ion (or ihe education of -aid Indians, accord-
ing to their capacity and the means at his command.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment reported by the committee in the
form of a suhstitnte.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the third
section of the substitute, in the second line, by
changing the word £< reservation" to "reserva-
tions." It was an oversight of the Clerk in draw-
ing the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatisamcre verb-
al amendment, and will be considered as agreed
to if there be no objection.
Mr. IIAIILAN. I move farther to amend the
same section by adding to the end thereof the
words, " nor for a less price than '25 per acre,
nnlebs otherwise provided bylaw." Thisnmend-
ment is agreed to, I believe, by the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Wii.kinson,] who is a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the nineteenth line of the
fifth section, I move tostrike out the words "their
agent," and to insert the words, " the President;"
so that the clause will read:
But thej shall be incapable of making any valid civil con-
tiact vt ith any pei-son, othei than a native member oi their
tube, without the consent of the President.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa is changing the rule that now holds. It
should be " without the consent of their agent,
approved by the President." That is the course
that isj now pursued.
Air. HARLAN. I think I shall stand by the
amendment as it now is. Of course the President
will act upon the opinion that may be submitted
to him thiough the proper Department. 1 think
it is better to leave it as 1 suggested.
The amt ndment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDKN. I wish to ask a question
of (he Senator from Iowa with reference to this
matter. I n'lii call his attention to the eleventh,
twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth lines of the
first section, in these words:
And theie is hereby appronriatcd from the Ti ea<nrv of
the united States, out ot any mone\ not othciwi>e appto-
> .-,• CM.,-, ^100,00J, to be chanted to tne annuity
in the Tiea=uiv ot t> United States,
:iie sum of
said Indians
| ptt.ut:
i <und '
i &c.
. How docs the Senator propose to charge it to
; that fjncl, when the fund seems to be disposed of
' for the current and snc^cedino; year?
j Air. HARLAN, It was not supposed by the
j committee that tnis lav/ could be executed imme-
i diatoiy. There will be a part of the annuities that
! 'A ill not be expended by the bill that was passed
! yesterday. There wiH he $30,000 uf the annuity
| that would hove fallen d:i<- to the Indians for the
j coming year, u v xpended by the provisions of the
' biS; pnespd yesterday. Thf- v«nr follou-ins, there
will be due the Indians $130,000 more; and it was
supposed by the committee that this annuity, or a
portion of it, could be appropriated in this way
without burdening the Treasury.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I do not see how the fund
is to pay both, unless you lookforwaid to coming
years to take it out of the fund; at present we
have appropriated nothing from the fund, except
for the current and next year. If the Senator
supposes we are to look forward beyond that,
after that has been disposed of, it might possibly
be done; but that would by so much diminish the
amount the Senators from Minnesota seem to ap-
prehend should be appropriated to the payment
of damages in that State. You cannot apply the
same fund to two purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. I would have no objection to
such a modification as would require the payment
of part of the money to be made out of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of their land. This bill provides
for the sale of their reservations, and the proceeds
of those sales are placed at the disposal of the
Secretary of the Interior. If the chairman of the
Committee on Finance thinks it would be better
to modify that provision of the bill so as to divert
a pait of the proceeds of the sales of the reser-
vations to this purpose, I should have no objec-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I supposed it was an
oversight, and I only suggested it to the Senator,
If he is satisfied with it, I have no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. It was not an oversight. The
committee proposed to appropriate $100,000 of
the annuities that fall due the coming year, and yes-
terday an amendment proposed by the chairman
of the committee was adopted, appropriating two
thirds of the annuities for the present year to in-
demnify citizens of Minnesota for their losses.
That would be two thirds of the annuity falling
due this year and the coming year, leaving one
third unappropriated that has already been appro-
priated for the present coming year. It was sup-
posed by the committee that this removal of the
Indians could not take place immediately; that
negotiations would be necessary; that a place
must first be looked up for the Indians, and pel haps
contracts made with other Indian tribes m order
to vacate lands for them; and that this consump-
tion of time would carry us over until therewould
be still other annuities due the Indian*?; and if
not,it should stand merelyas a debt, to be drawn
out when it should fall due.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I have no ob-
jection to it, if the Senator is satisfied with it. I
have one moie question to ask. I notice that on
the sixth page there is a provision that a certain
number of acres of land—one hundred and sixty
—maybe assigned to certain meritorious Indians:
Provided, That it shall be lawful for said Secretaiy to
locate an\ meritorious individual Indian of said band^ who
exmied himself to save the hves> of the whites m the- late
mn-saeie. upon <-aid lands on which the improvements are
situated, a'-iguins? the same to him to the extent of one
bundled and sixty acie^ to be held by such tenuie a & is or
may be ptovided by law.
F think the one hundred and sixty acres ought
to be reduced to eighty, and there ought to be a
reference to the former act to provide that but
eighty shall be given under any act; otherwise it
might be construed to give him eighty acres under
that act and eighty under tins.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that amendment should
be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator,
as iie understand.3 both bills, to move an amend-
ment to secure that matter, and make it right be-
fore the bill passes.
Mr. WILKINSON. To remedy that diffi-
culty, i will move, in lino nine of section four, to
strikeout "one hundred and sixty" and insert
''eighty," and at the end of the scction to add the
following:
And fitovidcd fr.rthei. That no mote than eightv acres
slutli be aw aided to anv Indian under this oi any other act.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed to.
The VICE PKESIDENT. The question now
recurs on tlie amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed; and the title
was amended so as to read:{(A bill for the removal
