]863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
send up articles of impeachment against hiifi for
violating the Constitution: and we, instead of pass-
ing thus bill, should be here sitting as his judges
as a high court of impeachment. Tfec very fact
that you propose to pass this bill is an admission
that your President has violated the Constitution
of his country. That is the unenviable attitude
in which you place-him, becauseifhe had the right
to do what he has attempted to do there is no ne-
cessity for your law. By the very fact of passing
this bill, your President will stand before the world
as one who, in the judgment of those who passed
the law, has violated the Constitution which he
has sworn to protect and defend and has violated
the laws that he has sworn to see faithfully exe-
cuted. There is no escaping from the position,
by the passage of this bill you place the President
in a most unenviable position. You admit that
he has disregarded the Constitution, and yet you
dare not arraign htm for it. I regret you have not
the manhood and courage to denounce him.
Mr. COWAN. It must be obvious to ail, and
certainly it is so to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, that the true question is whether the
Constitution confers the power of susptmdinguhe
privilege of the wiit of habeas corpus upon the
President or upon Congress? I have not yet said
to which side my opinion inclines. In so far as
I have participated in the debate this evening, I
have assumed with him that the power is legis-
lative in its character. Thus far I have taken him
at his word; but if we suppose with a great many
learned, wise, and patriotic jurists that the power
belongs to the President, then the scene so vividly
depicted by the honorable Senator is entirely
changed, and instead of a violated Constitution
and broken laws we find but the healthy action
of the executive department of our Government,
adapting itself within its proper spheie to the
administration of public affairs in a new and diffi-
cult, but not unforeseen emergency. Upon such
a supposition the acts complained of as tyrannical
usurpations become legitimate and meritorious,
and to impeach the President for them would be
to outrage and insult a faithful public servant
instead of to avenge the wrongs of a suffering and
indignant people. The doubts which sut round
this fundamental question, I think, should make
even th^ honorable Senator pause in his denunci-
ations, because, however well satisfied he may be
in his own mind that he has decided it correctly
it by no means follows that he ought to condemn
as wicked and criminal those who take a different
view.
The language of the Constitution is somewhat
peculiar as well us precise: it does not warrant the
suspension ot the laws relating to writs of habeas
corpus, therefore those laws remain intact just as
befoie in every State of the Union, not to be re-
pealed or suspended under any circumstances,
even in cases of rebellion or invasion. Nor is it
said that the writ can be suspended. No judge or
court having jurisdiction dare refuse it to the suit
of the citizen; it must issue in all cases and at all
events when it is properly demanded. It can
hardly ever happen that it would be either neces-
sary or proper to suspend the writ of habeas cor-
pits, because if the invasion or rebellion has left
either courts or judges to issue the writ, there will
always be many cat>es propeily within thcircog-
nizancc and jurisdiction. The writ must then is>-
sue in order that the return may indicate to the
judges whether or not the person claiming the
privilege is or is not of the class to which it ought
to be denied. As, for instance, if it were determ-
ined that the public safety required that peisons
charged with political offenses alone should not
be delivered upon the writ, it could only be known
on the return of tlu* writ whether the complain-
ant was held for such an offense or not. Hence the
bill under consideuuion provides that if the offi-
cer having the custody mums that he hold.® the
prisoner by order of the President, the pnvilege
is denied, but without this return the proceed-
ings lemain just as before.
But it is distinctly provided that the "privilege
of the wiit of habeas corpus shall not be suspended
except m cases of rebellion or invasion, when the
public safety may require it;" thus declaring, by
way of exception, that in such eases the privilege
may be suspended.
TheZau> remains undisturbed. The wit issues in
all cases, but the privilege of it may be suspended.
What is that privilege? It is the right which be*
longs privily and personally toevery man arrested
and detained of his liberty,to be either freely dis-
charged, or in case he is charged with an offense,
that he be delivered over to the proper judicial tri-
bunal to be tried for the same according to law.
These distinctions may be thought too refined, still
they result from the language" used; and there are
besides many good and valid reasons why they
should be preserved; at least such seems to have
been intended.
Now, we can readily conceive a state of things
when it would be perfectly proper to allow this
privilege to one man, and yet, strange as it may
seem, to deny it to another. A man charged with
murdermightinsistupon it,while one charged with
treason could not. The civil tribunals might, even
in times of civil war, give to the first a fair and
impartial trial, while at the same time to allow
them to try the second for treason would be a mere
mockery, resulting in his trial or conviction, not
according to the evidence, but according as the
court and jury were affected for or against his
cause.
There are two disturbing causes contemplated
and provided for, namely:invasion and rebellion;
because they are the only ones which are likely
to prevent the courts from administering the laws
according to the ordinary course. The first intro-
duces into the country a foreign soldiery, who are
not entitled to the privilege of the writ, simply
on account of their alienage, as in the Three
Spaniards case; (Cowpcr;) and as to such, the
judges and courts would at all times refuse it
without legard to the question of public safety.
In cases of rebellion, however, it is diffeient,
because the rebels, ha\ing been citizens, are not
only amenable to the laws of war, but also to the
municipal laws; and they may be treated accord-
ing to either, at the option of the sovereign. If
the rebellion is limited in extent, not rising to the
magnitude of war, they are delivered over, when
taken, to the courts, to be dealt with for treason.
But if, on the other hand, the rebels are strong
enough to make actual war, and the public safety
is endangered, the sovereignty has a right—nay,
the necessitiesof its situation oblige it—to lefuse
them the privilege of the writ. In such cases they
are treated as prisoners of war, at least till the re-
bellion is so far suppressed that the couits can
resume their functions and give them a trial. All
this is plain, because it is predicated upon the fact
assumed, that all those engaged in the rebellion
are at open and avowed-war with the legitimate
government. The real trouble, however, arises in
districts ami States where the Government still
retains its sway, and where the offenders, inter-
mingling with the loyal citizens, and professing
loyalty, arc yetconstantly sowing the seed of dis-
sen tion.
In ordinary times a political adversary may re-
sort to anything *tnd everything short of forcible
resistance to the authority ot the President, to
bring him and his administration into odium and
disrepute, with no intent, however, to subvert the
Government itself, but merely to put the conduct
of it in the hands of another party. Now, shall
he have this privilege in time of war? If the an-
swer is affirmative, are we not obliged to put the
traitor, using the same mean.", and who intends
the destruction of the Government itself, upon
pieciseiy the same footing? If not, how are we
to distinguish? I do not undertake to answer, but
it appeals to the partisan strongly to forego his
ordinary privilege of unlicensed opposition for an
honest purpose, in order that the door might be
closed against those who would abuse it for an
improper and criminal purpose.
Now, J put it to my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky whether these aie not important as well as
difficult questions 5 It will be observed, too, that
the mischief may be the same in both cases, be-
cause, although he who excites dissension among j
the people with intent to aid the rebellion is guilty j
of moral treason, his action may be no more dis- |
nstrous to the common cause than thatofhim who,
not intending such aid, excites dissension for the
purpose of furthering the success of Ins party.
In the first it is crime—in the second, folly; but
empires have been lost peihnps more frequently
by folly than by crime.
I ask, again, are such people to have impunity - i
and if not, what department of the Government j
is to decide when the public safety requires a stop j
to be put to their efforts? Who is to judge of I
what the "public safety " requires? is it the Pre -f
ident, or is it Congress?
If it be said the power is in the President, then
it is objected that that were to clothe him with a
dispensing power totally at variance with out; the-,
ory of written and published laws, which leaves
nothing to the arbitrary will of the Executive.,
If, on the other hand, it be said that Congress^
alone can declare when the public safety requires
the suspension of this famous privilege, then it.
is objected that before that body could be con-
vened evil-disposed persons might plot and con-,
summate the ruin of the Republic, the President
obliged to stand by powerless in the meanwhile,
unable to take the precautionary measure of ar-
resting and detaining those engaged in the trea-
sonable enterprise. So that! hope the honorable
Senator will see that however he and 1 may think,
there is much to be said on both sides; much to
make a prudent man hesitate before he denounced
either the one or the other.
Now, for myself, however it may be decided,
I will submit and obey, reserving to myself the
right to assert my opinion whenever I can do so
with advantage to the country, and when it would
not excite discord and invite danger to do so.
The Government ought not to be destroyed by
a question when there are tribunals competent to
decide it, because, whether they decide it right or
wrong, it ceases, for that time at least, to be aques-
tion, and becomes a judgment or decree which all
good men will obey ;*and in that is our safety, for
nations, like men, are saved by obedience; with-
out it, both are equally lost. And it was upon
this principle that the famous maxim of the old
patriots was founded: "My country right or
wrong."
I propose now to turn aside a little to examine
the causes which give rise to this question; and I
think they will all be found to spring from a dis-
regard, on the part of some of our people, of one
of the most obvious duties of the citizen. I mean
again that of obedience to the laws as adminis-
tered by the constituted authorities, and by obe-
dience, I mean an honest and hearty desire on the
part of the citizen to.carry out the views of his
Governm^ht the same as though they were his
own, as in fact th<>y are, according to the terms of
his agreement. And especially is this necessary
in time of war, when, in order to be successful,
all the forces of the nation, moral as well as ma-
terial, must join in concurrent accord against the
enemy. Their effective strength lies wholly in
their union, and it will be effective just in propor-
tion as the union is perfect. Hence the heroic
victoi ies achieved, and the wonderful results some-
times obtained by nations apparently weak in
numbeis and resources, but who, by being uni-
ted, found in it power to wage successful war with
the most powerful. In tune of peac£", however,
union of will and sentiment among the people is
not so important, bccause then one party can carry
on the Government even against the most strenu-
ous efforts of the other; and from this distinction
between the two states of war and peace comes a
marked difference in the degree of obedience due
fiom the citizen. In peace he is not bound to aid
his Government, as an officer, to carry oui a meas-
ure against his opinion of its propriety: he may
remain passively obedient as a citizen if he chooses,
or he may assume the offensive, and agitate by
speaking or writing even so far as to divide against
it, according to the forms of the Constitution; and
all this, indeed, is commendable as tending rather
to the preservation of liberty than otherwise. In
war, however, such a course would almost always
be mischievous, and in many cases has been fatal.
We are now at war—indeed, too, the worst of
all wars, civil war of the most sanguinary and de-
structive character. Immense armies are in the
field on both sides, and the struggle has grown to
such proportions that it involves even the national
existence, and demands the active cooperation of
oil the forces of every kind at the disposal of the
Government m order to assure us of success. The
honorable Senator is opposed to the wai, and has
been from the first, because, as he says, he be-
lieves it to have been m the beginning impolitic,
and that it will be m the end disastrous; therefore
he agitates against it and opposes n by all means
in his power'jn his place m the Senate. I think
he is gravely m error in this, and I think all those
who adopt a like course are also in error. Whether
the war be politic or impolitic, wise or unwise, is
