1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
not the question—that has been decided by the
proper tribunal, the one to which all of us have
agreed to submit it, and every consideration of
honor and patriotism calls upon us to accept that
decision as final and for the best.interests of the
Union. The award has been made by arbiters of
our own choosing, and we ought to yield ourselves
to it cheerfully.
Again, in the conduct of the war, by the terms of
our submission the President is the Commander-
in-Chief, and we are bound in the same way to
obey him in all the measures he proposes to achieve
the purpose of the war. That we would not have
adopted those measures makes no difference; for
if the Constitution devolved that duty upon us,
I know we should have expected all good men
to second such as we deemed proper to adopt.
Surely, then, we can yield that obedience to our
leaders we would claim for ourselves if we were
in their plcwe. Is it not our interest to do so?
What have we to expect from the common enemy?
My friend, the Senator from Kentucky, will fare
no better at his hands than I would, if as well.
The rebels will not respect him for weakening the
side he has chosen by minute and uncharitable
criticisms upon the conduct of the President in
this dark hour of our country's history; because
they know,and all met) know, that if the charges
he makes are well founded, it only furnishes an-
Othei and a stronger reason why he and I and all
good and true men should Stand the closer together
to prevent the evils he expects to result from the
measures he denonnce's. When the patriarch
sinned and exposed his nakedness, his graceless
son rejoiced in looking on and publishing it, but
Shem and Japhet, good and true, went backward
and covered their erring father with a mantle.
Could we imitate their divine charity, would we
not also refuse to expose to malignant eyes the
weakness of our tuleis, and the rather, like the
loyal sons,go backward and cover them from the
public gaze? If we do not, the nation mny curse
us for our failure to perform an obvious duty.
Then may I not ask whether it is not out of the
opposition to (he present Administration and its
measures that the propositions embodied in the
bill under consideration have had thffir origin?
Especially when we consider the great danger im-
pending over us, the excited state of the public
mind, is it to be wondered at that the President
should seek to see.ute the safety of the Republic
byarresiingand confining those whom he thought
were exciting sedition and endangering the public
peace5 Is it wonderful, either, that in exercising
this power, he should often be misled into an in-
jurious and mischievous use of it? I think it is
not, and however much I regietany wronir that
may have been done, and however much I hone
that neither the practice nor the necessity for the
piacuce may exist in the future, still 1 do not won-
der at the desire on the pait of many to piuvnle
for the future, and to limit by legislative enact-
ment the remedy to t he mischief anticipate!} as fai-
ns possible, as well as at the same lime to silence
the objections of (hose who assert that the power
of making that provision is in Congress and Con-
gress alone.
Mr. WALL. Mny I call the attention of the
Senator fi om Pennsylvania to a single fact—hi the
fact that (his bill is not legislating against lebels,
but legislating against our own einzens in the
noi them States ? He seems to forget that fart.
Mr. COW AN. f am aware of that, Mr. Pres-
ident, and 1 regret the necessity which lias called
it forth.
Mr. WALL. Is theie any necessity apparent
here before the Senate for the passage of such a
bill as this ?
Mr. COWAN, To a majority of the Senate
T suppose that necessity appears. But the ques-
tion which the Senator puts is the question w Inch
now agitates the Ameiican puoplu, u hich is now
before the .Senate, and I say I lament the neces-
sity for it, because if we had all gone together,
wh hont d itfei ence and without distinction oi parly,
and undci taken to sustain and uphold the Go vet n-
ment as to the war, 1 think wc never should have
heard of the suspension of the pi tvilege of the writ
of habeas corpus.
Mi. rtAULSBUUY. Will the Senator allow
me to ask in in a question?
Mr. COWAN. Ceitamly.
Mi.SAULSBURY. I as>k ihe Senator ifhe lias
evci heard, in the whole history of arrests in this
country by this Administration, of an arrest of a
single member of his own political party ?
Mr. COWAN. 1 do not know that I have,
Mr. President, and that but illustrates what I
have said, that these differences are purely party
differences; and I am not prepared to say that if
the rebellion had occurred under other circum-
stances, when the party to which my honorable
friends belong had been inpower, butthat foolish,
misguided, impassioned men of our party might
have offered to them the same opposition and made
the same resistance to them that some of them
now make to us. I think it is more than likely such
would have been the case, and that they too would
have been arrested.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Pennsylvania
will allow me to reply to the question which I
understood to be put by the Senator from Dela-
ware, I will say that I understand that the citizen
of Wisconsin who recently sued out a writ of
habeas corpus on the return to which the authority
of the President to suspend the privilege of that
writ was determined by the supreme court of that
State, was a member of the Republican party.
Mr SAtJLSBURY. Was not that for resisting
the draft ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. He did not want to fight.
That was all.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, I do not understand
that he made any resistance, but he was a mem-
ber of the Republican party and entirely innocent
of any resistance whatever. lie was confounded
with those who were guilty.
Mr.'COWAN. Mr. President, I find nothing
anywhere to change the view that 1 have taken. It
cannot be supposed to he otherwise than that in a
population as numerous as ours, with diversified
interests, dispositions, and modes of thought, a
gieat many troubled spirits should walk abroad
in times like these. But to us the nation has com-
mitted the guardianship of its liberties. Shall we
prove recreant to that trust? Shall we stop and
turn back and lose the whole'of them because, per-
chance, a small part may be in danger? I think
'not, Mr. President.
I hope it is plain that if, instead of trying to
create dissatisfaction and distrust among the peo-
ple by our continued crimination and recrimina-
tion of one another here, we were to join hands
in cluuity for common impel fections, a new life
would be infused into the nation.and such an in-
crease of its strength as'would soon enable us to
crush the rebellion. Suppose we were all with
one accord to say to the people, the Republic
is in danger, not so much from the strength of the
enemy as from our folly m not being able to bring
ours into united action. We divide, antagonize,
and waste our force upon one another to such an
extent that it almost makes us the ally of the re-
bellion. We must correct all this, and achieve
success by turning oui faces to the future, instead
of the past, in which our dissensions are all to be
buried. We are at war, and we will make war;
fi'led with I h.it idea, and that alone, we can achieve
victory; and let no impious tongue dare give ut-
terance to that which may disturb and divert the
minds of the people away from the great task we
have in hand." Suppose, I repeat, we were all
to speak thus to the people, does any one believe
we would not succeed? Whycannotwe do this'
Is it not rat lit r on account of the party antipathies
and antagonisms of the past, than that there is
anything in the pi csent which prevents us ? Is it
not that we lack chaiity that we are wanting in
faith?
Now, it seems to me that if we of the dominant
party were more tolerant of the Opposition, and
instead of takin? pains to insult their beliefs and ;
misiepresent their opinions, we should carefully
avoid any allusion to them whatever, we would
soon disarm that Opposition. I ha\e been from
the first of opinion that the introduction of any
measure, no matter how important it misrht ap-
pear to be in the eyes of its friends, calculated to
provoke the hostility of the Democratic party and
incite it to opposition,was mischievous in the high-
est degree, and that all we might gam by such a
measure would be nothing compared with what
we should lose by arousing it to resist it. Their
harmonious cooperation with us in the prosecu-
tion of the war is worth more to the country a
thousand times over than any measuie we could
propose, and which wwuld tend to alienate them
from us. Is there any man living to-day, who
loves his country better than his own hobby, who
would not be willing and ready to give up all the
causes of differences with that great party, com-
posing one half our people, for the sake of insuring
its hearty and cheerful cooperation with us in car-
rying on the war? Sir, I had rather have the
moral and material aid of the Democratic party in
this war than all the legislative projects that could
be hatched in the brains of a Congress composed
entirely of reformers. One kindly pulsation of its
great heart and one sturdy stroke of its mighty
arm would do more to put down the rebellion than
all the laws we could possibly pass. I would
cheerfully yield all my preconceived notions at any
time to secure its aid in this extremity, and with
its aid I believe the unity of the Republic would
soon be restored and the old flag again afloat every-
where, still more the subject of veneration and
still more the assurance of safety and protection
than it ever was. I would respect the traditions
of that party and deal tenderly with itslikesand
dislikes, and surely under no circumstances would
I offend it when it could be avoided.
Still, I may be allowed to remark that we can-
not do all to bring about this most desirable con-
summation. The leaders of the Democratic party
must have the same charity for us I would fain
hope we might have towards them. And while I
treat as absurd the charge that they are all traitors
and sympathizers with the enemy, I would expect
them to treat as absurd also the charge that the Ad-
ministration is not honestly and earnestly laboring
to restore to us all that has been endangered for
the last few years; that if they do not approve
the measures of the Administration as the best
that might be adopted, yet that they will postpone
their denunciations of them till we attain the com-
mon end of all in the restoration of peace and
prosperity to the whole Union. It will be time
enough then to enforce the lessons of to-day, to
make these lessons of wisdom for the distant future.
I am willing, too, to pledge myself here that when
that happy day comes which will Restore once
more peace, harmony, and union among us,th&t
I not only will not object to a most minute and
critical examination of all the measures of this
Administration, but I will myself join in it, and
endeavor as far as possible to find out what part
of them was mischievous and what part salutary,
so that in all future time an authentse record may
be made by which men may guide themselves
when they are in like straits with us. All I ask
is that the war be ended successfully-before we
begin the work.
Mr. President, we have already done much to
encourage us; not all we could have wished, in-
dued; still it is much. The woild has witnessed
few spectacles more sublime and grand than the
response of our people to the summons of the
Picsideiit when he called for aid to put down the
armed resistance to the laws, and to avenge an
audacious attack upon the national flag. Never
before on earth was seen such a voluntary rush
on the part of a people to sustain and support their
Government. Thousands upon thousands, high
and low, rich and poor, all of every rank and sta-
tion in life came trooping at the call of their coun-
try, until the very ground seemed shaking with
the tread ofarmed men. Everything was wanting,
arms, ammunition, wagons, horses, ships, da*-,
and yet everything was ready in a time s>o short
that the power of enchantment aione would have
been thought adequate to the pei formance of such
a task. The magic tent was not only there to
shelter an army, but the slave of the ling and the
lamp brought arms, munitions, and clothing for
armies in an instant, as numerous as those which
kindled the imagination and awaked the song and
story of the wondrous East in ancient times, when
all the machinery of the earth seemed to be super-
natuial.
I say we have done much; certainly we have;
much that an American ought to be proud of.
What other people could have put on foot such
armies as the people of the United States have done,
and equipped them so well and in so short a time;
could have fought such battles, and shown such
constancy, and manifested such pluck and endur-
ance ' And, after all, what is the danger to the free
States of the North ? Why, that all this can be
borne without feeling we are at war; that we have
time and means, notwithstanding, to play at
party! Ye gods, think of it! When death has
