1&63.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
Legislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violence."
In expounding this clause, the Supreme Court,
in the case of Luther vs. Borden, (8 Howard, 42,
43,) decided that—
" Under tins atticle of the Constitution it re«ts with Con-
gress to decide what government is the established one in
a State. For as the United States guaranty to each State
a republican foim of Government, Congress must neces-
sarily decide what government in established before it can
detetminc whether it is lepublican oi not.
So, too, as relates to th« clause in tile above-mentioned
article of the Constitution, providing for case*- of domestic
violence. It rested with Congress, too, to deiemnm; upon
the means proper to be adopted to fulfill tln< «u:uantce.
They might, it they had deemed it most advisable to do so,
have placed it in the power ot a court to decide when the
contingency had happened which lequinul the J-Vdeial Gov-
ernment to interfere. Hut Congiess thought othei wis-e. and
no doubt wisely, and by the act of Febiuary 26, 1795, vested
this power in the Piesfdent."
1 refer to these clauses of the Constitution, and
this decision of the Supreme Court, to strengthen
my positions, that the President has no auxiliary
and incidental powers until they are confeirod
upon him by'Congress, and the extent of the dis-
cretion of that body in rotation to that class of
powers. The President not only cannot without
such authority call out'the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, to suppress insurrections, repel
invasions, and protect the States againstdomestic
violence, but he cannot officially recognize either
of those states of case, and move against them
with any military power, until Congress passes
laws to give him that authority. Congress has the
power, either to recognize all cases oflesistance to
the execution of the laws, of insunection, of in-
vasion, or domestic violence ina Stale, and tocall
out the mihua to meet them, by suitable pi ovisions
in laws passed as such occasions might occur; or it
could pass a general act, as that of 1793, providing
for all cases, and confer the power, both to ascer-
tain the particular occasion, and to call out the
militia to meet it, either upon the President< the
mwfs, or any other agency it might choose to select.
When there was a recognition of cither cawe by
any proper authority, and armies were raised for
it, the Piesident became their " Commander-in-
Chief" by the Constitution; and then, but not
before, his right to act as such in the premises
commenced.
The Piesident is clothed by the Constitution
with a dual character. The executive power is
vested " in a President of the United States of
America," by that title; and afteiwaids it is ^ro~
vided that " the President shall be Commander-
in-Chief of the Auny and Navy of the United
States." The first office is purely civil; the second
is strictly military; and they aie blended only in
the person of the officer, not in power and duty.
They are as distinct and separate as were the
places of captain general of all the military forces
of England, both at home and abroad, and em-
bassador extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary to the States General, when they were both
conferred upon the Duke of Marlborough by
dueen Anne; or as the Secretary of the Interior De-
partment and commissioner to negotiate m treaty
with an Indian tribe, when they are united in the
same individual. He has not a particle more of
poweras Commander-in-Chief because he is Pres-
ident. If the Constitution had not created the of-
fice of Commander-in-Chief, bv giving that desig-
nation to the President, Congress, by law, would
have made it; and it would have been filled by pr< h-
idential nomination and the confirmation of tiie
Senate, as the offices of all other generals are made
and filled. A commander-in-chief, made in this
manner, would have all the authority and every
power implied by the term, and would be as much
a commander-in-chief as the President is, except
that he holds the office by constitutional appoint-
ment during his presidential term. The other
would hold it duiing the continuance of the law
creating it, and subject to removal by the appomt-
ing power. Suppose the Constitution had made
this omission, and it had been supplied by law,
and the office had been filled by ordinary appoint-
ment, and the incumbent had issued these edicts
of Abraham Lincoln, would not the nation have
been struck with the most profound and indignant
astonishment*
The President seems to issue these proclama-
tions in his blended character of chief executive
civil and chief military officer; or why are ^ they
signed " Abraham Lincoln," and countersigned
thus: "By the President: William H. Seward,
Secretary of Stater" Is the Secretary of State
also a dual officer, and Secretary both fortheciuiZ
and military chief? What clause of the Constitu-
tion or law invests him with this double charac-
ter? Or is he hybrid—half and half? Some of
the President's followers impute to him the power
to issue these proclamations as President; some
as Commander-in-Chief; some as both; and a
great many without knowing or caring where it
come from; or whether, indeed, from anywhere.
But he finally presents himself in this style:
'•I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, bv
virtue of the power in me vested a« Commander-in-Chief
of the Arm) and Navy of the United State*, in time of act-
ual aimed rebellion against the auth<Mity and Government
of the United States, and as a fit and necessary war meas-
uie for suppiessing said lebelhon, do, on thus 1st day of
January,5" &c.
He snatches the power from his military maga-
zine; he brandishes it as President; and in both
characters he adjures—
"That the executive Government of the United State*,
including the military and naval luuhcnities theieof, will
recognize and maintain the fieedom ot the skives,51
which he has attempted to give by it.
I have already shown that the Constitution has
not conferred upon him, as chief executive officer
of the Government, a figment of power to issue
his three edicts. I will continue this examination,
and endeavor to show that he has none as Com-
mander-in-Chief.
I concede that when- our Constitution adopts
terms and phrases that are used in works on gov-
ernment and public law of high and received au-
thority, that designate offices to which the laws
and usages of civilized nations attach specific and
certain powers and duties, such terms and phrases
establish m om Government the same offices with
like powers and duties; but abolished, restricted,
and modified by each and eveiy prousion of the
Constitution which bears upon them. Where there
is any conflict oi discrepancy, the Constitution,
being ''the supreme law of the hind," must pre-
vail; and it rules and is to be observed on these
and all other points. Thus hedged in, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of our Army and Navy would
be the same officer and have the same powers as
the commander-in-chief in England, and other
1 comparatively free countries. His powers are the
. same in war and peace; but in war the fiequency
i for theit exercise, the number and magnitude of
j the subjects upon which, and the complexity of
i the circumstances m winch, they operate, aie
greatly increased. "But a state of war does not
confer on the Commander-in-Chief a single addi-
tional power.
I Suppose Mr. Lincoln had announced in one of
these edicts, " I, Abraham Lincoln, President of
: the United States, by virtue of the power m me
! vested as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
• Navy, do hereby suspend and dcciare inoperative
♦the Constitution of the, United Statu?, and do as-
sume to myself, as Com mandcr-in-Chinf aforesaid,
oil civil and military power for and during the ex-
istence of the rebellion," is thereany man of com-
mon sense and information who would not have
pronounced him as crazy as Don Gluixote? The
proposition that he can wiest from Congress the
power to lay and levy taxes, to borrow money,
to raise and support armies, to provide and main-
tain a navy, and ca 11 forth the militia to sup-
pi ess the iusui rection, would be no les^ online j
and absurd. He cannot claim and exeie.isc a sin- j
gle legislative power, though it might involve only j
some auxiliary power eminently necessary and j
proper to enable him to exei cise some other power I
devolved upon him as President. Me eannotsus- j
pend any court or Us functions. He cannot add !
one to his own powcis, either as head of the ex- !
ecutive department or as Commander-in-Chief, j
These, andallothei functions of tiv Government, j
aie fixed immovably by its fundamental law, unfit |
that law is changed by the sovereign power of the [
people, acting by a convention. If Congress were ;
formally to declare war against Great Britain, ;
whereby all her subjects become the public ene- ;
mies of the United States, and a number of them |
had pioperty within oui limits, lie could not con- |
fiscate or seize that propel ty until Confess had ;
passed another law to authorize ;t. lie cannot j
adopt any general 'policy or any measures whatever
for suppressing the rebellion, for that would in-
volve legislative power, which Congress o ill ^cou id
exercise, and that within the limits of the Consti-
tution.
As Commander-in-Chief, the President may s in
the war to suppress this rebellion, as hi all wars
in which our country is engaged, form and direct
the execution ofhis plans of campaign; and; with-
in the Army, designate by what officers they shall
be executed. He may control every movement of
the Army and Navy, and their policeand discipline?
but he cannot'1 make rules for the government and
regulation of the land and naval forces," for that
power is given expressly to Congress, and has
been exercised by its enactment of the Articles of
War.
WhcneverthePresidentisin the position to make
itpracticable, hemayactuponand claim the power
appropriate to every case of military necessity.
Ho has said truly that we are in the midst of a
"gigantic rebellion," and he is trying to conjure
up out of a thing so insignificant and evanescent
as militaiy necessity, of which I have not been
able to find a single word in any book, a power
as giganfie. and quite as atrocious as the rebellion
itself. The monster that he has evoked from ithas
filled ail right-thinking men with about as much,
astonishment as was the man in one of the tales
of the Arabian Nights' Entertainment, when he
broke a seal of Solomon, and there issued from it
a little smoke, and then a giunt a hundred feet in
height. Let us endeavor to get a nearand true view
of this great exaggeration denominated " military
necessity .'V"
To put down the rebellion, the Government
wants a great many more men and a great deal
moie money; and by the 1st of March, instead
of a million, may have less than three hundred
thousand effective men in the field, and may have
also a bankrupt Treasury. No measure so fit and
neeiissaiy to suppiess the rebellion as one that
would bring to the camp an additional million of
Bokheis, and to the Treasury a thousand millions
of money. Why does not, Mr. Lincoln issue an-
other edict to levy an addit ional million of soldiers
by conscription, and commanding the bank's and
capitalists of America to put a thousand millions
of doliais into his exchequer, on pain of confisca-
tion o 1* all their property and effects? This is the
great demand, need, of out cause; but it is not a
military necessity on and for which any general
or the Commander-in-Chief himself can act. It
involves great war measures, cognizant by Con-
gress alone. Rut the millions of slaves that be-
long to the rebels labor for their subsistence,
while they all s;o into their armies; therefore it is
argued it is a mihtaiy necessity that they should
be liberated and arms be put into their hands to
aid m the subjugation of their rebel masters, and
Mr. Lincoln, as Commander-in-Chief, has the
powei and must decree it. And he does decree
ni ten States, with inconsiderable exceptions in
two, freedom to all the slaves, as well those be-
longing- to loyal as disloyal owners.
Jn 1813 the United States declared war against
Gieat Britain, which made all her subjects every-
where public and common enemies. Some of
theni weie at the time residents of our country,
and owned propei ty within it. A portion of that
property was seized and held on the ground that
it was enemy's property, and was confiscated by
the operation of the declaration of war. The case
was brought to the Supreme Court, and is report-
ed in B Cianch, 110, (Brown vs. United States.)
That eoui t decided tiiat the declaration of war did
not confiscate the property of the subjects of the
Power against whom it was made, but that that
requned a special act of Congress. It says of the
matter of confiscating enemy's piopeity:
" Mite all other yucshon* of policy, it U pioper for tho
coiwd'Tauo,} of a department which can modily u at will,
not foi the con-ddeiation of a department which can pur-
sue onlv the law a< u wutten. It proper loi the con-
Mdeiation of the Legislature, not of the Erccutive or the
Ju'luiury^,
If the President, in time of war, cannot confis-
cate the property of an enemy, because it is a ques-
tion of policy over which not he, but Congress, has
the exclusive jurisdiction, what warrant has he
for confiscating §1,500,000,000 of property belong-
ing to citizens, loyal as well as disloyal, against
the provisions of the Constitution which vest all the
legislative power ot'the Government in Congress,
and which guaranty to every person his property
until it is taken from him " by due course of law,"
meaning that he must have committed some act
winch Congress, by a previous law, had declared
to be criminal, and had affixed to it as punishment
the forfeiture of his property, of which crime hs
