1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
not give them to us. When I say that, truth com-
pels me to say that I believe there were one or
two Senators on this side who did not want mat-
ters settled; bat still they would have voted for
those constitutional amendments. I know that
the Crittenden compromise would have been ac-
ceptable to all on this side. One or two, who did
not wish it, said that they would take it if the Re-
publicans would vote for it; but the Republicans
refused to vote for the compromises. You could
have saved this Union by giving us those consti-
tutional amendments. You would not give them.
What followed ? Some of the southern States
went off, and then war followed. The guilt is not
with me. Even when several States had gone I
opposed the doctrine of coercion. I opposed it
because I believed that war would result in per-
manent disunion. I never did believe that either
section of this Union could conquer the other.
Forthese reasons, loving the Constitution and the
constitutional Union, 1 opposed the coercive pol-
icy. 1 am now as thoroughly convinced as I ever
was of anything on earth that you will never,
never reunite this distracted and broken Confed-
eracy by the sword. If it is ever done (and I fear
it is too late now, though I hope it is not,) you
must do it by com promise, by concession, by peace
offerings. You cannot, yon will not do it other-
wise. I will say to my friend that that is the rea-
son why I have opposed the war. I loved my
country, the whole country; and I believed this
miserable policy of war would destroy my coun-
try. Honestly believing that, I knosv the Sena-
tor would have no respect for me if I had aban-
doned the policy which 1 thought was the only
policy that would save the country. I have stuck
to that policy in good and evil report. I have
been assaulted for it; my motives have been im-
pugned; my loyalty has been questioned; but
conscious that 1 was right, I did not regard the
assaults; I moved straight on, and, with the bless-
ing of God, I will go to the end in pursuit of the
policy of peace, concession, compromise. I will
oppose war,rapine,and throat-cutting, which will
destroy, not save the Union or preserve the Con-
stitution.
But the Senator ask>s who is responsible for the
divisions and distractions? Again I say, the Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber and the
party with which they act. What is making the
division now and has made division in the North?
When this war policy was first announced by
those in authority to be a war for the Constitution
as it is and the Union as it was, there was very
little opposition. I then stood against the war
because 1 did not believe it was an agency by
which you could ever restoic the Constitution or
save the Union.
Mr. I>/YYAttr>, (at seven minutes past two
o'clock, a. m.) The Chamber is quite empty;
thrre are not ten Senators on the floor; and if the
honorable Senator fi oni Kentucky will give way,
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wen: ordered; and being
taken, i exulted—yeas 4, nays 35; as follows:
y RAS—Bayard, Powell. Saiilj-lmiy, ;uul Wall—t.
NAYS—Anthony, Arnold, Chandler,Clatk, Col-
lamer, Cowan, Oivon, Doolmie, Fes^den, Foot, Foster,
(Jriim"*, Hauling, Italian, Harris, Hendoiaon, Hirlo, How-
ard, llowo. Kins* Lam- <>t Indiana, T^ane of KawiH, La-
tham, Mori ill, jVc-iiiiih. I'omeioy, Rice, Sherman, Sumner,
Ten JfiyoU, Ti umlmll, Wade, Wilkinson, Willev, and Wil-
son ot Mav;<ichiwtt'~-y.'j
•So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I feel very much encouraged
to proceed, us I now have a much better audienee
than I had a few moments ago. I beg Senators
to be quiet. 1 shall take my time.
My worthy friend from Pennsylvania said we
should all obey the law. In that I heartily con-
cur with the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. We should all bo obedient to the law, and
it is in obedience to the law that 1 oppose this
bill, because J regaid the bill as in violation of the
fundamental law. Tbeie would have been no di-
vision in tin* country if ail had been obedient to
the law. it was disobedience to the law that caused
the expulsion of our first paients from the garden
of Eden, and disobedience to law has been at-
tended with dire results from that day to this. It
was disobedience to the law that brought sin into
the world. It has been disobedience to the law
that has brought all our present calamities upon
us. . Had thp people of this country, North,
South, East, and West been obedient to the Con-
stitution of their country and to its laws, wc should
never have had these sectional difficulties. Had
these pestiferous abolition gentry been obedient
to the law and respected the constitutional rights
of their southern brethren, there never would have
been any strife between us. The very apple of
this discord has been disobedience to law. They
had an institution in the southern States that was
guarantied to them by the Constitution of our
fathers; they were protected by the shield and the
panoply of the law in that institution; but the abo-
litionists of the country, in violation of the law,
set about to interfere with that vested right of the
citizen, and that has been the direful spring, the
source of all our woes. They commenced en-
croaching on the rights of our people. Emissa-
ries were sent into our midst to steal away our
property. The law made in pursuance of the
Constitution of the country said that the fugitive
slave who fled should be given up. That law
was disobeyed; mobs and armed men resisted it.
A fugitive slave was often rescued from his mas-
ter when he had been captured. The law in every
way was violated in that regard. Then, sir, sov-
ereign States undertook by what are called per-
sonal liberty bills to obstruct the law. These en-
croachments on the constitutional rights of the
southern people inflamed them, and many of them
did things they should not have done. But this
disregard of the law, this disregard of their rights
of property secured by the fundamental law,
caused all the difficulty; and the historian who
shall write the history of these events will place
it theie, for it is there and nowhere else. There
the philosophic historian will place it. The origin
of the difficulties was the violation of the law by
those people who encroached on the lights of the
South. 1 admit that some of the southern people
did things they ought not to have done in the way
of retaliation. 1 do not justify or excuse their
errors; they had just and grave cause ofcomplaint
against the northern people; butthey never would
have made the attempt to destroy the Union but
for this constant, incessant assault on their legal
rights; and I am confident my friend from Penn-
sylvania will concur with me in that. Whatever
error they committed afterwards, the motive power
was the abolitionists. The sin of the destruction
of this Union will forever lie at the doors of the
abolitionists. They were the cause of the diffi-
culty.
1 heartily concur with the Senator in saying
that we should all be obedient to the law; I regret
that we have not always been obedient to it; and
1 stand heie to-night, Mr. Piesident, in obedience
to the law and to the Constitution, which the Sen-
ator says wo all swore to support, to resist the
unconstitutional legislation that is sought this
night to be driven by force through this Senate;
and if I do my country no other service, if I
should be the humble instrument in the hands of
God to thwart this infraction of the Constitution
of my country, I should think I had not liv^d
without doing some good. The Senator says we
should all be obedient to the Constitution. In that
1 fully concur; and in obedience to that instru-
ment I stand hero, though in a small minority, re-
sisting encroachments upon the fundamental law.
If Senators who are restive now to get this bill
passed, shall pass it, two years will not rollover
their heads before they will wish that wc had pre-
vented its passage; for I know that no such reck-
less disregatd of the Constitution can ever avail
any party, and none who thus recklessly over-
throw the fundamental law of the land will ever
be held iri esteem or respect by the people.
The Senator says, being in the war wc all should
go for the war, we should bo for our country
right or wrong. I am for my country right.
IVIr. RICE. That is not according to Jackson.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, it is according to Jack-
son. Stand by your country.
Mr. RICE. Right or wrong.
Mr. POWELL. I will not be for my country
wrong when I can be for my country right. What
is the necessity of my being wrong when I can
just as well be right, and much easier, too, for if
I had gone with the majority in their measures to
carry on this war, I should not only have violated
the Constitution of my country, but  
Mr. GRIMES. Your own constitution.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POWELL Yes. sir; my own conscience.
I should have sacrificed my own judgment, my
own honor, my own integrity, my oath of office,
which I will never do. 1 have opposed this war
because I thought the war would destroy my
country. Gentlemen advocate it because they
think it will restore their country. I am opposed
to it because I think it will divide the country. I
am as much attached to the country as they, and
being attached to it I will oppose every measure
that i think calculated to destroy it, to weaken it,
to tear it asunder and disunite it.
Mr, WILLEY. Will the Senator allow me to
propound a question?
Mr. POWELL. Oh yes; two or three of them.
Mr. WiLLEY. I have understood that the
Senator from Kentucky has been opposed to the
war, and of course is opposed to carrying on the
war any longer. What measure of policy, what
means does he propose to restore peace and re-
stoic the Union ?
Mr. POWELL. I have answered that ques-
tion very often heretofore, and 1 will answer it
again with a great deal of pleasure. I would cause
the war, if I had the power, instantly to cease. I
would then set about making terms of compro-
mise, with the view of settling all of our diffi-
culties by peaceable means.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 wish to know the exact terms
and propositions that would be submitted.
Mr. POWELL. 1 would first set out by re-
pealing all the unconstitutional legislation passed
by thts Congress: the confiscation laws, the laws
authorizing the arming of slaves, &.c. I would
have the proclamation of the President declaring
slaves in certain States free and his proclamation
suspending the habeas corpus recalled. By such
acts as I have indicated, I would teach the people
South that the North had some regard for con-
stitutional obligations. After the repeal of all ob-
noxious and unconstitutional laws, and revoking
i the unconstitutional proclamations of the Presi-
i dent, I would then tell those people we would give
th^m the constitutional guarantees they asked;
and I hope and think the probabilities are they
would come back. That is what I would do.
Mr. RICE. They have told you they would
not come back.
Mr. POWELL. Not when they were here.
We have never made the proposition. I know
some of the newspapers down there have *said so.
Mr. RICE. The Senator will allow me one
moment.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. RICE. I am for compromise, and I pro-
pose to compromise now by taking a vote. But
they left us Democrats, when,if they had remained,
we should have had a majority in this Senate.
They left us, like cowards and traitors to the
country and to the Democrats of the North who
had stood by them until we had not a corporal's
guard left; and now they insultingly tell us that
under no tuims whatever will they live with us
unless wc cast New England out—New England,
the mother of us all.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator says very truly
they left the Democrats here in a slim minority. I
regret that they left. The Senator knows I urged
them to stay and fight the battle here. The Sena-
tor urged the same thing. He is fully aware that
that was mv advice to them.
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir, 1 am.
Mr. POWELL. They did not take it.
Mr. RICE. They must take the consequences
now.
Mr. POWELL. They have got the conse-
quences; and reiy scveic consequences they are,
not only to them, but to us. They are very de-
structive consequences to all of us.
Mr. RICE. We can stand it if they can.
Mr. POWELL. I dare say we can; but I want
to restore harmony and peace, and have union,
and I do not believe we can do it by war. I think
the war is a failure so far as restoring the Union
is concerned, and hence I am for trying some other
means. It is said that these people will not have
I any compromise. I am fully aware the Senator
from Minnesota is conect in saying that many of
them have said sofatleast, I have seen it so stated
m their public journals. But there has been no
proposition from us to them to settle the matter.
Let us make it; let us try; it will do no harm, if
it does no good.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood the Senator from
Kentucky to say, in reply to the Senator from
