1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Virginia, that he would be willing to offer certain
teims or proposals to the so-called confederate
States, in order to inaugurate peace.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir, I would.
Mr. GRIMES. Did 1 understand him to say
what those terms were?
Mr. POWELL. I stated to the Senator from
Viiginia that I would propose peace; that I would
repeal all unconstitutional laws, and havo revoked
all unconstitutional proclamations of the President.
Then I would offer guarantees and amendments
to the Constitution that I thought would satisfy
them.
Mr. GRIMES. Did the Senator state what
those terms were?
Mr. POWELL. No; I presented no special
programme. [ did not state the precise amend-
ments to the Constitution that I would propose.
Mr. GRIMES. I would like to know if the
Senator is aware what terms fhe so-called confed-
erate States would be willing to accept?
^Ir. POWELL. Allow me to tell the Senator
that I have never had any communication with
them, either direct or indirect.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not suppose the Senator
had had any communication.
Mr. POWELL. If we should tender fair and
just guarantees, constitutional guarantees, and
they should refuse to take them, allow me to tell
the Senator- 
Mr. GRIMES. Will thp Senator behind enough
to inform the Senate and the country what he be-
lieves a fair, constitutional guarantee would be?
Mr. POWELL. I believe if you would give
them the Crittenden compromise, with the amend-
ments I proposed, it would be a fair one.
Mr. GRIMES. And that they would return
with that compromise?
Mr. POWELL. I hope they would.
Docs the Senator believe they
Mr. GRIMES,
would ?
Mr. POWELL.
Mr. GRIMES.
I think it probable.
Does the Senator give itashis
opinion that they would?
Mr. POWELL. I think the chances are all
that way. I do not know.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not asking about the
chances, but asking for an expression of opinion
on the part of the Senator.
Mr. POWELL. I cannot form any positive
opinion'. I have great doubts whether they would
or would not, but I wish to try it.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator's opinion.
Mr. POWELL. I have stated that I have no
positive opinion about it.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Iowa a question, and that is how he sup-
poses it is possible for an}' reunion to take placc
while the President's proclamation, which utterly
destroys the entire property of the southern States,
is outstanding?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose to go into a
lengthy dissertation in order to show that such a
thing is possible; but I imagine that with a proper
administration of the affairs of this Government,
Buch a union will be brought about, and brought
about speedily, notwithstanding the proclamation
of the President of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. I am unable to understand
the honorable Senator. The effect of the procla-
mation, as I understand it—I suppose he under-
stands it in the same way, there is very little room,
it seems to me, for a difference of opinion—is
to destroy the value of more than three million
slaves held as property,which constitutes the bulk
of the wealth of the southern States, which is so
interwoven with theirsocial organization that their
utter destruction is necessarily consequent upon
yielding to that proclamation. Upon what ra-
tional basis it is you can expect that they can sub-
mit unconditionally (because that is the position
of tilings) to the authority of our Government, I
cannot understand, with that proclamation out-
standing and the confiscation laws in existence.
How can you expect a revolted people to sacrifice
theirentire property, to subvert their whole social
system, and yield, until thev are all exterminated ?
Mr. WILLEY. Haying the profoundest re-
spect for the legal opinion of the Senator from
Delaware, I would ask him whether from his
stand-point he believes that the proclamation of
the President has the legal effect to destroy the
right of property in the southern States?
Mr. BAYARD. I answer to the honorable Sen-
ator at once, no. I think the proclamation is one
of the most lawless, unconstitutional acts that ever
emanated from an Executiveofthis country. But,
sir, the disorganization of labor, when the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the action of this
Congress, is vested with the entire military force
of the country, would necessarily be the same, law
or no law.
Mr. GRIMES. I would ask the Senator from
Delaware if it is not his opinion, if he has not al-
ready announced it on the floor of the Senate on
several occasions, that it was a mere paper proc-
lamation, having no effect whatever on the social
status of anybody?
Mr. BAYARD. My answer to the Senator is
that I have made no such statement. I consider
that, legally, before a court of justice, ifa case could
be brought to the Supreme Court or any other
court, they would decide that the rights of no
claimant of a slave were at all disturbed by the
proclamation. I have no doubt about that as a
matter of law; but I can understand perfectly that
with the entire military power of the country in
the possession of the President, with immense
armies and all the resources of this country at his
control, of course the people of the southern States
could not protect their rights of property; and
their whole system would be entirely disorganized,
and the piobablc result of yielding would be a ser-
vile insurrection in those States. I do not sup-
pose the honorable Senator contemplates that. I
am unwilling to believe that the President contem-
plated such a result. That other men do, there
can be no doubt. Such a result has been hailed
with triumph by the New Yoik Tribune as one
of the things that we are now to expect, and the
particular operation by which it is to be effected
has been rejoiced at as a corning event which is
of great importance to the country. I do not be-
lieve that the honorable Senator, I do not believe
that any man with common humanity could pos-
sibly sanction such a doctrine as that; but I know
what the excesses of party spirit are; I know that
in times of turbulent excitement men are led to
a point far beyond what their natural instincts
would otherwise lead them to, and they cease to
regard those obligations which belong to our com-
mon nature under the excitement of the feelings
of the moment. All these things occur. All I
mean to say is, and I repeat it, that while that
proclamation is outstanding, having the color of
executive authority to support it, how is it pos-
sible to expect that those States, and the people
of those States which have revolted, can yield to
the power of the Government, unless you exterm-
inate them?
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Iowa asked
me a question. Will he now allow me to ask him
one?
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection. It seems
to be rather a time for catechism.
Mr. POWELL. I will ask the Senator if he
were of opinion that the seceded States would
take the Crittenden compromise with the amend-
ments that I proposed, sometimes called in my
country the Powell amendments, would he be will-
ing to have the President's proclamations with-
drawn, the confiscation laws and other offensive
laws repealed, and then settle the matter in that
way ?
Mr. GRIMES. By the adoption of that com-
promise ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no hesitation in saying
that I would not. No power on earth could in-
duce me to consent to any State, or any set of
States, or any people m an}'portion of the United
States, dictating with arms in their hands the
terms upon which I would make peace with them
and a change of the Constitution.
Mr. POWELL. Would you see separation
before you would accept it r
Mr. GRIMES. Sir, I do not look to separa-
tion. I look to a restoration of the Union, and I
look to it by force if necessary. [Applause in the
galleries, which was checked by the Presiding
Officer.]
Mr. POWELL. The Senator and I look at
matters very differently. He avows that if he
thought the southern people would accept the
Crittenden compromise, he would not agree to an
armistice, and to withdraw the proclamations and
offensive laws, and propose peace to get them back
on those terms, t would, sir, and I believe it
would be the cheapest price that a great country
could pay for unity, for peace, for prosperity, and
for that happiness which would follow. If I had'
it in my power, I would do everything: that wa 
not dishonorable for the purpose of settling mat-
ters peaceably, and let us all live in that fraternal
kindness which once existed. That, however;is
not the temper of Senators on the other side. T
dare say all of them are of the same opinion with
the Senator from Iowa, and hence I may reason-
ably infer that they are not half as good Union
men as I am, notwithstanding the clamor that
they are eternally making for the Union, and their
constant flings against my loyalty. The country
will hardly think them-as ardently attached to the
Union as I am if they would not withdraw these
proclamations, repeal thp confiscation laws, and
take the Crittenden compromise, with the amend-
ments which I have indicated, as the price of the
Union. I would do it, and do it most cheerfully.
Senators, if we fight for twenty years, wc shall
have at last to settle the difficulty by compromise,
by negotiation. Is there any dishonor in this
Government, comprising much the larger half of
the Union, proposing terms of peace and settle-
ment to our sister States ? I would say none. If
we were independent nationalities,and had never
been united, we should have to settle the difficulty,
after war, by negotiation, by compromise, by
treaty. Why can we not lay aside our prejudices
long enough to do it with States that for long years
lived prosperously in one Confederacy with us ?
Senators, allow me to tell you that, entertaining
the sentiments you do on that subject, the world
will not give you the credit for that sincere attach-
ment to the Union which you have assumed to
enteitain.
Mr. President, the Senator from Pennsylvania
spoke very learnedly, and very eloquently, and
very elegantly about this matter of the habeas cor-
pus. He said the Constitution should be main-
tained, and there were doubts about the suspen-
sion of the writ. He said the President might be
right or he might be wrong in supposing he had
the right to suspend it. Jt is probable that the
President is wrong, for all the authorities are
against him. The Senator says that when the
authority to try a case has settled it, we all as good
citizens ought to obey. I concur with hinj in that
sentiment, and I tell him that every court in the
Union which has decided the question has decided
against the President. Then, as a good citizen,
the President ought to have been obedient to the
decision of the courts. Now I wish to put a ques-
tion to the Senator if he will allow me to do so.
There has been some contrariety of opinion in
these modern times whether the power to suspend
the habeas corpus is a legislative or an executive
power; but taking it for granted that the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus is legitimately sus-
pended,! ask the Senator, then, has the President
of the United States or any head of Department
a right to make an arrest? I should be obliged to
my learned friend if he would answer that ques-
tion. Has the President of the United States, or
the Secretary of War, or the Secretary of State,
power, without process oflaw, to arrest a citizen?
I do not meanasoldier; I grant thatasoldicrmay
be arrested by the Commander-in-Chief; but I ask
the Senator, has the President a right und^r the
Constitution of the United States to arrest a citi-
zen, a man not connected with the war, without
process oflaw?
Mi. COWAN. I can only answer that as I have
answered it heretofore: that is one of the very
questions to be determined. There is a school
which holds that the President may arrest without
' process of law, without the person arrested having
committed any offense whatever, merely upon the
supposition that he is plotting mischief and about
to execute his mischief. There is another school,
on the other hand, who hold that if the writ is
suspended, it does not authorize any officer to ar-
rest without due process of law, and without in
fact an offense having been commuted. It is one
of the very subjects m dispute. I h-ave not said
what my opinion upon that was, because it has
not been necessary that I should say it.
Mr. POWELL. I was confident that thelearned
Senator from Pennsylvania never would hazard
his high reputation as a lawyer by asserting that
the President could make an arrest in such a case
as I have indicated. Why, sir, the Constitution
upon that point is so clear, so plain, that I think
