1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the like, arc ail considered within the cognizance of miti-
tmy authority. In tiiis country ail the delinquencies of sol-
dier arc not tuabli;, in inotst countiie^of Euiope,hv
maitiai law; but where they are oidinaiy ofleiiM-a. us<uu:?t
the civil peace, they ate tned by the common law courts.
Tiierei'ore it is totally maccunite to Male matual law as
having any place whatever wnhin the realm oi Gieat
Britain."
He then proceeds to say that the army of that
country is governed by military law, consisting
of the mutiny act und the articles of war framed
by the Crown under its authority, and which is
enforced by military tribunals. Our Army is gov-
erned by similar laws, also enforced by military
courts, established not by presidential proclama-
tions, but by laws of Congress. But England is
too free for "martial law," and it cannot exist
there because it is in conflict with her unioritten
constitution; and yet Mr. Lincoln is striving to
establish it all over our country in defiuncc of our
written Constitution. Fiom that island it took its
flight moie than two centuries ago with the Stu-
aits,and has never since been declared by her
kings or military commanders except m her dis-
tantconquei ed provinces; and in the land of Wash-
ington it cannot find an abiding place. He did
not ^o to England to obtain martial law, for it was
not there; but to the despotisms of the continent.
The second clause of that proclamation declares:
" That the writ of habeas corpus is su^pcndciWn respect
to all porous ane?ted, or who aie now, or hcieaitcrduimg
the rebellion shall be, lmpii-oned in any foil, camp, ai-<enal,
imlitai v prixon, or other place of confinement, by anv mil-
itaiy authority, oi by the sentence ot any comt-maitial or
military commission.n
Judge Story, in his able work upon the Consti-
tution, says of the wiitof habeas corpus:
iC It H therefore justly esteemed the croar bulu .n k of per-
sonal libeity, s- nice it the appiopi i.ite icnieds tn a^cei tnm
whether anv pei^on i-j w iotiirtuliy in confinement oi not,
and the c.iu e of tin confinement; and it no sufficient
ground of detention appeais, the pai ty is cntith d to ins im -
mediate discharge."5
Magna Charta gave the right to this writ to ev-
ery subject of England, but it was obstructed and
baffled by most of her rulers until the latter part
of the reign of Charles II, when what is gener-
ally called the habeas corpus act was passed; and
the same great juust says:
"It has frequently been considered as another Magna
Chaua m that kingdom."
By this law the mode of obtaining the writ is
simplified, and it m made the common right of
Englishmen; and it cannot be suspended except
by Parliament pacing a law giving that power to
the sovereign.
With the great men who achieved our inde-
pendence and founded our Government jealousy
of executive power was a piedummant sentiment.
They were deeplyreod m history,and had learned
fiom it that whenever and wherever popular lib-
erty had obtained, it had been assmh'd by kings,
presidents, and officers clothed with executive
and miiitaiy power. They were warned by the
conflict which tin* English people had main-
tained for tiie benefit of this writ with their kings
for ccnturios; and when they obtained the final
victory, that thoy hod secured it by withholding
from th em the power of suspension and vested
it in Parliament. The lesson, that n was then
declared to be a hgislati\c power by an act of
Parliament, and had been so recognized by eight
successive soveieigns, without a claim by any one
to it, either its pterogalive or executive power,
was not lost on them. They also treated it as a
legislative power, but, being more jealous than
their English kindred, they determni'-d that this
great wutof personal liberty should nt vet be sus-
pended, except in times of rebellion and invasion,
and not even then unless the public safety should
require it; and in the section of tiie Constitution
imposing restrictions upon the poweis of Con-
gress, they added one to that effect.
To suspend this writ is not in its natme and es-
sence an executive power; and if it were, the Pres-
ident could not claim it unless there was apioviyion
in the Constitution which exmessod or imparted
an investiture of it in linn There is none. Mr.
Lincoln is the only Piesident who ever claimed it
as an executive power; and Marshall, Story, and
Tariey have held it to be legislative, and to belong
to Confess; and neaily all the judges and the pro-
fession of America have accorded with those great
legal lights. At the time of Burr's conspiracy Mr.
Jefferson remitted the question of the suspension
of this writ to Congress. The Senate passed a bill
for that purpose, which the House rejected; and
the matter dropped there, Mr. Jefferson neither
suspending nor claiming the right to suspend it.
On publishing this proclamation, Mr. Lincoln
immediately assumed the highest powers of legis-
lation. He declared several classes of crimes by
general and obscure language; provided for courts-
martial and military commissions to be ordained
by himself, to try all peisons whom his creatures
might charge to be guilty of those offenses, or of
any act or words which these courts might ad-
judge to be " disloyal practices affording aid and
comfort to the rebels against the authority of the
United States." He leaves with those courts an
arbitrary and unlimited power of punishment ac-
cording to martial law, oy death, imprisonment,
stripes, or any other mode which his minions
might adopt; and to make the cases of all persons
that they might adjudge to be punished icmcdi-
less and hopeless, he takes from them one of their
most precious constitutional rights, the benefit of
the writ of habeas corpus. He created a system of
surveillance and espionage over the whole United
States, except so far as it might he excluded by
hostile arms. He appointed an indefinite number of
officers, to be increased atluspleasure,and ordered
them to arrest any and every person on the war-
rant ot his judge advocate, under orders from the
Wai Dcpai tment,and report all theit proceedings
to his provost marshal at Washington, lie di-
rected his special provost marshals to employ the
assistance of citizens, constables, sheriffs, or po-
licemen, or to call on any available military lb ice
within their respective distncts to put down ail
obstructions to them, conie in what form tht-y
might, even though it were a writ of habeas corpus,
boi nc by a United States civil marshal from a judge
of the Supreme Court, inquiring for what cause
the citizen is arirsted and held in imprisonment.
He provided for the payment of compensation to
these myrmidons of the palace and War Office,
and the expenses of all their nefarious service.
Under the orders of Mr. Lincoln and his Sec-
retary of Wa r, this lawless organization has boldly
and contemptuously trampled under foot the wi it
of habeas corpus, and' the laws and the Constitution
both of States and the United States. No wonder
that, as this comprehensive scheme of despotism
was about being revealed and put into feat ful opei-
ation, the people rose in such great revolt again .t
it. They are devoted to the preservation of the
Union; but under the false pretense of the Presi-
dent and ins friends to restore it, they are immov-
able in their purpose not to suirender to them
their Constitution and liberties, and thus seal for-
ever its dissolution. They see distinctly that the
ginU and darling purpose of the abolition party
and of Mr. Lincoln—who, reckless of all his sol-
emn pledges to l he contrai y, has at length become
Us open chief—is not to suppiess the insui rection,
but to free the slaves everywhere; not to bring back
the rebels to obedience to the Constitution and
laws, so much as to punish, vengefnllyto punish
them; and to this end, in despite of the Federal Con-
stitution and the laws of ten States, to turn loose
anions them three millions of African slaves; to i
offer thrm the boon of freedom,and the perveision j
and prosti: ution of the executive Government, and .
of hie Army and Navy of the United Stales, to {
maintain a freedom offered without a shadow of j
powei to give it, as incentive-to those slaves to rise ,
and massaerc their owinus to make that freedom J
good; and this, not withstanding the President's
o.uh," to the best of his ability to pre serve, protect, |
and defend the Constitution of the United States," ,
whi'di makes it his duty to do all in his power to :
put down msui re tion and domestic violence in I
all th-.- Stat'js. The President tells us that this j
oath "is lecorded m heaven;" but suiely all i
temptation to break r must comc from the daik j
domain of hf oven's f ternal enemy.
Mi. Lincoln has at length squarely shouldered
the abolition pohev to destroy shivery, in defiance ,
of constitutions, laws, oaths, and every other oh- j
stae'e that may stand m the wa.v. His decree has
iTom; forth to 'the end of liberating three million j
slaves, and whuliv broking up thp social and do-
mestic mg-ip.ization often States, and reducing the ,
white lace to poverty,and to leave them mixed up 1
with the negroes in utter icokWsness with which !
race the mastery remains; and when so much of i
the woik is done, it is to be followed by theconsum- :
mationofwhathttie will remain. This is the grand j
scheme to which all the policy of the Administra- !
lion and all the power of the United Stales Gw*
eminent and Army and Navy, all the mea tha*
Mt\ Lincoln can get by volunteering, draft, oc
conscription, all the money he can command by.
taxation, borrowing, issuing bonds or demand-
notes, is to be devoted.
To support this grand project is to be the only
test of loyalty; to oppose it, disloyalty and trea-
son. This is the new and vicious fealty that is
to be introduced, and all who will not submit are
to be imprisoned, subjugated, and enslaved. The
audacious infractions of the Constitution, and this
whole complicated machinery, concocted and con-
structed in the recesses of the Executive Depart-
ments, is intended to inflict upon the southern
States this vast scheme of vengeance and desola-
tion. Whatever betido the constitutional freedom
of the other States, that region is to be blasted emd
bccome accurscd! Sir, the people of America
have risen in their greatness, and have also pro-
claimed, and their proclamation is that theywill
bring to a common and irretrievable ruin both
this great scheme of wickedness and its authors*
They will not permit any part of the United States
to be swept over by this destroying demon.
Mr. President, the party in power actsas though
they were to hold it forever. Men should remem-
ber how mutable is party ascendency, and that the
bitter cup which this year they mix for other lips,
the next may be tendered to their own. In the
future of our country, a man of ability and daring
ambition would ask no other warrant to subvert
our system, and to establish a despotism on its
ruins, than the precedent which this Administra-
tration and its friends, par excellence, are striving
so hard to establish. When another internal war
breaks out, how easy for such a man to seize
upon the antagonism between the Roman Cath-
olic and the Protestant faiths, and awaken pas-
sions far more wide-reaching and fierce, and pro-
ductive of consequences much more deplorable
i and bloody, and march to a dictatorship or em-
pire, marshaled on his way by these precedents.
Mr. President, in the beginning or this great
trouble, aboutone half of the people of the seceded
Slates were opposed to secession. In Tennessee
the majority against it was some sixty thousand;
Virginia, about fifteen thousand; and Georgia,
Louisiana, and Texas were nearly equally di-
vided. The white population of all the rebel
I States is eight millions. That number of people,
| inhabiting a countiy so extensive, and with such
j varied advantages for defense, when united, can-
! not be conquered by the armies of an exterior foe.
| The history of Switzerland, Holland, the Amer-
I ican Colonies, Circassia, under the lead of her
j warrior priest, Sehamyl, and of the woild in mod-
I crn times, establishes that truth; and upon it all
! operations against the rebels should have beencon-
• ducted. Keep those States divided, and increase
the loyal party in them, and strengthen and eon-
| sohdate the Union party in the Union States, was
the only policy upon which it was possible to put
down the insunection. But the President and his
party have adopted a policy, which, if it had been
so designed, could not have been more successful
in uniting the people of the rebel States and di-
viding those of the loyal States. Instead of seek-
ing to suppress the insurrection by measures within
the Constitution, observing its provisions and the
rights of the American people, the laws, institu-
tions, property, traditions, and even prejudices,
of the seceded States, and thus separating the
masses from their guilty leaders, all, all have been
violated and outraged. The crowning act of weak-
ness, folly, and wickedness—the proclamation of
freedom to the slaves—spares neither the inno-
cent nor guilty; but, with insane fury, strikes both
alike. What power is there in the United States
Government, in the President, or the Commander-
in-Chief, to J^ee the slaves of a loyal man? And
from how many thousands ofgoodand true Union
men, aged, helpless, of unsound mind, widows and
orphans, does that diabolical measure propose to
take their property and reduce them to want,
against all the guarantees of the Constitution and
laws ?
Sir, mont schemes for the assumption of des-
potic power have been furtively conceived,and
pressed step by step with caution; but this one i3
the most extensive and bold that ever burst sud-
denly and full grown upon the world.-If the gfand
and audacious wickedness of the enterprise was
matched by tho genius, courage, and energy of
