1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
the school of which he speaks as asserting the
power must be a very small one indeed, i have
heard no man assert it directly, though I have
heard intimations of that kind. Now, what isthe
provision of the Constitution ? The suspending
of the writ of habeas corpus and the making of ar-
rests are two separate and distinct things. A cit-
izen in this country cannot be lawfully arrested
without process of law, and that process must issue
not from the Executive, but from anot.her distinct
and separate body of magistracy, to wit, the ju-
diciary. The judges, the judicial magistrates,
through the aid of their sheriffs, marshals, &c.,
make arrests.
Mr. COWAN. My learned friend will allow
me to ask him just here, whether the authorities,
the precedents, are not against him upon thai
question in that country from which wc derive our
writ of habeas corpus, and from whence we have
derived the very frame and texture of our laws?
Is it not so, that there the monarch arrests with-
out due process of law, and without, in fact, the
parties arrested having committed any offense
whatever; but they were arrested ex supcrabund-
ante cautela, out of excessive caution ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes; I would say to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that the King of England
arrested John Hampden lawlessly,and that caused
the revolution it) England.
Mr. POWELL. I will road the words of the
Constitution:
" The right of thu people to be secure m their pci?ons,
houses, paper*, and eliVet* agauwt unreasonable seaichcs
nnd seizures shall not he violated ; and no warrants -.hall
issue but upon probable cau-(} supported by oath or affii illa-
tion, and particulaily dosciibinp the place to be searched,
and the persons or thing* to bo seized."
Again:
" Nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to
be twteo put in jeopardy ot' lite 01 limb, nor sdiul! he com-
pelled in anyeiiinmal ea-iu to be a witness nj*aln«t himself,
nor bo deprived ot hlo, hhcity, or properly Without due pro-
cess of law."
That is the Constitution of your country. There
is no power in tins Government to anest a citizen
except upon warrant and in the mode piesenbed
in the Constitution and law. I admit that under
the law, in some cases of sudden emeigency, you
may lawfully seize a man, but then you would
hand him over instantly to the judicial authori-
ties; and if you held him for any other purpose
than to hand him over to the courts in order to
have him propeily committed upon warrant, you
Would be a trespasser. It has been so held by
the eouitH over and over again. If I weie to go
to the law library 1 could give you a cart-load of
authorities on that very point. And yet, sir, we
find the President;' we find Mr. Sewaid, the Sec-
retary of State; Mr. Stanton, the Secietaiy of
Wai, and Mr. Cameron, his predecessor, by tcl-
egiaphie dispatehes sent through the country,
arresting citizens without warrant and without
charge. Sir, it is because 1 concur with the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania in saying that we should
support, the Constitution, that I oppose all these
things. I know that, you cannot preserve the
Union and the Jibei ties of the people unless you
preserve the Constitution of your c.ountty. The
Constitution is the shield that protects every man;
it is the casket m which all our liberties are bound
up. Break that,and your liberties are gone. You
piopose by til is lull to o\ei thiow it, and that, too,
in the most vital parts. You propose to clothe
tin4 President with a power that will make hnn
as absolute a despot as the Czar of Russia ever
was. The truth is, that if Mr. Lincoln is not a
dictator, it is not because this Congress has not
exhibited a willingness to give him every power
that would enable him to be the most despotic dic-
tator. You have allowed him to suspend the wt;t
of habeas corpus; you have allowed him to seize
citizens and keep them in pnson for mouths and
months without wutrant and without trial; you
have passed a law sweeping uway the lights of
the States, and putting all their militia under ins
absolute control. What is it that you have not
done? You have done everything you eouid do,
and that, too, in utter distegaid of the Constitu-
tion, to put absolute power in las hands. 1 have
resisted these measures because I believed they
would destroy the institutions of my country and
o vol ihi ow the liberty of the people. By this law
you vntuaily close the couits against the injured
citizen and attempt to relieve conupt and guilty
cflicuiU
Senators talk of the war. Let me tell them there
are two wars going on in this country. One is
spoken about a great deal, but the other is a war
on the Constitution and the liberties of the citizens
in the loyal States. 1 am opposed to both these
wars. I am opposed to the war between the two
sections of the country; I am opposed to Presi-
dent Lincoln's war on the Constitution of his
country, on the liberties of the citizen, and I ex-
pect ever to stand opposed to both, because I think
neither is calculated to do any good, but both to
do great harm. What boots it to us if we carry
our flag to the remote boundary of the Republic,
as it formerly existed, provided our constitutional
rights and liberties are overthrown? Who here
would desire to live in a despotism? I suppose
none. 1 wish to live in a free constitutional Gov-
ernment. That is my desire, and hence I believe
it is my duty, not only as a citizen, but as a Sen-
ator, to preserve the Constitution, and to assault
all who attempt to infract it. Hence it is that 1
oppose both these wars, and I have opposed them
from the beginning. I am sure I have done it very
much alone. 1 have had no great party at my
heels.
The Senator from Pennsylvania very kindly
suggested to me, that perhaps i would not be as
much favored by the people in the South as ho.
1 think that very probable. They think that I
ought to have gone with them. 1 stood by the
Constitution of my country. Many of my friends
dear and near to me went. I chose not to go. I
would not follow their fortunes, and for that I
know i am in no great favor at the South. The
President and the party which administers the
Government to which 1 owe allegiance, and to
which 1 claim,at least, to be loyal, uudeitook to
overthrow, and have, to a great extent, overthrown
the Constitution of my country, and I thought
that would be destructive of the hbeityof the cit-
izen, even in the loyal States, and 1 resisted that.
I am in no favor with Mr. Lincoln, and I do not
suppose I am in any better favor down South. I
do not regaul the favor of either. I would much
rather have a conscience that told me I had dared
todo what I believed was right, than to be in favor
with the confederate government or the Govern-
ment at present administered by Mr. Lincoln, or
both. That is the way I feel about U. I did not
take my position for favor. I knew then as well
as 1 do now that the position I occupied was not
one that would give me favor with those who ad-
minister either government. I couid not advocate
the policy of cither; 1 have opposed both. I very
well knew that it would give me no popularity or
favor with either. I believe, however, that since
the wild suicidal policy of this Administration has
been earned to tiie extent that it has been—and I
confess I nevei thought it would be earned to that
extent—it is making a great many people of my
opinion, and I should not be astonished if I had
soon quite a respectable party m numbers, as i
have had in talents and viitue ail the time. Often
voting in this Senate a!#ne, and sometimes with
but two or thiee with me, recruits arc commgin,
our numbeisare becoming respectable, and if the
voice of the people was heeded a majority in this
Senate would be with me.
I letnemberthe time when if a man declared for
peace, for settling our difficulties by compromise,
and opposed the war, the people were leady to
crucify him; but I find that now sovereign States
in the West and East are on platforms precisely
such os I have been on all the tune. I find that
they have sent up a great many membeis to the
next Congress of mv way of thinking. Why is
this? It lias been, Senators, if you will allow me
to say so, and I do it with great deference, be-
cause of your radical policy. If you had con-
ducted this war within the Constitution of your
countiy; if you had observed that instrument as
sacredly as my fmmd from Pennsylvania says we
all should; if you had been obedient to the law,
these divisions would not now exist. If you had
conducted the war for the purpose singly of re-
storing the Union and the Constitution, these dif-
ferences would not now exist. You set out wilh
the declaration that you would do so; and while
you acted upon that policy volunteers came to
your standard more than you wanted; you had
to tuin them off; everybody was with you in all
the loyal States, except a fow who believed that
the war would be destructive of the Union. That
was the st \t<• of things before vou abandon'd that
policy. You abandoned it, and began to make
the people believe by your measures that you did
not regard the Constitution of yourcountry; you
passed confiscation bills that were held by men
of the greatest eminence and purity to be m vio-
lation of your Constitution; the President issued
proclamations in regard to negroes that the most
eminent men have declared to be unconstitutional;
you justified the President in arresting people
without warrant, in violation of the Constitution,
depriving them of their liberties, and a hundred
other things that I could name; you have acted
upon that policy; and can you get any volunteers
now? No, sir; the soldiers say they did not con-
tract for that; they did not enlist in your Army
to fight the battles of the negro; they did not en-
list in your Army for the purpose of overthrow-
ing the Constitution; they enlisted for other pur-
poses; and now you have to resort to conscription
laws that are, in my judgment, in utter violation
of the Constitution. 1 will not, however, discuss
that matter now. I have heretofore, at some
length, expressed my opinions on it. You hltve
attempted to put the militia of the States, who,
under the Constitution, should be organized by
the sovereign States and called into your service
only through the State organizations, under the
control of the President by virtue of the conscrip-
tion bill which you very recently passed. Now
you propose to clothe the Executive with the
power that he has attempted to exercise without
your aid, of suspending the writ of habeas corpus
all over the country in any case, not only to pre-
vent the liberation of persons guilty of treason or
treasonable practices or aiding and abetting the
enemy, but, if you pass the bill now before you,
you clothe him with the power to prevent a man
from being liberated on a habeas corpus who is
confined for any offense that he may choose to
suspend the writ for. A man may be confined
for the smallest petty larceny, for manslaughter,
or for any other offense, and under this bill the
President may deny hnn the privilege of the writ
o(habeas corpus. You justify your President in
making illegal arrests. The people see these
things. They know that they can only maintain
their bbei ties by maintaining and protecting the
Constitution of their country; and hence it is,
Senators, that your party is becoming very lank
and very lean. You never would have been driven
to conscription laws if you had prosecuted the
war within the Constitution of your country.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says we should
all be obedient to I he majority. Let me tell him
that the present Administration was not put in
power by a majority. 1 admit that Mr. Lincoln
was legally and constitutionally elected under the
forms of law; but he never was elected by a ma-
jority of the votes of the people of the United
States.
Mr. COWAN. Is not that the majority which
the Constitution prescribes?
Mr. POWELL. 1 stated that he was legally
and constitutionally elected, but he did not get the
majority of the votes of the people. But, sir, I
do not always succumb to majorities, particularly
when the majority, in my judgment, is destroy-
ing the countiy and overthrowing its Constitu-
tion. i never yield my devotion to the Consti-
tution and my oath of office to any majority; 1 care
not if I stand alone, I would oppose the whole of
the people of the Union if I thought they were
violating the Constitution.
Mr. President, i will now review some of the
other sections of this bill; I have noticed the first.
I hope the Senate will be patient. They have list-
ened to me very kindly. I have yielded the floor,
and answered eveiy question that has been asked,
and perhaps I have been a little prolix in conse-
quence.
What is the second section of this bill' It im-
poses certain duties on the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of State. It requires them to make
lists of all prisoncis they have confined and return
them to the courts in the various States and Dis-
trict of Columbia. Then it provides that those
parties shall be brought before the courts and tried;
yes, sir, tried; either discharged or committed;
and it imposes a penalty upon those who have
them m custody, upon the jailors, a penalty of fine
and imprisonment, if the-y do not release them.
We find a -singular omission in the bill. It is the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of State who
have caused the«e illegal arrests; and yet you im-
