THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, J). G.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1863.
New Series.....No; 9$. *
pose no line, no imprisonment, on the Secretary
of War or the Secretary of State if they should be
disobedient to your law. Why do you not punish
them ? They are the great criminals, if there is
any criminality. You punish the poor jailor who
retains a man in the Capitol prison, or your lieu-
tenant, or captain, or major, who is in command
at Fort Warren or Port La Fayette, with fine and
imprisonment if you direct and they do not con-
form to your will; but, sir, if your Secretary of
War or your Secretary of State fail, do you im-
pose any penalty on them oreitherof them ? None
atali. What do they care for your law? They
violated both the Constitution and the laws of the
laqd in arresting and imprisoning these men. If
you wish to make them obedient to the law, you
cannot do it by the love they have for the Consti-
tution or the respect they have for their oaths of
office, because you have tried them with those
tests, and they stand violators of the law.
You should have imposed penalties upon them
harsh and heavy. Where you would fine the poor
jailor five hundred dollars, you should fine them
five thousand dollars. Where you would impris-
on the poor jailor for a term not less than six
months, you should imprison them for not less
than six years for being disobedient to the laws.
The higher the official, the greater the criminal,
the harsher should be the penalties upon him, for
the reason that he is intrusted with the execution
of your laws, and he of all others should be pun-
ished most severely for their infraction. Why,
sir, Mr. Seward and Mr. Stanton will laugh at
your law unless they choose voluntarily to exe-
cute it. You place no penalty upon them for its
infraction. Why thatomission ? They have not
been obedient to the Constitution and laws. Can
you expect any more obedience to this law than
to those that are on your statute-book and to the
Constitution? Certainly not. It will be a mere
bagatelle so fur as those greatest of criminals are
concerned. I use the word " criminal3' to indicate
those infracting the law,and in that sense only.
Then what is proposed to be done by the third
section of this bill? You attempt by law to infract
the Constitution of your country. Part of it is
clearly unconstitutional, because you say to aman
arrested that he shall stay in prison twenty days
before he shall have process of law to be released.
The Constitution declares that he shall have a
speedy trial. The third section of this bill pro-
vides that he may be kept in custody twenty days
without allowing the process of the court to re-
lease him from his prison-house. That is plainly
in violation of the written Constitution of the laud.
Then when you come to the fourth section 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky say what provision of the Constitution is
so grossly violated by that third section ? Lot him
lay his fingers on it.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir, I can.
Mr. HOWARD. Give us the law and the testi-
mony.
Mr. POWELL. Here it is. This third section
provides that these men shall be retained in cus-
tody twenty days before they are released, and
here is the provision of the Constitution:
"In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial, by an impaitial jury of the
State and district wheiein the crime shall have been com-
mitted.55
The Constitution guaranties to him a speedy
trial Here you delay it for twenty days before
you allow him to have any process of law to be
brought before the courts.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to put to him another question?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Is it not then an equal viola-
tion of the Constitution to arrest a man and keep
him under bonds for any length of time before
putting him on his trial? How is it that a man
can be arrested and detained at all without being
brought to immediate trial? What right has a
court, what right has an officer, what right has
anybody after having seized a traitor to hold him
for a single minute without a trial ? It is a great
" 93
violation of his rights, according to the doctrine
of the gentleman from Kentucky. Still, I believe
it is practiced all the while, uniformly. Let us
understand each other. The accused is entitled
to a speedy trial. What does " speedy" mean?
Within a convenient and reasonable time.
Mr. POWELL. I will answer the question of
the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. Let us have a running com-
mentary upon the Constitution.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator thinks if a per-
son is placed under bonds, that that would be a
denial of a speedy trial under my construction of
the Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. No, I do not say so. I say
your argument produces that result.
Mr. IPO WELL. Not so, sir. If you arrest a
man for treason upon affidavit,'take him before
the court, and the judges investigate the charge,
that is a preliminary trial; and if he were to be
committed to prison for the offense to wait until
the regular term of the court, first having had a
preliminary trial or investigation of the case to see
whether he &as rightfully or wrongfully arrested,
he could not complain. The court would take the
testimony, and if they thought him guilty they
would commit him for further trial. If they
thought him innocent, they would release him.
If the offense was a bailable one, they would al-
low him to give bail. This clause of this bill,
however, allows him to remain there twenty days
before you can icach him by any process.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator pardon me
for interrupting him again?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. He certainly misquotes the
Constitution. The Constitution does not mean
a mere preliminary examination in the language
it uses respecting " a speedy trial." It declares
that " in all criminal prosecutions the accused
shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial
by an impartial jury." &c. Is that a preliminary
examination to ascertain whether there is prob-
able cause, or is it public trial by a jury> Does
a jury ascertain whether there is probable cause?
'Mr.POWELL. The pielinnnary examination
is only to give an opportunity to ascertain whether
the presumptions of guilt are against the party.
That is the object. It is a process by which they
ascertain when a party is arrested whether or not
he shall be committed for further trial. If he
proves innocent, they release him instantly. That
is the object of the preliminary examination.
Otherwise a man against whom there was no evi-
dence might be imprisoned for months.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no clause in the
Constitution requiring a preliminary examination
of an accused person; and we all know perfectly
well that they are very frequently indicted and
arrested and brought to trial without any prelim-
inary examination, in the common acceptation of
the word.
Mr, POWELL. That is so; but there is an-
other clause in the Constitution which says a man
shall not be deprived of his life, libei ty, or prop-
erty without due process of law. 1 will say to
the Senator that all these preliminary examina-
tions are conducted in favor of the liberty of the
citizen. They are in accordance with the law,
and that law made in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will pardon
me-  
Mr. POWELL. I will put it to the Senator
himself. Let me interrogate him a little. Turn
about is fairplay. Have you a constitutional right
by any law to place a man in prison and retain
him there for thirty, forty, or fifty days, before
he is permitted to go before the court tor an in-
vestigation of some kind, whether a preliminary
or a final hearing?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not understand this bill
as making any such provision. The third section
declares:
And in case the said Secretaries of State and War shall
for any reason refuse or omit to lurnish the said Iti-t ot per-
son* hfid as prisoner* as aforesaid at the time of th«* pa^~
" I ■ II | I ilffilMj HM
sage of this act within twenty days thereafter, and of sft&l
persons as hereafter may be arrested within twenty
from the time of the arrest, any citizen may, after a gnuUt
jury shall have terminated its session without finding ail in-
dictment or presentment, as provided in theseennd "section
of this act, by a petition alleging the facta aforesaid toueft-*
ing any of the persons so as aforesaid imprisoned, supported
by the oath of such petitioner or any other credible p'ersoh;
obtain and be entitled to have the said judge's order to:dfe-
charge such prisoner on the same terms and conditions pre~
scribed in the second section of this act: Provided, however*
That the said judge shall be satisfied such allegations are
true.
The Senator argues this question as if the law
actually commanded the detention of the accused
for the space of twenty pays, and refused to re-
lieve him, or liberate him, or bring him to trial.
This is plainly a perversion, I will not say a de-
signed perversion, but it is plainly a perversion
of the very text of the bill as well as of the intent.
Mr. POWELL. Does not the Senator &nov^
that under the second section of this bill the party
cannot be released until the Secretary of War and'
the Secretary of State shall make out these lists?
After they return them, then only, under the pro-
visions of this bill, is the party entitled to go be-
fore the court. The Secretaries have to return
them to the court, and if they do not return theill
there, and that time shall expire, the party is en-
titled to some process, but not until then. If the
Senator will read the whole bill, he will see that
it is very clear that if these officers choose not to
make these lists within twenty days,the party will
have to remain for that time before having any
hearing whatever.
Now let us look a little into the fourth section
of this bill, which I will read:
Sec. 4. Ami he it further enactcd, That any order of the
President,or under his authority, made at any time during
the existence of the present lebclUon, shall be a defense ift
all courts to any action or prosecution, civil or criminal,
pending or to bo commenced, for any search, seizure, ar-
rest, or imprisonment, made, done, or committed, or acts
omitted to be done under and by virtue of such order, or
under color of any law of Congress; and such defense may
be made by special plea, or under the general issue.
Now, Senators, what think you of that section ?
You declare by the fourth section of this bill that
if this arrest is made or this wrong done either
to person or property, by order of the President,
or by order of those who act under his authority,
that may be pleaded in bar of the right to recover
for the loss of liberty or the destruction of prop-
erty. You plainly declare in this section that if
the President shall issue an unconstitutional edict,
an edict in violation of the law, or should give an
order to have any man arrested, or to have any
man's property destroyed, that order of the Pres-
ident shall be the defense of the party who com-
mits the injury. Was there ever so monstrous a
proposition proposed in any enlightened legisla-
tive body ? Yes, sir; it says—
That any order of the President, or under his authority,
made at any time dining the existence of the presenirebel-
Iton, shall be a defence in all couits to any action or prose-
cution, civil or criminal, &c., and such defense may be
made by special plea or under the general issue.
Can you excuse a man for committing an of*
fense because the President unlawfully or ille-
gally orders it, §r authorizes another to order it?
Why, sir, suppose the President was to order one
of Ins satraps to rob a Senator, to take his prop-
erty, to burn his house*or to deprive him of lib-
erty, and he were to do it, would you pretend to
say it would be a valid defense to plead that he
was ordered to do so by the President? That is
your law.
Mr. COLLAMER. Oh, no, that is not so.
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; if the President of
the United States should order the Senatorfrom
Vermont to be incarcerated and kept in a dungeon;
his house to be seized and occupied, or destroyed;
his cattle driven off, all his property taken, un-
der this law you say that order shall be pleaded
in defense by special plea, or under the general
issue. Now, will a grave Senate pass a kiw pay-
ing that such on act or such an order shall be a de-
fense against the trespasser, the wrong-doer, the
criminal, if you please ? For if this party goes
there under the authority of the President, ami
takes your property by force, without color or.
