1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that case was, whether an appeal would Ho from
the decision of the highest tribunal in a State to t he
Supreme Court ot the United States, where there
was an act of Congress that provided for transfer-
ring a case decided in the highest tribunal of a Stale
to the Supreme Court of the United States, where
the decision •f the State court was in opposition to
some right set up under the Constitution or a law
of Congress, and the court held thatan appeal lay
in such a case as that. That was not a cummal
proceeding; but the State of Virginia, whence this
case came, had denied the authority of the Su-
preme Court of the United States to entertain juris-
diction, and that was the question settled. In
reasoning; about it, Justice Story says that this
power of removing- cases from one court to another
is a thing that is common. He says:
" TUc existence of this, povrn of icmoval js familiar m
courts acting accoulnis to the eoni.>o ot the common law
in ciimmnl .is well .1^ civil and it isexeicised beiore
as well at'iei judgment."
He slates that this is a familiar thing in courts
acting under the couise of the common law; and
in another part of jus opinion he sdys that unless
this were so, theie might he no remedv in crim-
inal cases; but it has never been held that crim-
inal cases could be transfened in this way. There
is no such decision; tlieie is no such piecedent.
The precedent of 1815, rctl rrod to by the Senator
from Vermont, provides expressly—
u That tins act not be construed to ;i|rply to any ptos-
CCUtion tor an otf:u:>o involving eoipore.il punishment."
Mr. COLLAMETt. The gentleman will per-
ceive that tiie exception insei ted there shows that
it was drawn to reach, and did cover, criminal
cases, and would have covered them all if it had
not been for that exception.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In mv judgment no court
would so consti ue it, but out of abundant caution
those woids wcie put in. i do not mean to say
that we might not piovido by law for removing
the decision of a question from a State couit to a
United States court in a criminal case. I think
we might perhaps make that provision. A case
is put in this very book by one of the judges in
delivering his opinion. He says:
"Suppose a loreign ininibter. oi an officer, acting regu-
Jaily under auMionry of riie United tfuu's, poized to <t.i\,
tiled to-mo"row, and Imiried the next day to fweoiition.
Such eases m<iv occui. and have ocmiuhi, in oitiei coun-
tiThe an^n, vindictive jm-^ioik ot men have too
01 tell made their v\ <t> into judicial tiilmimiand \% <: 0.111-
uut hope lori'vui to e-o-ipe then bah-iul mtliu'nce Jn the
cu*e MippOsed, thete ought io l>  a power somewhcic to rn-
stiam 01 punisl!, 01 the Union imbi ite dt>-oiv<-d. Atpics-
ent, the uncontrollable e\r>ieuo oi eiiumi.il jniKdietioii id
mo^t s-eeurclj confided to tlv State tubunaK. Tiie cotuts
ot The Unitod 3:atcj ;w vesjrvl vvuh no pmvei to ^'riunuze
into the piocet-ihiig- of the finite couiis m eimnnal cims;
011 the eontiaiy. the (iori'nai (iovennnent iu>. in more than
one instance, exhibited lix 11 coatuli'ii'v bv a wish to ve t
them wit!) tne evuttum of then ow n pfii.M law. And e ex-
treme, indeed. [ lint-tot imvlf. must b-  th" e m whieii
the General fJovernment c 011UI evei L>e induced to n-^Mt
tins nght. It' ever Mich a ease .-iiould occm, it will he tune
enough to decide upon then constitutional power to do t-o."
It is possible that a provision might be made by
which the question of law should be referred to
the United States courts, and the offender held in
custody until that decision was had, and the State
tribunals compelled to abide by the decision of the
Supreme Cnui t of the United States on that ques-
tion; but still it does not follow if that were so,
that you could take the ct iminal out from the State
jurisdiction and administer the State law. Sup-
pose the decision of tho court—and that is the case
i put—is that the party is not protected by the Uni-
ted States law oi the United States Constitution;
then, i ask, what arc you <romo- to do with him?
He has committed no oftenso against the laws of
the United States. Can the United States courts
administer the State law? There is the trouble.
Tins bill is not framed, and there is no machinery
in it for testing this law question and holding the
criminal in custody until it is decided, and then
turning him over to the State tribunal to be dealt
with. The whole fiame of the bill goes upon the
supposition that the action is a civil proceeding;
and my trouble is that you cannot so frame a law
which would be constitutional,as would aliow the
United States courts to ndmirustcrtheStatclaws.
It is not an offense. against the United States law
that a man commits in a State. The United States
have no general jurisdiction over criminal offenses.
They cannot punish for larceny, or robbery, or
arson, or murder, except it is in connection with
the exercise of United States authoiity in u local-
ity where the United States have exclusive juris-
diction; but, for the ordinary criminal offenses
which are commuted, they cannot prescribe and
never undertake to prescribe the punishment; and
therefore 1 ihmk it would not be better to insert
the wotd ''criminal" here.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have very grave objections
to the substitute which lias been rcpoited by the lj
Committee 011 the. judiciary for the bill which 1
passed the House of Representatives on the 9th
of December last, but I do not purpose to enter
upon that now. I shall confine myself to the
amendment which is pending to the substitute. 1
believe the honorable Senator from New York
proposes to insert in the thud line of the substi-
tute, after the word " prosecution," the words
" civil or criminal." The effect of that is intended
to be, I presume—it certainly will be—the as-
sumption, by the authoiity of Congress, of the
powei of icmoving from a State court the exer-
cise of its cinnmal jurisdiction. It is perfectly
clear, and has been fiequ'ently decided, that the
criminal laws of the United States cannot be en-
forced in the State couits; nor can the criminal
laws of the State courts be enforced in the courts
of the United States. If a party is indicted in a
criminal prosecution in a State comt for an of-
fense, it must be an offense against the laws of
the State. Does this Congiess mean to pass a
law which shall authonze offenses against the
laws of the States to be tried m the circuit court
of the United States on appeal? When 1 pur-
sue the substitute further, it seems that it would
not only give the power to appeal before trial,
but after judgment in a criminal case, to cany the
case into the circuit court of the United States to
rehear it on the law and the facU.
Sir, I cannot believe that that is within 'he in-
tentof the Federal Constitution. 1 cannot believe
it is within your poweis in any way whatevei.
I can easily .see that it must lead nereyxai ii v to the
cntiur destruction of tho power of the States as
legnrds their own criminal jurisprudence. It tends
to a system of centralization which must subvert
and biealc down this Government, it csrried out.
The motives of gentlemen i have nothing to do
with. I am endeavoring to show what the effect
of such an amendment would be.
I will put a case, and it is the strongest ease I
can put. Suppose that in a collision between two !
individuals, one luiK the other within the bound- 1
ancs of a State, and the survivor is indicted for 1
murder under the laws of the State. Can he re- 1
mo\e the indictment for murder, as a violation of ;
tho pence and dignity of the State, into a couit of ;
the United States, and have the \urdietand sen- .
leiice of that court as to whether he has been j
cuilty of murder or not, because he chooses to !
allege that he engaged m this affray under color ;
of authority from the President of the United ;
States? That is the effect of.this amendment, j
however, if it is adopted. Is it possible that the 1
Senate can pass a law of that kind? I am not j
speaking of the substitute as reported by the com- 1
mittee, but of the effect of the amendment before ■
the Senate, which will carry the entire criminal 1
justice of the States for offenses against the laws j
of the States, both on the facts as well as the law, j
befoie the Federal tiibunal;-. j
Suppose a case of an indictment for murder, {
an offense against the peace and dignity of the j
State, is carried to and tried in the circuit court, !
say on on appeal. Can a com t of the United States '
render judgment for an offense against the lawsof j
a State in a criminal case? Where does the au- 1
thouty come from p On the other hand, by what :
authority can a court of the United States acquit j.
a man of an off nse against the laws of a State? lj
This stands entirely apart from the question jj
whether, where a pai ty claims to be acting under 'j
the authoiity of a law of th^ United Stares, the /
decision of the State court of last resort is not re- 1,
viable by the Supreme Court of the United States.
That is a question of law alone. Hut neither in
the event of' the' aeomttal of the party in su^h a
case os 1 have mentioned, nor of his conviction,
would a couit of the United States have any au-
thority to pronounce judgment; the judgment
would be a nullity. Could u convict and hang the
man, supposing him to be guilty of murder > Sup-
pose the allegation of the party turns out to be
either unfounded in fact, or that there was an en-
tire excels of authoi lty; and therefore if there was
any authority on the part of the President, there
could be no justification or excuse for the act.
Suppose the President of the United States were
to give a written order to an officer, without reason
or anything else, to go into a State and arrest**
man, or, if yo.u please, go and break open life
door, and take away his property, and the man
resists and is kilted; is not that, in the entire ab-
sence of authority, murder? The Presid-ent can
no more delegate such a power to an individual
than the individual can exercise it himself. If he
does, and he kills the man in attempting the vio-
lation of his rights, he is guilty of murder by th©
law of the State.
But I will tako the other case. I will suppose
the party had no such authoiity from the Presi-
dent of the United States, or it was disavowed;
but he claims to have acted under color of author-
ity. The facts are to be tried in the circuit court,
we are toltl, if this amendment be adopted. In the
case I have mentioned, the circuit court beyond
all question would have to say that the party had
no justification; and of course if he killed the man
he was guilty of mmder. How would a United
States jury convict ? They would convict for an
offense against the laws of the State, not against
tiie laws of the United States. There is no law
of the United States violated; there is no law of
the United States in issue; there is a simple ques-
tion as to whether tho party violated the law*of
the State.
Tho proposition here is to transfer all that class
of cases, of which I have only cited one instance,
on appeal, for trial in the Federal courts. If the
defendant is convicted in your courts you cannot
punish him; and if he is acquitted, the acquittal
•goes for nothing and would not prevent a subse-
quent indictment. The right of pardon under tho
Oonsiimuon of the United States is in the Presi-
dent of the United States; but the President of the
United States cannot pardon,and you cannotgive
him the power to pardon, a man convicted of an
offense against the laws of a State; nor could the
Governor of a State undertake to 1 emit a sentence
pionounced bv acircuit courtof the United States,
no matter what tho sentence might be. The whole
thing, therefoie, ns regards this proposed amend-
ment, is plainly wiong. As to the restof the sub-
stitute itself, I have one or two amendments to offer
to it, and in the progress of the discussion I may
probably, though not certainly, have occasion to
speak at lar e upon the geneial character of the
substitute itself and my objections to it. I do not
propose to enter upon that subject now.
Mr.COWAX. i am exceedingly sorry thatan
angry or acrimonious debate should arise upon
this bill; because, being an impoi tant one, it is all-
lmpoi tant that it should be deliberated upon calmly
and coolly, and with an eye to the best interests
of the country. I should have been glad to hear
my learned friend from Delaware pursue his an-
alogy a little further. It is very well known that
there is a very large and respectable authority in
this country which gives to the President the right
to suspend the privilege of the habeus corpus act.
Their argument gives that to the President, and
they deduce from it a power to which the Sena-
tor fiom Illinois alluded a few minutes ago, and
which 1 think has been claimed directly upon this
floor for the President; and that is, that in and by
\irtue of that act of suspension, he had the right
not only to arrest guilty men, who might after-
wards be convicted, but to arrest men not yet
guilty; that, by a proceeding similar to the hide
suspect which at one time prevailed#^ France,-he
had the right to arrest and detain people suspected
to be guilty.
Now, Mr. President, let us sttppose for a mo-
ment that that be true; that that is the true view
and the true construction of the Constitution.
Then a warrant underthe sign-manual ofthe Pres-
ident, and if you please with the great seal upon
it, is directed to A ordering him to arrest B.
Whether B be guilty or not, or whether lie only
be suspected to be guilty, is not material. The
officer takes that warrant, and in endeavoring to
execute K, in consequence of B's resisiance, the
latter is killed within the limits of Pennsylvania.
A is indicted for the offense. Upon the validity
of that warrant the character of the offense may
entiiely depend; because if it was a valid warrant,
if the President had a right to issue it, and if A
was right m executing it, and he used no more
force than was necessary to execute it, then it
would constitute a complete justification; but how
is lie to be justified? Under the Constitution the
