1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
in which the Executive can arrest and imprison a
jparty as a suspect, in the language that is adopted
m the action of the French Government ? He may
ss well do what is the common practice of the
French Government, banish him from the country
without any warrant of law to justify it, as arrest
and imprison his person without judicial process
founded on the fact that he is suspected. No one,
I suppose, would contend that the Government of
France is a free Government. It may be well ad-
ministered for the people of that country, foraught
1 know. 1 pretend not to pass upon the admin-
istration of either justice or law in a country of
which I have no peculiar personal knowledge. All
I can say is it is a form of government not intended
to be established in this Government, not suited
to the genius of our people; a form of government,
in my judgment, which, though in the hands of
an able and very virtuous man might be bene-
ficially used for the welfare of the people at large,
would be far more liable to end in tyranny and
oppression and in the grossest despotism than to
achieve any other result. It was for the security
and permanence of the liberties of the country and
the personal rights of the citizen against those ag-
gressions which power will always commit unless
jt is checked by subdivision, that the Constitution
of the United States and the constitution of every
free State ought to guard.
No man will more readily punish offenses
against the laws than I will; but the trial must be
public; the mode in which the party is to be con-
victed must be known and certain; and the party
must also have the means of knowing the law for
the violation of which he is liable to punishment;
and it must have sufficient certainty, in order that
he may avoid the offense for which he is liable to
indictment and punishment. Any other form of
government, a form of government which subjects
a man to imprisonment and fine, or to any other
species of punishment, founded on the mere opin-
ion that he is not a loyal citizen, founded on the
mere opinion that the existing Government is dis-
satisfied with his actions or his opinions, is but a
tyranny, call it what you wiil.
I hold, therefore, Mr. President, that this bill
has another gross defect, because it tends to au-
thorize the violation of the liberty of the citizen
by the authority of the President of the United
States, and at the same time to deprive that diti-
zen of all redress, if it is erroneously or wantonly
excrcised. What is that but arbitrary power?
The President may arrest. 1 do not speak of the
presentPtesident; I have no imputations to make
upon him, for I have no sufficient personal knowl-
edge of him to form any opinion of his individ-
ual character; but a President may (for he is hu-
man) have personal hostility to an individual, and
if this bill becomes the law of the land, then that
President can gratify Iiim personal animosity with-
out any responsibility on the part of himself or
his agent, and any older that he pleases to make
for the arrest, seizure, or imprisonment of that
man cannot be questioned in your courts of jus-
tice, under the fourth section of this bill, if it is
within your constitutional power to pass it. Do
you call that a free Government? Do you call that
a Government of law which leaves the door open
to the individual passions or animosities of the
man? The question is not whether the President
will do this or not, but why is it that you desire
a Government of laws ? Hecause all experience
has told us that man is so fallible, ambition is so
perverting, that the possession ot power always
corrupts and always ends in tyranny.
By the fourth section of this bill it'is provided:
That any order of the Piesuh-nt, orundet Ins ainhoritv,
made ai nnv tune during the existence oi the present icbel-
Jion, fdirtlJ he a d'ifeu*e ut all eoum to any action or ptose-
cution, civil or ci iuunal, pending or to be commenced, for
any search, swzuie, ari<M, or imprisonment, made, done, i
or commuted, or <ictJ omitted to be done, uiuh r and In vn- I
tueof such older, or under color of any law of ('oneness ; :
and tiuch defense may be made by «peein) plea, or mulct tho ,
genera! '
Mr. President, how can this possibly be con- !
sistent with the provisions of the Federal Ctmsti- I
tution; and if not consistent, whet is its legal 1
weight? What respect is it entitled to? How can
you look forward to legislation of that kind being
sustained by any courts of justice in this country?
The Constitution says a man shall not be deprived
of his liberty, his property, or his life, without
due process of law. This bill says that if the
President gives the order, or if one of his under-
lings gives the order, that shall be a sufficient
defense for any seizure, any arrest, or any im-
prisonment done or committed by the immediate
agent to whom the duty is intrusted, or any act
omitted to be done. It goes further, and says:*'by
virtue of such order or any order of Congress."
There is an obscurity of the language there; but
that I will pass. How, under the Federal Con-
stitution, with the provisions of the fifth amend-
ment before us, is it possible for the Senate of the
United States to pass a law embodying that fourth
section? Why, sir, it is nothing more than a re-
turn to the question of general warrants again.
We have another provision m the amendments
which is applicable to this. It is the fourth amend-
ment:
" The right of the people to be secure in their persons,
houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable seaichcs
and seizures, shall not be violated ; and no warrants shall
issue hut upon probable c<iusc,suppoitcd by oath oi affirm-
ation, and particularly describing the place to be searched,
and the persons or things to be seized."
And yet under this law no warrant is requisite;
no affidavit is requisite. The party need simply
plead that the President ordered it, or that the
Secretary of War ordered it; or, for aught I know,
any of the hundred provost maishals ordered it,
or their deputies ordered it, and that is to be a
bar in law to any redress of the party; at the same
time that you take away from him by a precedent
clause the remedy by habeas corpus to discharge
him from a lawless imprisonment. You take
away the preventive remedy of the citizen; and
then in a subsequent clause you take away his
redress, no matter how lawless the action may
have been; and this is done in the Congress of the
United States, organized under the Federal Con-
stitution, in a country professing to be a fiee coun-
try, to be a Government of laws 1 The entire per-
sonal liberty, the entire property, nay, 1 think the
life itself of every American citizen is placed at
the feet of the executive officer of the Government;
and not only at his feet; but every lawless act
committed in reference to the person or property
of the citizen by any of the agents whom he
chooses to appoint is also to be justified in a court
of law by means of this fourth section, either as
a plea in bar or given in evidence under the gen-
eral issue.
Mr. President, this bill has nothing to do with
the prosecution of the war. If 1 were us decided
an advocate of the further prosecution of this war
as any member of this body, whether it be for the
restoration of this Union, or whether I thought the
South ought to be subjugated, its people extcim-
inated,and the country repeopled—if I thought
all that, I should still resist the passage of this
hill as not only unnecessary, unjustified for any
purpose connected with the prosecution of the
war, but as in effect effecting the utter subversion
of our form of Government.
1 am at a loss to conceive, to appreciate the
motives of honorable Senators, or their objects,
in the passage of such a bill as this. If the idea
is that by means of such a bill you can by arrest
put down opposition to the Government, if the
people of the country are opposed to it, us action,
or its course, it is a fallacy, lf'thc sense of the
people is against that action, it will necessarily
lead to resistance if you attempt to carry it out;
and if the sense of the people is not against that
policy or action, it requires no such legislation to
carry out that sense on the part of the Govern-
ment. If the motives and objects of the Govern-
ment arc right, though there may he dissentient
members of the community, though there may be
persons ready to attack and arraign the Govern-
ment unjustly, if the Government is wise in its
course, if the Government pursues a sound policy,
it is the pi inciple of all Governmentsfuundod upon
repiescntative principles that freedom of discus-
sion and freedom of opinion and variety of opin-
ion, so far from impairing their strength, only add
ultimately to it. i hold, iherefoie, that that sec-
tion is a plain, palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that it is unnecessary
for any purposes of war whatever. It has no
connection with the ptivilegc of the writ of habeas
| corpus; but it goes to the broad extent of making
the Piesident of the United States a dictator, a
czar, or a monarch, with power such as no mon-
arch in Europe, unless it bo the Czar of Russia,
would dare to attempt to exercise.
The fifth section was in the original bill as it
passed the Senate, and I commented upon it at
that time. It includes both criminal and civil pros-
ecutions. It has no warrant for the removal of
criminal prosecutions. I think it has no warrant,
rightfully considered, in the act of ^815 in refer-
ence to the removal of civil prosecutions from the
State courts into the Federal courts. But as to
criminal prosecutions, which were expressly ex-
cepted in that law, the result of that section is that
a man may be indicted for an offense Against the
laws of theState, be it murder or any other felony,
and the cause can be removed into the circuit court,
which has no authority to pronounce judgment
for an offense against the laws of the State, and
so the offender may escape altogether. That is
the effect of the clause. I cannot doubt for a mo-
ment that if, without warrant, as prescribed in the
fourth article of the amendment to the Constitu-
tion, supported by oath and describing the place
to be searched and the things to be searched for,
a party, claiming to be acting under the authority
of the President of the United States, should enter
the domicile.of any citizen of this Union, for the
purpose of making a search for anything he might
find there, arid that attempted entrance was re-
sisted by force and the aggressor killed the citizen,
he would be guilty of murder under the laws of
the State, and the laws of the State alone; because
the offense would bo an offense against those laws
alone; and y^t this bill would justify the actagainst
the very mandate of the Constitution in express
terms. In other words, this bill, in a variety of its
provisions, is nothing more than a bill to change,
alter, and subvert the Constitution of the United
States. When you can satisfy me that the Con-
gress of the United States has power to change
the instrument under which they were called into
existence, and by virtue of which they can legis-
late at all, then I can accede to this hill. Until
you can establish the fact that they have lawful
authority to change the Federal Constitution be-
cause we are engaged in war—I care not whether
the war is of more or less magnitude, whether it
is civil or foreign—I must resist the bill. 1 hold
that the Constitution is meant to apply both to
peace and to war; and if you wanted a conclusive
argument on that point, you have the fact that in
refcicrice to the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus the exception is made in cases of invasion or
rebellion; but when you come to the question of
the security of the citijpn against improper seiz-
ure or search, without warrant and a description
of the thing to be searched for, when you come to
the right of every citizen to have his liberty, his
life, and his property protected, unless it is at-
tacked by due process of law, there is no excep-
tion of times of war.
What, then, is the inference, the inevitable in-
ference? The Constitution did not mean to dele-
gate to any department of the Government, the
Congress, the President, or the judiciary, the
power to arrest,imprison,or punish an American
citizen without due piocess of law. The Consti-
tution did not mean to vest in Congress or in the
President or in any other department the author-
ity, the power to enter the domicile of a citizen
and search for anything they might be desirous to
find, except upon a warrant issued upon affidavit,
describing the thing that was to be searched for,
and the place that was to be searched. The lim-
itation is imposed in express terms. Where is
our Government when such plain language and
such imperative provisions can be set at defiance
by the Ugislative authority? I wiil not say the
power may not cany into effect the subversion of
this Government. It has happened m the expe-
rience of past ages to other nations, ft has hap-
pened wuiim our own time to the Ftench nation.
The coup d'etat, with the fotms of universal suf-
frage and election maintained, subvened entirely
the Governniontof France,and imposed upon her
people, be it for good or evil, an emperor without
any free election or free consent on the part of
those people. It was a Government, as I stated
a few days ago, established by the army; a Gov-
ernment which, without the bayonet of the sol-
dier, never could have existed.
If it is your intention to convert this free Gov-
ernment into a Go vei-itniput founded upon military
power and the force of arms, then you may pass
this law; but if you do pass it, and the President
of the United States attempts to can y it into exe-
cution— 1 have no threat's to make, but I will give
you my opinion—if the spirit of civil liberty still
lingers in this country, you will drive the people.
