1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may bo now pending, or hereafter commenced,before any
Slate court whatever, for any cause afoiesatd, after final
judgment, for either party to remove and transfer, by ap-
peal, ssueli ease during the session or term of said court at
wlych the «ame shall have taken place,Irom such court to
the next circuit court of the United States."
Now, sir, I am not aware that there is any case
or any precedent—there may be, but I am not
aware of any—for granting appeals from the final
decisions of the State courts to the ciicuit court
of the United States. It appears to mc to be a
dangerous innovation. It looks a little as if it
might ultimately lead to an absorption of all the
powers of the States by the General and central
Government. I do not perccive that there is
any necessity for this portion of the bill, at any
rate. If we pass this bill at all, we shall pass it
very soon; it must be within the next live weeks,
it is not probable that there will be judgments
rendered between now and then to such an ex-
tent as to justify us in such an innovation on the
jurisprudence of the country. The portion of
the bill which I move to strike out has no con-
nection whatever with, and no pertinence to, the
removal of actions that have been commenced and
are pending in the State courts, where the defense
intended to be made in them may arise under the
Constitution or laws of the General Government,
or under the authority of the executive head of
the General Government; but it relates totally
and entirely and exclusively to cases that have
been already adjudicated, and in which final judg-
ment has been pionounced. I should like to hear
the reasons for that.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the first place, I will
remark to the gentleman that it is copied from the
act of 1815, word for word.
Mr. BROWNING. This part of it?
Mr. COLLAMER. This part of it. It is no
innovation at all. It is the rcenactment of that act
in the very words. The occasion which called for
that law was the passage of the non-intercourse
law, which had occasioned a great deal of diffi-
culty, and gave rise to claims for suits; but when
it was understood that the actions which had been
or should be commenced might be carried into the
circuit court of the United States, they ceased. It
was a law of peace.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
be kind enough to refer me to the act of which he
speaks, and which he says is identical in its prin-
ciple with this ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is to be found at page
199 of the third volume of the Laws of the United
States. I copied itword for word m relation to the
removal.
Mr. BAYARD. Did that apply to criminal
cases?
Mr. COLLAMER.. It does not use the word
" criminal;" but I have copied the mode of re-
moving cases word for word from that act. The
Constitution provides that questions which arise
on the Constitution and our construction of the
statutes of the United States shall be among the
class of cases in which the courts of the United
States are to have jurisdiction. That js the Con-
stitution. Now, the mode of carryingquestions of
that kind from a State court into the United States
courts so that they may exercise that constitu-
tional jurisdiction, is a matter to be regulated by
law. Congress from time to time have arranged
the manner of carrying the cases in which these
questions arise to the courts of the United States
in just such way as they think the occasion re-
quires. True it is that in the twenty-fifth section
of the judiciary act there is a mode provided of
bringing a writ of error to the Supreme Court of
the United States fiom the highest tribunal m a
State where a question of tins kind has arisen and
been decided against the rijjht claimed. Such a
case may be earned by wnt of error to the Su-
preme Court of the United States; but the judges
have said all along that it is perfectly competent
for Congress to provide for carrying these ques-
tions into the Supicme Court, by any act they
may make, at any stage of the proceedings. They
have provided one mode in the judiciary act. If
a suit is brought in a State court by a citizen of
one State against a citizen of another State, the
defendant may remove that cause into the circuit
court of the United States before any trial. The
mode of removing a case, when the question anses,
and a case exists involving such a point, is alto-
gether a matter to be regulated by statute.
It is provided here, in the first place, that when
I a man is sued or prosecuted for an act of the kind
j stated in the bill, he may, at the first term, have
j it removed to the circuit court of the United Slates.
In his application, he states that such a question
arises; that is, that he acted in the matter charged
against him, be it what it may, under the author-
ity of the Executive, or under the authority of a
law of the United States under which he claims
protection. That is his petition; that is what he
states as the cause of the removal, and then he
gives bail, and the case is removed. When that
case comes before the circuit court, if it appears
that in pointof fact that was not the question which
arises in the case, the court will turn the case out,
and send him back to the State court.
Again: suppose a judgment has been rendered
before he can get this removal. In that contin-
gency, I have followed the statute which was
passed in 1815, for the removal of the case at that
stage of the proceedings. That bill provided, then,
for carrying it by appeal into the circuit court. I
have followed all the machinery piovided m that
!] law, and I propose to allow the defendant to carry
ji the case to the circuit court of the United States
■\ by way of appeal, on the ground that the question
arising is his right to be protected under the laws
of the United States, or the authority of the Ex-
ecutive of the United States. If the case does not
contain any such question, the court will say it is j
improperly brought there, and it will be remitted,
remanded to the court from which it came.
The occasion for it now is that there may be 1
judgments rendered; I do notknow that there are,
I do not know how that fact is, but I thought it
best, not only in my view of the constitutional
right-and power, but also in view of the precedent
which 1 have stated before, lo follow the mode of
removal there provided. I think it is asafe prece-
dent, cleaily within the Constitution.
A question is made as to whether that act cov-
ered criminal cases. Its words are " suit or piose-
cution," and it speaks all the way through of "the
defendant or respondent," showing, I think, that
they understood it to extend to ciimmal cases.
Now, if it be certain that before the passage of this
bill there cannothave been any of those judgments
rendered, it may be asked, what occasion foi the
law? But the right, the power, the propriety of
passing such a law is very clear to my mind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
i! agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sena-
|j tor from New York.- That is in order before the
jl motion of the Senator from Illinois.
jl Mr. BROWNING. I do not doubt the power,
ji or right, or propriety of providing for the re-
I moval of cases yet pending from the State courts
Ij to the Federal courts, wheie any question arises
;| necessary to the maintenance oi defense of the
ji suit under the Constitution or laws of the United
i| States, or any authority cxeicised under the Pres-
j! ident of the United States. Th^i i« all provided
for by the preceding and subsequent parts of the
bill; but I do very much doubt the power in the
first place, and very much more strongly the ex- j
pediency, if the power exists, of going so far as |
to annul absolutely the final judgments and de- j
cisions of the State tribunals, take the ease dv novo !
into the Federal courts, and tiy the whole thing j
over again there. If the case is of impoitance j
enough to be attended to at all, 1 think every pnv- :
ilege and every opportunity of defense that ought >
to be given is afloided to the defendant when we ,
confer upon him the right, and furnish him the ;
means and the opportunity of removing his case j
hefoie theie has been an investigation of it. I '
j1 have not examined the precedent icferred to,but I
;! I think it a dangerous one if u has been adopted, ;
' and I think we had better not make it more au- 1
thontativo by followingiton this occasion. There ,
is some danger, Mr. Pieaident, and we ought to 1
' guard against it—there is some danger of an ab- 1
,! sorption of too much power by this Government,
j; and of trenching too far upon the constitutional
■ ! rights of the States, and I do not know how it 1
i would be possible for us to go further than that i
! by an act of Congress to abrogate and annul the '
!| judgments of the judicial tribunals of the States, 1
|l and drag them into the circuit com ts of the United :
States for the purpose of revisal, rehearing, re- ;
!j trying them, and rendering a totally different
!! judgment perhaps. j
'! Now, sir, if judgments have been rendered, if j
/judgments should be rendered before the passage <
;j of this bill, there is already pi ovision for prosecu- ;
ting appeals. The parties may take ar\. appeal from
the circuit court of the State where the case is tiled,
and where the judgment is rendered,to the supreme
court of the State; and there are already provisions
existing and means provided for prosecutingan ap-
peal from the judgment of that final tribunal of the
State to the Supreme Court of the United States, in
the event of any question arising, as 1 have said,
under the Constitution, laws, treaties, or author-
ity of the United States. 1 think the case is already
provided for so as to give the right of appeal. They
have the unquestionable right of appeal to their
own State tribunal, the court of ultimate resort
there; apd already the provisions are such, I
think, as to warrant the prosecution of an appeal
or writ of error from the decision of the ultimate
tribunal in the State to the Supreme Court of the
United States. I do not feel as if I could go any
further. The other portions of the bill make an
ample provision for the removal of cases still
pending. This part of it has no reference to that
at all; but it is entirely directed against judgments
that have already been pronounced, and absolute-
ly annuls them; makes them of no effect; treats
the whole proceeding as if it had never taken place
at all; and reopens the case for investigation before
the tribunals of the Federal Government.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not par-
ticularly anxious that this provision in the bill
should be retained. The bill may be sufficient to
accomplish its object without it; I am inclined to
think it is; but I think it is very wcll?%nd I de-
siie to say that it is not so novel or strange apro-
vision as some Senators seem to suppose. It is
no new thing to provide that after one trial of an
action, upon an appeal,a second trial may he had
as a matter of right, and, as is said by the Senator
from Vermont,an appeal always vacates thejudg-
ment. There are certain cases where a writ of
error is brought to review the judgment, when the
judgment is allowed to stand until the court of
review passes upon it, affirming or reversing it;
but an appeal vacates the judgment. In my own
State, the law was, for a long time, that when an
action involving a certain amount was pending
before a single magistrate who tried that action,
and rendered a judgment, the party who was un-
successful might appeal, and as a matter of right
have a new trial of that action before a superior
court. It is now the law that, in a certain class
of actions involving the title to real estate, the
party who is unsuccessful on the first trial may
have a new trial as a matter of right, and, in some
instances, a third trial; and in some of the west-
ern States, formerly, and I think it is so yet, it
was a common thing to provide in regard to an
action brought in a county court, after the trial
had taken place and judgment rendered in that
county court, that the unsuccessful party might
appeal to the circuit court, and, as a matter of
right, have the case retried.
This is nothing more nor less than that. The
provision which is now objected to provides that
after a trial shall have been had in a State court,
cither party, not simply the party that is charged
with a violation of the law, but either party who
shall prove unsuccessful, the plaintiff as well as
the defendant, if he shall appeal, may remove the
cause to the Federal courts, and have a second
trial. I see nothing alarming in that provision;
on the Qpntiary, it secures to the unsuccessful
party what the Legislatures of the differentStates
have thought a beneficial thing, a second trial; and
in that, certainly, there can be no harm. Whether
the proceeding may be a civil proceeding, what
harm or dang<n can there be m allowing the un-
successful paity to try the cause over again?
Mr. BROWNING. 1 desire only to suggest to
the Senator from New York that he is mistaken
in one of the piovisions of the bill, I think. This
is not a mutual right; it is a right restricted to one
of the parties and denied to the other; for the bill
reads:
" ~2nd provided also, That no such appeal or writ of error
shall he allowed m an> action or prosecution whcic final
iudement ^luil have been rendered in favor of the defend-
ant or respondent by the State court.",,
Mr. COLLAMER. Thatis precisely the same
limitation which applies to a writ of error under
the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act. In
that case, where the defendant claims to be pro-
tected under a law of the United States, and the
State court sustain him in it, there is no necessity
lor going to the United States courts.
