1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Into revolution and resistance. The passage of
the law will not do that; but the attempt to exe-
cute the law, if there remains the spirit of civil
liberty in this country, will as certainly drive the
people into revolution and resistance,as yourfore-
fathers wpre driven into it, when England, with
far greater and more plausible claims to power,
attempted to tax her colonies.
Believing that to be the necessary result of this
measure, I deplore that it was ever brought into
the Senate. I think itis notonly unconstitutional,
but that it is one of the most unwise measures the
party in power could ever have adopted. If I
dcsiied the mere political triumph of the party to
which I belonged, I would ask at the hands of the
Administration and of those who support them in
this body no more formidable weapon for.over-
throwing that Administration than the passage of
this bill. It cannot bear investigation. It will
never be submitted to by the people of the United
States in practical exercise in peace or in war. It
will be impossible to show them that the exercise
of such a power, so palpable and gross a viola-
tion of the Federal Constitution, is, by any State
necessity, requisite for the purpose of carrying on
this war effectually. Ardent as they may be in
its prosecution, determined as they may be not
to relinquish the contest until this rebellion is
crushed, the people of the United States are not
prepared to sacrifice their liberties and to surren-
der them to any administration for the purpose of
carrying that object into effect.
Mr. POWELL. I move thattheSenatedo now
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomehoy
in the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the motion is not in
order. The Senator from Delaware is upon the
floor.
Mr. POWELL. He yielded to me. I submit-
ted the motion at his request.
Mr. HARLAN. The rule says that when a
Senator concludes his speech he shall take his
seat, and the Senator has not taken his seat.
Mr. POWELL, (to Mr. Bayard.) Sitdown.
I now move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. I yield the floor to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky.
The question being put, there was on a division
—ayes 4,- noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not necessary to have
a quorum in order to defeat a motion to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. But you cannot proceed to do
any business until a quorum is piesent.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is in order I will move
that the Senate suspend ail prior orders and pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 533,
to provide for the instruction of youth in the pri-
mary schools in the District of Columbia.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to the
honorable Senator's motion; but I do not see how
we can proceed to do any business at all without
a quorum being present.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask for a recount,
or for the yeas and nays, if that is necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Iowa is withdrawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 4, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Bayard. Powell, Salisbury, and Wall—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Arnold, Chandler, Clark, Col-
Jamer. Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, l'V's^cncleii,Foster,C;ime.<,
Haidmjr. Hailan, [lams, Iieiidei>on, llicks, Itowanl,
Howe, Knit;, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Monill, Nesimili.
I'unicioy, ttice, .Slicnnan, Sumner, Ten Evcit, Tiuuilmll,
Wilkuwm, Wilk'y, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson
Of Missouri-—U3.
Sr> the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot.) The question is on concurring in the report
of the committee of conference. Those in favor
of concurring in the report will say " ay;" those
c-posed "no." The ayes have it. It is a vote.
I'lie report is concurred in. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 599.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate will proceed
with this indemnity bill.
The motion of Mr. Trdmbull was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill relating to the
validity of deeds of public squares and lots in the
city of Washington.
Mr. POWELL. What has become of the other
bill'
Mr. GRIMES. It has passed.
Mr.POWELL. No,ithasnotpassed. I want
the yeas and nays on its passage. Itis not passed
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I am entitled to
the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the motion prevail to
take up House bill No. 599'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
prevailed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of that bill.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to know 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois litis the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I had the floor, and yielded
it for the purpose of a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Dela-
ware has not the floor. He gave up the floor, and
I was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, sir, the positiveness of
manneroftheSenatorfrom Illinois cannot determ-
ine the. question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that the Senator is
out of order. I was recognized by the Chair and
called up this bill, and it is now before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Neither the language nor the
manner of the honorable Senator can deter me
from the assertion of my rights on this floor. I
claim the decision of the Chair oil the question.
I yielded to a motion to adjourn; which is the
common practice of the Senate; ami if that motion
is refused, I am entitled to the floor. I rose for
the purpose of addressing the Chair again; and
the honorable Senator cannotanticipate my rights
by any motion ho makes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not know for what purpose the Senator yielded
the floor.
Mr. POWELL. I announced it distinctly,
more than once, that he yielded to a motion to
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
after the vote was taken, recognized the Senator
from Illinois as the first Senator on the floor; and
the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor
unless he yields it.
Mr. POWELL. Do I understand the Chair to
say that this indemnity bill has passed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has passed.
Mr. POWELL. By that kind of jockeying?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itpassedbya
vote of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator from
Kentucky to order.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Delaware
yielded lo a motion to adjourn, as was announced
distinctly by me, and he was entitled to the floor
the moment a vote was taken on that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe the rule of the Sen-
ate is positive, if a Senator yields the floor he
yields it absolutely. He does not yield it for any
particular purpose. He cannot give and take; and
he cannot take the floor when he has yielded it.
Mr. BAYARD. I only wish to know whether
the Chair decides that the report of the committee
of conference has been adoptpd by the Senate.
I ThePRESIDINGOFFlCER. TheChairun-
' derstands that the leport has been adopted. The
;; Chair did not know that the Senator fiom Dela-
waie yielded the floor for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. I must appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. POWELL. Did I not announce distinctly
that the Senator from Delaware yielded to me to
make a motion to adjourn r The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlas] raised a point of order that
the Senator from Delaware had not taken his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not so understand.
Mr. POWELL. He yielded and took his seat,
and I again made the motion. I put the question
to the cihair for information. Did I notannounce
that distinctly?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I call the Senator from
Kentucky to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaired
not hear the Senator from Kentucky say that the
Senator from Delaware yielded for any particular
purpose, not even to adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I appeal to the Senator from
Iowa if that is not the fact.
Mr. TRUMBtTLL. I believe I am entitled to
the floor; and the rule of the Senate is positive
that a Senator is not to be interrupted by another
Senator while he is eniitled to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator,
from Illinois is entitled to the floor, unless he
yields it.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to have this matter
settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I am entitled to the
floor, and the Senator insists on interrupting me,
I must ask the Chair to enforce the rule.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to ask the Chair 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I am entitled to the
floor, I do not permit the Senator from Kentucky
to interrupt me for any purpose, or to ask the
Chair any question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Being upon the floor, I
moved to take up House bill No. 599, and I un-
derstand that motion to have been put, and to have
been carried.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
prevailed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand that
House bill No. 599 is now before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that bo so, I ask tile
Cleik to read the bill.
Mr. BAY'ARD. I appealed from the decision
of the Chair a few moments ago, and I have aright
to do that if there are any rights remaining.
Mr. WALL. There are none.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill (H. R.
No. 599) relating to the validity of deeds of pub-
lic squares and lots in the city of Washington.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate d<>
now adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the conference report on House
bill No. 591 was concurred in, or is claimed to
have been concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereisamo-
tion to adjourn pending, which takes precedence.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have a right to enter
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
how he voted >
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not understand that
there was any vote upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; there wasa vote upon
it. I voted in the affirmative, and the Senator was
not here, as I understand, to vote at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You assume that all the
votes were in the affirmative because the bill was
passed without a division, and I have a right to
make the motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not assume any such
thing; I assume that the Senator was not liere to
vote, and the rule requires that he shall have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I enter the motion, and
the Senate can decide. .
Mr. GRIMES. I call upon the Senator to state
whether he voted with the majority. I think the
rule of the Senate requires that a Senator shall
vote with the majority in order to establish his
right to enter such a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan withdraw his motion to ad-
journ ?
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
stands adjourned until cloven o'clock to-morrow
morning.
Mr. POWELL. The Chair is mistaken. There
was no motion made to meet at eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is correct, and the Senate stands adjourned until
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
