1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Ml
shall appear fo ilir  court bpfme which such suit or prose-
cution ^hall hp tried that there was reasonable or probable
cau<o for the nrrof or imprisonment, or otjjor vvron? for
which said *iut was brought, or if it *hal) appear to said eomt
that the defendant or respondent conducted in good faith
in making such- aucvrt or imprisonment, or doing ^ueh act,
such court shall older a pioper eeiuficate 01 enuv to he
made thereof, and thereupon no c> eofttinu shall issue or
fuither pioeecdin? he hatl against such defendant or re-
spondent for said cause of action o> on said jsKlstnem, until
aftei the adjourniiiCnt of the then next ensuing session of
Congre??.
The words li until after the adjournment of the
next ensuing session of Congress," which I mo\ f
to strike out, only suspend the carrying: into ex-
ecution of the judgment until after the next ses-
sion of Congress. The original hill, as drawn by
me, was drawn ufteY the act to which I have often
referred, and provided that no proceeding should
be had on the judgment. The substance of that
is this: we intend to say by this act that if upon
the trial it fully appears to the court, and the court
certify it on the rccord, thatdunng this rebellion
our officers, civil and military, have conducted
themselves in good faith in what they did, that
shall be the end of the proceeding against them,
and if anybody is injured by them, he must come
to Congress for relief. The words which I pro-
pose to strike out now, suspend proceedings on
the judgment until the end of the next session of
Congress. WhattheCongress maybe, what they
would do, or whether they would do anything in
relation to the officer thus conditioned and thus
situated, I do not know; but I think it would be
the most effective protection to htm to say that if
that fact appears to the satisfaction of the court,
and is certified on the record, it shall end the case.
I therefore desire, before the amendment proposed |
by the Senator from Pennsylvania be put, that
these words be stricken out.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr.BA.YAUD. I have a word to say as to the
effect of the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, and that proposed by the hon-
01 able Senator from Vermont. It is provided m
the bill before the Senate that in ci.se of a wrong '
done undercolor of authority of the Executive, the '
party who brings his suit shall be tiansferred to
the Federal tribunals, where the entne organiza- ;
tion of the court, thesummoning of the juiy, and ,
every possible circumstance is in favor of the de- :
fondant, because it is all within the control of the
Executive, under whose authoiity the defendant 1
claims to act. Added to this, there is a fui ther pro-
vision that for the assertion of his rights as against
a wrong-doer, on the trial of the fact whether ho
is a wrong-doer, the party shall bo liable to the pen-
alty of doublecosts if he fails, whether his suit has
been instituted before this bill passes or after-
wards. j
Then comes this other provision, and what is it 5 j
If, notwithstanding all these indemnities thrown j
around the official action of the party, he should 1
finally be convicted by the verdict of the jury, then i
the court arc to step m, and not to certify, as is or-
dinarily done in some cases, that there was prob-
able cause for the art done; not that there was '
probable cause in the authority of the Executive,
(that they cannot justify,) but supposing the au- I
thority to exist, the court are not only to cei nfy to
that which is often the ca.se m other laws, but they
arc to certifyasto the motive, the intent, the good
faith of the party. Thai it> not draw n from the law
of 1815; that isan intci polatioo of ltG3. Therefore,
after the party is finally convicted by the verdict of ;
a jury, the court (not the jury ) is to he allowed to :
pass upon the motive and intent of the individual
actor, his good faith; and if the court certify thct ,
they believe his act to have been done m good faith, 1
(for it is m the alternative,) no mattei how wrong
the action of the party, no matter how gioat the
outrage, no matter the absence of authority on the
part of the Pi^sideiit, if you cannot leiiov? him .
otherwise under this law. on the ceitificat" of the
com t that a pai ty actcd in good faith, whi'-h 1 sup-
pose means with innocent intentions, that he did
not mean to do a wiong, then fhe veruict is not to ;
bs enforced.
This may be justice, but I cannot so regard it. ;
Fiom what I have seen, I suppose it is idle to re- •
sist any amendment that is offered on the other :
side of the House; but the time will yet come,
Mr. Piesident, when this action will be reviewed.
Human injustice never yet could be continued
long without securing the certain condemnation 1
of the community. I speak of the law proposed,
not of the motives of gentlemen, and 1 say if they
take away from individuals the assertion of their
rights by a bill like this, rely upon it the time
will come when neither acts of limitation, for they
are repealable, nor provisions of this kind will
stand before the future representatives of the
people of this counts y in theCongiess of the Uni-
ted States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont to strike out the words " until
after the adjournment of the then next ensuing
session of Congress," in the second section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] to strike out the second
section nnd insert what has been read as a substi-
tute for it.
Mr. COWAN. 1 will state in one minute my
objection to the" present second section of the bill.
It is that it deprives the defendant complained of
from making any defense betbie the jury. As a
general rule, there can he no defense m cases of
tins kind except probable cause and the authority
of the President of the Untied Slates. The plea,
as usual, of course will he " not guilty,"and uiuh-i
that plea all these things aie defenses. It will not
be wry likely that any plainuff will bring his ac-
tion who has not been arrested by the defendant;
but I think the great majority of the cases will be
where the plaintiff has actually been arrested by
the defendant: and in such a case under this sec-
ond section as it stands there will be no way pos-
sible of pieventint: a judgment against the defend-
ant. The only question to be detei mined would
betheacinai foice. Then there is a pidgin^t:
then there i« an assessment of damages; and after
all that is done, Mn' defendant is turned over to
the court upon two ciuesnons of fact.
I agree that probable cause is a question for the
court; but the fact upon which probable cause is
based, or out of which it arises, is a question for
the jm y. It is a question for the court to determ-
ine whether the authority set up by the defendant
is a valid authority; but the question as to whether
the fact out of winch (tie defendant asserts that
the authoutv gi ov/s existed, is a question for the
]ury. I want these questions to be submitted to
the jury, and 1 want them to he submitted to the
juty fot this reason: if they are not submitted to
the jury, but are questions of fact to be submitted
to the com t aftei ward, and the court decide them
against the defendant, there is an end of it. No
wi it of en or lies to an impiopor decision of a fact.
1 piopos^ to pursue the course of the common
•law, and that is to submit the questions of fact to
the jury, undet the instructions of the court. The
couit will in such cases toil the juiy what prob-
able cause 1s?, and will tell them that if they be-
lieve the facts set up by the defendant aie proved,
they constitute probable cause, and they must,
therefore, find for the defendant. The court will
also give them the proper instructions upon the
question of authoiity under which the defendant
alleges that he acted; and if the jury find against
him, then the instructions  iven by the couit ntc
questions to which the defendant may take a writ
of error, and have them adjudicated, if they are
not decuh-d propeily. That wi!i lu-mi* up fhe
question winch arises upon this bill, and bung it
up properly, before tin highest tribunal. It will
hi mgup *he question of the validity of the author-
ity sot up by the defendant. Itwiii decide the
euesaon win flier the President has a right to issue
such a wanant for t[.e airest of anybody. 11 will
thcale u by the pioper coiut.
I c,tn see no obj-M-uon wha'ev.r to tins view of
fhe su.-je*t, because I do not propose to eber the
law as it now'stands upon toe noest'on of prob-
able cau«e. That is n defense anywhere and ■
everywluMe, lfaman has so behaved durmgthis ■
rebellion as to indnru the ofih-ers of the Uowrn- .
meat ah over the countiy to believe that he was
m eompli'ury wuh thctieasonof the South; if he
by- his conduct, and by his improper conduct, has
given grou nd to suspect thin, as a matter of course
it would justify ins mrest, even if there were no
rebellion. It jusuiies his arrest every wheVe, and
his detention, an<t his being put upon bis trial,
but the qupsnon which remains   •
Mr. DAVIS. Will tlie Senator from Pennsyl-
vania permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. COWAN. Ceitainly.
Mr. DAVIS. In what form would that state
of facts justify mi arrest' Would it. justify an ar-
rest except in the form in which all arrests are to
be legally made, by a warrant?
Mr. COWAN. I am just coming to thatques-
tion . The honorable Senator will recollect that it
is claimed here, as I said before, that the President
has the power to issue a warrant to his- officers,
military or otherwise, to arrest, in case of rebel-
lion or invasion, people whom he thinks to Ue dan-
gerous to the country, although they may not yet
have committed any overt act. That is the power
claimed. I will not undertake to decide whether
that power be lodged ie the President or not. It
is not material at the present time to decide that
question", but it is material that we put the thing
in such a shape as that the question may arise in
the courts, and let them decide it.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman permit rae
to ask him another question ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. If the law in relation to proba-
ble cause already embraces the substance and
the effect of the Senator's amendment, as he
says, why is there any necessity that it should be
oifei ed ?
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that the neces-
sity is absolute in the case of probable.pause; but
I do know that it is absolute in the case of the
other question which lies behind it, and upon
which probablecnuse may to some extent depend;
because if the President has a right to arrest upon
suspicion, then probable cause of suspicion is one
thing, ami probable cause of crime is another. It
is usual to inqiuie fust, m order to determine the
question of probable cause, whether a crimc has
boon committed. If no crime has been committed,
nobody ever goes further, no matter what the
piobabie cause. No matter if the defendant had
absolutely made a full confession of having com-
mitted the offense, if it turns out that no offense
was committed, of course he cannot be put on his
trial, because the very gist of it is wanting; that
is, the corpus delicti, the crime itself. But Sen-
ators will observe that hoie is a new position of
afiaiis; and although no offense may have actually
been committed, no overt act may have been done
by the defendant, yet still, notwithstanding that,
from his position andfiom the circumstances that
surround him, from his declarations, from his
seditious conduct m other respects, it is claimed
that the President has a right to arrest and to de-
tain him.
Senators are well aware that there is another
school which holds that that state of affairs never
can exist until Congiess so declaies it by law; or,
in other words, that Congress can only authorize
the Pi esident to arrest people without having actu-
ary commuted offenses; and that Congress only
can authonze him to refuse the privilege of tho
writ of habeas corpus to the persons ho does arrest.
The other school, however, claims that he, with-
out tho action of Congiess, by virtue of powers
vested in him directly under the Constitution it-
self, can determine when the public safety lequires
it; and that he is the judge as to whether he "will
•seize on this man or that man, or others who are
likely to he dangerous, and that ho can detain
them; and that, not withstanding the guarantee of
tho privilege of habeas coiyus, he may refuse it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Which
school do vou belong to?
Mr COWAjN. I have said that I have not de-
cided that question. I am not eager and not rash
to adventure myself upon a question of thatkind,
ef-peciaily when there is a jud icial tribunal in this
country that must eventually settle it, and that has
tho power and authority to settle it. What I want
is that that question may be brought fairly before
the couit. 1 may say, too, that some of my con-
stituents arc deeply interested in having this bill
so drawn that it will furnish a protection. I do
nor want it put in such a shape that the courts
would uqect ii, that they would declaie it uncon-
stitutional, because that helps nobody. I want to
outke it fail. I want to base it on thn laws as they
have been heretofore administered. 1 want to de-
duce it, if I can, from constitutional piinciples
which have been established, or which now for
the first time agitate the country, and which must
eventually be established. I therefore object to
