542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
the second section as it stands, and I prefer that
the course of the common law be allowed to re-
main in regard to that. My amendment declares
that probable cause shall be agood defense. That
is already in the bill. We all understand exactly
what that is; but we go further, and now declare
that the authority of the President shall constitute
a good defense. I propose that that question be
given to the jury, and that it b'e given to the jury
under the instruction of the judge, to which in-
struction the defendant may except and may have
his writ of error, thus disturbing as little as pos-
sible the machinery to which we have been accus-
tomed heretofore, because, whether that machin-
ery be good or bad, it is of the utmost importance,
I think, that it should be maintained after the pro-
fession has once ascertained exactly its working.
And that, I may say, was the reason why I was
opposed to the amendment of the Senator from
New York. I.think, with the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, that the bill as drawn
contemplated civil proceedings, and civil proceed-
ings only, and 1 was opposed to attempting to
introduce machinery for the transfer of criminal
causes from the State courts to the United States
courts without the most careful preparation, arid
without a full and broad survey of the question
in all its bearings, because Senators will remem-
ber that there is the vital spot of this fabric under
whose authority we sit here; there is the point of
contact between the State governments and the
United States Government; and whenever the one
assumes to seize upon and take away the juiis-
diction of the other,especially m criminal matters,
far more so than m civil proceedings, the law ought
to be carefully framed and wel! and clearly drawn,
bo that there should be no doubt aboYit it. I sup-
posed that was an attempt to inject into thib civil
section a mode of transferring criminal causes fiom
the State courts into the United States courts, and
I saw verygreat difficulty about that, and I would
rather see the Judiciary Com mi nee spend a month
upon it than that it should be done here in such
a hasty, bungling manner, as, perhaps, to create
collision between the State and Federal courts.
But with regard to this second section, I think no
one can furnish a proper objection to my amend-
ment, patticularly no one who is interested to pio-
tect defendants under circumstances of tins kind,
because I am satisfied that the amendment will far
better conduce to their protection than the section
as it originally stood m the bill, and I therefore
hope it will prevail.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, by in-
serting after the word "States,''in the tenth line,
the words which I send to the Secietary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Virginia is not in order. The
pending amendment is an amendment to unamend- |
mcnt, and the Senator's amendment is in the third i
degree.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If anything be objection- j
able in this bill, perhaps the amendment pioposed |
to be introduced by the Senator from Pennsyl- j
vania is not the most objectionable. 1 wish, how- j
ever, to call his attention to the suggestion I am ;
about to make. It is proposed to provide by law j
that a defense set up alleging that the act com- ■
plained of was done by oider of the President of j
the United States, in good faith or under his
authority, not merely by his immediate oider, but
in good faith and by his authority, shall be a com-
plete defense to any action brought against any
party. 1 understand that to be the purport of the
Senator's amendment.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state that that is the second section m sub-
stance already*
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand; but this is
to be a substitute for that section, and it is a pro-
vision as to how the trial shall be conducted, and
provides that where the party sets up in bar of the
action,that he acted in good faith under theauthor-
ity or by the order of the President of the United
States, that shall bcasnflicientdefense. Thenno
matter what wrong may ha\e been committed
underand by virtue of the President of the United
States, there is agood defense. Hemightordera
regiment of men to go into Pennsylvania, to the
city of Harrisburg, and there arrest the Legisla-
ture, and if they did not willingly submit, to mas-
sacre them in the State House, and that order of
the Piesident would be a sufficient defense.
Mr. COWAN. I beg that the Senator will not
misunderstand me. I put the alternative. I al-
leged that this power was claimed by the Pres-
ident, although I disclaimed having any opinion
as to its validity; but if it is in him, if he has the
power, then it will constitute a defense, no matter
what wrong may have been done, no matter how
innocent the man might be, because the person is
only acting in pursuance of the President's au-
thority, and a mistake of his authority will not
affect any magistrate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I would prefer that
the Senator should stand by his opinions in re-
gard to the constitutional authority and power of
the Ptesident. If the President has no such power,
let us deny it as far as we can. I think lie has
certain powers, and that others which are claimed
for him he has not. My own opinions in regard
to this bill generally I do not care about advanc-
ing now; but I suggest to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, who, from his suggestion, probably
agrees with me, that it is not wise, even by the
offer of an amendment, to concede that any exer-
cise of power by him, or any authority given by
him, may be justified before acourtand be a good
defense to any person who may show his letter
of authority. I ccrtainly shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania involves a very great innova-
tion, m my judgment, upon the question of jirob-
able cause as a defense to actions of trespass.- This
is a bill of very gieat importance, and it is appar-
ent that we cannot get through with it to-night
with anything like satisfaction and a coirtct un-
derstanding of its contents. I therefore propose
to do now, what I do not recollect ever to have
done before in my hie, move an adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
beino-, on a division—aves 12. noes '24.
Mr. SAULSBURY " Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, without expiessing any
opinion of his own in reference to the power of
the Piesident of the United States to make these
arrests, without expressing any opinion of his
own m refeicnce to the power of the President of ;
the United States to su&pend the writ of habeas
corpus, states that such a power is claimed by the
President. He is a Senator in the Congress of the
United States, regarded not only here mtthrough-
out the country as a very able member of this body
and as a very able lawyer I wish, heretore, to
put the direct question to him, so that the country
may have the benefit of his opinion, whether the
President of the United States lias any power to
order these arrests or to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, as he has assumed to do in this countiy ? I
put this question to him kindly, because I want
the countiy to know what is the opinion of so
distinguished a member of this body as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I should be ex-
ceedingly happy under any other circumstances
to give to any gentleman, much more to any Sen-
ator, my opinion upon any legal question where 1
had one; butm the present condition of the coun-
try, when the foundations of the Republic are
breaking up and all us pillars are crumbling, and
when men evej ywhei e are alarmed and fearful lest
it should tumble about our ears, I am not disposed
to cast it) the caldron another black ingicdie^U to
increase our troubles. Prom tfie time that I came
into this body, I think I have studiously avoided
offending anybody in the Nor h, even the party
to which I have been opposed tor twenty years of
my life. I would not introduce here any ques-
tion of any kind which would be calculated to
separate the Senator from Delaware and myself.
Tiieie may be men who continually occupy them-
selves in bringing forwaid such questions, and I
say it to them because some of them are of my
own party; if they belonged to the minority—the
other party—I should have no rebuke for them.
It does unfortunately happen, and I regret it more
than anybody else, thatsome members of my own
party are continually catching foxes and tying
brands between their tails, to send them, not into
the standing corn of the Philistines, but into our
own, in oider to divide us.
Now, whether this question of the habeas corpus
has been decided right or wiong, it has gone by,
let it go. If we have committed blunders here-
tofore, let them be bygones; let us commit no
more. If wc have erred, let us look upon our
errors only that they may inform us how to avoid
them hereafter. I would hope that this question
of the habeas corpus, upon which all Englishmen
and the descendants of all Englishmen are so sen-
sitive, would be buried forever. Whether it has
been decided right or wrong, I say U has been
decided; the decision has been acted upon; and it
is idle for us now to agitate ourselves and divide
ourselves in its discussion when we can come to
no conclusion, because we have no judicial power,
we can make no decision that will be binding on
anybody. I say lay it behind us; and while our
brothers are in the field fighting the common
battle of the Republic, why cannot we here stand
together, and all together, upon the things neces-
saiy now to save us; because, Mr. President, if
we cannot unite m the North, if we cannot sus-
tain a Union in the North, it is idle for us to bat-
tle to enforce a union with the South. If we can-
not agree among ourselves; if Democrats and
Republicans cannot lay down their common dif-
ferences upon the altar of the country, and forget
that they ever did differ; if they cannot turn their
eyes away from dead party issues; if they cannot
cease revivms: old animosities, old causes of dif-
ference now for the sake of the country, and look
only to the future and not to the past, then I say,
Mr. President, it seems to me to be hopeless that
we should struggle further, and we mightas well
at once give ourselves up to the demon of anarchy
and destruction.
But, Mr. President, I do not believe it. I be-
lieve that we are approaching the brink of that
precipice which is to save us by not going over it;
but it is to save us by the sight of it; and I think
that when we come to see the abyss over which
we hang, and into which we are about to fall, and
to consider all the glory of our past, and all the
expectations of our future, we will hesitate, and,
instead of tearing one another to pieces by idle
dissensions, and instead of exciting our people to
raise one against another, we will lock hands arid
stand foot to foot and shoulder to shoulder, pre-
senting a firm front against any and all enemies
of the Republic.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The native kindness of
heart of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and his
known patriotism, have caused him to avoid a
direct answer to the question which I put to him.
I know his ability as a lawyer; the country knows
it; and I wanted to draw from him an expression
of opinion on the question I put, m order that
the country might have the advantage of his opin-
ion. But, sir, lie has not answered my question;
he adopts a course which has been fatal to the
true interests of the people of this country. In-
stead of looking in the face the great questions
which now agitate the public mind, and which
should agitate the public mind, he shrinks from
the expression of his sentiments upon these ques-
tions. Sir, what are the members of the Senate
of the United States here for; what are the pub-
lic men of the country placed in high public po-
sitions for, except in great times of public danger
to express their opinions to the people in refer-
ence to the great questions which agitate the
public?
Mr. COWAN. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question now?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. If he could satisfy us all here
that by denouncing the President and by his rep-
ichension we could get a new one and a better
one, and that abuse of officers of the Army here
would make good generals, or that abuse of a
certain dominant party in Congress would induce
that party to abandon its evil ways and turnover
and do something better, the course which he pro-
poses might be adopted; but I ask him to say
whether he supposes that could be done; whether
that would be the result of this species of crimin-
ation and recrimination to which I have alluded?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I say to my friend from
Pennsylvania, for such I esteem him, and every
man who knows him would be proud to esteem
him as his friend, that his query now docs not
meet the point of my interrogatory. I firmly be-
lieve that the usurpation of arbitrary power upon
the part of the Executive to arrest peaceable citi-
zens in loyal States has done more to render that
disunion of these States, which now is a fact,per-
manent and eternal, than anything else; and X
think one reason why the present Executive has
