1803.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEl
mt
menced; process issued out of any of said courts
also to be returned to the court hereby established;
that justices of the peace may be removed by the
court to be organized under this act at a general
term-, after due notice and an opportunity to be
heard in their defense, and for causes to be as-
signed in the order of removal; that the justices to
be appointed by virtue of this act shall receive an
annual salary of $3,000, to be paid quarterly at the
Treasury of the United States. It abolishes the
circuit court, district court, and criminal court of
the District of Columbia; continues in force all
laws and parts of laws relating to those courts, so
far as the same are applicable to the courts cre-
ated by this act, and repeals all other laws and
parts of laws relating to the circuit, district, and
criminal courts. It empowers the President to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a suitable person, learned in the law, to
revise and codify the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia; and enacts that the person who shall be
appointed shall receive ten dollars per day for his
services while so employed, and shall render a
final reportof his revision and codification to Con-
gress on or before the 1st day of January next.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I demand the
previous question upon the third reading of the
bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to have this
bill referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The gentleman certainly will not persist in put-
ting this bill on its passage without having it re-
ferred.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think the bill
is right, eminently right.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think the gentleman
will have trouble in putting the bill through at this
time under the previous question.
Mr. DELANO. I would like, with the consent
of the gentleman, to ask one question. I wish to
know whether at the last session of Congress an
act was not passed, authorizing the President of
the United States to appoint three persons to re-
vise the laws of the District of Columbia?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I have no recol-
lection of such an act. I think the codification of
the laws of this District is a matter of very great
importance, and that, I think, we should not fail
to provide for.
Mr. DELANO. Let me say to the gentleman
that, in point of fact, such an act was passed,and
is still in force, though no appointments have been
made by the President under it; and for that rea-
son it seems to me quite proper that this bill should
be refened to the Committee on the Judiciary, or
some other committee.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If such a law has
already been passed, there can be no harm in the
provision to which the gentleman refers, in this
bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him whether the effect of this bill is
to legislate out of office all the judges of this Dis-
trict?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The bill effects,
as I understand it, an entire reorganization of the
judiciary of this District. In other words, it mod-
ernizes the system adopted neaily a century ago
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. One word further. Will
there not be as good reason for legislating out of
office every judge in the country, if the Democrats
have the power ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. When they come
^nto power they will, I presume, adopt such legis-
lation *is they may think just and pioper. 1 call
the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to have the
gentleman yHd to permit me to enter a motion
to recommit the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not yield.
Mr PENDLETON. I move to lay the bill on
the tabic.
All. VOORHEES demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Thi- yeas and nays were ordered.
Tli'- question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—JMt'fsi4". William Alien, William J. Alien, Anco-
na, Rally, Hiddle, William G Biown, Calvert, Cobb. Con-
way, Cmvi'N:?, Ciisfjeld, Delano, DeJaplame, Dunlap. Eng-
lish, Fouice, Grider, Hale, Hall, Laidm-i, Holman, Johnson,
Ktr<lgan,K.h.«pp,Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, MclCnight,
Mallory, May, Muynard, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Norton,
Nuireiij PcncHetoii, Perry, JolmS Phelps; Price, Robinson,
Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele, Stifes,
Benjamin F, Thomas,,Francis Thomas, VnHnndigham,
Voorhees, Wadsworth, Whaley, Chilton A. Wlnte, Wood,
Woodruff, and Yeaman—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Clements, Col
fax, Frederick A. Conkling, ttoscoe Conkhng, Covode,
Cutler, Davis, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes-
senden,Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot, Frank,
Goodwin, Granger, GurJey, Ilahn, Hot ton, Uutehm^, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Fiancis W Ivellogjr, William Kellogg, Lan-
sing, Looinis, Low, Melndoe, McPhei son. Mitchell, Moor-
head, An-on P. Momll, Ju&nn S. Morrill. Mxon, Oliu, Pat-
ton, Timothy G. Phelps Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Ridf, Riddle, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shella-
harger, Sherman,Spaulding, John B. Steele,Stevens,Stmt-
ton, Trimble, Tiovvbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbureh,
Van Wyek, Verree, Walker, Wall, Wallace, Wheeler, Al-
bert S. White, Wilson, and Windom—79.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am inclined
that the House shall have as fair a vote as possi-
ble. J am anxious that this bill, if it passes at
all, shall pass in such a manner as to meet with
the cordial approval of the entire House. The
gentleman from Ohio desires to move that it should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
am willing that he shall have that opportunity. I
will yield to him to make that motion; but, after
he has made it, I propose to renew* the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 57, nays 73; hs follows:
YEAS—Messrs William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Bailv, Biddle, William G Brown, Calveit, Cobb.
Oonvvay, Crisfield, Delano, Dclaplaiue. Dnnlap, Fouke.
FJahn, Hale, Hall, Harding, Hairi^oti, Johi^on, Kcingan,
Killing*.'!, Knapp, Law, Lazeni, Leaiy, Lehman, Malloiy,
May, Mavnaid, Menzies, Moms, Notion, Nugen, Pendle
ton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Price, Robinson, Secar,
Sheffield, Shiej, Smith, Stiles, Fiancis Thomas, Vallandig-
ham, Voojhees, Wad&worth. Ward, Webstei, Whale)",
Chilton A. White, Wickhfle, Wood, Woodruff, Wiight,
and Yeaman—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Arnold, A&hlev, Bibbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxtei, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Campbell, Clmmbeiiain, Claik, Collax, Uo^eoe
Conkhng, Covode, Cutlei, Daviv, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Fen-
ton, Thomas A. 1). Fessenden, Fisher, Fianehof, Frank,
Goodwin,Granger, Gurley, Ilutehins, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Landing, Looms*, J,o\v,
Melndoe, McKmght, McPher^on, Mitchell, Mooihead,
Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Motiill, Nixon, Ohn, Pntton,
Pomerov, John II. Rice, Kiddle, Sargent, Scdgvuek, Shel-
labaiger, Sherman, Sloan, Spuulding, Steven"5, Stiaiion,
Tiowbiidge, Van lloin, Van Valkenbnrgh, Van Wyek,
Venee, Walket, Wall, Wallace, Wheeler, Albeit S. White,
Wilson, and Windom—71.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask to be excused from
voting on this question; and on that motion de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House do now
adjourn until Wednesday next; and on that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the House
the Chair cannot take that motion.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Underthe order of the House
the House is in session until half past four.
Mr. WOOD. I move a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The suspension of the rules
is not in oider. We are now acting under one
suspension.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Voor-
hees's-motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, William Allen, Ancona, Bab-
bitt, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair. Casey, CoHax, Covode,
Delano, Dclaplame, Divcn, Edgerton, Eliot. Elv, Fenton?
Thorna* A. 1) Fes°e den, Fiank, Hale, IJnrdmg, Hanson,
Hutching, Finneis W. Kellogs, William Kelley, Kcinsau,
Knapp, Lansina, Law, Lazear, Leai\\ Lehman, Loomn,
Low, MeKi.ighr, MePhcrson. Malloty. Ma> . Mitchell. Nix-
on, lVoble, Nugen, Patton, J\nv, Timothj <J Pholp-, i'oi-
tei, Riddle, Robinson, Sedgwick, Segai, Shanks Sin 11a-
baiger, Sherman, Shiel. Stiauon. Yallandigham, Van Horn,
Van Wyek, Venee, Wad&woith, Wallace, Chilton A.
White, YVickhfiV, Wmdom, and Wood—04.
NAYS—Me^-rs Arnold. A^hlej, Bake!, Bingham,Sam-
uel S. Blair, William G Brown, Buffinton, Calvert, Camp-
beli, Chamberlain, Fiedenek A Conkkngj Kotreoe Conk-
Ung, 0afvJs, English, Sftrmifel <5. Fe§s£n-
den, GrSitgr-r, HaJghtj Haft, HolMah; johnson, JulMrrj
Melndoe, Menzles, Moorhead, Mdrfis", JrthnfLRtcej SKefc
field, Smith, Sprtuldiiig, Stefensy Trftrtbfe, Waifcer, Wet*-
&ter, Albert S« White, and Woodreff—-58/
So the House excused Mr. "Voorhres fronr
voting.
During the vote,
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, stated
that his colleague, Mr. Edwards, was- confined
to his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above recorded,
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which Mr. Vooriiees was excused;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of or<ter.
I make the point that no furtherdilatory motions
are in order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio is in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make the point that dila-
tory motions are not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only decide
on each motion as it is made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I take an appeal froift that'
decision of the Chair.
Mr. VOORHEES demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion last made. ( (
The yeas and nays were oriiered.
Mr. WOOD moved that he be excused from
voting.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to point of order.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. There can be bui
one point of oi der at a time.
Mr. COLFAX. I make the point of ordeijgiTat
there can be but one motion for excuse pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order on the last excuse is well taken.
Mr. WOOD. From that decision ofthe Chair
I take an appeal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I make the point of order that
but one appeal can bo pending at one time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the attention
of the Speaker to the following rule:
" 12. lie fehall pieseivc order and decorum; may speak
to points of ordci in pieference to other members, rising
irom hib seat for that purpose ; and shall decide questions
of oider,tubjoct to an appeal to the House by any two mem-
bers."
Mr. COLFAX. I ask to be heard on my point
of order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I claim the right
to be hcaid on my point of order. I wish to state
the point of order, and why I make it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot state
why he makes it.
Mr. VxlLLANDIGHAM. It is founded on
the second rule, which I have just read; and flPjf
reason for making it 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 object to the gentleman's
doing anything but stating his point of order, or
reading from the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will find, by rc ferring to the rules, that one appeal
is not in order while another appeal is pending.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 withdraw my appeal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has the gentleman
the right to withdiaw the appeal?
The SPEAKER. No vote has been taken
upon it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I suppose, then,
the question now recurs on the motion to lay upon
the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which Mr. Voorhees was excused. ,
The SPEAKER. That is the pending motion.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
37, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dabbitt, Baker, Beaman, Calvert, Col-
f'aK, CiMield, Crittenden, Delaplame, Dnnlap, Emrlish,
Samuel C. Fe^cnden, Fouke, Granger, Hall, flutchins,
Kein^an, Moriis, Noble, Nugen, Pendleton, Perry, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Pomeioy, Porter, Sargent, Shanks, Sher-
m.iit, Sine!, Sloan, Stiies, Vallandigham, Van Hom, Van
Wvck, Wcbstei, Chilton A. White, Wood, and Wood-
ruff-W7.
