1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■64 3
thus dared to trample upon the rights of the people
and to disregard the plain provisions of the Federal
Constitution, is that the members of the Senate of
the United States and of the House of Represent-
atives of the United States, and the freemen
throughout this country, have not in louder tones
raised their voices against the exercise of arbitrary-
power. It was for the purpose that the country
might know what was the opinion of so distin-
fuished a Senatorand so eminent a lawyer as the
enator from Pennsylvania that I propounded the
questions I put to him. Sir, it is idle to shy that
it is no use to abuse the President or the Admin-
istration. Nobody wants to abuse the President
or the Administration. They are the mere little
characters upon the chessboard of great national
events, soon to pass away and soon to be forgot-
ten as individuals and as men. But what they do
while " clothed with a little brief authority" may
have much influence upon the future history of
this country.
The bill now before the Senate of the United
States is to legalize, if you please, the action of
the Executive; to provide " indemnity for the past
and security for the future" to him and those who
act under his authority. Sir, it is not my inten-
tion to vote for the original bill, or to vote for any
amendment; because I should scorn that State
court in which there was an indictment pending
for an assault and false imprisonment, or in which
there was a civil suit, by any individual against
anybody, for the commission of an assault and
false imprisonment, that would pay the least re-
gard to such an act of the Federal Congress. I
trust, however much the attempt may have been
made to destroy the rights of the States and the
individual rights of the citizen, since the inaugu-
ration of this Administration, that there is too
much manhood left in the citizen and in the State
tribunals to pay the least regard to any plea of
justification founded upon an act of Congress at-
tempting to exempt from punishment, pecuniary
or otherwise, a man who has wantonly violated
the right of a citizen.
Sir, we have preached this lfind of thing, sub-
mission to the exercise of power for the sake of
Union, too long. In preaching it we htive w<j!J
nigh lost our liberties; and it becomes the repre-
sentatives of the States and of the people to " cry
aloud, and spare not," and where arbitrary power
is exercised, whether it be by the Piesident or
any one of his subordinates, we should raise
our voices against such an exorcise of power; and
for one, the humble representative of one of the
smallest States of this Union, I intend to do it
here now, and all the time while I have a seat
upon this floor; because I see, or I think 1 see—
I may be mistaken—an attempt, an otganizud at-
tempt, to destroy the liberties of the people of
this country, and to convert this, a Government
of the States, into a consolidated Government, to
be governed by the will, the peisonal and the par-
tisan feelings of one man. So help me God, I will
not sit quietly while such propositions are made,
without raising my humble voice in solemn pro-
test against such acts attempted or consummated.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I differ with my
friend from Deiawaie as to the effect of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania. That
amendment, according to my undei standing of it,
answers distinctly and in explicit terms the ques-
tion which was propounded by the Senator from
Delaware to the Senator from Pennsylvania, and
in my judgment of its effect, it is totally different
from the speech made by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, in which he avowed his utter non-com-
mittal on the principle contended for by some of
the President's friends that he had a right to issue
warrants for the arrest of peisons.
What is the provision of the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania? It is simply that
where any man is directed by the warrant or ol-
der of the Piesident to make an arrest, and the
man so making the arrest acts in good faith, the
two facts may be pleaded as sufficient cause m any
suit that may be brought in any couit, State or
Federal, against the party making the arrest. That
is the effect of the Senator's amendment. In that
the Senator has taken the most distinct and em-
phatic giound on that very question; because he
has proposed an amendment to this bill which per-
emptory requires the court deciding such a case
to give instructions to the jury that that state of
fact amounts to a defense o'f the suit. Now, sir,
I say that is anomalous legislation; and I say it is
an innovation that the Senator, and no man in the
nation who has a proper regard for constitutional
liberty, for liberty regulated by law and the Con-
stitution, ought ever give his sanction to.
I have lived under other Presidents besides
Abraham Lincoln. I have lived under the Pres-
idency of as miserable an officer as ever disgraced
an office, and that officer was James Buchanan;
and I have lived under the Presidency of one of
the best Presidents that ever graced the presiden-
tial seat, and that President was Millard Fillmore.
I say, then, to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
that I would never be willing to take the ground
which he says by his amendment shall be a legal
and a full defense to such a suit; I never would
be willing to yield it to the Presidency of James
Buchanan or of Millard Fillmore, or of Geueial
George Washington himself. No, sir; that is, in
my opinion, an attempt against the Constitution
of the United States, to infringe, to constrain, and
to prevent the justice of the courts of the States.
1 say that the Congress of the United States have
no power to pass such a law. As.man is arrested
in a State. It is a trespass upon the personal rights
of the man who.is ariested. The man guilty of
this trespass is sued m the State court. Now, in
the State court, under the common-law principle
of probable cause, (which is a principle adopted
in most of the States,) if the arrest was accoid-
ing to law, the fact that there was probable cause
for making it could be given in evidence. The
Senatorfrom Pennsylvania says that the common-
law principle of probable cause would be sufficient
to make the defense which he contemplates. I say
that, m my understanding and judgment of the
common-law principle of piobdble cause, it falls
a gunshot behind the provision of hisamendment.
1 say that no President of the United States has
the right to give his mandate in writing or verb-
ally to any man whatever to arrest an innocent
person; and if the person who is arrested brings
suit against the party making the arrest, I assume
that the principle of probable cause would never
permit such a state of fact as that to be pleaded
specially, or to be given in evidence under the
geneial is*ue. I tell the honorable Senator that
if a special plea, involving those facts and alleg-
ing probable cause, were drawn up and were de-
murred to, any intelligent court in the nation,
State or Fedeial, would sustain the demurrer,and
would decide the pled to be insufficient.
But the honorable Senium says that he does not
intend to decide the question; that he is not in a
condition to give an opinion and judgment upon
it. His amendment does decide the question. It
decides the question in favor of the sufficiency of
these facts, and directs the courts positively and
peremptorily to give an instruction to the juiy
that that state of fact is a sufficient legal defense
to the suit, if that does not go the whole length
of the question, and sustain all the power that is
contended for by the President and by his paity,
I do not know what course by the honorable Sen-
ator would amount to that. Sir, I am at my res-
idence, at my home; the President sends a man-
date, in writing or vci bally, to some officei in the
State of Kentucky to arrest me; he comes to me
and has me arrested without a warrant; he does
not communicate to me any charge of my having
committed any ciime or any offense. I ask him
for the wanant upon which he anests me. He
is mum. 1 ask him on what charge, verbal or
wiitten, he has arrested mc,or the President has
directed it. to he done. He is mum. I ask him,
what offense have I committed? He answeis not.
I ask him what law I have\iolated. lie answers
not. Still he drags me to Foit Warren or Fort
Hamilton, and incarccrate%me there in a dun-
geon. I am enlarged; and after I gain my free-
dom 1 commence a suit in an action of trespass
against him in a State couitin Kentucky. What
is the object, and what is to be the efiect of the
honorable Senator's amendment? Why, that
these very facts which constitute an illegal arrest
in derogation of the Constitution, and m conflict
with my rights guarantied undci the Constitution, |
shall, by the effect of this law of Congress, be
pleaded as a sufficient legal defense to the suit
which I bring.
Mr COWAN. The Senator does not under-
stand me. He lias read the bill before the Sen-
ate. I have made no new amendments to that. If
there is anything to be reprehended m the amend-
ment, it is not proper that he should charge me
with it. I take the material as I find it in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman ought not to
adopt it if the material is vicious. He has em-
bodied it in his amendment. That is what I com-
plain of; and what no American Senator of the
intelligence and legal ability of the Senator from
Pennsylvania ought to do, in my opinion; but
doing it or not doing it, I say it is not competent
for Congress, and it has not the constitutional
power, to pass any such amendment. If it did
pass such an amendment, it would not have the
least legal effect in an honest and enlightened court.
No court would regarcj it. No court would in-
struct a jury that*such a plea as that or such a
state of fact was a defense to such a suit. It is
another of the monstrous and most mischievous
precedents which the party in power and its friends
are setting to go before them, not only to curse
but to destroy them and the liberties of the coun-
try.
I felt it incumbent upon mc to make these re-
marks in relation to this amendment. I think it
is one of the most obnoxious and objectionable
propositions that has been made in the Senatp
since I have had the honor of a seat in it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Mr. President, lam really
surprised at thestormof indignation that has been
poured out by the Senator from Delaware and the
Senator from Kentucky on the head of my friend
from Pennsylvania. So far from his deserving it,
h is amendmen t proposes to make the bill less harsh
than it is. What is the bill? The bill declares
that on probable cause shown, or that the party
acted in good faith, after*a judgmenthas been ob-
tained, no execution shall overissue. The Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky and the Senator from Dela-
ware find no fault with that. They will allow
a man to go on and got a judgment, and then tell
him, you shall not have any execution on the
judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. We find fault with the whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. Senators are
attacking the amendment of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, who says simply in the amendment that
instead of going to judgment, whenever the fact is
discovered on the trial that there was probable
cause for arresting the man, the judge shall charge
the jury to that effect, and tell them that that is a
defense to the action and no judgment shall ever
be rendered. That is the difference between the
amendment«of the Senatoi from Pennsylvania and
the proposition as it stands here. _ It is simply
this: will you allow a man to obtain a judgment
againstadefendunt when there was probable cause
for the action of that defendant and he acted in
good faith? The Senator from Pennsylvania says
no. The bill says yes; we will allow him to ob-
tain a judgment, but after he has got it he shall
never have an execution. PI ere is the provision
of the bill:
That in any suit or pi execution ngamPt any person for any
onu*e mentioned in the fast section ot tins act. if judgment
shall bo given against the defendant oi icspondent, and it
shall appear to the couit befoie wlueh Mich Miitoi prosecu-
tion *-hall bo tiied, that thoie wax tea*onab!e or prohabja
ran-*.' tor the nirfM oi impugnment or othei wiong for
winch sud «uit wa- lnouL'ht, or if it shall appear to said
court that the delendaut oi respondent conducted in pood
faith in making Mich ai i e>t oi imprisonment, or doing Mich
act, such enuti shall oidei a proper eemficate orentiy to
be made tlmieof, and theieupon no execution shall i>sueor
Anther pioceedin? he had against such defendant or 10-
spondent foi said cause ot action oi on said judgment until
aitej the adjournment of the then next ensuing seb&ion of
Congress'#*
Senators find no fault with that; but the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, which
proposes that when these facts appear the suits
shall stop there, and no judgment be obtained, is
denounced as a most monstrous proposition, and
without precedent. If my friend from Kentucky
will look into the statutes of 1815, he will find—
and this is copied from it—a precedent almost as
old as he is, if he will allow me to say so.
Mr. DAVIS. Not quite.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition simply
involves the question I have stated; and that is,
whether a judgment should be obtained and an
execution not issued upon it, or whether the facts
should prevent the obtaining of the judgment. I
confess ] rather prefer the amendment of the Sena-
torfrom Pennsylvania. I think it would be a bet-
ter provision than the second section as it stands,
and that it would be better to prevent a judgment
being entered; for it looks to me a little harsh; and
