1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WOOD. On that question I demand the
yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, Anco-
na. Bally, Baxter, Biddle, William G. Brown, Culvert,
Cobb, Roscoe Conkling, Cravens, Crisfield, Delano,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fouke, Grider, Hale, Ilai ding,
Killinger, Knapp,Law. Leary, McPherson, May, Menzies,
Morris, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Terry, ltobinson,
Shiel, William G." Steele. Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Vallandigham, Wadsworth, Whalcy, Wickliffe, Wood,
Woodruff, nnd Wright—43.
NAYi3—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Baker, Bca-
man, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bufiimon, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chamberlain, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling,
Davis, Dawes, Diven, Dunn,Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fcnton,
Flanders, Frank, Goodwin.Granger, Hahn, Haight, Harri-
son, Hohnan, Hooper, Hutching Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogs, Lansing, Lehman, Loomis,
Low, Mefndoo, McKenn, Marston, Mayuard, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill,Justin S.Moirill,Nixon,Pat-
ton, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Poitcr, Alexander
II. Rice, John U. Rice, fcjargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shef-
field, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Smith, Stevens, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wycic, Verree,
Walker, Wall, Wallace, Ward, Washburne, WobMer, Al-
berts. White, Chilton A White,Wilson,and Windom— 80.
Sn the House refused to take a recess.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which a call of the House was
ordered.
Mr. KElLLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be heard
if there be no objection. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I propose to the
House that by unanimous agreement the bill now
before the House be postponed until three o'clock
to-morrow, and that we take a recess from this
time until seven o'clock, as usual. I hope that
gentlemen of the House will concur in this, and
that we may then go on with the ordinary legis-
lation.
Mr. PENDLETON. We will agree to that.
No objection was made, and thereupon (at a
quarter to five o'clock, p. m.) the House took a
recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
HEALTH OF TUB ARMIES.
Mr. BUFF1NTON. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 556.
There being no objection, the act (S. No. 556)
was taken from the Speaker's table, road a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
MICHIGAN RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan on the state of the Union; pledging a
support of the national Administration in ail its
efforts to quell the present rebellion; approving the
proclamation of the President of January 1, 1863;
and while lamenting "the gallant dead who have
given their lives for their country," and "mourn-
ing over the appalling sacrifices of blood and treas-
ure which this war has already occasioned,"
rejoici ng, nevertheless, "that through the mad and
guilty act of the southern conspirators the wicked
and barbarous institution of African slavery will
receive its death-blow," and "deprecating any
terms of compromise or accommodation with reb-
els while under arms and acting in hostility to the
Government of the Union," and insisting upon
"unconditional submission and obedience to the
laws and Constitution of the Union."
The resolutions were laid on the table.
MANAGEMENT OF PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the select committee
on the management of the Patent Office, reported
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of the select committee ap-
pointed pursuant to the i evolution of the House of January
30,1863, to investigate the charges tnade in a certain pamph-
let against the management ot the Patent Office, with the
evidence accompanying the same, be and the same is hereby
oidtired to be printed, ami that a copy of the said evidence
and repoit be transmitted to the President of the United
States.
ELECTIONS IN TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, reported
back, from the Committee of Elections, with an
amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 768) to provide for
the election of Representatives in Congress from
the State of Tennessee.
The bill provides for the election of Represent-
atives in Congress from the State of Tennessee,
at the times and places and in. the manner pre-
scribed therein, until otherwise provided by the
Legislature of the State, and establishes regula-
tions for the management of the elections. The
amendment makes the act apply also to the State
of Louisiana. *
Mr. DAWES. The bill simply authorizes the
acting Governors of Tennessee and Louisiana,
whoever they may be, to conduct the election of
Representatives according to the laws of each of
those States. It authorizes them to issue writs
of election as prescribed in those States. That is
the long and the short of the bill.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is the election to be in all
the districts?
Mr. DAWES. In all the districts.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Whatis the amendment
about?
Mr. DAWES. It applies the machinery of the
bill to the State of Louisiana.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to hear the amend-
ment read.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps the gentleman will let
me state exactly what it is, and save the reading
of it. It applies the machinery of elections, as
already provided in the constitutions and laws
of those States. The bill has been submitted to
the members from Tennessee and Louisiana, and
is approved by them. The law is to be in force
until the Legislatures of the States provide other-
wise, and no longer.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let the amendment be
read.
The amendment was read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Where did the bill
come.from originally?
Mr. DAWES. It was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections some days ago by the gentle
man from Tennessee. It was reported back, or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted. I have
just reported it back again from the committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Was the commit-
tee called?
The SPEAKER. The report was received by
unanimous consent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, if there was
no member here to object, I have nothing to say.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. If the bill confined itself
to authorizing the Governors of Tennessee and
Louisiana to do all that was requisite and neces-
sary under the constitutions and laws of those
States, I would have no objection to this attempt
to meet the existing difficulties in regard to the
election of members of Congress from those States.
I know that this House may, under the Consti-
tution, exercise the power of prescribing the time
and mode of electing Delegates and Representa-
tives to Congress. But if the House undertakes
to exercise that right, it mustdoso generally, and
not exceptionally. It cannot prescribe a rule for
one State, and not make it applicable to all. I
had supposed that under the Constitution the per-
sons qualified in every district were the persons
alone who ought to vote for members until the
qualifications are changed. I supposed, also, that
there was a law of the State of Louisiana pre-
scribing the qualifications of voters. But there is
an expression in this bill which seems to over-
rule tne laws of Louisiana.
Mr. DAWES. What is that
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It gives the right to vote
to every free person.
Mr. DAWES. The bill uses the words used
in the constitution of Louisiana.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why use the term " every
free citizen," when the laws and constitution of
Louisiana use the term "every free white citi-
zen?"
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will refer him to the constitution of Louis-
iana.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Just put in the word
" white." It will not hurt you. [Laughter.'}
Mr. DAWES. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States fixes the qualifications of vcrters for
members of Congress.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It fixes them by saying
that those who are qualified to vote for the mem-
bers of the popular branch of the Legislature
shall be also qualified to vote for members of Con-
gress. . ...
Mr. DAWES. And we adopt that,very lan?
guage.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. You have used the phrase '
" all free persons."
Mr. DAWES. I would like, if there wastiuiey
to discuss the proposition with the gentleman from
Kentucky. 1 cannot think, however, that there
is any infringement of the Constitution in this. .
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Why, sir, you have got
enough of test oaths there to send a man's soul to
hell. There are no such oaths prescribed in the
constitution or laws of Louisiana. I have heard
read there, at the Clerk's desk, one or two oaths
as long as one of St. Paul's epistles, to be admin-
istered to voters. I ask that the ninth section of
the amendment shall be again read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That every pers<m
offering to vote at any election by this act provided for,
whose right to vote shall be challenged by any legal voter
on the ground of disloyalty to the United States, shall take
and subscribe the following oaih, to wit: "I, , do
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support, protect, and
defend the Constitution and Government of the United
States against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign;
that I will bear true faith, allegiance, and loyalty to the
f^aine, any ordinance, resolution, or law of any State con-
vention, Legislatme, or other organization, secret or other-
wise, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that I do this
with a full determination and of my own free will, without
any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever."
Mr. DAWES. The bill proscribes the quali-
fications of voters according to article ten of the
constitution of Louisiana. That article provides
that every free white male who has attained the
age of twenty-one years, and who has been a res-
ident of the State for twelve months next preced-
ing the election, and for the last six months thereof
in the parish in which he offers to vote, who is a
citizen of the United States, shall have a right to
vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts to claim that be-
cause there is something offensive in the qualifi-
cation of electors as prescribed by the Louisiana
State constitution, this House can overrule the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I stated the contrary.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I desire to
know why it is incorporated in the bill?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Hahn] drew it himself. I did not see it un-
til after it was drawn. He adopted the language
of the constitution of the State.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. _ The gentleman
does not pretend to say that it is constitutional.
Mr. DAWES. The constitution of Louisiana
cannot control the Constitution of' the United
States. The Constitution of the United States pre-
scribes that the qualification of every man who
votes for a Representative in Congress shall be
precisely the same as the man who votes for a
member of the lower branch of the Legislature of
the State in question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The provision of
the Constitution to which the gentleman refers
provides that electors in each State shall have
qualifications requisite for electors to the most
numerous branch of the Legislature; even Con-
gress cannot add or take from the qualification
of any elector in a State.
Mr. DAWES. This bill does not touch the
qualification of voters.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It prescribes the
qualification of an oath.
Mr. DAWES. There is no qualification of the
voter prescribed. There is an oath of allegiance
to be taken where the loyalty of any man is ques-
tioned, but it amounts to nothing in reality more
than an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, expressed 111 fuller language, as is
supposed to be necessary in these times.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the voter refuses
to take the oath, and is not permitted to vote in
consequence, is there not a new qualification added?
Mr. DAWES. If lie refuses to take an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
he is not permitted to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So I understand.
Now, I say that any man who, under the con-
stitution of Louisiana, is entitled to vote for the
most numerous branch of the Legislature of that
State has the right to vote for members of Con-
