18,63.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I#
sas, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads qnd telegraphs in said
State; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. KELLOGG, oj Michigan, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
The next bill taken up was bill of the Senate
(No. 452) to regulate the appointment of midship-
men to the Naval Academy; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move the following as a
substitute for the first section:
That there shail be appointed one midshipman between
tile ages of fourteen and eighteen, for eaeii member and
delegate of the House of Representatives, to be recommend-
ed by tiie members and delegates of the present Congress,
and fotm a class which shall be immediately formed by the
Secretary of the Navy, subject, however, to the present reg-
ulations as to the qualifications for admission.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGISTER TO STEAM-VESSEL MAPLE LEAF.
An act (S. No. 567) to provide for issuing an
American register to the steam-vessel Maple Leaf.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the bill
upon the tabTe.
Mr. GOOCH. I hope the gentleman will not
make that motion. This bill has passed the Sen-
ate, and it provides for issuing an American regis-
ter, but not to change the name.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I withdraw my
motion.
The bill received its several readings, and was
CAROLINE T. RENSHAW.
An act (S. No. 534) for the relief of Caroline T.
Renshaw.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Caroline T.
Renshaw, sister of the late W. B. Renshaw, of the
United States Navy, upon the pension roll at the
rate of thirty dollars a month, from the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1863, to continue during her life.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to refer that bill to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. LEHMAN, i desire, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Indiana, to read a letter
from Hon. John M. Read in reference to Com-
mander William Bainbridge Renshaw. It is known
to this House that this gallant officer died in the
service of this country. He was an honor to the
Navy of the United States. His unfortunate end
is fresh in the minds of the public and of the
House. He died m the performance of his duty.
He had made atrangeiuents for blowing up the
vessel of which lie was commander, the Westfield,
off Galveston, and by a premature explosion he
perished. I have only to say from my knowledge
of him that he filled the measure of a Christian
gentleman, and performed all his duties, social
and public, conscientiously and faithfully. He
left behind him two sisters almost penniless, one
of them a confirmed invalid, requiring the carc of
the other sister. In verification of these facts I
read the letter of Judge Read:
No. 1119 Chestnut Street, PmnmsyinA,
Fcbruaiy 16*33.
Commander William Bsunhridge llenshaw,' who lo*t ins
life at Galveston, was the son of the late Commodore James
Rcn&haw, who was a native of Philadelphia. lit' had been
thirty-one yeai* in the sojvicp, and hnd been actively em-
ployed dining neatly the whole penod, and a vers huge por-
tion of it at sea. He was unman ted. and ieit two maiden
fister? whom lie had ?uppoit<d for a great many years, past,
ftomhis lieutenant's, pay. Commodoie Renshaw leu noth-
ing and the commandei laid up nothing, in* means having
Jjeen employed in maintaining his sisters, who were pen-
niless One of these ladies is a confirmed invalid, and has
heen confined to her room for seveial years, and requires
the constant care of her eider sister, Miss ltoija Renshaw.
The Senate have passed a bill giving a pension of thirty
dollars a month to the invalid sister, Ityiss Caroline T. Ren-
shaw, which lequires the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I knew Commander Renshaw well, and a more
gallant and exemplary officer, of higher honor or kinder
feelings, never stepped the quarter-deck. He was a father
in leahty to his two sisters.
JOHN M. READ.
Mr, HOLMAN. I withdraw ray motion.
The bill received its several readings, and was
SOSCOL RANCH.
An act (S. No. 537) to grant the right of pre-
emption to certai n purchasers on the Soscol Ranch,
in the State of California.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I call for the reading
of the repoi t.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state that the bill has
the sanction of (he Land Office and of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of this House, which
made a written report in its favor.
The repoi t was read.
The bill was then oidered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OP FOREIGN POSTAGE IN COIN.
Joint resolution (S. No. 329) authorizing1 the
collection in coin of postage due on unpaid mail
matter from foreign countries.
The resolution was ? end a first and second time.
The resolution, which was read, authorizes the
Postmaster General to take such measuies as may
seem to him advisable to collect the postage on
letters from abroad not prepaid, in order to avoid
loss.
Mr. FENTON. I move'that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
that the Committee qn the Post Office and Post
Roads will not be called again the present session.
Mr. FENTON. The resolution is very short,
and I ask that it may be read again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw my motion.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
EMPLOYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
An act (S. No. 564) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in the enforcement of the laws and to
protect public property," approved July 22,1861.
The bill received its fust and second readings.
Mr. ARNOLD, i move to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following new section:
Sec. —. Jlrul be it further cnactcd, That no person shall
he discharged nor he exempt fiom the military service of
the United States on the payment of any sum of money,
and all Jaws> or parts of laws authonzing such exemption
are lieieby repealed.
1 move the previous question upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. OLIN. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask leave to say one word.
Mr. OLIN. i withdraw my motion to enable
the gentleman to make his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
called the previous question.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not listen very atten-
tively to the reading of the bill, but 1 desire to say
that if it is at all desirable that it should pass, the
gentleman had better withdraw his amendment,
f have a very strong impression that everything
which is sent bark to the Senate from this House
from this time will not be able to pass. Two or
three members of the Opposition have assured me
that no bill will be passed which is sent back to
thom after this time. If, therefore, the oiiginal
bill is desirable, I suggest to the gentleman that
he should withdraw his amendment. I do not
know whether the bill is desirable ot not.
Mr. ARNOLD. The amendment which 1 have
proposed simply pi ov ides that that part of the
conscription bill which provides that soldieis may
be discharged upon the payment of $300
repealed. It is, in that respect, of very great
portance,.and I cannot withdraw it, ^1 demand
the previoifs question upon the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I raise the poin£
of order that this amendment is not germane .ta
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rose only for in-
formation. 1 voted to strike out that provision in
the conscription bill, and therefore I do no.t insist
upon my point of order.
Mr. OLIN. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the pdint
of order, and rules out the amendment.
The bill was ordered to be read a third tig>fU
It was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider ihe vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to jay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SIOUX INDIANS.
An act (S. No. 565) for the removal of thp Sift-
seton, Wahpaton, Medawalcanton, and Wabflft?
koota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and fof
the disposal of their lauds in Minnesota gnd
Dakota.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. W IN DOM. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be rea£
a third time, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vot£
by which the bill was passed;and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENGINEER CORPS, ETC.
An act (H.R.No. 523) to promote the efficiency
of the corps of engineers, and of the ordnance anu
quartermaster's departments, and for other pur-
poses; returned from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments were read.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move that the House
concur in the Senate amendments.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to inquire if the
effect of this bill is not to add another major gen-
eral to the United States Army?
Mr. McPHEKSON. It does not. The head of
the engineer corps is General Totten, a brigadier
geneial by brevet. The bill does notcreate a new
officer, but merely provides that the head of the
corps shall be a brigadier general.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I could not hear the bill
read, but I understand that it authorizes slaves,
or persons of African descent, to be received into
this corps.
Mr. McPHERSON. Oh no; only as cooks.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I thought they were to go
into the engineer corps.
Mr. McPHERSON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the opera-
tion thereof, the amendments of the Senate were
agreed to.
Mr. McPHERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had cx-
| amined and found uuly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
i An act (H. R. No. 435} for the relief of Susan
: Dickson, widow of John Dickson, deceased;
An act (II. R. No. 647) for the relief of the
administiator of Captain Richard Stevenson, de-
ceased ; and
An act (S. No. 512) to disapprove of the twenty-
sixth section of the act of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Tenitory of Nevada,and for other pur-
j poses.
! BREVET COMMISSION'S.
! Bill of the Senate (No. 540) to authorize the
! b re yetting of yolunte.er !,uid other officers in thp
