1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these reservations atauction to the highest bidder
for cash, provided that no bid shall be accepted
at less than the minimum price for Government
lands. The bill was drawn by the Indian de-
partment, and has been examined by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. That committee au-
thorized me to report a bill exactly similar to this.
It has also been examined by the Committee on
Indian Affairs in the Senate, and has passed that
body.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to ask whether this res-
ervation has not been surrounded by white settle-
ments until the lands have bceome valuable and
desirable, and until it has become an object to
force the Indians off from their reservations, so
as to get possession of their lands ? 1 ask whether
there is any necessity to force these lands into
market at the present time and have them sold to
speculators at the Government price ?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. The gentleman
is doubtless laboring in error in another respect.
The Indians in California have no title to land
whatever. These districts of country of which
we speak as Indian reservations, are not Indian
reservations such as we speak of on this side
the Rocky mountains. The title to the lands is
in the General Government, and not in the In-
dians. It is simply a district of country setapart
as a home for the Indians. Now, this reserva-
tion is no longer a desirable home for them. And
this bill is simply to provide a better and more
suitable home, where they are better taken care of
and better protected from the interference of bad
white men.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentleman
to say whether the white men or the Indians were
first there. If it was the Indians who inhabited
the territory before the white men came there, I
then desire to know how it was that they lost their
title to the land. Does the gentleman mean to
say that we have stolen all the lands, and that they
are fugitives on the face of the earth, wandering
to wherever we choose to let them stop ?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I will say to the
gentleman that the laws of Mexico, so far as I am
informed, never recognized such a thing as title
in the Indians to land. 1 say further, that this
Government never made any treaty with Indians
in the State of California by which it has obtained
its title to the lands from them, nor, so far as I
know, from them in any other section of country
derived from the Mexican Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I had, I recollect, an oppor-
tunity to examine this subject in my connection
with a committee of conference last year, when
the same question arose, and we then agreed that
this proposition was not a correct one. In the first
place I want to know whether you have acquired
a title to the land in Round Valley on to which you
propose to remove them?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. That is one of
the objects of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Then you propose to pass a
law requiring them to be removed and their lands
sold before you have made any provision what-
ever for a place to remove them. Now, if I recollect
right, there are large white settlements in Round
Valley, and yet without having acquired the title
of those settlers to the land you propose to dis-
possess the Indians of their present home and have
them to starve. It is but a continuation of the
system of robbing which we have pursued to-
ward these people ever since we have had any-
thing to do with them. I hope we shall not pass
any such measure.
Mr, PHELPS, of California. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he is in
error in that statement. We have already an In-
dian reservation in Round Valley. The purpose
of this bill is to enlarge that reservation so as to
occupy for Indian pui poses the entire valley.
Mr. STEVENS. To which you have not ac-
quired a title.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. We have the
title to one half of the valley already, but we have
not a title to the other half. In view, however,
of the proposed removal of these Indians, an ar-
rangement has already been entered into with the
settlers of that valley by which they are to accept
such price for their improvements upon the Gov-
ernment lands as the commission to be appointed
under this act shall fix.
This act, sir, is for the benefit of the Indians,
and it is for their benefit that we ask the House
to pass it. If you refuse it they will be subjected
to all sorts of persecutions.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
of the passage by that body of the foilowingres-
olutions:
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, (the House
of Representatives concurring,) That in order to enable the
joint committee on the conduct of the war to complete their
investigations of certain important matters now before
them, and which they have not been able to complete by
reason of inability to obtain important witnesses, they be
authorized to continue their sessions for thirty days after the
close of the present Congress, and to place their testimony
and reports in the hands of the Secretary of the Sftaate."
Resolved, further, That the Secretary of the Senate is
hereby directed to cause to be printed the reports and ac-
companying testimony of the committee on the conduct
of the war, five thousand copies for the use of the Senate
and ten thousand lor the use of the House of Representa-
tives.
CALIFORNIA INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, during the re-
cess ofCongress, in consequence of the peculiarity
of the Indian system of our State and of certain
difficulties that had arisen in carrying it out, I took
pains to visit some of the Indian reservations and
make myself familiar with the condition of the I n-
diansand the wants of the service there. And now
I ask the attention of the House to one fact which
came under my observation in reference to the
condition oFIWiose Indians and its relation to the
people of my State.
Upon the Nome Lacke and Mendocino res-
ervations there have been encroachments, made
necessary by the expanding white population of
our State, the result of which has been that the
fisheries of the Indians have been destroyed, and
they have been more and more limited in their
meansof subsistence until many of them have been
driven info the hills adjacent, where it is found
impossible to control them. They are continually
committing depredations upon the white settlers
m the vicinity, stealing their cattle and horses, and
murdering in many instances the people. In one
district, near Areata, Humboldt county, nearly
all the farm-houses have been burned and the
population murdered, and all the horrors of In-
dian war inflicted upon our people. It is a matter
of absolute necessity that these Indians should be
removed, not only for the safety of the white set-
tlements in their vicinity, but for their own safety,
and to afford them means of subsistence.
Now, sir, I ask this House to remember that
the Government is annually paying hundreds of
thousands of dollars to protect our people from the
depredations and the hostilities of these Indians.
There are bodies of soldiers stationed for that pur-
pose at intervals from Smith river to the Mendo-
cino reservation, near the center of the State; and
yet, notwithstanding the presence of these sol-
diers, our citizens, men, women, and children,
have been ruthlessly murdered,and will continue
to be, so long as the present system is continued.
Now, this bill proposes to sell the lands which
the Indians can no longer occupy, but which are
very valuable to the white settlers, and with the
proceeds of such sales to remove the Indians to a
beautiful valley, surrounded by mountains, where
they will not be encroached upon by the whites,
and where they can easily be protected by a small
force to guard the few passes which are the only
Foints of access to it and egiess from it, where the
ndians can cultivate their lands without molesta-
tion, and by which our people can be protected
from their depredations, at a savins* of hundreds
of thousands of dollars to the Government.
Now, sir, this bill comes recommended by a
strongmessage from the Indian Bureau, where it
was prepared. It was reported by the Indian Com-
mittee in the Senate; it passed the Senate without
division. The Committee on Indian Affairs of
this House, after a thorough examination of the
subject, had agreed to report a bill precisely sim-
ilar, and I hope the House will not hesitate to give
it their sanction. v-
I repeat that it is a matter of absolute necessity,
both to our people and to the Indians themselves.
They cannot be taken care of where they are, nor
can our people be protected from their incursions.
I speak from personal observation of their con-
dition; and I say to the House that I know of no
other means of preserving them, or of preserving
the peace of our settlements.
As my colleague says, there have been no
treaties with the Indians of California, The.Gov*
ernment has proceeded upon $n entirely different
theory, recognizing the Indians as.entitled to pro-
tection and reasonable support, but not as owneM
of the soil. Hence they occupy the reservations
proposed to be sold, because they were placed
there by the Government, and now the Indian
department proposes to place them in a hotter lo-
cation for their own safety. They were placed
upon these reservations unaer proclamation of the
President that these lands should be used for that
purpose, the proclamation segregating a portion
of the public lands, which else would have been
open to preemption. But, for the reasons Thav6
stated, their longer continuance there will bepro-
ductive  f evils which will soon become unendur-
able. The proposition is to place them at least
forty miles from white settlements, and in a loca-
tion where there is no probability of their ever
being interfered with. Ihe plan has-been adopt-
ed after a full examination of the subject, and I
hope the House will not hesitate to adopt it. I
fear that a prejudice has been raised on the spur
of the moment against the bill which may do in-
justice to its merits. But the few hours left of the
session preclude lengthened debate. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman from Califor-
nia to withdraw call for the previous question,
r. SARGENT. I cannot withd raw it.
Mi-
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 72, noes 44.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
tablo; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The bill of the Senate (No. 439) to amend an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean" was taken up and read
a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me a few moments to speak on a
single section.
Mr. WILSON. I yield to the gentleman for
a moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not desire to
embarrass the passage of this bill; but there is a
section to which I ask for a moment the attention
of the House, differing, as it does, from any pro-
vision introduced into any similar bill duringthe
present session of Congress. The third section
provides for the appointment of commissioners to
condemn lands, and itapplies to States as well as
to Territories. A provision of that kind informer
times could not have obtained ten votes.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
The last section of the bill makes an appropria-
tion, and it must, therefore, have its first consid-
eration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the Chair will read the
section he will be satisfied that it does not make
an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it au-
thorizes the President of the United States to pay
money.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It authorizes him to sub-
stitute legal tender notes for the bonds authorized
by the original bill. It makes no further appro-
priation. If the President, in his discretion, thinks
proper to pay notes which are depreciated, instead
of bonds, then he may do it.
The SPEAKER. If that be so, it may be that
the point of order is not well taken.
Mr. STEVENS. Let this bill be laid aside
until to-morrow, so that we may have an oppor-
tunity to understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
sustain the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, in order that the bill may be consid-
ered in the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I cannot yield for
