THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 2.
that purpose. I am willing to yield to the motion
that the bill shall gp over until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the bill goes over until
fce-roarrow, let it be the first thing in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that it lie on the
Speaker's table until morning.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no objection to that.
|t was ordered accordingly.
PRESERVATION OF POTOMAC WATER WORKS.
The bill of the Senate (No. 231) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act to provide for the care
and preservation of the works constructed by the
United States for bringing the Potomac water into
the cities of Washington and Georgetown for the
supply of said water for all Government purposes,
and for the uses and benefit of the inhabitants of
the said cities," was taken up, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. CALVERT. I move to lay that bill over.
I do not think that it has been before any com-
mittee of this House.
A Member. Then let it be referred to some
committee.
Mr. CALVERT. I move, then, that it be
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to.
LEVY COURT OF WA#TNGTON.
Tho bili of the Senate (No. 532) to define the
powers and duties of the levy court of the county
of Washington, District of Columbia, in regaid
to roads, and for other purposes, was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that that
bill be laid over informally until to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a mere local bill.
Mr. DELANO. I object, unless there is a spe-
cial assignment for it. It is an important bill. If
it be made a spccial order for half past twelve to-
morrow morning, I will not object to it.
There was no objection, and it was ordeied ac-
cordingly.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The bill of the Senate (No. 2G3J to amend an
act to create additional collection districts in the
State of California, and change existing districts
therein, &c., was next taken up, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. LOW. That was enacted into a law at the
last session of Congress. Such is my belief at
this moment; and in order to give time to exam-
ine it, I move that it be laid over until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
THANKS TO GENERAL ROSECUANS.
Joint resolution of the Senate (No. 117) giving
the thanks of Congress to Major General William
S. Rosecrans, and tho officers and men under his
command, for their gallantry and good conduct in
the battle of Murfreesboro', Tennessee, was next
taken up, read three times, and passed unani-
mously.
TITLE TO PROPERTY IN COLORADO TERRITORY.
Joint resolution of the Senate (No. 132) to en-
able the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the
title to certain property in the city of Denver, Col-
orado Territory, for the purposes of the branch
mint located in that place, was next taken up, and
read a first and second tune.
Mr. I3ENNET. There can be no doubt about
the propriety of the passage of that joint reso-
lution, and I therefore call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opeiation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered toa third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. IJENNET moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPREDATIONS OF SIOUX INDIANS.
The bill of the Senate (No. 574) supplementary
to an act entitled " An act for the relief of persons
for damages sustained by reason of depredations
and injuries committed by certain bands of Sioux
Indians," approved February 16,1&63, was next
taken up and read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. OLIN. I hope the gentleman will explain
to the House the provisions of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. It merely extends to the citi-
zens of Iowa and Dakota who sustained injury at
the hands of these Indians, the provisions of the
bill which makes an appropriation for the benefit
of the citizens of Minnesota. It does notextend
the appropriation, but mereljf includes the citizens
of Iowa and Dakota in the provisions of that bill.
Mr. OLiN. I wish to make a suggestion. The
Government of the United States has been in the
habit of paying to these Indian tribes certain an-
nual siTms of money, and when they have com-
mitted depredations, it has heretofore been the
practice to take their annuities for the purpose of
indemnifying those upon whom the outrages have
been committed. The Government never has as-
sumed, and never ought to assume, the principle
which seems to be embraced in this bill, to indem-
nify out of the United States Treasury for what-
ever damages may be inflicted by any tribe of
Indians, any more than it ought to assume to in-
demnify for damages caused by the present re-
bellion.
Mr. WILSON. The bill passed for the relief
of the citizens of Minnesota specifies a sum cer-
tain out of which the damages shall be paid. This
provides that citizens of Iowa and Dakota sus-
taining damages at the hands of th^fndians shall
be included in the bill. As I have already said,
it makes no additional appropriation.
Mr. OLIN. Is the gentleman sure that it does
not make any additional appropriation?
Mr. WILSON. I am sure that it makes no
additional appropriation.
Mr. OLIN. What is the amount?
Mr. WILSON. Less than two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. OLIN. The House will perceive that this
legislation is an entire departure from the preced-
ing legislation of the Government of the United
States. If this sum shall be paid, there is no rea-
son in conscience, in equity, or in justice, why
you should not. pay for damages inflicted in Penn-
sylvania by Stuart's cavalry raid. I understand
that there are applications for indemnity for losses
sustained by that raid. It would bankrupt all the
Governments in Christendom to pay for the re-
bellion as far as it has gon"e.
Mr. WILSON. This bill does not propose to
enlarge the amount already appropriated to that
end. It simply includes within the provision of
the original bill the citizens of the State of Iowa
and Dakota who sustained damages. That is all
thoie is in the bill. I demand the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. With a view to test
the senseofthe House, 1 move to lay the hill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The main question was then ordered, and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motio-n was agreed to. •
MARGARKT L. STEVENS.
An act (S. No. 546) for the relief of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac I.
Stevens.
The bill was lend a fiist and second time.
The, bili dirccts the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Margaret L. Stevens, widow of
)$iigadier General Isaac L Stevens, on the pen-
sion roll at the rate of fifty dollars a month, from
the 1st day of September, 1862, to continue dui-
mg her widowhood.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved the previous ques-
tion. ^
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
opera-ion thereof the bill was ordered to be read
a third time, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that all the hills
were now disposed of under the order of the
House of to-day.
AMENDMENT OF TARIFF.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, introduced a bill to
modify the existing laws imposing duties upon
imports, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. With the per-
mission of the House, 1 will state the purposes of
the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Vermont to the fact
that the bill must have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL,ofVermont. I propose to sus-
pend the rules in order to consider it in the House
if necessary. There is nothing in the bill which
any one will object to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I do not know
but the House will understand what is intended
by this act upon the simple reading. If, however,
there is any portion of it which they do not un-
derstand,and upon which they desireinformation,
I will explain it.
I will say that the first section merely provides
thatgoods m the public stores and bonded ware-
houses,which, under the act increasing temporari-
ly thedutieson imports and forotherpurposes,ap-
proved July 14,1862, could not be entered for con-
sumption after three months from the time when it
went into effect, may now be entered for consump-
tion if they have been in bond one year and less
than three years, and the bonds canceled at any
time before the 1st of June next, on the payment
of the duties prescribed by the act referred to.
The second section simply modifies the act to
which I hove referred, so as to allow cotton and
raw silk, as reeled from the cocoon, of the growth
or produce of countries beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, to be exempt from additional duties when
imported from places this side of the Cape of
Good Flope, for two years after the passage of this
act. The object of the provision of the former act
was to protect long voyages, and it was thought
best to modify the law, so far as the articles I have
mentioned are concerned, for a period of two
years.
The fourth section relates to ships and vessels,
lender the act to which I have referred, ships and
vessels sailing to ports in Canada, Mexico, and
the West India Islands, were subject only to an-
nual tonnage duties. Central America was not
included in that act, and therefore the trade with
California was not included therein. This section
includes any ships or vessels to or from any port
or place south of Mexico, and down to and in-
cluding Aspinwall and Panama.
The fifth section imposes a duty of twenty per
cent, ad valorem, in lieu of duties now imposed,
upon printing paper unsized and used for books
and newspapers exclusively, and changes the du-
ties on various other specified ai tides of paints
and gums, so as to make them correspond with
similar articles.
The sixth section makes the duty upon crude
petroleum and illuminating oil, when imported
from foreign countries,twenty percent, advalorem,
leaving the duty upon refined coal oil as it now
stands.
These are the principal provisions of the bill
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred an act (S. No.
506) to prevent and punish frauds upon the rcve-
| nue, to provide for the more certain and speedy
1 collection of claims in favoi of the United States,
