THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
January 27,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is very difficult
for the Chair to decide whether a Senator is speak-
ing to the point or not. What may appear to be
very remote, sometimes is made to apply to a pend-
ing question; It is very difficult, indeed, to decide
that question.
Mr. DQOLITTLE. I think on a question of
order a Senator is bound to speak to the question
whether the words uttered by him were or were
not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Undoubtedly so.
Mr. BAYARD. The latter point of order is a
nice question. I have heard too many gentlemen
in this body depart from the question before.the
body, to make it clear as a point of order that a
member can be stopped because his remarks are
not pertinent. It is a very dangerous principle to
establish.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is that the question raised by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin cannot be maintained.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, (to Mr. Saulsbury.) Now
let us vote. You beat me on the point of order;
let us vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Just wait. My friend from
Wisconsin is in good humor. He is kindly disposed
because his people have just indorsed and given
him a certificate to come back here in this body.
I presume from that fact he is in the best possible
humor with us rebels on this side, and all the rest
of mankind, and I would suggest to him to be a
little patient; perhaps he will find out before he is
done that we are not so much his enemies as he
takes us to be.
Now,-Mr. President, personal respect, respect
for the State which I represent, requires that I
should not pass by this interruption without some
comment; and however much my friend from
Wisconsin—I am happy to acknowledge him as
ray personal friend, however much I may differ,
as I do differ from and condemn his political prin-
ciples—however much he may feel disposed to
intervene for the preservation of the order and de-
corum of the Senate, I must reject it, and claim the
right to be heard on the bill before the Senate. I
do not know what is to be its fate; a final vote
may be taken upon it to-night; and therefore, sir,
the pertinacity with which I choose to make my
objection. If it was a mere adjournment to to-
morrow,! would easily yield, but a vote may be
taken to-night; and this bill proposes what? Let
the Senator from Wisconsin, let any Senator upon
the other side of the Chamber rise and say in the
utterances of an honest manhood what he thinks
of it. It proposes to legalize the most despotic
exercise of power that was ever practiced in any
Governmentsince the institution of human society.
Talk not to me about Icttres de cachet; talk not to
me about the espionage of Napoleon; talk not to
me about any of the arbitrary exercises of des-
potic power in this country since the recollection
of the reading of the Senator from Now Hamp-
shire and myself; they are all buried beneath the
wave of oblivion in comparison to what this man
of yesterday, this Abraham Lincoln, that neither
you nor I ever heard of four years ago, has chosen
to exercise. Sir, it is out of order, I am told, so
to characterize the act of an Administration; but
if I wanted to paint a tyrant; if I wanted to paint
a despot, a man perfectly regardless of every con-
stitutional right of the people, whose sworn ser-
vant, not ruler, he is, I would paint the hideous
form of Abraham Lincoln. If that be trcefbon 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rules
that this course of debate is not pertinent to a
question of order, and therefore rules the Senator
out of order; and he will take his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Of course I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate ?"
Mr. SAULSBURY. The voice of freedom is
out of order in the councils of the nation !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is out
of order; and the Serjeant-at-Arms will take him
in charge unless he observes order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let him take me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will take the Senator in charge.
In accordance with the order of the Vice Presi-
dent, the Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms, Isaac Bas-
set, Esq,, approached Sir. Saulsbury, who was
seated at his desk. After a brief conversation they
went without tne bar and left the Senate Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is," Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing; to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from ^Delaware, [Mr. Bayard;] and upon
that question the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I regret
exceedingly to do so at this late hour of the even-
ing, but I feel compelled for a single moment to
invite the attention of Senators to this amend-
ment. This is an exceedingly important bill; we
have, perhaps, not had one of more importance
before us during this session; and its provisions
will all relate in their operations to citizens of the
loyal States. We are not passing a confiscation
bill that has an application to those in rebellion
against the Government alone, but a bill for the
protection and security of the rights of the citizens
of the loyal States; and I wish for a single mo-
ment to ask the attention of Senators to the pro-
visions of this bill. I think the amendment ought
to be adopted. I regret very much, as I remarked
when I rose, to be compelled to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment; but I cannot give
my own vote upon this amendment without ex-
pressing the reason for it-as briefly as possibly
can be done. It is so important a matter that no
one ought to ask or expect any Senator to vote
upon it without very mature consideration. The
amendment that is proposed is, I believe, to the
second section of the bill, which provides—
That in any suit or prosecution against any person for
any cause mentioned in the first section of tins act, if judg-
ment shall he given against the defendant or respondent,
and it^hali appear to The court before which such  uit or
prosecution shall he tried that there was reasonable or prob-
able cause for the arrest or imprisonment or other wrong
for which said suit was brought—
that is all right and proper. Then—
such court shall order a proper certificate or entry to be
made thereof.
That strikes at the wroug of the party himself
who was arrested, and who was seeking redress
for the injury which he alleges has been done him.
If there was probable cause to suppose him guilty,
that was his own fault. If he so conducted him-
self as to give probable cause to Suspect him of
disloyalty to the Government, it is his own fault
that he was arrested for it; and that far 1 have no
objection to the section. But, sir, what is the next
provision which is proposed to be stricken out:
Or if it shall appear to said court that the defendant or
respondent conducted m good faith in making &uch aircst
or imprisonment, or doing such act—
then the party shall have no redress for the wrong
that has been done him. Now, sir, it simply
amounts to this: if I by the error of my own
judgment, or the caprice of my own will, however
innocently I may act in the matter, or in what-
ever good faith I do it, choose to arrest a man who
is perfectly innocentand free even from suspicion,
who has been guilty of no act that amounted to
probable cause to believe him guilty, who is as in-
nocent a man as 1 am, shut him in a prison for
months when he has committed no act that gave
any reason to suspect him of wrong, and he pro-
ceeds against me for it, ought I to suffer or ought
he to suffer? ' Is he to be turned off without re-
dress after the injury I have done him, to protect
me, when he was no more guilty than I was, and
not as much so? Sir, I think when we do that
we are doing what we ought not to do.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me to make one suggestion?
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Would it not remove his
objection to this clause if the word "or" should
be changed to "and?"
Mr. BROWNING. Entirely so.
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, too.
Mr. BROWNING. But as it stands I think
the proposition is one to which we ought not to
give our sanction; for it takes from a man all rem-
edy for the wrong that I have done him when he
was innocent and as free from suspicion as I was
myself. If the conjunction is changed to " and"
I should have no objection to it.
Mr. HOWARD. I will move that amendment,
to change the word " or" to "and."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) That amendment is not now in order.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, in intro-
ducing this bill, I made some remarks calculated
to explain it, and thought I did so, I believe I did
so, to those who thought proper to attend to them,
and to this very point. "Probable cause" is a
term well known to lawyers; and it is that evi-
dence which leads men to suspfcet, reasonably, that
a man has been guilty of a crime.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will allow
me, I want to change the language used by the
Senator in his definition. It should be, " to think
reasonably," not " to suspect." Am 1 right or
wrong ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not important enough
for the interruption.
Mr. M. DOUGALL. I thought it was.
Mr. COLLAMER. Now, Mr. President, I have
said—whetherright or wrong, isforotherstojudge
—that I supposed, if the habeas corpus was right-
fully suspended, the President would be in the ex-
ercise of his power rightfully in arresting men who
had been guilty of no crime, for the purpose of se-
curing against the commission of dangerous crime.
If it was only to arrest people who had been guilty
of crime, there would be no need for the suspension
of the habeas corpus at all. They could be arrested
without the suspension. It was suspended for the
very purpose of enabling him to arrest and hold
people, from the apprehension of their committing
crime dangerous to the Government. Now, sup-
pose the President had ordered an officer to arrest
A B on such a case as that. How can the officer,
when sued for that arrest, show probable cause of
guilt? There is no pretense that the party has been
guilty, and of course he cannot show a probable
cause. Hence came the necessity of the other pro-
vision in the bill, that if he could show that he acted
in good faith, that would answer the purpose; and
that was the reason for the use here of a disjunc-
tive conjunction. I have no need, perhaps, to in-
form Senators that there are threatened and pend-
ing cases amounting to millions of dollars.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to put a question to him ? He is
a gentleman well learned in the law; but it seems
to me that he has introduced a phrase into this
bill which is unusual, and not susceptible of a
very clear explanation. It is this:
"If it shall appear to said eomt that the defendant or
respondent conducted in good faith in making such ar-
rest."
What sortof good faith or bad faith is there to be
shown in simply making the actof arrest? What
does that clause imply? 1 do not understand the
language. To make an arrest in good faith, I take
it, is simply this: to go and seize the person to be
arrested, and take him off; and that is all there is
about it. It strikes mcitdoesnotimply anygood
faith or any other than an honest purpose to do
the act, seize the man and carry him off.
Mr. COLLAMER. I was trying, in the first
place, to show why there were occasions for the
use of these different terms: one of them, " prob-
able cause;" the other, " acting in good faith."
Now, if the officer I have just mentioned were,
by order of the Executive, to arrest a man, he
believing that the President had authority to give
that order, and conducting himself under it with-
out any excess of authority, without any abuse
of the man, treating him with as much courtesy
and kindness as was consistent with an airest,
though that officer could not show probable cause
of the prisoner having been guilty of a crime, yet
he could show that he had received such an order;
and that that order was professed to be given from
an apprehension of crime; and that he arrested the
man, and was guilty of no excess himself, but
acted in pursuance of a confident belief of duty.
That would be making the an est in good faith,
even though he had not a legal right to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow me,
it strikes me even if the officer making the arrest
has a perfect legal right to make it, and uses any
excessive violence in executing the order and
making the arrest, he is simply a trespasser, as
much as i$he had no power. He is a trespasser
at all events to the extent of the excess of force
which he uses in making the arrest. His good
faith may be perfect, but violence is not bad faith;
nor is the legal force required for the occasion
good faith.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the officer who had made
this arrest under this authority, believing in this
authority, should be overruled by the court as to
