1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that authority being legal, and, therefore, there
was no defense, what would you do in that case?
What should be done with him? I grant if, in
making the arrest, he is himself guilty of excesses,
it would render him a trespasser ab initio, even
if, as the gentleman says, he has legal authority.
But the alternative comes to us: suppose the court
decide that he had not legal authority, still, if he
received the order from the Executive, as is pro-
vided in this bill, and executed it in good faith, I
think he should not in the present condition of
our country be holden for damages; I think he
should be indemnified for damages; and this bill
is drawn with that view.
But, Mr. President, I was about further to re-
mark that gentlemen are to bear in mind that there
are many cases — I suppose I shall be within
bounds if I say there are suits, not commenced
but impending, to the amount of $1,000,000, this
day, against the collector of customs of the city of
New York. He has seized vessels under our con-
fiscation act. They bring suits against him for
that. There are various grounds for them. He
has refused to give clearances to foreign ships,
for instance, to go to Nassau, and to take there
anthracite coal that makes no smoke, which they
intend to furnish to ships to run our blockade
with, to the enemy. It is in pursuance of an act
of Congress; but they say it is contrary to the law
of nations, and they have brought suits against
him. In the beginning of this war, he stopped
the exportation of large quantities of arms by
order of the Executive. We needed them. They
were then selling them to the enemy. Afterwards
these very arms were sold to the Government; but
the owners say they could have got as much again
for them if they had not been stopped by the col-
lector. I might go on with cases innumerable.
Now, the question is whether this officer, acting
in these cases in all good faith and sincerity un-
der color of the laws, as he understood them, or
the statutes or the directions of the Executive,
having probable cause, should not be in this ex-
igency protected? It was in view of cases like
these that occasioned the putting in of these two
alternatives, which two alternatives I think should
be both preserved.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the logic of the
honorable Senator fiom Vermont has failed to con-
vince me, and I think it will fail to convince the
country. The honorable Senator says if an offi-
cer acts with an innocent intention or probable
cause, why should lie be responsible ? Why, sir,
in the very cases that he cites as to these suits for
millions of dollars against the collector of New
York, we all understand what the law is there. If
the collector seizes goods and has probable cause
for the seizure, if he has probable cause to refuse
a clearance, he is exempted from the consequences
of hm act, because the law says that a man acting
in an official capacity, where a rational man would
say he had probable cause for the action, ought
not to be subjected to damages. But the honor-
able Senator's provision goes much further. He
seeks in this case, supposing there is no probable
cause whatever, to throwback the defense on the
ground of the innocence of intention of the party;
and that throws upon the plaintiff the proof of ma-
lignity, of the personal intention to wrong. What
a monstrous proposition that is 1 The wrong is
done; the man is illegally arrested, illegally im-
prisoned, held for God knows how long; and then
when the question of probable cause arises, he is
to be told, " Oh, no; there was no probable cause
for all this; but the party did not mean to do you
a personal wrong, and you must show a malignity
of motive or malice in intention on his part, or you :
cannot recover for an avowed and certain wrong
done." The fact that the principle is novel, un- j
precedented in the history of any nation or any ;
State, alone should be sufficient to reject it. It is ]
an attempt to deny justice in the case of manifest ,
wrong; not only mantfest wrong, but even where
there is not probable cause to support the act of
wrong. That is the effect of the provision of the
bill which I move to strike out.
Sir, I do not know what may be the action of
the Senate; I do know what will be the sentiment
of the country. The great misfortune is, that the
reports of the debates in this body do not go to
the country—I do not speak of the language used; ;
I speak of the substance of the debates—except j
to the readers of the Globe. It is so, sir. The
principles advanced and denied on this floor are 1
unknown to the people of the United States in
general. The proceedings here, the motions,but
not the debates, in substance, go to the country;
and no man who hears me can deny fox* one mo-
ment that that is the fact. They will go, sir. The
truth will out, ultimately. The Globe exists; the
Globe reports propositions and the debates and
arguments here; and if they cannot be heard in
this body, and if the press do not choose, in the
general, to report them, it may retard public sen-
timent a little; it will not prevent its going to the
people at large, in the end. I never mean to make
any question here except a question which I be-
lieve is vital in principle; but when I do make
thosequestions I have no fears—though they may
be voted down by the majority of the hour, though
they may not be known at first—that great truths
will not triumph, with a little energy and a little
perseverance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware to the amendment
of the committee; and on this question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Browning. Carlile, Cowan,
Hale, Hardin?, Henderson, Howaid, McDougall, Powell,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Wall, and Willey—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Harris, Hicks, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner, Tea Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wilniot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to which I hope there will be no objection,
which I believe will be equivalent to a force of ten
thousand men in the field. I will not debate it.
It is to add the following as an additional section
to the amendment reported from the committee:
Jiwl be it fuither cnactcd, That no person not in the mili-
tary or naval seivice of the United Status Ui<ill be held in
custody for ton days fiom the parage of this not, who has
been, or shall hereafter be, arrested wttlun anv State oi dis-
trict wherein the oidmaiy proce>« of the court* of the Uni-
ted States is not ob ti tictcd, tor nidmp the pre-seui rebellion
or obstructing tiie execution of any law oi military order,
unless within ten days after such aue*t the charge4* against
such person shall be ieduced to writing and filed id the of-
fice of the eloik of the district court ol the United States in
the district in winch .such person is attested ; and upon ap-
plication by the person accused it «*hall be the duty of the
jud^e of said couitto examine into the cause of <nioh arrest,
and such judcre may discharge or hold to bail such person,
or dismiss such application, as, in the opinion ot said jud^e,
the public safety m.ty lequwe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that amendment. I think it
would defeat all action by the Government en-
tirely.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Senator
from Maine has carefully considered the amend-
ment, or perhaps he would not object to it. I
showed it to quite a number of Senators, and they
agreed to it. It simply provides, where a person
is arrested in a State whefte the ordinary process
of law and the United States courts arc open, that
within ten days after the arrest is made, there
shall be filed in the district court where the man
lives or where he was arrested, the charges against
him upon which he was arrested; that an exam-
ination shall then be had on the application of the
accused party, and the judge shall then either have
the privilege of admitting him to bail, dischaig-
ing him, or discontinuing the proceeding. It pro-
vides simply for an examination of the causes of
the arrest. I do not believe it will impair the ef-
ficiency of the power of the President. This pro-
vision, if it had been acted upon, or if it had been
the law one year ago, would have saved us all the
troubles we had in Ohio, gi owing out of military
arrests, would have given universal satisfaction,
and I believe would have relieved us fiom all
the opprobrium, perhaps unjustly heaped on the
authorities for these military arrests; because it
provides for a simple, plain mode by which the
accused party may have the causes of arrest ex-
amined into withoutany delay orinterference with
the rights of the Government.
Mr. HALE. I want to suggest to my friend
from Ohio, whether he cannot answer all the pur-
poses that he has by making the time twenty days,
i think ten days would be too short a time in some
places remote from the seat of Government. The
Government officers might require to correspond
with the city of Washington^ and I think ten da^S'
would be rather short, and the spirit of the thin£:
would be answered just as well by "niakirig lU
twenty days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that this
amendment is introducing a new subject here that*
will delay the bill we have under consideration';*
and although I sympathize with the object which
the Senator from Ohio has in view, I hope he will
not press the amendment on this bill. Let us get
through with the bill we have under consideration^
The proposition offered by the Senator will open
up a new discussion in regard to the persons who
have been arrested. This bill simply goes to the
protection of parties who may be sued for their
action. I hope the two things will not be mingled
together. It is manifest we shall never get through
with the bill under consideration, if these other
propositions are to be tacked on to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I accord with thegeneral prin-
ciple of the amendment introduced by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, and I think it shows an
advance toward the spirit of public liberty and
toward justice highly creditable to that honorable
Senator. I still think there are objections to the «
mode which he has embodied in hw general idea;
but I shall vote for his amendment as the best
thing that can be obtained, if that can be obtained.
I consider that publicity, in reference to crimes
or charges of any kind, is the life-blood of a free
government. The great danger of the system
of arrest and confinement without the right of
public hearing is, that it will always lead to the
grossest corruption. The honorable Senator's
amendment remedies that, at least. The right of
hearing isgiven; and public investigation, public
opinion in the country, has the means of operating
on every individual case. No secret midnight ar-
rests can be perpetrated under this amendment.
Men cannot be detained without its being known
what are the grounds and charges on which they
aie held. They will have a right to be heard by
their counsel, if necessary, in order to show there
is no probable ground for their detention. To all
that extent the honorable Senator's amendment
goes.
It goes one step further, which 1 think of great
importance. It transfers to the judiciary its proper
powers. The Government ofthis country,in com-
mon parlance, now is spoken of as if the Execu-
tive constituted the Government. The Govern-
ment is composed of the executive, the legislative,
and the judicial departments, each having its
appropriate functions, and when it ceases to be
so, it ceases to be a free Government. The effect
of tins amendment is to restore to the judiciary
its appropriate functions in the investigation of
charges on which an individual is arrested and
confined. It is therefore important in that point
of view. My sole objection to it as not going far
enough is this: that it leaves the question to the
discretion of the judge, without reference to the
fact whether the party has committed an olfense
or not, and the party may be detained in confine-
ment by that decision. Well, sir, judicial discre-
tion is not as liable to abuse, as it is not a political
office, as executive discretion. I admit it is an
advance towards the preservation of the liberty
of the citizen; but, in my judgment, in war or in
peace, in foreign war or in civil war, there are no
circumstances of State necessity which ever ren-
dered a Government stronger, or ever justified the
arrest and confinement of a citizen, unless he had
been guilty of an offense against the laws. To
that extent the amendment does not go, and I re-
gret that it does not go to that extent; but I shall
be glad to see it adopted even in its presentshape.
Mr. GRIMES. The phraseology of the first
clause of the amendment is, '* that no person not
in the military or naval service of the United
States,'* &c. Now, it becomes very important,
before we adopt the amendment, to define what is
meant by being in the military or naval service of
the United States. We have on our statute-book
an act which makes all Army contractors liable
to the rules and regulations of the Army. Are
they included within the category laid down in
the first clause of the amendment? If they are, I
should like to know what the opinion of the Sen-
ator is 
Mr. SHERMAN. I know the objection of the
Senator from Iowa, and if he desires it, it can be
modified so as to read, " all who are subject to
the rules and articles of war.99 That will include
