THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
mamS
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. G.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1863.
New Series.....No. 94.
and for other purposes, frith leave to report atany
time, reported back said bill.
Mr. OLIN. I hope the gentleman will allow
that bill to lie over.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The bill is an important
one, and ought to be passed.
The bill was road.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer an amendment
to the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Rhode Island will allow me to suggest that this is
a bill of very great importance. It is the result
of very labored investigations into frauds that have
been going on for years, which we have no legis-
lation to punish, and which it is important to
reach in a manner to suppress them. Now, if we
put any amendments on the bill, we know it is a
moral certainty that the bill will be lost.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not think so. The bill
now provides tftat for every invoice a merchant
obtains for his goods, he shall obtain three cer-
tificates and pay three consular fees of two dollars
each. I want to amend that so as to make all
fees only two dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. The effectofamending the
bill will be to defeat the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree precisely with my col-
league upon the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Matnard.] We do look upon this as a bill
of more importance than any one we have passed
for some time; and I am quite sure that the adop-
tion of any amendment is the end of this bill for
this session. If the gentleman calls the previous
question upon his amendment I hope it will be
voted down, and that we will pass the bill just as
it came from the Senate.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 will state frankly that
I piopose to offer two amendments: one which I
have already mentioned, and another to limit the
amount of compensation of the district attorney
for the southern district of New York to $G,000
per annum. I was instructed by the Committee
^n Commerce to offer the first amendment; the
second one J make upon my own motion. I agree
that the bill isan important one and that the amend-
ments had better be voted down than the bill de-
feated.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman is correct
in stating that he offers the first amendment by
order of the committee. I agreed with him in that
as well as in the other Amendment; and I think,
if we had sufficient time, these nm« ndments should
be made to the bill. I agree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that the bill is of more import-
ance than any one we have had this session, in
order to prevent these stupendous frauds winch
have been going oti fora series of yeais,and that
we should do nothing to hazard the passage of
the bill at this session.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 fully agree with the gen-
tleman from Illinois and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, in believing that any amendment will
hazard the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. As such seems to be the
sense of the House, I will not offer the amend-
ment, but demand the previous question.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to reconsider the
-vote by which the hill was passed,and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LKTTKRS OF MARQUE.
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 rise to make a privileged
report. I report back from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, under the leave granted to report
at any tune, lull of the Senate No. 393, concern-
ing letters of inaique, prizes, and prize goods. I
move the previous question on the third reading
of tie bill
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
94
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the concurrent resolution
of the Senate in relation to the committee on the
conduct of the war.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
taken up. It authorizes the joint committee on
the conduct of the war, with a view to complete
their investigations, to continue their sessions for
thirty days after the close of the present Con-
gress, and to place their report and accompanying
testimony in the hands of the Secretary of the
Senate, and directs the printing of five thousand
copies of said report and testimony for the use of
the Senate, and ten thousand copies for the use
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If this printing
is to be done, it ought to be for the use of some-
body, but if the report is not printed until thirty
days after the expiration of this Congress, it will
not be for anybody. I suggest, therefoie, to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the resolution
be so amended as to provide that this report shall
be printed for the use of the members of the pres-
ent Congress.
Mr. GOOCH. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was concurred in.
BRANCH MTNT IN NEVADA.
On motion of Mr. STRATTON, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill of the House<(No.
663) to establish a branch mint of the United
States in the Territory of Nevada.
Mr. STRATTON. This is a bill recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means. I call
the previous question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main ouestion ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MKKTIMG.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That when the limine adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to meet at eleven o'clock, a. m , to-moriow.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
bill of the House No. 678, to enable the district
courts of the United States to issue executions
and other final process in certain cases,"upon
which he demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read (he third time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
And then, on motion of Mr. F. A. CONIC-
LING, (at eighteen minutes to twelve o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 3, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, R< v. Dr. Sunderland.
Mr. CHANDLER. I m<>vu that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will be dispensed with if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none.
TREATY WITH PERU.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 554) to carry into
effect the convention between the United States
and the republic of Peru, signed at Lima on the
12ih ofJanuary, 1863, for the settlement ofclaima.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Resulted, That the Senate disagree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives to ihu said bill, and ask a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes o{ the two Houses thereon.
Chdcrcd, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Sonuio be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr,
Sumner, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Hicks, the com-
mittee on-the part of the Senate. t
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk,announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 663) to establish a branch mint of
the United States in the Territory of Nevada;
A bill (No. 678) to enable the district courts of
the United States to issue executions, and other
final process, in certain cases; and
A bill (No. 779) to modify existing laws im-
posing duties on imports, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives hud signed vari-
ous enrolled bills.
READING OF THE JOURNAL,
Mr. KING. Has the Journal been read?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
has not been read. Its reading was dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
Mr. KING. There were some objections here.
I think it had better be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
heard no objection. Did the Senator from New
York object?
Mr. RING. The Senator from Maine ex-
pressed dissent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
heard no objection.
Mr. FES'SENDEN. I did object. I said I
thought it had better be read. I do not know
whether the Chair heard it or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Journal
must be read.
The Secietary read the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings, the concluding portion of which was
as follows:
" So the Senate refused to adjourn.
"The question being put bv the Chair, will the Senate
ooncur in the repoit of the committee ol conference ?
" It was determined in the affirmative; it was
" Resolved, That the Senate concur m the report of the
committee of eouteience on the <ii. a<rreenig votes of the
two flou^e*. on the bill (H. It No 591) to indemnify the
President and other per.-on - for suspending th< pnvilege of
the writ of habeas corpus- and acts done in pursuance thereof.
uOrdcredi Thai the Secretary notify the House of Rep-
resentatives ilieicoi.
"On motion bv Mr TRUMBtJLi.. that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the hill (II. !1. No. 598") relating to
the validity ol deeds* of public squares and lots in the city
of Washington,
*' It was determined m the affirnfative, and the Senate
proceeded to con^idei said bill as in Committee of tire
Wliolc.
" On motion by Mr. Howard,
"The Senate adjourned.*5
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER was recognized.
Mr. SAULSBURY, I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware will state the question to which he
rises.
SUSPENSION OF THE HABEAS CORPUS.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I rise to
aprivileged question. I see that my colleague has
just come in; I did not know it when I rose. Per-
haps I ought to leave the matter to him; but I rose
