THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
a}l the class of persons to whom he alludes. I
desire to include all.
Mr. GRIMES. If it can be so amended, then
the particular objection I have to itiswiihdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will modify itin that way;
so as to read, " not in the military or naval ser-
vice ox included within the articles of war."
Mr. GRIMES. "Or persons subject to the
aftides of war."
Mr. SHERMAN. "Or persons subject to the
articles of war." I will modify it in that way.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is folly
for us to disguise the great fundamental principle
that separates the gentlemen of the eastern States
mid the gentlemen who represent the conservative
States of theNorthwestand the border States upon
this questio-rt. There is a direct, radical difference.
jNow what is the use 
Mr. DOOUTTLE. I call the Senator from
Delaware to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Senator will state his point of order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My point of order is this:
that the Senator was ruled out of order and in
contempt of the Senate; and the rule declares that
he shall not be permitted to proceed without leave
of the Senate, and that leave hns not been given.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pornt of
order, in the opinion of the Chair, is well taken.
The Senator from Delaware will resume his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does the Senator from
Wi sconsm mean that I am in contempt of any
honorable gentleman? If he thinks so, I want to
know it.
Mr. SUMNER. Order! order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware will take his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was rising to address
the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will take his seat.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Just as I please; not nth*
erwi.se. I am not a slave to power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will observe order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Just as I please. I re-
quire the Senator from Wisconsin to put his point
of order in writing:.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will observe order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Scrgeant-
ot-Arms will take the Senator in charge.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let him do so at his ex-
pense.
In obedience to the order of the Presiding Offi-
cer, the Serjeant-at-Arms, George T. Brown,
Esq., approached Mr. Saulsbury, who was sit-
ting at adesk. It was understood thatMr. Sauls-
bury refused to retire, but at a subsequent period
he left the Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of theamendmentproposed by
the Senator from Ohio, and on that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL (after first voting in the
affirmative) said: Although I sympathize with
the object of this amendment, I think it will em-
barrass the passage of this bill. I will therefore
change my vote and vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 20, nays
20', as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Browning, Carlile,
Cowan. Gnm^b, Halo, Harding:, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Hicks, Lane of Indiana, MeDougall, Powell, Sherman.
TurpiP. Wall, Willey, ami Wilson of Missouri—2(>.
NAYS—Chandler, Clark, Collanier, l)ix<tn, Doo-
Httle, Feo-enderi, Foot, Po.-ter, Howard, King. Lane of
Kansas, Morrill,Poim-roy, Sumner, Ten fayck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wihuot, and Wilson' of Massachu-
setts—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 move to amend the first sec-
tion of the amendment of the committee, in the
ninth line, by inserting after the word " States"
the words "in the exercise of his constitutional
authority;" so that if the amendment be adopted
the biil will read:
That If any suitor prosecution ha* been or shall be com-
menced in any State court against any officer, civil or mili-
tary, or against 3ny other person, for any arrest or imprison-
ment made or other trespasses or wiongs done or committed
at any time during the present lebelhnn, by vmue or under
color of any authority derived from or exeicised by or under
the President of the United States, in the exercise oi' lib
constitutional authority. See.
Mr. President, I do not intend to make more
than a remark on this amendment. Senators, in
their discussions here, seemed to remit the consti-
tutional question to the courts. Some Senators
have avowed their belief that the President has the
■ power under the Constitution to suspend the priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus; and I suppose,
arguing from that, derive also a like authority in
him to make an arrest without warrant and with-
out authority of law. I think that the suspension
of the writ oi habeas corpus itself does not authorize
an arbitrary arrest, nor an arrest made in any other
mode than that known to the law—upon oath or
affirmation,and by warrant issued by some com-
petent authority.
I take it that it is not the purpose—and if it be
the purpose, it is time the loyal people of this
country should know it—I take it, it is not the
purpose of the Senate of the United States to re-
move from the people the protecting influences
which that people have carefully-secured to them-
selves in the Constitution under which Senators
are now acting and hold their seats. If I am right
in this, the amendment is proper and will receive
the approval of this body. If, however, it is in-
tended by this bill to place the President of the
United States above the Constitution and laws of
the country, to put the liberty of every man in
every loyal State in this Union—for be it remem-
bered, this bill is nottooperate in the seceded and
rebellious States—if it is the intention of the bill
to put the liberty and property of every man in
this country at the will and pleasure of the Exec-
utive and the ten thousand officers who may claim
to act under color of authority derived from him,
then the amendment will be voted down. Sir, [
hold that there is nothing in this wai, nor in any
other war, that can justify any depai tmenf of this
Government in depriving the citizens loyal to it of
the protection which the Constitution gives them
and intended to give them. The President lias no
more power to ai rest the humblest citizen than
any other individual in the land, unless he dei iv-es
it from the Constitution and laws of the country.
He is as amenable to that Constitution and to those
laws, and should feel himself as much bound by
them, as is the humblest citizen.
Mr. President, pass the bill with out this amend-
ment, and there will be but little more wanting to
blot the States of this Union out of existence.
The bill proposes to oust the States of their ju-
risdiction over their citizens; to deprive them of
the power to hear and determine the wrongs in-
dicted upon their citizens; to remove from their
comts the determination of causes which have
arisen within the jurisdiction of their States, and
to embarrass the iemedies which the States have
provided for the protection of the liberty of the
i citizen and his property. Sir, [Mr. Clakk in the
! chair,] under the authority of this bill as it now
stands, you can go into your State, the State of
New Hampshire, and turn one of your neighbors
out of his home from off his estate. If he goes
to his court to seek redress, he is there met with
this law, and required, if he attempts to prosecute
the ordinary remedies, to follow them into the Fed-
eral courts of the country; and when hearts there
he is met by this bill, authorizing the President
of the United States, or any one under him claim-
ing color of authority from him to do the act, and
redress is denied him. But, sir, I take it, if it
was only in cases where the constitutional author-
ity is in the President to delegate this power, the
Senate intended it to be exercised, we would not
| be troubled with this bill. It is because the Sen-
j ate, acting m unison with the Executive, desire to
| legalize arbitrary and illegal arrests that this bill
i will be passed, and the amendment I have offered
| will be rejected. What security will be leir for
; the liberties of the people? The Constitution ab-
rogated, the courts of their State closed against
thtrn, what is left them but a despotism:
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. Piesident, but for the
fact that the last amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio was rejected, I could
havfi hoped that this amendment of the Senator
from Virginia would be adopted. If I understand
it rightly, and I think I do, I shall state very
briefly the principle involved in the amendment,
as I understand it; and I am loth to believe that
the Senate can deliberately reject that principle.
This bill provides, that for any arrest, imprison-
ment, or wrong done by one person to another
citizen of the United States, if it is done under
the authority of the President, or by authority
derived from him, or under color of authority,
the party shall be protected from the consequences
of his action. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia proposes to place upon that this limitation:
that it shall be done under color of authority or
the authority of the President, in the exercise of
his constitutional power. If the Senate reject tne
amendment, they are determining that there shall
be no redress for any wrong which maybe author-
ized by the President, however it may place the
Constitution at defiance, whether it touches a
man's person by imprisonment or the destruction
of his property. There is to be no redress if the
President has authorized the act. That is the
effect of rejecting the amendment. What, then,
becomes of the Government of the United States
under such circumstances ? It is a sheer, lawless
despotism, and no more; a despotism unequaled
in the annals of the world, unless you go to the
King of Dahomey for an example.
I do not say that the present President of the
United States would so exercise his powers; but
I speak of the grant of power or the recognition
of authority on the part of the President, which
would tempt a bad man to the exercise of these
powers. In my judgment no greater fallacy ever
was enunciated than the idea that, because the
individual may not intend wrong, you are not to
guard against the abuses of power. Sir, when
Cromwell entered into the civil wars of England
as a soldier, do you suppose that he intended to
overturn the liberties of England and make him-
self the despot of his country? Not at all, in my
belief. His intentions were to put down the exac-
tions and the abu.ses on the part of the Stuarts; but
in the progress of affairs, with the frailty that is
necessarily incident to human nature, the power
that was intrusted to him asthe reward of victory
spoiled the better elements of the man's character;
and he ended by prostrating the very liberties for
the purpose of vindicating and sustaining which he
entered the contest in the outset. This is always
the progress of human mUure. It does not depend
on the character of an existing President. It may
be that he will never do anything of the kind, or
attempt anything of the kind; butlet a free people
once set the example, by means of their delibera-
tive bodies, of sanctioning the utmost extent of
despotic power on the part of the Executive, and
the man will come as ceifain as that death will
come to every individual; it is unavoidable. It
is the entire destruction, the subversion, of every-
thing like free government, if you mean by this
bill to sanction any act, no matter whether it is
in excess of power—no matter whether there is
not the semblance of power for it—provided the
President of the United States authorizes it to be
done; and that is the construction you give to the
bill by refusing to insert the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Virginia. His amendment
protects every man who performs the functions
of arrest and .imprisonment of any other individ-
ual, if he has been authorized under color of au-
thority of the President m the exercise of his con-
stitutional power. Do you mean to go beyond that?
If you do, where is the limit? What semblance of
free government remains, if the Executive head of
the Government, by his mere mandate,can author-
ize a man to commit any wrong against the person
or the property of any citizen of the United States*
and that man can go into a court of justice and say,
"no matter whether I did wrong or not, no matter
how uncalled for or how atrocious the act, the
President authorized me to do it, and he makes
the Government, Congress having surrendered to
him the entire and despotic power over the lives,
property, and persons of every citizen of the Uni-
ted States?" Reject the amendment, and that is
the result of the decision.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upon that question I be
lieve I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The Senator will take his seat.
