1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 27, 1863.
•The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
CONSULAR COURTS IN TURKEY.
Th<* SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
nication from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State
presenting; the regulations, decrees, and orders
of the United States consular courts in Turkey;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
The SPEAKER stated the business before the
House to be the motion of tho gentleman from
New York [Mr. Olin] to reconsider the vote by
which the following amendment was adopted to
the bill of the Senate (No. 432) in relation to the
bounty, pay, and emoluments of volunteers in cer-
tain cases:
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it/wither enacted, That each private soldier
of the Army who shall have volunteered for the penod of
not less than two years, or for "dm nig the war," and shall
have been or shall hereafter be honorably discharged on
account of wounds or other disability which shall have
been incurred alter enteiing the beivice, and in the line of
duty,-shall be entitled to teceivc such a proportion of the
sum of $100 provided for in the fifth section of an act en-
titled "An act autbotizins* Ihcemploymentof volunteers to
aid in enforcing the law* and protecting public pioperty,"
approved July 22, 1861, a-s the time ot actual service bcais
to the peiiod'of two years.
Sec. 3. And he it fuit/icr enacted, That the pay of the
privates in the tegul.n Aimy and voluntceis in the service
of the United States <shall be fifteen dollars pei month until
otherwise provided by law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. OLIN. And I propose to say a word on
this subject.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is the motion to reconsider
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is. The previous ques-
tion exhausted itself upon the adoption of the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York, at the close of his remarks yesterday,
moved thepreviousquestionon thebillandamend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Hut, the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana was pending furthe previous
question on the amendment simply, and the de-
mand of the gentleman from New York was, there-
fore, not entertained. The Chair decides that the
motion is debatable, and that the gentleman from
New York is entitled to the iloor.
Mr. OLIN. If I can have the attention of the
House, 1 will not detain it for many minutes, i
trust the House will reconsider the vote adopting
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] and I will then indicate the dis-
position of the pending bill I propose to have made
by the House. I hardly hope, however, for at-
tention ; for I discover there are a great many men
in the House too busily employed about small
matters to care much about a measure which, at
a single stroke of the pen, appropriates neaily
twenty-four million dollars annually.
Mr. Speaker, this amendment, which, without
a moment's consideration, was yesterday attached
by vote of the House to an apparently unim-
portant bill, will in my judgment, if parsed into
a law, involve the expenditure of not less than
$24,000,000 annually. And that expenditure w lil
have, in my judgment, the slightest provocation
which ever induced the expenditure of money.
One provision of the amendment by a single
sentence raised the pay of all the privates of the
Army two dollars per month. We have no data
showing the aggregate number of men now on the
pay rolls of the Army at the present moment. The
3ecretary of War thought it best, for obvious rea-
sons, not to communicate to this House the in-
formation as to how many troops were in the field,
even if that could be ascertained. Butaccording
to my best information there are now upon the
pay rolls of the Army nearly a million men; and
the addition of two dollars per month pay will in-
volve an additional expenditure of about twenty-
four million dollars annually.
Now, it was said, as an excuse for this meas-
ure, that the currency had depreciated, and that
the volunteer soldiers did not therefore receive the
same pay from the Government they expected to
receive when they entered the service. If that
be true in respect to the soldier, it is equally true
of everybody else. The depreciation of the cur-
rency alfects every creditor of the Government,
every creditor, debtor, and poor man, as well as
the soldiers. So much for that proposition.
Now, to call the attention of the House to the
already exorbitantsum now paid to the soldiers—
I make this statement upon deliberation, and with-
out the fear of anybody in the House or out of
the House—I ask the indulgence of the House if)
presenting a few facts for its consideration.
When the nine months men went into the service
a great many of them were paid a bounty of from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty dollars in
addition to the sum they received from tho na-
tional Government. Such was the fact through-
out the northern States. In Verrftont, for in-
stance, every man who has gone into the service
has received a compensation of about twenty dol-
lars per month. Yet, upon these facts, it is now
sought to raise by taxation, in a country already
on the verge of bankruptcy, the pay of the sol-
dier, already exorbitant, and that, too, by gentle-
men whohave persistently,in this House, resisted
every measure for carrying on this war, and every
necessary, and unavoidably necessary measure
for the preservation of the Government.
Mr. IIOLMAN. When the gentleman makes
that charge 
Mr. OLIN. I cannot yield now. How does
the gentleman know that I refer to him? Is he
wounded ?
Mr. HOLMAN. What I say is, that when the
gentleman makes that charge he should be more
specific.
Mr. OLIN. I do not refer to you particularly.
The gentleman is crazy. [Laughter.] i say that
men have voted for this measure who have been, I
repeat it, persistently opposing every necessary
measure for the* defense of the country and the
maintenance of law. If it were not unparliament-
ary to judge of men's motives fiom their acts in
this House, it might be asked with propriety how
it comes that bmdens so unable to bu boi no, and so
unnecessary, should be thrust upon the House at
this time, by the vote of men who have opposed all
conciliatory necessary measures to keep the Gov-
ernment in practical operation ?
I was going on to say that the nine months men
and the latter portion of the thiee years men re-
ceived not only the pay and bounties promised by
the Government, and which are liberal beyond
anything known in history, but they have received
bounties granted by States, counties, cities, and
townsto thcextentoffromonetofive hundred dol-
lars.
Now, the amendment to this bill, which has been
adopted by the House, is wholly unjust. It ap-
plies to the nine months men, with«all their extra
pay and emoluments, to the same extent that it
does to the earlier three years men, who enlisted
without pay, except the thirteen dollars a month
which they receive from the Government, and
without bounty, except the §100 which has been
extended to them by law at the close of their term
of service.
Now, if this vote shall be reconsidered, I pro-
pose to refer the bill back to the Milituiy Com-
mittee of the House for (he purpose of bringing
before the House the report of that committee on
the subject, so that the House may act upon it
understandmgly. Then, with all the facts before
us, if it is the pleasure of the House to vote this
additional pay and bounty, I shall cheerfully ac-
quiesce m its decision. But I ask and entieat for
the measure that careful consideration which its
magnitude, under all the exigencies: of the service
and the country, demands tor it.
Mr. DUNN. With tin: leave of the gentleman
from New Yoric, I wish to call the attention of
the House, more specifically than perhaps ha^ yet
been done, to the impoiianee of the provisions of
the amendment presented by my colleague, [Mr. !
Holman.] Many gentlemen, 1 ki>ow,voied yes- j
terdav upon this question under the impression ;
that the proposition of my colleague was simply j
one to inciease the pay ot the rank and file of the ,
Army two dollars per month. But, sir, theie is j
another provision of his amendment more import- j
ant even than that. That provision is this: that 1
all soldiers in the service shall be paid bounty in
proportion to the length of their service. ,
Now, sir, I believe that the volunteers, them-
selves have not been making any such
upon the liberality of this Government at a time
like this. I believe that this proposition foi' rh-
crease of pay and increase of bounty was not pre*
sented by them. They are not here besieging th'fr
Halls of the Legislature of the country asking for
additional pay and bounty. They see the great
expense that the Government must necessarily
incur in the prosecution of the war. Did the three
months men,who gallantly volunteered at the'call
of their country expect this additional pay and
bounty? Yet the proposition of my friend from
Indiana would give them their bounty in propor-
tion to the length of their service to three years;
that is, I suppose, for about an eighth of the
bounty granted to the three years men.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York said that this bounty applied to the nine
months men, and my colleague has made it apply,
to the three months soldiers. Now, the first clause
of the amendment is as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it fuithcr enacted, That each private sol-
dier of tire Army who shall have volunteered for the period
of not less than two years, or for <c during the war," and
shall have been or shall hereafter he honorably discharged
on account of wounds or other disability which thali have
been incurred after entering the service, and in the line of
duty, shall be entitled to receive mclr n proportion of the
sum of $100 provided for in the fifth section of an act enti-
tled " An act authorizing the employment of volunteers to
aid in cnfoicmg the laws and piotectuig public property,"
appioved July 2% 1861, a^ the time of actual service bears
to the period "of two years.
Mr. DUNN. Well, Mr. Speaker, we know that
many of those who have enlisted for three years
have not served for three months or for three
weeks; how is the gentleman going to have all of
the clerks of all of the Departments of Washing-
ton ciphering from day to day in the double rule
of three to ascertain how much bounty the soldier
is entitled to who served three days or three weeks
or three months. It is a perfect absurdity.
But let me bring the attention of the House to
another point. He will not be done when he has
succeeded in getting this proposition passed by
the House. 1 expect to see him here, uefore the
three years have expiied, asking for an increase
of bounty for the soldiers who may serve for three
years. If he does not do it, I cannot sec how he
can justify himself, unless he falls back upon the
parable of the laborers in the vineyard.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The act of 1861 provided for
raising volunteers for two years or the war. It
gave this bounty to a certain class of*soldiers—
to those who served for two years.
Mr. McPHERSON. Three years.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; but for two years or
the war. That is the language of the act.
Mr. DUNN. Now let me proceed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now,does mycolleaguedeny
that a man who has served and been honorably
discharged, because ofthocasualty of war, should
be refused his proportionate portion of the bounty ?
Would that be just? I think not. When a man
serves for a single month, and by reason of
wounds or sickness is disabled from service, is
he not as much entitled to the favor of the Gov-
ernment as if he had served his term of service
out? He has done for the country all that he
could do. That is my position.
Mr. DUNN. When a soldier who enlists for
the war, and serves for three days or three weeks
and is disabled, he goes upon the pension list, and
receives a pension during his life, is not that
some compensation ? I am willing to give a patri-
otic soldier every dollar that I think the country
can afford. They arc patriots, not hirelings, ready
to strike tor higher wages. They will trust to the
grateful sense of the people to do them justice
when we aie once more united and prosperous.
Look at those who went out to seive during the
Mexican war. They did not wait before starting
to know how much they could make by it. They
rushed earnestly to the battle-field at the call of
then- country, and the country granted them
bounty in lands whichwas not promised them when
they enlisted. Now, to say that our soldiers are
controlled by mere dollars and cents, is ascribing
to them a motive unworthy of the patiiotic ardor
they have shown in this contest.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Let my colleague yield to me
for a moment.
Mi. DUNN. I decline to yield to my colleague.
