THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
He has been upon the floor time and time again
on this subject since the commencement of the ses-
sion. He spoke half an hour yesterday. I want
a moment to myself.
Mr. Speaker, we know one fact, and I call the
attention of the House to it: that many States,
many counties, many cities, many townships
have taxed themselves heavily to raise additional
bounty to pay to the soldiers who are now serv-
ing in this war. Is that no compensation ? Has
anybody asked that they shall be paid additional
to that? Have notgentiemen the courage to stand
by the Treasury of the Union in a time like this?
I think if my colleague should go through the
Army and make his speech there he might put it
into the heads of the soldiers to ask for this addi-
tional bounty. I have been much among the sol-
diers, and have never heard one word of complaint
about the present pay. They do not complain
that it is not sufficient. That is not their com-
plaint. They complain that the Government does
not pay according to promise. They do not ask
that you will promise them additional compensa-
tion, but only to fullill the promises you made
when they enlisted. I say tnct our soldiers will
be content to trust to a grateful posterity. They
will trust to those days of peace and prosperity
which I trust are not far distant. They do ask
one thing now. They ask better medical treat-
ment when they are sick and disabled in the ser-
vice. I think, if we are to expend money, that it
would be better to do it in that way than by giv-
ing additional bounty. Let the Government follow
the soldier everywhere, with every means possi-
ble to sccurc his comfort in health and in sickness;
let it provide for the speedy discharge of those
who are unfit for service, anu their return to their
homes, and they will then, while enjoying the
honor their country awards them, patiently wait
for additional pecuniary reward until the circum-
stances of the country will make such rewards
practicable.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] charged this side of the House
with having sustained the amendment to this bill.
Let me teil him that thirty-two of his own side
of the House supported it on the yeas and nays.
Let him ^ive them a hit.
Mr. OLIN. I know they did; but they did it
under a misapprehension.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me say a word.
Mr. OLIN. I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. HOLMAN. The main bill of the session
was passed by an almost unanimous vote.
Mr. OLIN. If the motion to reconsider be car-
ried, I will then move that the subject be referred
to the Committee on Military Affan\s. That com-
mittee will repoit on these amendments, and (he
House will then be in a condition to act on them.
With that view 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table; and on that mo-
tion demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Mof-sr*. William Allen, Ancona, Babbitt, Clem-
ent'*, Cobb, Ciavrns, Ciiitendf-n, D.ivve-, Duulap, ,Samuel
O. Fesfscnden. Thomas A.D Fc^cnden Granger, (Iruler,
[la din«, Harrison, Uolman, Ketrigan, Ktllinger, Knapp,
Lazear, Malloi), May. iVioiris. Noble. OdeD," Pendleton,
Perry, Poru-r, Itobin-on, Shcllabaigcr, Flu rtnan, Shicl,
Sloan, William G. Steele, Stiles, Thomas:, Vallan-
digltam, Vooiliec, Wad1* worth. Wash but in*, Whalev, Chil-
ton A. While, ami Yeaman—43.
NAYS—"Me^. Aldnch. Haily, Baker. Baxter, Beamnn,
Biddle, Bingham, Jacob B. Blan, William G Brown, Bftf-
fmton, t.'aiveit, Campbell, Chamberl,mi. (,'laik. Colfax,
Fiedorick A Conkling, Kor>eoe Conklnii.'. Coinvuv. (,'ri>-
field. Culler, Davi-s, Dunn. Ed«erk>n, Edwards, Eliot. Ely,
Fenton, Funehot, Goodwin, Il.uglu, Hall, Hickman,
Hoop<*i, lioitou. Ilutchiits, Julian, Keiley. William Kel-
losrtr Lf'lmi.m. Loomts, Low.'jnv, L'nv, Meiiidoc. Melvean,
ISIeK night. MePlsei'son, Maynaid. MitehHI, Moot head. An-
son i' .Moinll. JiMin fr. Morrill, Nixon, iSoell, Nottoti,
Olm, Pillion, Timothy G. I'help-, I'ike. Pomejoj, Potter,
Price, Ale.vandei fl. Hice, John (l. Rice, itiddir, Edward
H. Rollins, ^aijjent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shank?,, Shefheld,
£< mih, John H, Steele, Steven*. bfratlon, Benjamin F.
Thoma--, Tutnbl< . Tro'wl-inlge, Van Horn, Veriee, Vib-
batd. Walker, Wallace, W«*bstei, Wheeler, Albeit S.
White, WiKon, Wmdom, and Worce^er—S7.
So the motion to reconsider was nut laid upon
the table.
Dnrinjf the vote,
Mi, LANSING stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dur.lj., was detained at his room by illness.
The vote wasthenannouncedasaboverecorded.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. OLIN moved that the bill and amendments
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
and on that motion demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as thatcommittee
has declared itself against the measure, I demand
the yeas and nays.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
"Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pendleton
and Oun were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered, the tellers
having reported—ayes twenty-eight, more than
one fifth of those present.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiduch, William J. Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold. Uaily, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Biddle, Bingham.
Jacob B. Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Burnhain, Calvert, Camp-
bell, Chamberlain, Clark, Frederick A. Conkling, Roscoe
Conkling, Conway, Covode, Cmfield, Cutler, Davis,
Dawes, Dunn, Edgerton. Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton,
Thomas A. D. Fe&senden, Fmiichot, Goodwin, Haight,
flail, Hickman, Hooper, Norton, Hutchins, Julian,Kelley,
Franeirt W. Kellogg. William Kellogg, Lehman, Loomis,
Jjovejoy, Low,Melndoe.McKean. Mc-Knight, MePherson,
Marion, Maynard, Mitchell, Mooihead, Anson P. Morrill,
Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noeil,Norton, Olm, Patton, Tim-
othy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomoroy, Potter, Price, Alexander IJ.
Rice, John li.'ttice, Riddle, Edward II. "Rollins, James S.
Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shel-
Inhaigei, Shennan, Sloan, Smith, Sp.uilding, Stevens,
Str.Uton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, VerreeJ Waikei, Wallace, Webster, Albert S.White,
and Worcester—96.
NAVS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Babbitt, Clem-
ents, Collax, Ctaven*, Crittenden, Dunlap, Samuel C.
Fe&-endcn, Gutnger^Grider, Harding, Hanson, fiohnan,
Kciriyan, Killinirei, Knapp, Mallorv, Morris, Noble, Odell,
Pendleton, Periy, i'ortei, Itobin^on, William G. Steele,
Stile-., Ftancis Thomas, Vallandi«bain, Voorhees, Wads-
woith, Washhurne, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Yeaman— U7.
So the bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. * *
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MBSSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ale had passed, with amendments, a bill of the
House (No. 582) for the relief of persons fordam-
ages sustained by leason of depredations and in-
juries by certain bandsof Sioux Indians, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 675,
to raise additional soldiers for the service of the
Government. ^
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to a question of
111 Mr'."wASHBURNE. X call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will state his question of privilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have been charged with
j having* been instrumental of a violation of the rules
of this House, and I cannot better state the charge
than by reading the article.
Thf SPEAKER. The Chair would state
the gentleman fiom Kentucky that if his question
of privilege relates to what is contained in a news-
paper, the Chair has decided over and over again
that such a publication is not a question ofprivi-
lege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Then I ask unanimous
consent to make the explanation, more for the pur-
pose of doing justice to a dooikeeper than for
myself.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. In consequence of my
crippled condition, and that of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Corning.] the doorkeeper near-
est to us lias been in the habit of permitting in-
dividuals calling upon us to come in at ibis door
at my left, instead of requiring us to walk down
the steps to see them. For that I have fcltgrateful.
The other day a card came to me signed by a
;} man by the name of Garnett. I directed thedoor-
ii keeper to ask him to step in, and I would see him
in a few moments. I found him sitting upon a sofa
near the door. His business was of rather an un-
pleasant kind to me; he wanted to borrow jnoney,
and I had none to lend. [Laughter.] Our inters
view was very short. I learned that he was a pa-
roled confederate officer. We parted, and he went
out of the House. A statement, written by aclerk
of one of the committees of this House, was pub-
lished in a paper which I hold in my hand. Shall
I read it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had unani-
mous consent to make his statement.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. It is as follows:
"Vallandigiiam and Rebels.—The Washington corre-
spondent of the Cincinnati Gazette, under date of the 7th,
says that Lieutenant Garnett, a paroled prisoner of Stuart's
rebel cavalry, was on the floor of the House, on Wednes-
day, escorted by Wickliffe."
That was a lie.
li On Tuesday VallaxdighaM was showinghim around.
As soon as his presence on the floor on Wednesday was dis-
covered, he was expelled, and Wickliffe thus deprived
of his congressional companion. Vallandiqham ought to
have been expelled with the lebel."
Now, sir, I think the writer of that letter ought
to be expelled from the clerkship of the Military
Committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desh-p to say, so
far as I am concerned, that statement is absolutely
and unqualifiedly false, without even the shadow
of a foundation. I do not know anything of this
Garnett. He did not even desire to borrow money
of me.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-,
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 568) to
provide for the printing of the annual report of
the banks of the United States; when the Speaker
signed the same.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
consideration of House bill No. 675.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN E. I desire to say that there
is a bill which came from the Military Commit-
tee, which I hope will be taken up and acted
upon, and therefore I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. If the report from the Ways
and Means Committee is an appropriation bill,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right to
report now, as it is in order to report appropria-
tion bills at any time.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, with Senate amend-
ments thereto, an act (H. R. No. 617) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 3 863.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amendments
be considered at this time.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE. I raise the pointoforder
that the amendments must be first considered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state t>f the Union,
in order to consider those amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope not. I want to
get up the canal bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair.)
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee take up for consideration the Senate
amendments to the bill of the House (No. 617) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863.
The motion was agreed to.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Page 1, after the word "cents," line ten, add "for salary
of marshal hi the consular court, at Canton, from lsi July,
I860, to 30th August, J860, $165 76."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing deb*n«>
upon this bill.
Tellers were called for and ordered; ard
