1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i will pro-
IVT r. Morrill, of Vermont, and Mr. Thomas,
of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 46, noes 52.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONWAY obtained tlie floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman from
Kansas yield a moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object unless
the gentleman yields unconditionally.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
from Vermont wilrnot object.
Mr. CONWAY. I prefer not to yield.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman wi
ceed without interruption.
Messrs. CONWAY and SHELLARARGER
each addressed the committee for an hour. [These
speeches will be published in the Appendix.]
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
bill.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HoLMAKand
Fenton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
«—ayes 66, noes 55.
So the motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, but particularly Senate amendments
to House bill No. G17, to supply deficiencies in
the appiopriations for the fiscal year ending 30th
Juno, 1863, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate upon
those amendments be closed in five minutes after
the committee again resume the consideration
thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend by substi-
tuting "one hour'Yor " five minutes." And now
1 demand the yeas and nays upon the motion to
close debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wefe ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J.Allen, An-
eon.i, O-uly, Biddle, Cobb, Conway, Craven*, Cuttenden,
Duulap. Gridei, Hnight, Hall, Hauling, Ilorton, Johnson,
William Kellog?, Kerugan, KilJinger, Knapp, Lazcat,.Mc-
Kmght, Malloiv, May, Moms, Noble, Noiton, Olin, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Price, Robinson, James t*. Rollins, Se^ar,
Sheffield, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Vallandisjhani, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster,
Chilton A. White, VViekhtie, Woodiuil, ami Yeam.ui—4*5.
NAYS-Mc^is. Aldueli, Alley, Arnold, A<hley. Raker,
Baxter, Bingham, Blake,, William G. Hiovvn, BufJinton,
Chamberlain. Clark, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
lin#, Uoj.eoe Cmiklm#,Cutler, Davis, Uawcs, Div en, Dunn,
K<tau?rton, Khot, fily, Fenton, Samuel C. Fe&scndcn, Thom-
as J). Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank, Goodwin, Ciaitjjer,
Hartison, Hickman, liolmari, Hooper, Uutclmi*. Julian,
Kelicy, Lansing, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low. Meln-
doe, Md'her^on, Marston, Maynard, Moorhead, Anson P.
Morrill, JiKm S. Morrill, Patton,Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
jpoinetoy, Poner, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John Il.Ri^e,
Ridd'e, LMvvanl H Rollins. Saigent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Phellabai^er, Sherman, Stevens. Tumble, Tiowbridtie,
Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Veriee, .Walker, Wallaci,
Wa.-iibume, Wheelei, Albert S White, Wilson, Windum,
and Woieester—79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
ENROLLED HILLS.
Mr GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
jolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution of
the following titles:
An act (S. No. 437) to amend the act entitled
*• An act to amend the act of the 3d March, 1837,
entitled * An act supplementary to the act entitled
♦An act to amend the judicial system of the Uni-
ted Slates: ' " and
joint lesoJution (S.No. 125) supplementary to
the act entitled "An act to pro\ ide for the impris-
onment of persons convicted of crime by the crim-
inal ".mrtof the District of Columbia," approved
Jnnuuiy 1G, 1863; when the Speaker signed the
"same
The question recurred on Mr. Steven's 's motion
to clojje debate on the deficiency Bill, on which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I observe that another gen-
tleman wishes to speak on that bill, and I have
no wish to cut him oft". I therefore withdraw the
motion to close debate, and call for the regular
order of business.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of bill of the House (No, 675)
to raise additional soldiers for the service of the
Government, which was postponed till to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose a substitute for
the bill, which I send to the Clerk's desk, and I
ask that it be printed. I will then move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill till to-
morrow.
The substitute was read, and is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
Of the United States of rfmcrica in Congress ancmldcd, Tlt.it
the President be,-and he N hereby, authorized to enroll,
arm, equip, and receive into the land and naval service of
the United States such number of volunteers of Amcan
descent as he may deem useful to Mippteds the pie^eni re-
bellion, for Mich term of service as he may prescribe, not
exceeding five yeais. The said volunteers'to he organized
aeeoiding to the regulations ot the bianch of scivice in
which they may be enlisted, to leeeive the same rations,
clothing, and equipments as other volunteer, and a month-
ly pay not to exceed that of other volunteers; to be officered
by white or black persons appointed and commissioned by
the President, and to be governed by the rules and articles
of war and such other rules and lobulations as maybe pre-
scribed by the Pi evident * Provided, Tl^the President may
forthwith proceed to iai^.e a%> albtesaut'^lu the hee as well
as in the slave Stale*, not le,«^ than one hundred anil fifty
thousand soldiers of Atuean descent; and shall accept
slaves as well a& fieeiuen; and such slaves us un: received
into the service of the Government, and their families, shall
thenceforth be free; and the (Jnitcd Slates shall make rea-
sonable compensation for such of them as belonged to pei-
sono who had never been disloyal duting this rebellion.
Mr. STEVENS resumed the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move, that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that motion. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 appeal to my colleague
to allow meat this time to offer an amendment to
>iis amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. For that purpose I yield.
Mr. HICKMAN. I offer what I send to the
desk as a substitute for the amendment of my col-
league.
The amendment was read, and is as follows:
That the President be, and is hereby, authorized to imse
as many regiments, not exceeding tlnee hundred, ot Albi-
cans, ot eolmed persons ot the United States, as, hi his dis-
cretion, ho mu> consider ne< ev aiv; to be uniformed m some
maiked oi "-peeia! m.innei, and armed and eijuipoed a^ he
may (ineel; then term of vL.t\ uv to be lor seven y ears, un-
less sooner discharged : the pa\ of the pi ivate soldiers and
muMCian^ to be six dollar- and filty cents per month, one
half of which is to he jetamed till the end of then period
of enlistment; the pa\ ot the non-coinmi-sioned officer to
blithe same hmIkU of like gi.tde^ in the respective corp> of
the regular Army; the commissioned ofliceis of these re£t-
menl^ to ho men of collegiate education, eithei while or
eoloied, and to receive twice the pay and emolument* of
officers of corresponding Krade< m the infantry arm of the
reyiilarservice; the non-connnt-woned otheerstobe either
white or colored, as the conmniiidinsr ofliceis of regiments
may see lit; euuh companv to have one teach'M or chap-
Iain's clerk, mth the pay and allowances ofoidctiy ser-
geant, and the whole to receive the same allowances of
clothing, tations, quaiters, luel. &e., as aie now piovuled
by law tor the othei troop* of the I rnited States
Skc ii. And be it Jurthcr enmted/VUaX a line of semi- ;
monthly steamers, of not lest, than fifteen bundled tons i
burden each, be established bj contuu t or otherwise be- j
tween New York and one or more poits in Libelm, Afnea, !
to touch on the outwaid pa-suge at Noriolk, Viiginia, and i
at Port Roval. South Caiohna, for the pmpose oi'canying j
inaih, paH^cn^ers, atti<-les ol <*ommeiee? and sueh p -r-o?is }
as the vanous colonization societies, of the United States !
may desne to «end; and that foi the pntposo of ^upenn- t
tending the said line of sieamer  and the tnn^umon ot Af- j
rican* fiom the rmted States, tin cm* couimis^ioneix shall !
be appointed, wliose t«inn ol office shall continue during}
good behav lor, with the payor x:f.0U0 a jear each, and j
who,-c duty it shall be to nynd to Liberia such fieed uien i
of the African race as are or may become dependent upon j
the Tinted States lor support; to tuinish them with .suit- j
able agricultuial impb mcnt-, and with clothing, piovi.s- j
ions, and medical attendance for the period of one \ear, i
rendering an annual account of the same to the Societary
of the Navy loi the information ot Congress.
Sec. 0. *tlnd be it further cmuted. That all the sums ac-
cruing to the United' States through the confiscation ot the
property ofperson^ in lebelhon ayaitist the (Jovernmentof
the Culled riute*: b\ the act entitled •• \.n act to suppress i
insurreetn.ii. to punish treason and lehellion. to ^er/.e and |
eontiscate the property of rcb> Is, and for other purposes,:
approved July 17, be. and hereby are. appropriated An ;
the puipo-ioof edueation intne respective 8t;ites wherein j
the emtfi.Nctited pioperty lies, to be paid over to and ex- I
pended by the legitimate authorities  >f those States when [
reestablished in the full and complete cwerci^y of their r«p- ]
propriate powers under the United titates : Provided. That i
the said education bhall teach that liberty is the unida- j
menial piiuciple ot tiio Govemmont of th" U'r>lted Stato«, 1
and sbaU be extended equally^ all persons, witfionn dis-
tinction ol race, sect, or color.
Mr. STEVENS again took the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I claim the floar
The gentleman from Pennsylvania was not on
the floor. He withdrew the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. How does that take him oft
the floor?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Because he ha«
not since been recognized by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. He was recognized by the
Chair, but yielded to his colleague [Mr. Hick-
man] to offer an amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Speaker is
mistaken in reference to the facts. *
The SPEAKER. The gentlemarrfrom Illinois
is not in order unless he rises to a question of
order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do rise to a
point of order. I have no disposition to quarrel
with the Chair; but this is the state of .the case
most clearly, as I think. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved to postpone
the consideration of this bill until to-morrow. His
colleague [Mr. Hickman] then proposed to offer
an amendment to his bill. The Chair then very
explicitly asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania
on my right [Mr. Stevens] if he withdrew the
motion to postpone. lie said he did, and his col-
league was then recognized and offered his amend-
ment. And before the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means was again recognized I ad-
dressed the Chair three or four times.
The SPEAKER. The Chair expressly stated
that the gentleman had withdrawn his motion to
allow his colleague to offer his amendment, but
he held the floor all the time by consent of the
House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I cannot see how
a man can hold the floor when he has no motion
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to accommodate
everybody, I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 28,1863.
Prayer by the Rev. R. McMurdy, D. D., of
Kentucky.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate ^letter of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in obedience to law, the accounts of
ihesuperintendent of Indian affairs for the south-
ern supenntendency of disbursements for the ben-
efit of certain Indian tribes; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate aletterof the Secretaiy of War, informing
the Senate that in his answer to a resolution of
the Senate, transmitting a list of major and brig-
adier generals not assigned to any actual com-
mand, the name of Brigadier General J, H. Ho-
bart Ward is entered on the list through mistake,
and requesting that his name may be erased there-
from; which was ordered to lie on the table
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented a memorial of William
B. Todd ond others, citizens of Washington,
praying an appropriation for the improvement of
Second street west, near Pennsylvania avenue;
which was icferred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr, FOOT presented a letter of B. B, French^
Commissioner of Public Buildings, to the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, recommending an enlargement of the
Congressional Library rooms, and submitting
plans and estimates for the same; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of citizens
of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying the
adoption of measures to prevent a depuxiation of
the currency of the count!y, and recommending
the essential features of the plan proposed to Con-
gress by the Secretary of theTreasury ,as adapted
