1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable, and the question must be put unless
the motion b - withdrawn.
Mr, GRUMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 should like to inquire of
some person who has the means of knowing, how
long it will take to complete this thing?
The PRSESI DING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. POM EROY. If it can be done immedi-
ately I would vote for it. But if it is to take, say
to the end of the war, I cannot vote for it.
The question bein^ tak-*n by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Fool, Harding, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas*, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Powell, Rice, Salisbury, Sherman, Sumner, TenEjck,
Trumbull, Wall, and VVilmot—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Caihle, Dixon, Doolittle, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hicks, Latham, Willey, and Wilson of Mas-
sachusetts—10. .
fc3o the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
MESSAGE FK03I TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to some and
disagreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. 770) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt,"approved July 1,1862,and for other
purposes, and had amended the thirty-first sec-
tion of the bill; that the House insisted upon its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate, asked
a conference on the disagreeing vote.%of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Tiiad-
deus Stevens, of Pennsylvania, Mr. Justin S.
Morrill, of Vermont, and Mr. Samuel Hooper,
of Massachusetts, managers at the same on the
part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 532) to de-
fine the powers and duties of the levy court of the
county of Washington, District of Columbia, in
regard to roads, and for othe* purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 355) for
increasing the revenue by reservation and sale of
town sites on public lands, with an amendment;
in which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 753) for the relief of certain
persons who have performed the duties of assist-
ant surgeons in regiments of cavalry, in which it
requested the concunence of the Senate.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 770) to amend an act
entitled u An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt,"approved July 1,1862, and for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the thirty-first section of the
bill; and,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said Dill, disagreed to by the llou>e of Repiesentattves,
disagree to the amendment of the House to the thirty-fii&t
section of the hill, and agree to the conloronce asked by the
House of Representatives on the disagreeing votes ol the
two Houses theieon.
Ordered, That the committee of confetenee on tin; part
of the Senate be appointed by the Piesident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fessendkn, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Willey, man-
agers on the part of the Senate.
F01U3IUN INTERVENTION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the concurrent res-
olutions reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations on the 28th of February. There will be
no debate on them.
Mr. LATHAM. There will be debate on those
resolutions, I think.
Mr. SUMNER Not on this side.
Mr. LATHAM. There will be on this side,
not thjpt I intend to participate in it. I should like
very much to get a little bill through. It is a bill
that will create no discussion whatever.
Mr. SUMNER. I have been waiting all this
morning, and, indeed, all yesterday, to take up
these resolutions, and now I must insist on the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions, re-
ported by Mr. Sumner, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, on the 28th ultimo:
Whereas it appears from the diplomatic correspondence
submitted to Congress that a proposition, friendly in form,
looking to pacification through foreign mediation, has been
made to the United States, by the Emperor of the French
and promptly declined by the President; and whereas the
idea of mediation or intervention in some shape may be
seg.irdi'd by foreign Governments as practicable, and such
Governments, though this misunderstanding, may be led
to ptoceedings tending to erobauass the friendiv leiations
which now exist between them and the United State*; and
whereas, in order to remove for the lutuie all chance of
misunderstanding on this subject, and to secure for the
United States the full enjoyment of that freedom from for-
eign interference winch is one of the highest rights of in-
dependent States, it Mjem-t fit that Congress should declare
its convictions thereon : Therefore,
Rcsoltod, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That while, in times past, the United States have nought
and accepted the friendly mediation or aihitration of for-
eign Powers for the pacific adjustment of international ques-
tions, where the United States were the paity of the one
part and some other sovereign Powei the paity of the other
pait; and while they are not disposed to misconstiue the
natuial and humane desire of foieign Poweis to aid in ar-
resting domestic troubles, winch, widening m their influ-
ence, have afflicted other countries, especially in view of
the circumstance, deeply regretted by the American peo-
ple, that the blow aimed by the rebellion at the national
life has fallen heavily upon the laboring population of Eu-
rope, yet, notwithstanding these things, Congress cannot
hesitate to regaid eveiy proposition of foreign mterlcrcnce
m the present contest as so lar unreasonable and inadmis-
sible that its only explanation will be found in a misunder-
standing of the true state of the question, and of the real
chaiacter of the war in which the Republic is engaged.
Resolved, That the United States are nowgiapplmg with
an unpiovoked and wicked lebellion, which i« seeking the
de>tiuction of the Republic tlmflfk may build a new Power,
whose corner-stone, according to the confession of its
chiefs, shall be slavery; that for the suppression of this
rebellion, and thus to save tiie Republic and to prevent the
establishment of such a Powei, the national Government
is now employing armies and fii ets in full faith that rhtough
the-e efforts all the puiposes of conspiiator-and rebels will
ho ciushed; that while engaged in tins struggle, on which
so much depends, any pioposition from a foieign Power,
whatever form it may take, having lot its objeci the arrest
of these efforts, is just in pioportion to its influence, an
encouragement to the lebeihon and to its declared preten
sions,and. on tins account, i« calculated to prolong and im-
bitter the conflict, to cause increased cxpeuditute of blood
and treasure, and to postpone the much desit ed day of peace;
that, with these convictions and not doubting that every
such proposition, although made with good intent, is in-
jurious to the national interests, Congiess will he obliged/
to look upon any further attempt in the same duection as
an unfiicndly act, which it earnestly deprecates, to ibeend
that nothing may occur abroad to strengthen the reb"llion
oi to weaken tho^e leiations ol good will with foreign Pow-
eis which the United States are happy to cultivate.
Resolved, That the rebellion from its beginning, and far
back even in the conspiracy which preceded its outbreak,
was encouraged by the hope ofsiipport fioin foreign Powers,
that its chiefs frequently boasted that the people of Europe
were so fat dependent upon regular supplies of the great
southern staple that ^oonei oi laterthen Government&would
he constrained to rake side with the rebellion in some effect-
ive form, evt'U to the extent of forcible intervention, if the
milder form did not prevail; that the rebellion i< now sus-
tained by this hope which evety proposition of foreign in-
terference quickens anew, and that without this life-giving
support it mu-t soon yield to the ju-=t and patei aal author-
ity of the national Government; that, considering these
tluugs, winch are aggravated by the motive of the resist-
ance thus encouiaged, the Unit< d States regiet that for-
eign Powers have not frankly told the chief- ot the rebel-
lion that the work m which they aie engaged i* hateful,
and that a new Government, such as they seek to found,
with slavery as it^> acknowledged corner stone, and with
no othei declared object of separate existence, is so far
shocking to civilization and the moral sense of mankind
that it mu-t not expect welcome or recognition m the com-
monwealth of nations.
Resolved, That the United States, confident in the justice
of their cause, which is the cause also of good government
and of human rights everywhere among men ; anxious for
tbe-peedy le-toration of peace, which -hall secure tranquil-
lity at home and remove ail occasion of complaint abioad ;
and awaiting with well assured tiu-t the final suppression
of the rebellion, through winch all the^e thing-, rescued
from present danger, will be secured forever, and the Re-
public, one and indivisible, triumphant over it* enemies,
will continue to stand an example to mankind, hereby an-
nounce, as their unalterable purpose, that the wai will be
vigoiou-lv prosecuted, according to the humane principles
of Christian States until the rebellion shall be overcome;
and they reverently invoke upon their cau^e the blessings
of Almighty God.
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit a
copy oi the-e resolution", through the Secretary of State,
to the minuter* of the United States in foreign countries,
that the declaration and protest herein set forth may be
communicated by them to the Governments to which tliey
are accredited.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to enter
into any lengthy discussion on these resolutions
I cannot vote for them, and I will giVe owe or two
reasons why 1 cannot do it. The preamble re~ •
cites that a proposition for mediation in a friendly
spirit for the purpose of bringing about pacifica-
tion has been made by the French Emperor and
rejected by the President. I should be delighted
to see any mediation tendered in a friendly spirit,
pacific in its nature, that would settle this tpost
unfortunate civil strife, The mediation proposed
by the Emperor of the French was entirely of %
pacific character. It was for the purpose of brings
tug about peace, healing the strife between th.e
contending States of this Union. I would be
willing to receive any mediation tendered in a
friendly manner, in a manner not offensive, foj*
the purpose of bringing about peace. I would
even, as I have often said, propose peace from
this Chamber. I do not believe, as I have over
and over again stated here, that any good can re-
sult from the war. I do hope that peace maybe
speedily restored. I hope that that peace when
made may result in the reunion of all the States.
I believe peace, mutual concession, and compro-
mise are the only means by which we can reunite
all these States; and hence I am opposed to these
resolutions.
Neither the government of the confederate States
nor this seems to be disposed to present or enter-,
tain any propositions for pence. I think i.ti& a
degree of stubbornness that should not exist. I
think all men in favor of peace should receiy$
such a suggestion kindly, come from what quar-
ter it may, so that it comes in a friendly spirit.
The Emperor of the French would be entitled to
the gratitude and respect of every lover of con-
stitutional liberty if mediation by him should
bring about a restoration of this Union, and a
restoration of theConstitution of our fathers; and
all good and patriotic men, in accordance with
divine precept, would bless the peacemaker.
For these reasons, among others, I cannot vote
for the resolutions. There is a statement in the
resolutions that I do not think is in accordance
with the truth. It is declared that the war should
be vigorously prosecuted according to the humane
principles of Christian States. I do not believe
that is the intention. Wc have authorized the
arming of slaves, semi-barbarians, in this strife/
We have confiscated the property of citizens, in
violation of the Constitution. Our armies have
seized the property of private citizens not .en-
gaged in the war when it was not necessary for
the use of the Army, and in many cases citizens
have been robbed of their property without proper
rebuke from those in authority. I do not believe
the war has been conducted upon the principles
which should govern the warfare of Christian
States.
It is not my purpose to discuss the resolutions
at any length, or to take up the time of the Sen-
ate. Butas i intend to cast my vote against them,
I thought I would very briefly state one or two
reasons why I should do so. I shall call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolutions
at the proper time.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the resolu-
tions speak for themselves; and I content myself
by simply asking for a vote.
Mr. SAULSBCJRY. As notice has been given
that the yeas and nays will be called for on these
resolutions, I shall state, in a simple sentence al-
most, why 1 shall not vote for the resolutions. I
do not intend to express my opinions one way or
the other in reference to the policy or the propri-
ety of the offer of foreign mediation. I am not
here to advocate it. I am not here to denounce
it. But, sir, the resolutions declare that this Gov-
ernment will consider any offer of mediation, of
whatever character, though it may be friendly, as
unfriendly. I do not think theie is any necessity
for advertising the world beforehand that if they
choose to make suggestions to the Executive of
the natjon, the Congress of the United States will
consider that an unfriendly act, because, in fact,
it may not be an unfriendly act, but may be a
very friendly act indeed. We have tendeiedour
mediation, counsel, and advice in some instances,
and it has been tendered to us, perhaps, in some
instances heretofore. Whether that is the case
or not, the tender of mediation may arise from
the most laudable purposes and for the most laud-
able objects on the part of foreign nations.
Mr. President, the management of our foreign
