14&B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
relations is immediately intrusted to the chief j
Executive of the nation. He has not asked, as j
• has sometimes been done by Presidents of the
United States, the advice of the Senate in ref-
erence to this matter. Until he does so, I can see
no propriety in tendering by the Senate their
advice to him; and lean see less propriety in pro-
claiming to all the world that any tender of ad-
vice, any offer of mediation, in any spirit what-
ever, for whatever purpose, will be considered by
us as an unfriendly act. If unfriendly, it may have
manifestations which may call for resentment on
our part; and I am not willing, therefore, to say
in advance that we consider this act as unfriendly.
Neither am I willing by inference to say to for-
eign nations that if such mediation be tendered
we are going to .resent it as an unfriendly act.
1 will state, in conclusion, that if I believed, that
if 1 had reason to believe, that the mediation of
any foreign Power would restore this Union, with
the constitutional rights of the people, would re-
store it with all the institutions as existing at the
time of separation—ay, would restore it with the
institution of slavery in every State in which it
existed, and to the utmost extent in every State
in which it existed—I would hail itas a God-sent
boon, and would be willing to send on every
breeze that wafts over the ocean, notdefiance, not
the declaration that we would regard it as an un-
friendly act, but that we would hail it with joy*,
because if it could be attended with such conse-
quences as these, many a sorrow-stricken heart
would bound with joy; the hope for the preser-
vation of constitutional liberty would revive in
every patriot breast; the present might look for-
ward with delight to the consummation in the
future of all the bright hopes and anticipations in
which our fathers indulged; and this nation, al-
though war may now stride it as with the crush-
ing step of a giant, would again be restored in
loveliness, and everywhere, on mountain-top and
in valley's depths, from ocean to ocean,and from
lakes to gulf, we should once more see a happy,
united, and prosperous people; and instead of
rebuking (he offer of friendly counsel, if it means
the restoration of the integrity of the American
Union, with the constitutional rights of the people
presetved, I would say to every foreign Power,
send on your glad messengers of peace.
Mr. C/ARL1LE. Mr. President, 1 think the
passage of those resolutions may well be regarded
as a question of doubtful propriety, to say the
least of it. I do not intend to detain the Senate
but a moment. 1 only desire to explain the rea-
son for my vote. The correspondence which it
refers to as having been submitted to Congress,
we know contains throughoutagieat many stars;
and much may have occurred in the intercourse
between our Government and other Governments
which it has not been deemed by the Executive
compatible with the public interest to transmit to
us. It is reasonable, therefore, to suppose that
the Congress is not as well advised on this sub-
ject as the State Department. We have intrusted
the management of this subject, so fai, to the very
worthy gentleman who presides over that Depai t-
ment 
May 1 interrupt the Senator
Mi. SUMNER.
just at thai point ?
Mr. OA RULE.
Mr. SUMNER.
Certainly.
The remaik of the Senator
gives me an opportunity to make a statement
which 1 should not otherwise have made, to this
effect: these lesolutions aie the spontaneous re-
sult of the deliberations of the Senate Committee
on Foieign Relations, without tiny hint or sug-
gestion fiom the Secretary of State, or from any
member of the Admimsuation, or without any
communication with any gentleman of the Ad-
minisfralion on the subject; but 1 am able to state
'.hat since the resolutions have been repoi ted, they
have the entire and most cordial approval of the
Secretary of State, who has authorized me to say,
if the occasion should require it, i hat he takes a
special interest in their adoption by Congress.
Mr. CAULILE. Mr. President, I have seen it
stated that these resolutions were the unanimous
action of the committee over which the Senator
from Massachusetts presides; arwl H was because
of that fact that I desired to submit a iem-<rk or
two explanaim y of the vote which I shall deem it
my doty, undor ihe circumstances, at ihis time to
give. ! beheve, if the circumstances of the country
were such as to require the action proposed to be
had on the part of Congtess, the subj< ct is of suf-
ficient importance to have brought to this body, if
not to the other, a communication from the Ex-
ecutive directly; and in thateventl should proba-
bly have given a different vote from what I shall
now give on these resolutions.
But, sir, I am not at all clear that the passage
of these resolutions will not invite that which they
seem to deprecate. 1 have not, up to this time,
had the slightest fear of any foreignfntervention
in our affaiis that would be of an unfriendly char-
acter. We know that both Great Britain and
France are governed by the intelligence in each
country. It is the intelligence of France that gov-
erns that country. It is the intelligence of Great
Britain thatgoverns thatcountrv. Those nations
are governed by their interest; and while it has
been represented to us, from the beginning, that
France has been friendly to a restoration of the
Union; that all the feelings of the Government of
that country and of its emperor have been to main-
tain the Union as it was, and his wish is to see
the States iestored,and enjoying the position they
did prior to the inauguration of this war; it has
been suspected that the other Power to which i
have referred has not been influenced by the same
motive. It is believed, by some at least, that
Great Britain sees that her interests would be pro-
moted by a severance of this country; by a dis-
ruption of the Union; and by its being broken up
into fragments or into separate confederacies or
petty republics or monarchies, whatever the result
might be.
There is but one object that I have, and that
is the object which it is said the Emperor of the
French desires to see accomplished, to wit, the
restoration oftheUnion. I see nothing unfriendly
in that Government or any other saying through
its accredited agents here to us, that, if agreeable
to us at any time, iu^vill interpose us fnendiy
power, not by way onmtervention, not by way of
injuring or defeating the purposes of this Govern-
ment, but by aiding it and bringing about the ob-
ject desired.
Theie are also statements in these resolutions
in which I do nor. entirely concur, and to which I
am unwilling to be committed. There is now no
time to amend these resolutions. We have not
twenty-four hours remaining of the session, and
therefore 1 do not think itworth while to attempt
anything like an amendment; and under the cir-
cumstances I think the safer course will be to vote
against them.
- The resolutions were ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and were read the third time.
Mr. POWELL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolutions.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 5; as follows:
YEAfj—.Messis. Anthony, Arnold, CImiulh'i, t'laik, Coi-
l.iMH'i, l);ivis, l-)txon. iloohitle, t'oss-enrien, Fool, Fo*n>r,
(«iiiiie?, iluuhng, H.ul.tn, H.uiN, IIoutk'iMm, How-
ard, Howe, Kinsr, Lime oi ludi.mu. Morrill, Nonntli, Pom-
eioy, Sumner, Ten Lvck, Tnnnbull. Wade, Willey, YVil-
inoi, and WilfOti of iSlabs-achusetth—31.
NAYri --Mcbsts. Carlile, Latham, ^owell,S!U^lsbul)rJ«^nd•,
W«ill—j.
So the resolutions were passed.
liltANCU MINT IN NEVADA.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 663,
to establish a branch mint of the United States in
the Tenitoiy of Nevada.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from California
allow me to have a resolution called up in order
that I may move a modification to it and then lay
it on the table r
Mr. LATIIAM. I have given way on two or
three occasions,and have lost my place each time.
If it can be generally understood that this bill
is to be continued, 1 have no objection to any dis-
position of the resolution the Senator desires. If
u will have any effect to waive this bill, I shall
not consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
m the chair.) The bill may be laid aside by
unanimous consent, and the resolution indicated
by the Senator fiom Kentucky taken up, if there
be no objection.
Mr. LATHAM. I object. I prefer to go on
with this bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
pioceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 663) to
establish a branch mint of the United States in the
Territory of Nevada. It directs that a branch
mintof the United States be located and established
at Carson City, in the Territory of Nevada, for
the coinage of gold and silver. For carrying on
the business of the branch, the following officers
are to be appointed as soon as the public interest
shall require their service, upon the nomination
of the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, namely: one superintendent,
one assayer, one melteraud refiner, and one coiner;
and the superintendent is to employ as many
clerks, subordinate woikmcn, and laborers, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, as
may be required. The salaries of those officers
are to be ns follows: to the superintendent, the
sum of $2,000; to ihe assayer, the sum of #1,800;
to the melter and refiner, $1,800; to the clerks,
subordinate workmen, and laborers, such wages
and allowances as are customary according to their
respective stations and occupations. The officers
and cleiks to be appointed under this act, before
entering upon the execution of their offices, are to
take an oath or affirmation, before some judge of
thp United States or of the supreme court of the
Territory, faithfully and diligently to perform the
duties of their offices, and are each to become
bound to the United States of America, with one
or more sureties, to the satisfaction of the Director
of the Mint or the secretary of the Territory of
Nevada, and of the Secretary of the Treasury,
with the condition of the faithful performance of
the duties of their offices.
The general direction of the business of this
branch mint is to be under the control and regu-
lation of the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
subject to the approbation of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and for that purpose it is to be the duty
of the Director to prescribe such regulations and
require such returns periodically and occasionally,
and to establish such charges for parting,assay-
ing, refining, and coining, as shall appear to him
to be necessary for the purpose of carrying into
effect the intention of this act in establishing the
branch; also for the purpose of preserving uni-
formity of weight, form, and finish in the coin
stamped at the branch. The branch mint is to be
a place of deposit for such public moneys as the
Secretary of the Treasury may direct. And the
supeuntendent of the branch mint, who is to per-
form the duties of treasurer thereof, is to have the
custody of the same, and also perform the duties
of Assistant Treasurer; and for that purpose ih to
be subject to all the provisions contained in an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better oigam-
zation of the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the public
revenue,"approved August 6, 1846, which relates
to the treasury of the branch mintat New Orleans.
The superintendent of the branch mint is author-
ized, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and on terms to be prescribed by him,
to issue in payment of the grtld dust and bullion
deposited for assay and coinage or bars, drafts, or
certificates of deposit, payable at the Tieasury or
any sub-Treasury of the United States, to any de-
positor electing to receive payment in that form.
All the laws and parts of la«vs now m force for
the regulation of the Mintof the United States, and
for the government of the officers arid persons em-
ployed therein, and for the punishment ol ail of-
fenses connected with the Mint or coinage of the
United States, are declared to be in full foice ui re-
lation to the branch of the Mint by this actestab-
I is hed, as far as the same may beapplieat le iheteto.
The sum of $100,000 is appropriated to carry into
effect the provisions of tins act, and to meet the
expenses of the current year and for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inform the Sen-
ate that this bill came from the House of Repre-
sentatives this morning. It has been lefened to
no committeeof this body,and examined by none.
The subject of a branch mint at Nevada was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance early in the
session. The Secretaiy of the Treawuiy in his
report made a general remark in relation to it,
something like this, I think: that he commended
the subject to the consideration of Congress. He
did not specifically recommend that a mint be es-
tablished m Nevada, but lie commended the sub-
ject to the consideration of Congress.
Now, sir, this bill has passed the House of
llepiesentatives. I do not know what committee
of the House it came from 
