560
THE CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
January 28.
a man of their own, separate and distinct from
any other Department.
Well, sir, what is the consequence? That
pledge was given here over and over again, and
•the Senate yielded to it, and now the head of the
Department of Agriculture comes in and asks that
the appropriations shall be more than doubled,
because he says he is going into scientific and
philosophical experiments, and other things of
that description. If we get a Committee on Ag-
riculture, the Committee on Agriculture will
be in communication particularly with the head
of the Department of Agriculture. We shall have
a department of the Senate to look to that partic-
ular thing, and to increase the dignity of the De-
partment of Agriculture. It will not be content
with the quantity of dignity that it has; and it
can only be increased by additional appropria-
tions. That is just the amount of it. There is
nothing*for the committee to do. How is it?
Why, sir, we make an appropriation of $60,000
for purchasing seeds, and two or three things of
fhat sort, and the Commissioner distributes them.
Now he wants to enlarge, and enlarge, and en-
large; and if you puta committee with him, we
shall find it pretty difficult to resist his demands.
I mean, in the present state of the finances of the
country, to resist all these enlargements in what-
ever direction they may come; and this is only a
mere scheme in my judgment to bring that De-
partment, as they call it, in more peculiar rela-
tions to Congress than it is now. We shall have
him in the Cabinet the next thing. There is no
need of it. It amounts to nothing. There is noth-
ing in the world for the committee to do, and I
hope the Senate will not pass the resolution.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been one of those
who from the commencement of our difficulties,
and since the time when our Treasury was likely
to be embarrassed by great charges, have been in
favor of developing our resources to the best
advantage; and L should think it no wild thing if
in this Government, with its varied interests, we
should even have a Minister of Agriculture. I
waa pleased to see the action of the last session,
organizing; it a an independent department or bu-
reau of the Government. I think it 13 capable of
doing infinite good; and I believe that we should
not now,atatime when wc are charging ourselves
and charging posterity, if you please, with great
debts, fail to undertake those enterpiises that will
secure the wealth that will be needed for the pur-
pose of meeting our demands present and to come.
I find it recorded by high authority that the de-
mands made upon other Governments, enterpris-
ing, bold, energetic Governments, with industri-
ous peoples, have called out the resources and
strength of the people. Such has been the result
of the action ofother Governments in any direction
towards developing wealth. I take the very op-
posite position from the Senator from Maine.
This is not the time to question about anything
that will aid m developing our internal or our ex-
ternal strength, and our internal strength, which
makes our external strength, is m what we can
produce, developing the wealth that is brought
out of the earth, the foundation of the strength of
a country. I am opposed to this thing of cutting
down those means and agents that will ultimately
enable us to meet our necessities because we are
at war. For the very reason that we are at war
we should develop our internal resources. Shall
agriculture be neglected because there is war in
the land? It should for that reason be cultivated.
1 would now, as a matter of sound national policy,
go in for developing our commercial intei ests and
strengthening them, that we may add to our
strength in maintaining this war, and for the pur-
pose hereafter of meeting properly its expenses.
I have had occasion to say before, and 1 repeat it
now, I hold this to be false economy.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if the morning hour
has not expired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no spe-
cial order for to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone this
and all other orders for the purpose/of taking up
some of the bills of the Committee on Finance, as
I gave notice yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
indicate what bill he wishes to take up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to take up the
consular and diplomatic appropriation hill.
Mr. HARLAN. I think we can dispose of
this resolution in two or three minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, you cannot, for I
will talk more than two or three minutes about it.
I am utterly opposed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
postponing the present resolution for the purpose
of taking up the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that. The Senator himself does not know
what bill he wishes to get up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, I do. I have four
in my desk. It is a matter of indifference to me
which I put in first, but I m-ust have some of them
up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My motion is to postpone
this resolution in order to take up the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I have but one remark to
make, which, perhaps, I can make on this motion
without violating the rules of the Senate. The
proposition which I have made for a change in
the standing rules of the Senate does not con-
template any increase in the expenditures from
the Treasury. Perhaps this committee would be
of the opinion of the Senator from Maine, that
these expenditures should be very largely re-
trenched, rather than augmented. It merely pro-
poses to organize an appropriate committee to
which any business may be referred that shall be
hereafter introduced on that subject. That is the
whole of it. We had a standing committee on
this subject until within a very few years. I had
the honor to be a member of the Committee on
Agriculture a few years since, which was at that
time one of the standing committees of this body.
This rule was modified at that time on the motion,
I think, of the Senator from Virginia, not now a
member of this body, but a member of the so-
called rebel senate, or perhaps an embassador
abroad from the so-called rebel government. I
know that a very large majority of the people of
this countiy are 111 favor of giving some degree
of attention to this gieat interest of the country,
and they would feel very much disappointed, I
am sure, if the Senate should follow the intima-
tion thrown out by the Senator from Maine, and
-indicate to the country that, in the opinion of the
Senate, this great interest, which in point of mag-
nitude swallows up all other interests, is not
worthy of a passing notice from this body.
I will simply say in addition to this, thatif this
body was composed of farmers and not of law-
yers, this question would not be debated, and I
beg the Senator from Maine to consider that view
of the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this debate is to go on
upon this question, I might as well nothave made
my motion. I gave notice yesterday that I wanted
to take up some of the appropriation bills; they
are on my hands. I cannot delay them longer.
This question is not certainly so pressing at this
period of the last session of this Congress that it
ought to sink all others.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; ajjkfoilows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Arnold. Clark. Collamer, Cowan, Doo-
httle, Fes-enden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harris, Ilcmler-on,
Knur, Lane of Indiana, Latham, Monill, Rico, Sumner,
Wade, Willey, Wilmot, and WiNon of Massachusetts—21.
NAY^—Mes-s-ry. Browning. Chandler, Davis, Dixon,
fJiune*, Uarduiif, Harlan, Howard. Kennedy, Lane ot' Kan-
sas, MeDougaII,]\~e&uiUh, Ponieioy. Powell", Shetman, Ten
E\ck,Tiuinbul'l. Wall, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Missouri
—•JO.
CONSULAR AXD DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
649) making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
I year ending June 30, 1864.
jj M.r. SUMNER. 1 have an amendment which
i! I am directed by the Committee on Foreign Re-
" lalions to oiler, to come in on the third page of the
bill, between the forty-ninth and fiftieth lines:
For expenses undei the act of Congress '• to carry into
effect the treaty between the United States and her Britan-
nic M.ycMy lur tin; Mijtpre>sion ot the Africau&lave trade,"
packed July 11,183-3, $17,000.
I will mention the details of that appropriation.
They are as follows: for the judge at New York,
$2,500; the arbitrator there, $1,000; judges at
bieria Leone and Cape of Good Hope, $,5,000;
arbitrators at those two places, $4,000. All these
items are according to the statute; and then §4,500
is estimated for clerks'fees and one half of all other
expenses of the courts; making a sum total of
§17,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that that had better come in at the end of the bill.
Otherwise, it would come in between different pro-
visions in regard to consulates.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I thought the
place where I proposed to insert the clause was
as good a place as any. But let it come in at the
end of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one other amendment
I wish to propose. It is on the fourth page, line
eighty-second, to strike out "Port au Prince."
It is an appropriation for a consulate at that place.
That is the capital of the Island of Hayti. By a
provision at the close of the bill we have a com-
missioner and consul general residentatthatplace,
so that a consul there would be like the fifth wheel
to a coach. There is no occasion for the appro-
priation. We may as well save $2,000 a year.
I therefore move to strike out the word " Port
au Prince," m the eighty-second line, and to de-
duct $2,000 from the sum total of the appropria-
tion, $414,000, so that the eighty-seventh line will
read, " $412,000," $2,000 being the salary of a
consul at that place, which I hope we shall save
to the country.
The amendment was agreed'to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to move an amendment
to this bill allowing §1,374 to pay the salary of
the consul at Guayamas for the past year, and also
§1,500 for his salary for the present fiscal year.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if that comes appropri-
ately on this bill; it is a deficiency.
Mr. CHANDLER. It may as well go here as
anywhere else.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know if
there is any law which authorizes the appoint-
ment of a consul at. Guayamas .
Mr. CHANDLER. Yea, sir, there is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why was it not included,
then, in the bill? Has the Senator any explana-
tion to give r
Mr. CHANDLER. The explanation is con-
tained iu the letter of the Secretary of State which
1 hold in my hand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is not reduced to form. The letter will be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Dkpartment of State,
Washington, January 17, 1863.
Sir : 1 have the honor to icquc&t that an appropriation of
$1,357 34, or so much thereof a* i-iiall be fouml necessary,
he made for the compensation ot the consulate at Guay-
amas, Mexico, fioni the 5th 01 August. Jb6l, to the 30th of
June, 1862, and that an appiopi union of fij; 1.500 he made for
that consulate lor the cnuent fiscal year. Guayamas has
become a place of much commeiciai impouance. Being
intimately connected with San Fianci.-co,its business with
thai port 1* constantly meieasing, and it i«s lu hlv ueee&Miry
that the office be filled by a loyal American citizen. The
piesent loyal and very etiielent incumbent finds the fees to-
tall) inadequate foi his support, and unless the appropriation
now asked lot is made, it will be impoi-sible foi him to re-
main in service, nor will it be in the power of the Govern*
nient to make a Mutable appointment in Jus place.
Should the couMiiat«- be placed in schedule B of the act
of 18th August, with'the compensation above men-
tioned, the full amount ot fees received will he paid into
the Tie.isury ot the United State*, and will ^erve in part to
deft ay the salary or the consul, who will then he prohibited
from trading and required to devote -his whole tune to the
consular seivice.
For your further information upon this subject, I inclose
an extiact trom a le.tter referred to this- Department by the
Hon. T. G. Phelps, of the Ilou-^e of Representatives.
I have the honor to be, sir, vonr obedient seivant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Z. Chandler,
Chairman of the Committee on Commerce, U, S. Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is quite evident from
that letter, that although that consulate is provided
for by law, the law as it stands only provides for
it as a consulate at which the fees received shall
be the consul's compensation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator,
then, that in order to test the question and put it
in proper sha.pe, ho should draw up and propose
an additional section providing specifically 'hat
