562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, which i
send to the desk, and which will explain it fully.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, January 5, 1863.
Sir: The project of uniting the navigable waters of the
Mississippi with the Red River of the North by slack-water
and canal navigation i* one of great and increasing interest
to the people of the United State.-*. The great depression of
the earth at Bi? Stone lake and Lac Travel, and the prox-
imity of tlie«e lakes fender the contemplated improvement
comparatively easy, as all must, 1 think, acknowledge, who
will attend to this- subject.
The Minnesota river, in its palace through Big Stone
lake, has an elevation above the level ofthe ■sea of onlv nine
hundred and si\ty-MX teet. Tiom thence to its mouth, by its
eom«e, it traverse* a distance of about four hundred miles,
making an average descent of" iocs than eight inches to the
mile. In good stages of water this river is navigable to the
mouth of the Yellow Medicine river, a distance of two han-
dled and thirty eiehf miles, and m the whole course of this
nver there are no considerable tapids interfeiing Avith its
ea y and uniform flow from Big Stone lake to its mouth.
The gentleness of the current of this riverand the firmness
of it* margin make it easy of permanent improvement to the
extent proposed.
The Red river is still more remarkable. From Lac Trav-
els to Lake Winnipeg, a distance of five hundred and nine-
teen miles, the descent is but one hundred and thirteen
feet, being less than three inches per mile. The only ma-
terial improvement required will be of the Sioux Wood
river, which will he accomplished by its enlargement. It
traverses a distance of about thnty-Bve miles. The Red
river, below the junction of the Sioux Wood river, may
require some improvement, but the expense cannot be
great.
The ample means for accomplishing this great work are
now within the control ot the Government, and, if not de-
voted to this- object, will soon pass bejond it* leneh undei
the homestead and other laws for the seu!em"nt of the
public lands. If a n-a-onable quantitj of the public lands
bordering upon the proposed improvement aie gianted by
Congress to the State of IVimiieMtta, lo aid it in the con-
struction of tin?. vv< ;k, it is but tan to presume that their
enhanced value. be«.au-c of their near locution to the im-
provement, will alien! an ample fund for th.it pin pose.
When this linpioveinent -hall he completed, it u ill have
the eariying trade of ,i population to inhale! ihe Ue.l iiver
valley of Minnesota and iMkom. e«ttmauid to etnhiriee
twenty thousand ,-qtiare miles of pioduenve tei utor,, and
the vast Winnipeg ha«m ol the Bntish possessions. Esti-
mated to contain tour hundred thousand square nub "•
For agricultural put poses, if we mav believe persons
piofessing to have personal knowledge, this vast region is
liardly excelled by the same eueut of teintory upon any
other part of thy globe, th-' :u > iam; <•(ot> of wheat being
forty bushel* pei aeie. winle in t'enn<ylvama it is but fif-
teen bushels per aeie.
In addition to the advantage's above nn ntioned, the in-
habitants of the (Tpper .Miinn--< ta vallev will avail thein-
mMvc* of this improvement lo the extent of theirm-cef-Mtu's,
which, in my judgment, vvili soon be sufficMCntto justify the
cost of the improvement ot the Minnesota to liig Stone
lake.
At your request, I have examined the. bill by you Intro-
duced in the Senate, No. —, and quite agu-e with jou in
the wisdom ofthe legislation sought by the bill.
It cannot be expected that lands, m the general, will
hereafter leadiiy sell lor money. N< verlheless, m the rich
fariniuir valley of the Miunc -ota and R<-<1 i Ivor-1 the public
lands will, in mv ludgment. be moie rapidh nought foi set-
tlement if thev are chanted with the co-t 'of the ptoposed
impiovement- than the;, will be if b a to settlement under
the homestead and preemption laws Tneu ^reat distane;'
tiom maiketwill. 1 ihink. make the dilleience.
It this view Is correct, I s-tigirest whether it Will not be
well that the bill be amended -o mat tin- riant -hall be of
aline of lands contiguous to the piuposed mipiovement,
making provision that settler.- upon the land- urantcd .titer
The date ofthe passage of the act withholding them fiom
settlement shall not enter the lands except tm money, and
nt not }e^ than 2o pei aeie, the money to be devoted to
the improvement.
Vciv re-pecrully, your obedient seivant.
J . P. USHER, dieting Secretory.
Hon. II. M. Rick. United States Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator from Min-
• nesota if this appropriation will not embark us in
future expenditures 02) a large scale: whether this
is not a beginning in a direction which may be
important* but which really may lead to very great
expense.
Mr, RICE. I will state to the honorable Sen-
nfor that it is not contemplated to appropriate any
more money; but, at the next,session of Congress,
if if shall be proved to be practicable, to ask for a
small grant of land to connect those two streams.
We now have boats running on the Minnesota,
river. We have also steamers on the Rf d River
of the North. We have sent Mackinaw boats,
tf itivvuis" some two or three feel of water, from the
ISrlj.inef.ofn river through to the Red River of the
North, without unloading, in high water. There
are two large jykes, The Minnesota heads in one
and (lie Red Rivor of the North, or the mam
branch, <n Hie other. Those two lakes are only-
one mile apart, and in high water boats can pass
from nne river to the other. We now have steamers
on the Red River of the North running through
into J he British possessions, With this improve-
ment we can run vessels through th* R^d Hirer of
the North into Lake Winnipeg, which is much
larger than Lake Erie, through that lake and up
the SasKatchawan river to within one hundred and
fifty miles ofthe Frazer river gold diggings. The
Committee on Public Lands were unable to de-
termine the number of acres necessary for the im-
provement, and they instructed me to offer this
amendment for the purpose of ascertaining simply
what it would cost. We do not expect any money
hereafter
Mr. CLARK. As a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, I will state that tSiis matter came
before that committee in the shape of a petition
for a grant of public lands to make an improve-
ment upon these rivers. Upon an examination of
the map, and learning the geography ofthe coun-
try and us resources, the committee were unani-
mously ofthe opinion that there should be a small
appropriation for the purposes of this survey.
We desired, before making any other appropria-
tion, to have some knowledge of the subject, and
we thought it might not be inappropriate at this
present time to make this small appropriation for
a survey. I presume the Senator from Massachu-
setts would desire the information that we might
get from a survey.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. The matter will be still under the
control of Congress, and we need make no fur-
ther appropriation unless the survey should just-
ify it. I will say to my friend from Minnesota
that I am very happy in saying this good word
for his State. His colleague [Mr. Wilkinson]
has sometimes accused me of being a little hostile
to the people of the West, and thought 1 had
shown alittle sharpness; that 1 had sometimes in-
terfered with some amendment or some bill con-
cerning that State. I say to him now, that I am very
happy to recommend the making of this appro-
priation; and 1 shall be happy to do so hereafter
m anything that I think may be for the good of
the State, and the public good, i hope thu ap-
propriation will be med°.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota to aim nd his amendment by
striking out that part of it which directs this
money to bo expended " under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior." It can be done
by the Secretary of War. This is the Army ap-
propriation bill, and I do not like to have that on
here. It is a matter entirely relating to another
Department, as it now stands. Besides, if these
surveys are to be made, they can be made by our
own officers who receive salaries, and thus avoid
the expense of employing other officers, not now
in our employ.
Mr. RICE. I have not the least objection to
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota so modify his amendment?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir; by striking out " Sec-
retary of tiie Interior" and inserting " Secretary
of War."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th- amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. SUMNER. I wished merely to call atten-
tion to the amendment; and f desire now to ex-
press my thanks to the Senator from Minnesota
for the explanation he has furnished us. I enter
most cordially into his ideas. I am very glad this
improvement is proposed. My simple anxiety
was that the Senate should not embark upon a
great expenditure without knowing it, without
their eyes being open to it. The Senator lias made
an explanation winch is entirely satisfactory, and
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert, after the word " dollars," in the two hun-
dred and twenty-eighth line, the following amend-
ment:
Tor the purchase In the Seer t.ny of War of such quan-
tum of land and watei ptivile^e on and neat the tide-water
ot ,\V\v Yoik haibor as mav b<; suitable loi an arsenal
adapted !o the rniisii action ot oidnanee and Oidmnue
stores, foi a depot foi Ihe >toia«*e and picseivation theieof.
ami for the proofand ex penmen tal tiring of heavy nidnanee,
and also to <„*r<v*ton said land such buildings, w harv« s, ma-
chinery, and othei appliances, as may he suitable and neees -
sary for these puipoacs, ftiBti.GOO.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
where that amendment comes fiom. Do the
Committee on Military Affairs recommend that
it be put on this billr
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts They re-
ported it unanimously, and agreed to put it on
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not be put on this bill. That is a matterthat
requires a good deal of discussion and examina-
tion. 1 know it has been repotted upon favorably;
but I object entirely to putting a proposition of
that kind, involving so large an expenditure, on
an appropriation bill. The practice of legislating
on these very large schemes on the appropriation
bills has been found to be very dangerous, and I
hope the Senate will not give any countenance to
it whatever. This proposition is one about which
a great deal may be said. It will necessarily cre-
ate a great deal of discussion, or it ought to do so,
for it should be thoroughly considered before be-
ing adopted. It may involve us in difficulty with
the House of Representatives with regard to the
Army appropriation bill, which should not be
embarrassed by any question of the kind which
will necessarily give rise to a great deal of discus-
sion. Without expressing, or being called on to
express, my opinion with regard to the measure
itself, 1 sincerely hope it will not be urged upon
this bill. I hope the Senator will withdraw U, and
not put it on here. It is a matter that must ne-
cessarily require agreatdealof examination, both
by the Senate and the House of Representatives.
This Army bill is one that it is very necessary wo
should pass. We cannot hazard it by anything
of this description. If thispioposition is pressed
here it will necessarily consume a great deal of
time, and if, by any misfortune, it should get on
the bill, it would introduce the same difficulty into
the House of Representatives with reference to it.
The Committee on Finance have been very care-
ful, with reference to these bills, to keep general
legislation, or legislation on other subjects, off
them, m order thatthey may not be embarrassed.
I icaily hope the Senator will withdraw the amend-
ment from this bill. I must object to it strenu-
ously.
Mr. KING. I do not think there is any sound
objection to this amendment being placed on this
bill, ltjslegitimately connected with the bill. I
will ask leave of the Senate to read the letter of
the Secietary of War on the subject. In a spe-
cial communication, dated December 8, 1665, ad-
dressed to the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, the Secretary says:
'•'Sin.: In my annual repoit, dated -2d instant.! called
special attention to the necessity of piovuling additional
means for the «tota<ie and pie^ervation of ordnance sup-
pliers recommended m the leport ol the eluef of ordnance.
I have since leeeived a sp< eial iepoit on this subject l>v the
chu f of ordnance, eoi toboiated by one from the chief en-
gineer, which f submit heiewith to your committee, and to
which I lequest their attention. Alter caieful considera-
tion of tiie subject, as presented m the.se repoit*, I am con-
vinced that the mea-uics proposed, a^ therein specified and
explained, aie ot gieat nnpoitance to the militarv seivice,
and are demanded by the pui>lie interest, and that the pio-
posed mode of effeeunsj them is mis-uined bv sihmi  and
sound aisnments. I3e<ide«. their impoitanee in a mihtaiy
point of view, it is believed thatthey will subserve t he cud of
i tnie eeonoim, by savin™ in the cost <>{ m.muMctui e, pies-
: eivation,and tian?port<ition oi oidnanoe supplies a greater
' sum than will be leqmred to procure the spounds and es-
I tablishthe ai-opal, depot. Sec., a^ proposed.
; •' The want ot such means as it is now designed to pro-
: vide ba^ been seriously felt, paiticulariy of late, and has
I caused both delay and expense, which they, if at hand,
i would have prevented ; and the evils, as shown bv past ex
! perieneu, to result from siseh want will be mcicated m the
i future if it bo permitted to continue.
| •* ft ft, theretoie. urcmtly recommended that the requi-
i site legislation m;u he had to enable this Department to
| commcnet piomptly tin- execution ot the neeej-'-aty nieas-
i ures to piovide fhem.*5
i Then followsadetailed reportfrom the ordnance
j department, setting forth the necessity of this prop-
! osition, with the estimates of the expenditures
i that will be necessary, which amount to the sum
i named in the amendment. The Committee on
! Military Affairs, al an early day, reported a bill
' on this subject; but the difficulty m obtaining ac-
i tion in the Senate on separate bills has induced
; the committee to oiler the proposition as an amend-
ment to this bill; and the question upon the pio-
; pricfy of the proposition can be just as well de-
cided here as anywhere else. All I i\>.k is that,
the Senate, in acting on the matter, will not per-
; mit itself to be influenced by the question upon
what lull it is to be acted on. The Committee
on Military Affairs "were unanimous in recom-
| mending it. The War Department recommend
i it as essentially requisite both for the use of our
| Army and as a matter of economy. We have
' been accustomed hitherto to make these supplies
