1500
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mareh 3,
TOOiFniog to get up a bill of considerable import-
ance, .said 1 hope the Senator from Kansas will
give way and allow me to take it up.
Mr. POMEROY. I want this bill dis.po.sed of.
I introduced a memorial from the city of Wash-
ington which gave vise to this bill at the sugges-
tion of the Mayor of the city,#ncl I told Him 1
would use my influence to get the bill up. I want
to have it disposed of. I have been waiting for
two or three weeeks to get it up.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It seems to
me the Senate will hardly consent to take up so
important a bill as that is at the present time.
The bill came from the Committee on Military
Affairs, but was not the report of that committee.
They did not indorse it, but gave their permis-
sion to bruise it before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be entirely satisfied
\yith a vote of the Senate on the motion to take
1 T?he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves to postpone all prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to consider the bill (S.
$0. 495) to facilitate the transportation of troops,
stores, and mails of the United States between the
city of Washington, the Point of Rocksj and the
city of Pittsburg, and between Washington and
the waters of the Chesapeake.
The motion was not agreed to.
DISPERSION OF A CONVENTION IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offered the other ilay for the appointment
of a committee to investigate the conduct of Colo-
nel Gilbert in dispersing a political convention in
Kentucky. 1 hope the Senate will indulge me in
making a statement not exceeding three minutes.
It is not my purpose to debate the resolution; but
I wish to state a matter to the Senate which 1 think
it necessary for the Senate to have before them,
in order that they may cast their votes under-
standingly upon the resolution', and I Wish to
make that statement before the motion ts put on
taking; it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to consider the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to in-
ve-aigAU! the conductor Colonel Gilbert, who, in command
ol'a resriment ot United State?-  uldici-i, di?>persed a Demo-
cratic convention ot' peaceable citizens of the Slate of Ken-
tucky, assembled at tin- capital or ih.it Slate, on the Itfthof
February. IHtW. fin the purpose of nominating candidates tor
Governor and Lieu tenant Governor and other State otltcers.
That Mid coninnu.ee mvesu^ue nil the tacts connected
With the aforc-aid action o>' < 'otom'l Cilbeit ami the officers
and soldier?, under his command ; and Mud committee are
hereby anthouxed to cend foi persons and paper*-, to ex-
amine vvuiiti.-M'f, it ud I hat the v be am hoi ized to administer
oath*, to witnesses; ami that  .aid committee he authorized
to hold m'-mou-. in the State oi Kentucky oi eUewheie, and :
to employ a r>poiter to take down testimony; and that they'!
rcpoi i, &e
Mr. POWELL. I offered this resolution before ;
I had all the facts tit relation to the matter. 1
have waiter! unit! now, anil I have the tacts as
they are given by the membeis of the convention,
in a menional to the Legislature. I will read one
extract from it, and two or three short resolutions,
not exceeding a quarter of a column in this paper.
I have here the memorial, signed by the officers
of the convention, to tiie Legislature1, giving a
statement of the occurrence, in which they say:
"At ibe conclusion of ihc>e remaik*, A. B. Chambers,
Esq .the icpicbenlative from Gallatin count v. pren'iited to
Colonel Gillicit the revolutions appended h<-ieto, which had
keen adopted at a piimaty meeting of the convention, a-
th'' resolutions which would be iepoi t> d to this convention,
and which, in the opinion ol -.aid piimary meeting and the
eommittee oil resolutions, embodied the views of tins con-
vention, and requested that they be read, in order that the
objecis and view? ot the convention might be understood.
Tint; propo-uuou was declined hv Colonel Gilbert, who re-
uiaiked that the convention must not be iioldeu."
I will now read the resolutions which the pri-
mary meeting had agreed upon, and which, it is
said, were to have been adopted by the conven-
tion. They are very brief:
<c 1. Resolved, That the political principles arid views set
foith and pioiuufiMted by the Demnciaiie national conven-
tions, ami patuculariy that held at Cincinnati on the 2d of
June. lb,">6. tn the form of resolutions adopted and pub
iished to the American people a.* «;onuinim  the political
taith and creed ot the national Democracy, are apptoved
by this Democratic Stat-' convention, reasserted, and again
adopted.
"O Resolvd, As the loadtnq idea in the national Dem-
ociatie taith, we again as^eit 'that the Federal Govern-
ment is one of ihmt>'<i power, derived solely fiom the Con-
stitution j and the grants of power made thereiu ought to
be strictly construed by all the departments and agents of
the Government; and that, it is inexpedient and dangerous
to exercise doubtful constitutional powers.'
" 3. jReso£iert,That this convention,representing the Dem-
ocratic party of Kentucky, solemnly declare that they stand
opposed to the continuance and further prosecution of the
civil war now existing, for the reasons and upon the grounds
set forth in the preamble and resolutions presented by
Messrs. Grover and Bush in the Senate and House of the
Kentucky Legislature, on the 19Ui of January, 1803, which
preamble and resolutions were unanimously approved by a
meeting of the Democratic members of the Kentucky Le-
gislature, and other citizens, of the Democratic party, con-
vened at the Senate Chamber in Frankfort, on the 29th and
30th of Januaiy, 1863, and are hereby approved and adopted
by this convention.
""4. Resolved, Thatthe union ofrhe Statescauuotbe main-
tained and perpetuated unless theircon«titntions and laws,
notineonsistent with the Constitution of the United States,
their rights and interests thereby intended to be secured,
and their reserved poweis,are respected and held inviolate
by the General Government, and unless that Government
shall refrain from the assumption and exercise of ungianted
powers.
" 5. vResolve«i?That we will cooperate with such of the ad-
heiing States as shall coneui 111 opposing the continuance
of the existing war, and in the adoption of such pacific
measures as m<iy be best calculated to promote a lasting
peace in the countiy, and a peimanent union of all the
States.
"6. Resolved, That we hail with feelings of the liveliest
satisfaction the recent victories ot our Democratic brethren
of the western and northwestern States, in defense of the
i Constitution as it is, and tht Union as it was,' and we
congratulate the fi iends of constitutional libei ty everywhere
upon these signal tuumphs of the true principles of repub-
lican Government."
Mr. President, those wore the resolutions which
wore adopted by the preliminary meeting held the
night before this convention met, as expressing
the political wows of those assembled, and they
were handed to this Colonel Gilbert. He declined
tn read them, and dispeised the convention. 1
shall not debate the subject further. I hope the
Senate will consent to take up the resolution, i
do not propose to debate it after it is taken up.
All I desire is to have the action of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume the Senator
from Kentucky has not the'slightest idea that the
Senate at this time is going into a consideration of
that tesolution; and therefore I move to lay it on
the table.
Mr POWELL. I hope the Senator will allow j
the resolution to come up, and then he can make
any disposition he pleases of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will make the
motion to lay it on the table, after it is taken up.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the motion to take up the resolution, and de-
clared flint the noes appeared to have it,
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yens hihI nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL, f trust the Senate will take
up the resolution. It is not my purpose to say a
word upon it. I merely wish to have it taken up
and voted upon directly.
The question being token by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Cat 11! p. Cowan, Drivis, Lane of Kansas,
i Latham, Nesnuth, Powell, SauMmij, Wall, and Wilson
j of Mh-ouii - l<>.
i NAVS—Mews. Amhonv, Arnold, Clark, Collamer,
! Dixon, ressenden, Toot, foster,Grimes, Hauling, Harlan,
; Harris, Henderson. Hicks, Howe, Mori ill, Pomeroy, rium-
| ncr, Ten FiVck, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, Wilmot, ami
I Wilson of Massachusetts—25
; So the Senate refused to take up the resolution.
S PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS.
1 Mr. HARRIS. 1 move that the Senate proceed
1 to the consideration of Senate bill (No. 200) to
j establish provisional go vei nmentsin certain cases.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask the Senator from New
York for about ten minutes, to let me dispose of
some private matters which will otherwise be en-
tirely overslaughed.
Mr. HARRIS. After this bill is taken up I
will do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take up Senate bill (No. 200) to
establish provisional governments in certain eases,
j Mr. CARL1LE. I ask for the yeas and nays
i on taking up that bill. 1 cannot imagine that it
I is the purpose of the Senate at this hour to take
i up a bill of so much importance as that, involving
; such grave questions.
; The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
| taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows;
1 YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Clark, Collamer, Cow-
i an, Dixon, Fe,s enden. Fuot, liaidmg, Hailan, Hauls,
Howe, King, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Rice, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull.
Wade, Wilknieon, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mas&aehu
sett -——26«
NAYS—Messrs.Carlitc, Davis, Foster, Henderson, llick*
Powell, Saulsbuiy, Turpie, Willey, and Wilson of Mis
souri—10.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. Before the bill is proceeded with,
by the consent of the Senator from New York,
I will ask the Senate to give me, perhaps, ten
minutes to dispose of sundry private matters that
may otherwise be passed over entirely. It may
be done informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside by the unanimous consent of the
Senate in order that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire may make certain motions and requests
which he asks leave to make. The Chair hears
no objection,
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG-
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 151) to confirm the adver«c de-
cision of tiie Court of Claims in the case nf the
brig General Armstrong, in order to dispose of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,and
R. R. WARD AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate, nS'in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 152) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Coui t of Claims in the
case of 11. R. Ward and others, assignees of Jacob
Barker.
The joint tesolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, icad the third time, and
MRS. J0I1N C. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Senate resolution
for the relief of Mrs. John C. Fiizpatrtck reported
from the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
There being no objection, the following resolu-
tion was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole:
Resolved, That there be pitid to the widow of John C.
Frtzpamek, out of the contingent lund of the Senate, the
sum ot $jCK) in full compensation for the services ot said
Fit/.patnek in attending to the making ot contracts foi and
placing fuimtme in the committee zooms of the noith wing
ot the Capitol, under the ievolution of the Senate passed
Mai cli 30, I860.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DARIUS S. COLE.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 571, for the relief of Darius S. Cole, being
a report of the Court of Claims.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to pay to Darius S. Cole the sum of $2,224,
in full for materials furnished to the United States
for the construction of the pier in Little Sodus
bay, Lake Ontario.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
of the .Senator from New York to take up a bill,
which, I think, will consume no time, and to which
I hope there will be no opposition. It is a bill to
incorporate the National Academy of Sciences.
It will take but a moment, I think, and I should
like to have it passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to
lay aside the business properly before the Senate,
and to take up the bill indicated by him.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill
j (S. No. 555) to incorporate the National Academy
of Sciences.
