1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
De read.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that it is unnecessary to read the first section of
the bill, which merely contains a list of the names
of the corporators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of
the first section, being the names of the corpora-
tors, will be omitted, unless called for by some
Senator; and the second and third sections, being
the legislative matter of the bill, will be read.
The Secretaiy rend them, as follows:
Sue. 2. Jfnd beit fwthcr cnacted, That the National Acad-
emy of Sciences shall consist nf not more than fifty ordi
nary members, and the s>aid corporation herebv constituted
shall have power to make it? own organization, including
its constitution, by-laws, and rules arid regulations; to till
all vacancies cioated by death, resignation, or otherwise;
to ptovide for the election of foreign and domestic mem-
bers, the division into clas&es, and all other matters need-
ful or usual in such institution, and to report the same to
Congress.
Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the National Acad-
emy of Sciences shall hold an annual meeting at such place
in the United State^as mav be designated, and the academy
shall, whenever called upon by any department of the Gov-
ernment, investigate, examine, experiment,and repoj t upon
any subject of science or art, the actual expense of such in-
vestigations, examinations, experiment5:,and reports, to be
paid from appropriation* which may be made lor the pur-
pose, but the academy shall receive no compensation what-
ever for any services to the Government of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DAY OF PRAYER AND HUMILIATION.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the resolution introduced
by me yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That devoutly recognizing the supreme author-
ity and jii-t government of Almighty God in all the affairs of
men and of nations, and sincerely believing that no people,
however great in nmnbeis and i esources, or however strong
in the justice of their cause, can pio&pei without His favor,
and at the same time deploring the national offenses which
have provoked IIis .righteous judgment, yet encouraged in
lhi> day of trouble bj* the assiuances of FIi< word to seek
Him for succor accoiding to HU appointed way, thiough
Je*us Chiist, the Senate of the United States do hereby re-
quest the President of the United States, by Ins proclama-
tion, to designate and set apart a day foi national piayor
and humiliation, requesting all the people of the land to
suspend their secular pursuits and unite in keeping the day
in solemn communion with the Lord of Elostb, supplicating
Him to enlighten the counsels and dnect the policy of the
rulers of the nation, and to suppoit all our soldiers, sailors,
and marine^, tile whole people in the firm discharge of
duty, until the existing rebellion shall be overthrown and
the blessings of peace lestored to our bleeding country.
The resolution was adopted.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask leave to with-
draw the papers of flackbush, Hann, and oth-
ers, of Leavenworth, Kansas, fiom the Court of
Claims, for the purpose of having them laid be-
fore the Secretary of the Interior. They were
referred to the court by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas asks permission to withdraw the
papers named by htm, which have been by the
Senate referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How can they be with-
drawn if they are out of the possession of the Sen-
ate? They will have to be recalled from the court,
I imagine.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is what I wish
10The PRESIDING OFFICER. To put the
motion in form, it should he that the Senate send
a message to the Court ot Claims requesting them
to be returned to the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to get it in
shape. The papers were referred by the Senate
to the Court of Claims; and I desire to get them
back here, so that I may withdraw them.
Mr. ANTLiONY. Have the Court of Claims
taken any action on the ease?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose not.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is important to know
that. We do not want to withdiaw the papers in
a case which is under consideration in the court,
i will suggest that the Senator inform himself of
that fact.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will suggest that these
parties can go to the Court of Claims, and get
copies of their papers. It may be important that
those papers should stay where they are.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas require hts motion to be put to
the Senate ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir; I will with-
draw it.
COMMANDANT AT MARK ISLAND.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 145. It is very short, and* will take but a
moment to consider it. It has been reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] who has examined it.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) fixing the pay of
the commandant of the navy-yard at Mare Island,
California. It directs that the pay of the officer
of the Navy assigned to the command of the navy-
yard at Mare island, California, shall be the sea
pay of his grade.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PROCESS OF DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary* to whom was referred
the bill (EI. R. No. 678) to enable the district
courts of the United States to issue executions
and other final process in certain cases, to report
it back without amendment and recommend its
passage; and I ask the Senate to considerit at the
present time.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole pioceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that in all cases wherein the
district courts of the United Slates within and for
the several districts of Texas, Florida, Wiscon-
sin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kansas had rendered
final judgments or decrees prior to tl f  passage of
the act to amend the act of March 3, 1837, entitled
"An act supplementary to the act entitled 'An
act to amend the judicial system of the United
States,'" approved July 15, 1862, which cases
might have been brought, and could have been ori-
ginally cognizable in a circuit court, the district
courts shall have power to issue writs of execu-
tion or other final process, or to use such other
powers and proceedings as may be in accordance
with law, to enforce the judgments and deciees
aforesaid, anything in the act of July 15,1862, to
the contrary notwithstanding.
The bill was irported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thiid time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to call up a resolu-
tion introduced by me meiely with the view of
offering an amendment to it, and then moving to
lay it on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky asks unanimous consent that the
business regularly before th* Senate be laid aside,
for the purpose of taking up the resolution indi-
cated by him. Is there any objection ?
Mr. HARRIS. Is it understood that I do not
lose the preference for Senate bill No. 200?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
bill is laid aside, but is in oider when any Sena-
ator objects to the consideration of any other
matter.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to these
small bills bein«; disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky is before the
Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
, proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. No.
10G) proposing an amendment to the Constitution
| of the United States, to alter the mode of electing
| the President and Vice President.
■ Mr. DAVIS. I dimply desire to move an
! amendment to the resolution, and then have it
i printed. I move to amend the resolution, so as
! to read as follows:
Rcsoh-cd, #c., (two thirds of both Houses concurring.)
That the following amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, to Mip< rsrde the twehth amendment ot said
Constitution, be proposed to the Legislatures of the several
States: <
The President and the Vice President of the United State*
shall be elected in the lollovvmy manner- each State may,
within thirty days next belore the time appointed tortile
election of Piesidcnt, m any mod-- adopted by the State,nom
mate to Congress one candidate ; and on the first Monday
of February next before the expiratjoh «f each presidential
term, the two Houses of Congress shall Meet together as^a
convention jn the Hall of the House of Representatives, and
all the candidates nominated by the States within the preced-
ing thirty day*, not exceeding one from eaclf State, whose
nomination shall have been authenticated to Congress, shall
be before said convention as candidates for the Presidency;
and thereupon said convention shall proceed, under "life
supervision of the Presiding Officers ot the two Houses,
vote by opeii ballot from among ail said candidates I'Or Pres-
ident,"and when any one shall have received a number df
votes equal to all the members, elected and appointed, of
boih Houses of Congress, he shall be declared by the Pres-
ident of the Senate to be elected President of the United
States. In ail cases where the balloting shall have con-
tinued in this mode through five days, and no election sbali
Jiavc been effected, on the sixth day it shall be resumed,
and alter each ballot the officers presiding s>hall drop the
candidate who has received the smallest number of votes,
or two or more candidates who have received an equal
number of votes, and less than all the others; and the bal-
loting shall be so continued among the remaining candi-
dates until one shall receive the majority aforesaid; and
thereupon the President of the Senate shall announce him
to be elected President of the United States. The conven-
tion shall then proceed in the same manner from the re-
maining candidates to elect a Vice President of the United
States. Whenever it may occur in the voting for President
or Vice President that all the candidates but two have been
dropped, the balloting between them may, if necessary to
make an ejection, continue two days longei j and if then
no candidate shall have received the required number of
votes, the officer presiding over the convention shall re-
port the sta*e ot fact to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and it shall thereupon pronounce which of the two
candidates shall fill the office. And no Senator or Repre-
sentative who shall have woted for the candidate that may
be elected President, or for the candidate for the Vice Pres-
idency who may have been elected to that office, and upon
whom the Presidency may have devolved, shall be nom-
inated or appointed to any office by the incumbent of the
Presidency for whom he may have voted.
Sec 2 Jlnd be it further resolved, That the President
alone shall have power to remove from office the principal
officer of each Executive Department, and all embassadors
and other diplomatic agents; and may for good ami suffi-
cient cause remove all executive and ministerial officers;
bui as to all those officers in whose nomination the advice
and consent of the Senate is requisite, the amotion from
office shall continue only until the end of the next session
of the Senate, unless it shall have appioved of such re-
moval. The President shall, at the commencement of each
se«oion of Congress, communicate to eaeli flou^e the names
of all persons he may have removed from office, with the
grounds therefor.
I now move that the resolution and amendment
be laid on the table and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to print will be entered, no objection being made,
and the resolution will be laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the following
bills, asked to be discharged from their further
consideiation; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 460) to aid West Virginia in
securing the speedy and final abolishment of sla-
very therein.
A bill (S. No. 538) to guaranty in certain States
a republican form of government.
A bill (S. No. 569) to secure the right of trial
by jury in cases of land claims in California*.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 115) authorizing the Secretary of
tlie Navy to release certain penalties, to report it
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
4n connection with it { desire to offer—not from
the committee—an amendment as a substitute for
the bill*, which I ask to have laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be laid
on the table.
Mr. TRUiMBULL. A few days ago theie was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary a bill
(S. No. 572) to regulate the tenancy of real estate
between landlord and tenant. Atthis stage of the
session no action could be had upon it. I am
therefore directed to report it back to the Senate,
and move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TKJJMBULL. The same committee, to
whom were referred the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kentuc'ky in favor of the passage of an
act directing the payment of tolls to the State on
fher back-water navigation, and also the resolu-
tions of the constitutional convention ot West
Virginia in favor of an appropriation to aid said
State m emancipating her slaves, have directed
me to report them to the Senate, and ask to be
discharged from their further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF A COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the reso-
lution I offered on the 17th of July last, relating
