1863,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
as they have been wanted. As regards the loca-
tion, there is no reason for discussion an any such
question as that. The most suitable and conven-
ient place for it, affording the best means of sup-
plying this ordnance and of preserving the stores,
should be had. The amendment also provides
for the purchase of ground on which they may
try ordnance of long range by buying some land
in the New Jersey marshes, and they have selected
this site in New Jersey as the most suitable. The
proposition seems to me to be one which should
commend itself upon its merits to the favor of the
Senate. .
Mr. SHERMAN, i think the theory of an
appropiiation bill ought to be pretty well under-
stood by the Senate. By the rules of the House
of Representatives, the House must originate an
appropriation bill; or at least that is the univer-
sal custom; and by their rules they aie excluded
from putting on the biil anything that is not pro-
vided for by a previously existing law. ^ That is ;
the theory of an appropriation bill. For instance,
all salaries are provided for by an appropriation
bill. By the rules of the House, which are founded ;
in common sense, every amendment whatever that
adds a new item of expenditure not pointed out by j
a previously existing law is excluded. When the
bill comes to the Senate, the Senate has the power
to add anything it chooses, in the form of an
amendment. The rules of the Senate so far re-
strain the power of the Senate as to require at least
the sanction of a committee; but the real uile, the \
rule that ought always to govern the Senate, in my
opinion, is, that no amendment should be added :
to an appropriation bill unless in pursuance of a '
previously existing Jaw. If any other rule is
adopted or practiced upon,eithei House may com-
pel the defeat of the entne appiopnation bill, in
order to get ml of an obnoxious amendment. I
Take, for instance, this amendment, one that will j
create discussion for days, providing for a new 1
project, a land speculation, involving a great va- '
riety of considei ations. Suppose this is attached
in the form of an amendment to the bill by which
alone the Army can be maintained in the field; it
is sent to the House of Ilepiesentatives; it there
creates a prolonged discussion: and peihaps the
discussion and quau«'l between the two Houses
may lead to the defeat of this bill. For this rea-
son I never will, in aiiy ease, vote for any amend-
ment to an appiopnation hill unless it is to cany
ou! a previously existing law; and that is the only
safe and true rule. 1 believe that is the meaning
and the spirit of the rule adopted in the Senate.
As a matter of course I shall not now go into
the discussion of the question as regards the es-
tablishment of this arsenal. We know very well,
in the first place, that then; is a dispute as to the
site; theie are local disputes and local rival) be-
tween the East find the West, between Pennsyl-
vania and New Yoik. The question of location
must be determined, upon which we must consider
a great variety (if questions. Then t here is a ques-
tion as to the amount involved in the appropria-
tion. Now, are we to postpone the ord inary appro-
priations for the support of the Army; are we to
withhold appiopiiations for the soldiers who are
now fighting our battles, for all the officers of the
Army,"and foi all the ordinary operations of the j
Government—are we to postpone all these things j
in oider to inquire whether we shall establish a (
new arsenal m the city of New York, or some- m
where else > It seems to me it is a very dangerous ||
foi m of legislation. If the Senate conclude to cuter -j
into tins discussion, it will he necessary to have (
long reports read. 1 trust that the Senate will, at j
the°outaet, by some decisive vote, manliest its de- ,j
teimination to exclude evet ything from these ap- \
propriation bills unless it is an appropriation to ■;
etui y some law into effect. That is the meaning 1
of an appropiiation bill, and the only purpose foi ,j
which an amendment should be introduced. !i
The Committee on Mditary Affairs are aware j,
of this rule, because they have introduced, and
have upon our files, a bill for this specific pur- ^
pose, to regulate the mode and manner of buying 1;
tins property, and the amount to be appropriated
That bill should first be passed,arid then the Com- j
mittec on Finance could act ou the matter. j.
Such amendments as tins create strife^and ri-
valry between committees of this body. Iheap-
prupi union ..U..O "k- . .v.- — — -  
Finance, and they have charge of them. Abe ;
of that committee is responsible ih it s
bills are referred to the Committee on
chairman of that committee' is
pons
they are properly brought before the Senate, and
consideredin due season,so that the amendments
of the Senate may be acted upon by the House
of Representatives. If, however, the committees
of the Senate, to whom important matters are re-
ferred, are able to attach all their favorite meas-
ures, all their favorite appropriations, all their
proposed new laws, to these financial bills neces-
sary to carry on the operations of the Govern-
ment, you create constant rivalry, jealousy, and
dispute between committees. Here is a proposi-
tion introduced by the Committee on Military
Affairs, involving a new subject to be ingraftid
upon a bill reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance, in strict accordance with the lules of the
Senate. As a matter of course, you will have a
dispute and controversy between the Committee
on Finance and the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. The only proper way is to keep the busi-
ness of these two committees separate and apart.
That is the theory of the rules of the Senate, and
the adoption of any other practice would create
"confusion worse confounded." There is not a
member of the Senate but is ready and willing at
any time to yield to the Committee on Military
Affairs to bring forward its bills. Since I have
been a member of the Senate, I believe I have
never heard the Senator from Massachusetts de-
nied the floor when he desired to introduce a bill
affecting the military service; it has always been
taken up and considered. Theie is no difficulty
in the Senator from New Yoik calling up, at the
proper time, the bill on this subject, and, if it is
sufficiently important, other hills will be laid aside,
and it will be considered as a proper measure, and
then we can act upon it without endangei mg any
oth>er. But 1 again repeat, if these amendments
are offered to general appropriation bills, it. will
create confusion, and compel us to enter into the
discussion of matters that ought not to be consid-
ered in connection with the appropriation bills.
Mr. KING. This is a matter specially belong-
ing to an appropriation hill. It is simply an ap-
propriation for these objects which has been iee-
ommended by the Depru iment. By the rules of the
Senate the question of whether it should be con-
sidered in connection with this bill or not is to be
detci mined upon a point of order. If it is in or-
der, then this is the time when it should be con-
sidered upon its merits. Theie is no more reason
whv the Senate should lefnse to consider a piop-
osinon making appiopnations necessary for the
purpose of supplying tlvo Government with ord-
nance and for the pieseivation and repair of ord-
nance, than that they should lefnse to consider
anv other question connected with or relating to
supplies for the A rmy. This matter ha* b< en fully
and thoroughly considered by the Department.
It is asked for by them. It js entirely legitimate
and in parliamentary order, when a proposition
has been estimated for by the bead of a Depart-
ment, or when it is recommended by a committee
of the Senate, to offer it as an amendment to an
appropriation bill, and have it voted upon on its
merits. This amendment has both these rights
to be considered by the Senate It has been esti-
mated for and reeomtneetb-d by the head ot the
Wiir Departrm nt, and it has been unanimously
approved by the Commutee on Mibtaty Affairs.
The committee, considering the condition of the
Senate and the pressuie of its bu-siness, have
deemed it the wisest and best mode to obtain the
decision of the Senate on this measme, to offer it
as an amendment to this bill; and 1 hope Senators
will pass upon it on their judgment of its merits
and the merssities of the public, service.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer tin- following as a sub-
sti I ute foi t he amend men t reported f i om the Com-
mittee on Miiitai y A flans:
Thar tii'' S-'Ci "t;u v oi Wm l>e, and he is lietdiy. nn-
thon/r-ii to appoint a comnn-Hnn ot mihun v oifieei-, to he
composed "I nine others t>) tiie rnime'eis, oidnance. ami
ui tillei V, who *-hail (A.uinnr and i • ■ | >o 11 to < 'onyic--at il -
ii«-\t a |tin|i<'i -itc lot tho e-Ubii-luncnt ot an oid
nance d^pot adapt'd to the eon-naction ot oidnancc ami
oidtianee f-iu!.'-, ier the «-tor;iire and pie^crv'irion theieot,
and tm the pruo! and <*\ p"i imental fmntr < t In a\> oidnance
It may be that the public interest requires the
establishment of an oidnance depot wlure oid-
naneo stores can not only be manufactured, but
whote they can be safely deposited. That is one
of the questions, however, about which military
men have uUettamed a great deal of doubi:
whether it was our best policy to manufacture our
guns through private contractors, and encourage
them to establish their manufactories on such a
basis that they should be at all times able to man-
ufacture them, and that there shouul be competi-
tion among them, or whether we should manu-
facture them at the public expense and at the public
establishments. My purpose is to have a mixed
commission, composed of the officers of the three
grades of the Army who are more immediately
interested in the subject of heavy ordnance than
anybody else, and who are supposed to be better
informed about it than the officers of any other
grades, and then to let those officers express to us
theiropinions, after having examined the different
sites that may be presented foi their observation,
as to which is the proper place, if they shall de-
termine that such a depot is necessary.
As I understand it, the recommendation for this
arsenal is based upon the estimates and the opin-
ions of the Ordnance Bureau alone. The Secre-
tary of War has sent us the opinions of the Ord-
nance Bureau; but I do not know that cither the
engineer department or the artillery depaitment,
which are specially interested in this subject,and
who are presumed to know as much about it as
the Ordnance Bureau, have been consulted, or
have expressed any opinion on the subject. I
think the safest way woidd be for us to move
slowly in the establishment of such an immense
depot as is evidently provided for in this bill. I
have got practical sense enough in military mat-
ters to know that that portion of the amendment
proposing to buy some marsh lands, over which
to fire cannon, ought not to be adopted. If you
want to test cannon, you had better go to Long
Island, and buy your six miles of land over the
sondy land of Long Island, than to buy it upon
the marshes m New Jersey, which, half the time,
are inaccessible on account of the high state of
the tide; but I do not think it would be wise for
us to act ou the matter at this time, further than
to obtain the opinion of a military commission on
the subject
The VICE PRESI DENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senaior Aom Iowa to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. KING. The repoit of tiie Secretary of
War, which 1 tead, presents this subject to Con-
go'ss as one of pt essi ng need tot the Department.
To appoint a board which shall examine and re-
poit at the next session of Congress would neces-
sai 11y postpone this matter to that time, and thus
continue all the pi osent embannssments and dif-
ficulties of the War Department on this subject
of oidnance for at least a year. The Committee
; on Miiitai f Affaiis weie in favor of a proposition
of this kind at the last session ; but hopingforan
eai her tei ruination of the war,and this vei y squab-
ble m relation to the location, induced the commit-
tee to let the matter hoover; and nothing was
done. The Department did not hurry it at that
time. The expei iencc between that time and this,
however, has induced them to make a special com-
munication to us, in addition to the iccommend-
ation in the annual message sent to us by the
President, asking that this shall be done. This
amendment to the amendment is worse than the
rejection of the whole matter; tor it retains the
proposition in the hands of a commission, so as
to prevent anything else being done, and post-
pones i I until pei haps the ability to use it will have
passed by. 1 trust the amendment to the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. TEN EYCl£. Mr. President, although
the appropiiation asked for by this amendment
appears to be a very large one, and should attract
attention to it on that account,yet still the object
in view is a very important one, and the Depart-
ment seem to consider the immediate attention of
Oongresss to it desirable. The desire expressed
on the patt of the Secretary of War, as contained
in his letter, is to procure a site for an arsenal, a
site foi a depot of aims and munitions of war
manufactured; and also a long extent of ground
for piactice with the unproved oidnance or the
present day. It appears that the War Depart-
ment has been extending its attention to this mat-
ter for some tune past, and has sent its officers in
dilfeient directions to discover, if possible, suit-
able gtound as sites for such purposes. U ap-
peals, by the report of General Ripley, Chief oi
Oidnance, that such sites and such a position has
been discovered in the neighborhood of the city
of New York. The site for an aisenal has been
discovered upon suitable ground near the city of
