564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Newark, and a site for a depot in the neighbor-
hood of Hoboken; both of which places are rap-
idly extending and growing. They are cntei-
f>mirjg towns; in fact, one of them has become a
aige city. It so happens that the land suitable
for both arsenal and depot is nowowned by indi-
vidual persons and is accessible, and the title can
be acquired without difficulty. Eat in the rapid
grpwtn of these towns, if this matter is post-
poned, the probability is—and difficulty will grow
out of that fact—that sites, such as are desired
by the Government in this respect, will not be
attained as easily or at the same price a year
hence at which they may be attained now. That
such localities are needed appeals manifestly from
the report of the chief of the ordnance depart-
ment. He says that it is impracticable for them
to continue the manufacture of arms, and the
arsenal at the place where it. now is.
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate to
a single paragraph contained in this letter:
" The point at which the greatest embarrassment has been
felt for the want ot adequate arsenal facilities is the city
and harbor of New York. The resources and convenience
of that port for supplying tiansports for stores* and for mili-
tary expeditions by sea, as well as the facilities offered by
its great commercial market for obtaining rmlitaiy supplier,
giv*' to that place the highest importance as an arsenal lo-
cation. The present arsenal there is of very limited capa-
city. It occupies a contracted site on Governor's Island,
in the harbor, adjoining one ot the foils; and, owing to its
position on a small island, the surface of winch l-i covered
mostly by important fortifications, it N not su-ceptible of
any adequate enlargement. It is therefore proposed to le-
htnjuish that position,, and to erect a capacious anenal else-
where in some secure and convenient position on the waters
of New Yoik bay."
This report establishes the fact that the present
arsenal in the neighborhood of the city of New
York is inadequate to answer the public exigen-
cies in that particular, and that there are on the
opposite side of the North livci, within a conven-
ient distance of the great metropolis of the coun-
try, suitable sites, winch may be procuied at the
present time at a reasonable piice, for an arsenal
and military depot, where all these arms and mu-
nitions of war that may be manufactured can be
easily transmitted to tide-water and conveyed to
the different parts of the country when; the neces-
sities of the country may tequire them.
There is another consideiation: just in the im-
mediate neighborhood and approximate to these
two proposed bites is found a pioper theatei for
the practice and experiments with these newly
constructed cannon or ordnance, which, within a
short time, have taken the place of the clumsy and
inefficient species of cannon heretofore employed
in the public service. The salt marsh in that neigh-
borhood is lepoued upon by the chief of the oid-
nance department, whose report is approved by
General Totten—he hd\mg investigated and ex-
amined it ui all its particulars—as being a highly
appropriate spot i\ r thi.-> purpose. It is out of the
way of danger. Theie will be little liability to
accident. There is a lung lango of land, some six
or eight miles in extent, of a. character that, per-
haps, cannot be found anywhere else in this coun-
try, approximate to a large city, which is to fur-
nish the necessary supplies ana labor for woiks
of the dcscnption contemplated in this proposed
amendment. Everything seems to be desirable
and appropriate, so far as we can learn from the
repoits of officers who are qualified to judge of
the nature of ground required for such purposes.
The Qcnatoi from Iowa says it would be much
better to practice with your long-range guns upon
Long Island. I do not piofbss to know whether
that would be a superior location or not. I will
venture to say, however, that Long Island would
hardly furnish a spotso appropriate, .so free from
liability to accident and danger, and so suitable
for this peculiar service or practice, as that which
is now ollered by these salt marshes adjoining
.Newark bay.
I think the Senator from Iowa must have been
thinking of League Island when he spoke of the
marsl.es being beneath the surfacc of high tide,
and not thinking of these marshes m the neigh-
borhood of Newark bay. Although they are
somewhat spongy in their character, and although
a strong man standing upon them might cause the
surface of the soil to shake, yet still I do not ap-
prehend that would be any objection to firing a
cannon ball over it a distance of some four, five,
or si:-: miles at a target for the purpose of testing
the range of a long gun.
II to me, Mr, President, fV't ?htsrs U a
propriety in the Government taking some imme-
diate step in relation to this matter. Whether it
is better to insert it upon this appropriation bill
or not, I arn not prepared to say. I have no par-
ticular interest in it, further than the fact that it
happens to be proposed on the soil of New Jer-
sey, and anything that will conduce to the good
of my fellow-citizens, when it is connected with
a great and overruling interest and benefit to the
public service at large, I shall feel myself called
upon, in a few words, to advocate on a suitable
and proper occasion.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Jersey
seems to be under the impression that General
Tottcn has examined this subject, and knows all
about it. By reference to the letter of General
Totten it will be seen that he only judged of it
from certain maps that had been laid before him
by the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau. He says:
'• Your letter, it seems to me, presents the necessity very
plainly and -trunnly; and so fat as i can jud«e fiom a gen-
et ai knowledge ot the around, and an examination of a map
<>t that pair of New Jersey, your selection of -ate* is ju-
dicious in leferetice to the particular objects in view."
He formed his opinions simply from the maps
presented to him; and so far as I have been able
to glance over the letter of General Ripley, Chief
of Ordnance, his opinions do not seem to have
been based on any personal examination made of
the ground.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I beg pardon. Iunderstood
from a perusal of the letter of General Totten him-
self that he had dispatched officers there for the
express purpose of making this investigation, and
they had reported.
Mr. GRIMES. There is nothing on record to
show that General Totten ever examined it di-
lectly, personally himself or through any person
connected with his office. It may be that such an
examination has been made, but we have no knowl-
edge of that fact. If I read the letter of Geneial
Ripley corrcctly, and if my memory serves me
right—I have not had time to read it tins morning,
but I read it when it was first laid before the Sen-
ate—he has not formed his conclusion fiom any
personal examination, but probably from the same
maps which weie submitted to General Totten
when asked his opinion in regard to the necessity
of an arsenal for oidnancc at this place.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator admits that
this marsh land is swampy, is wet land; but he
says it can be fired over as well as if it was dry
land, ftut what is the purpose of firing I It is to
ascertain what is the elicct of your shot, and what
is the character of your gun; and it is necessary
to follow each discharge of your gun to your tar-
get to see what effect it has; and you are going
to have this marsh land to travel over, covered
with six feet of water probably, at any rate bieast
deep at time* 
Mr. CLARK. Go by water.
Mr. GRIMES. My friend says they will go
by water; but that will not be a very convenient
arrangement; it will not be quite as well, I appre-
hend, as having your trial ground upon dry land.
Now, it occurs to me, on the first blush, that this
is a very considerable objection to the scheme.
The proposition that I submit, it seems to me,
is the fair one. Let every portion of the United
States compete for this ordnance depot; appoint
a commission of able, skillful, and scientific men
from the three scientific branches of your Army
to first settle the question whether fcueh an ord-
nance depot is advisable; and second, if jt be ad-
visable, where it ought to be placed. I have; no
partiality for any place. If they decide that such
an establishment ought to be erected, I am for it,
and I think I should be content to put it where
ever they may see fit to place it, provided that if
it is to be an arsenal of small-arm^ it shall not
be in close proximity to any Urge city; for, as I
understand it, it has not been the policy of any
Government to establish a large atsenal m the
immediate vicinity of any large city. I shall not
vote for it if it be placed m the immediate vicinity
nf a large city; hut, sir, the proposition which I
offer is one that I cannot imagine that any man
can properly have any objection to. It leaves the
question open for one year, it is true; but does
anybody suppose that wc are going to expend
these $386,500 between now and next December,
and get it in such a condition that we shall be able
to manufacture arms for the public defense r I
appryb.enu not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must still make the ob-
jection that it is legislation, and I hope it will be
voted down by theSenateeven in its present shape;
it is legislation on this bill, which will occasion
discussion and difficulty, and m its present shape
it is objectionable to all the points stated by my
colleague on the committee, as well as myself. It
should properly come in another form before the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say one word
more on this subject. Jf this appropriation bill
goes back to the House of Representatives, with
this amendment, the amendment will be carried
with the appropriation bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, who have probably never heard
a word about this dispute. When it goes to the
House of Representatives, it ought to go to the
Military Committee. That has created ail the dis-
putes and controversies between the two Houses
in relation to such matters on the appiopuation
bills. I hope, therefore,it will be voted down.
Mr. KING. As wc are in this controversy,
we should in my judgment meet these questions;
and whatever is necessary for the prosecution of
the war, we should grant to the Executive, if we
believe it to be necessary; if we do not, we should
frankly say so. It is one of the difficulties of the
occasion that questions of local interest come m
here and divert, distract, and divide opinions and
prevent action. If the Senators on the Financial
Committee insist upon this matter coming in by
itself, I would prefer that this amendment should
be rejected, and let the chairman of the Military
Committee call it up, as I have urged him to do
repeatedly, as a separate bill, and let us acton the
bill itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the proper course.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment, after the
words " 1864" in the first section, sixth line, to
insert:
Prowled^ That no part of the sums appropuated by this
,ict shall In di-lmised for th« p.i\, subsistence, ot an) other
Mipplu.1-; of any negio, ftee or slave, in the aimed military
service of the United States.
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. (Jailite, Davn, Kennedy,Latham,Nes-
mith, Powell , Tmpie, and Wall—8
NAYS—Me^sr«. Anthonv, Hiowmmj, Chandiei, Claik,
Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, [laic, Harlan, ll.nu?, Iluwe, Km?. Lane o( In-
diana, Lrtnu ofKan-a-., Mmnli, Pomerov. Slicnnan. Suin-
nei. Ten Eyck, Tiumlmll, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson
ot Masfcachufcettfe—-2d.
So the amendment v/as rejected.
/Mr.TRUMHULL. I offer the following amend-
/ment as an additional section:
j3nd be it Jnithcr enarted. That no money shall lie paid
fiom the Treo.-uiv ot the United States to any peison act-
ing or assuming to act at. an office), civil, militaiy , na-
val, oi 111 any othei capacity m the vfi \ ice of the Govern-
ment, as saiaiy toi or on aeeount of inch vji vice, which
office or employment w not suitbouzed by nOiup ousting
law. unless wheie such office or empiov ment shall be sub-
sequently sanctioned by law ; noi shall'any money Ih> paid
out ot'the Tieasuty a salaiy to any pet=on appointed dur-
ing the loce-^ of the Senate to fill a vacancy in any exist-
ing office, which vacancy existed while tin' Senate was in
&e>Mon, and is by law required to be filled by and u uh the
advice and consent of the Semite, until vueh appointee
shall have been eonfnmed by the Senate.
The amendment speaks for itself: but the ob-
ject of it I will state to Senators, if I can get their
attention for a moment. It is to prevent the pay-
ment of money, out of the Treasury, to any per-
son who may be appointed to an office that does
not exist. For instance, at the last session of
Congress we limited the numbei of bi igadier gen-
erals to two hundred. Since then, the number
has been increased, so far as appointments bvthe
Executive can increase it, up to nearly four hun-
dred. 1 do iiot know whether they have been pa'd
or not, i would not pay any such oificer, or any
poison presuming to act as an officer, unless we
ratify that action. If we do ratify it, then I shall
be willing to pay them, but it is opening the Treas-
ury, as Senators will see, indefinitely, if appoint-
ments can be made where there are no offices, and
salaries diawn by such appointees.
There is another provision in the amendment.
The Omia'iturion provides that the President of
