1.863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
like to h'ave that bill put tm its passage. It is a
very simple measuie, to which there will be no
objection.
Mr. ARNOLD. I object. I desire to obtain
action on the naval grade bill, which I consider
very important.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Objection being interposed, the bill
must be laid aside.
PROMOTIONS OF NAVAL OFi'ICEliS.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 541) to amend an act entitled " An
act to establish and equalize the grades of line
officers of the United States Navy," approved
July 16, 1863. It is the same bill which was up
a fortnight since, and then laid on the table at the
expiration of the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being
another bill—Senate bill No. *200—before the Sen-
ate, it requires unanimous consent to lay itaside
for the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by
the Senator from Rhode Island. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. HARRIS. If that bill is to excite debate,
I must object; but if it wiil not excite any dis-
cussion, I shall have no objection to it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I think it will not. If it is
taken up, I shall offer an amendment which 1
think will remove the necessity for debate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. ARNOLD. I now offer an amendment, to
strike out all of the bill after the word " that,"
where it first occuis, in the following words:
AH the provision^ of the act entitled "An act to establish
ami equalize the jriadenot hneofficersot'the United States
Navy," appioved July 16, 1862. which limit the authority
of the President to promote or put m the line of promotion
an\ officer* or acting offices, in the naval service of the
United States or to extend the time of their scrvieeon the
active list, to those ofiiceis who upon the recommendation
of the President by name have received the thanks of Con-
gress for highly distinguished service or for highly distin-
guished or ineritoiiouft conduct m conflict with the enemy,
be, ami the. *atno ate hereby, repealed.
yiiC. 2. And be it further enactc-l, That the President of
the United States In and with the advice and content of
the Senate, --hall have hereafter the same power to appoint
or promote officer* m the naval seiviec ol the United States
for distinguished seivice or meritorious conduct as is now
confeired upon the President after Mich naval officers
have, upon his recommendation, received the thanks of
Cungiess.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The eighth and ninth sections of an act entitled " An act
to esfabh*h and equalize the grades of line officers of the
United States N.tv>," approved July 16, 1862, he, and the
same are herein,  epealed.
The object of the amendment is simply this: as
the law now stands, a vote of thanks by Congress,
upon the i ecommendation of the President, to an
officer of the Navy canics with it ten years of ad-
ditional service and also an advancement of one
grade in the line of promotion; consequently, great
injustice is done to all the other officers in the
Navy by the granting of a vote of thanks. For
that reason the Committee on Naval Affairs have
hesitated, in quite a number of cases that are now
before them, to recommend that a vote of thanks
be given. The purpose of a vote of thanks is a
compliment; the highest compliment an officer can
have; so high a compliment, indeed, that until the
breaking out of this war it has only been granted
in seven instances in the history of the American
Navy. There are now a large number of cases
before the committee in which the committee
would be very glad to recommend that a vote of
thanks be given for gallant conduct, butthey hes-
itate to do so, on account of the palpable injustice
which is done on account of the two sections
now proposed to be icpealed. The Committeeon
Naval Affairs were unanimous in regaid to this
amendment. They were divided upon another
point on which I propose to take the pense of the
Senate after action has been had on these two sec-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Rhode Island,to strike outall ofthe bill after
the word " that," and to insert the following in
lieu thereof:
The eighth and ninth sections of an act entitled "Anact
to establish and equalize the grades ot line offic< rs of the
United States Nav)," appioved July 1G, 1882, he, and the
same are hereby, icpealed.
Mr. ARNOLD. In order that the Senate may
have a better understanding of the object of the
amendment, I will read those two sections:
Sec. 8. Jiiul be U further enacted, That whenever, upon
the recommendation of the Pie.-idont of the United States,
any officer of the Navy now upon the active list, not below
the grade of commander, has* received, or ^hali receive, by
name, during the ptesent war, a vote of thanks of Congress
for distinguished service, such officer .«shall not he retired,
except for cause, until lie has been fifty-five years in the
naval service ofthe United States.
The law as it now stands retires an officer after
forty-five years of service. That section adds ten
years to that service.
Sec. 9. Jlnd beit further cnactcd, That any line officer of
the Navy or marine corps mav be advanced one grade, if,
upon recommendation ofthe Pi evident by name, he receives
the thanks of Congress for highly distinguished conduct in
conflict with (he enetny, or for extraordinary heroism in the
line of his profession.
That section advances him one grade. The in-
justice that is wrought by these two sections 
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator give way
for a recess ?
Mr. ARNOLD. No, sir; I will not give way
for anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
That the proviso to the seventh section of the act afore-
said, in the following words, " that no officer shall be pro-
moted to this giade unless, upon lecommcndatton of the
President by name, ho has received the thanks of Congress
for distinguished service,'5 be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move-that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock. [u Oh, no."]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. It is under-
stood that we arc not to take a recess.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reading of my amend-
ment discloses what the object of it is. By the
seventh section of the act, the eighth and ninth
sections of which the Senator from Rhode Island
proposes to repeal, it is provided that no officer
shall be promoted to this grade"—alluding to the
grade ofrear admiral—" unless, upon recommend-
ation of the President by name, he has received
the thanks of Congress for distinguished service."
The original bill, as it was reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, proposed to repeal that
provision; but the Senator's substitute is confined
to the eighth and ninth sections. I think, when
acting upon this subject, we should by all means
repeal the proviso to the seventh section. There
.are various objections to it. 1 know it is a bad
time to discuss anything in the Senate,and I shall
make no discussion further than to state the point
to the Senate.
I am sorry that my friend from Rhode Island
has thought proper to modify his bill so as to con-
fine it to the eighth and ninth sections; for I think
this proviso to the seventh section is the most ob-
jectionable of all the features in the act, a part of
which he proposes to repeal. This proviso is that
no person shall bo appointed a rear admiral m the
Navy unless he has received by name the thanks
of Congress. Now, what is the effect of that? In
the first place, what right has Congress to make
such a limitation? I should like to know thai. 1
should like to know by what authority the Con-
gress of the United States says that a person shall
not be an officer in the Navy unless he has re-
ceived the thanks of Congress. Why not as well
say unless he has been a memberof the Senate of
the United States? it is a different case from that
where Navy and Army officers go up by regular
promotion. I have heard the question discussed
since I have been in the Senate, whether it was
competent for the Senate to provide that the Presi-
dent should be compelled to appoint officers by
regular promotion. I believe Congress has that
aut bority, because Congi ess has authority to raise
armies and prescribe rules and regulations for
their government; and under that grant of power
I think it may provide for a regular promotion
as part of the organization of the Army. But the
authority of the President to appoint all officers
under the Constitution is plenary; and if you can
limit him to persons who have received the thanks
of Congress, you can limit him to persons who
have been Speakers of Congress or to any other
definite number of persons, and in effect take away
from the President the appointing power. This
is a constitutional objection.
But there is another objection upon other
grounds. How are these votes of thanks obtaihed
from this Congress? Often from political consid-
erations. A vote of thanks is obtained here by
reason of the activity or zeal of the friends of a
particular officer in the Army or Navy. It means
very little. Sometimes it may mean a great deal.
Again, sir, if the number is to be limited to those
that receive the thanks of Congress, as I said, we
designate to the President whom he shall appoint.
The Senate has a veto power on the appointments
of the President. If he appoints an improper man
a rear admiral, we may reject him; but we have
no right to compel him to select particular per-
sons; and 1 think it is an encroachment on his
authority.- Let me show how this law may op-
erate unjustly by supposing what may, and I hope
wiil, soon occur. I ask my friend from Rhode
Island, suppose within the next two weeks, or the
next week after Congress adjourns, we hear that
some gallant officer in the Navy has entered the
harbor of Charleston, destroyed the forts there,
and taken the city; that he then sails out with a
fleet, goes down and captures Savannah, and then
goes on to Mobile; and that another officer in
your Navy captures the Alabama and the Florida.
Congress has adjourned. This officer is notarear
admiral. The President cannot make him one;
and he must remain for nine months a subordi
nate officer, until Congress shall meet here in De
cember next, and then run the risk of having a
resolution of thanks passed through Congress.
No matter what gallant service he may perform;
no matter what glory he may shed on the Navy
and the country by his gallant deeds; he must oc-
cupy a subordinate position and cannot be pro-
moted to this rank because Congress has not got
together and given him a vote of thanks. We
have men at this very time acting as rear admirals
in consequence of gallant deeds performed by
them at the capture of New Orleans. There is
Bailey, who fought most desperately and gallantly
there; and I believe has received the thanks of one
House of Congress, but not of the other. You
cannot make him an admiral; and yet such has
been the exigencies of the public seivice that he
has had command of one of our squadrons in the
Gulf. Lee is another instance. I believe he re-
ceived the thanksof the House of Representatives,
but the resolution of thanks has been stopped here
in the Senate. Particular persons are picked out <
to whom the thanks of Congress are given. Lee
is also acting as a rear admiral at this very time
on the Atlantic coast, between South Carolina and
the Chesapeake, or, perimps, some distance up 1
the Chesapeake bay; I do not know the bounda-
ries of his command. And yet neither of these
officers, who may perform the most gallant deeds
of any men in the Navy—I do not know that they
will, but they 1mve done well—could be made a
rear admiral, because there is a provision in the
law that no man who has not received the thanks
of Congress by name can receive any such ap-
pointment. I hope the Senator from Khode Isl-
and will consent to adopt this amendment, if the
language of the bill as reported does not satisfy
him, and that he will so extend the bill as to re-
peal this proviso in the seventh section; and that
is the amendment which I have offered.
Mr. ARNOLD. The positionsassumed by the
Senator from Illinois are very easily answered.
They were carefully considered by the Committee
on Naval Affans, and the idea suggested by him
was not adopted for this reason: there are but
nine admirals allowed; and it was thought well, *
under the circumstances, that there should be some
power between the President and the appointment
to these nine high offices, which should be the
Senate of the United States, or the Congress of the
United States, giving a vote of thanks. Without
a vote of thanks an admiral could not be appointed.
Unless that proviso is retained, we know how ihe
President will be pressed upon from all quarters
by the friends of naval officers to secure to them
one of the nine appointments of admirals. It was
purposely retained, because, in the opinion of the
Committee on Naval Affaits, it was desirable to
have some power between the President and those
who were pressing upon him.
Again, as to the question which the Senator
from Illinois asks. what, shall be done in case
Charleston, for instance, is taken in a week, or
some grand naval exploit is performed in a week?
I answer him, when the Congiess of the United
