1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United States may make temporary appoint-
ments to mi vacancies which occur during the
recess of die Senate. This is to prevent the pay-
ment of any officer who shall be appointed during
the recess of the Senate, if the vacancy exisied
while the Senate was in session. I think that the
nominee should then be sent to the Senate, and
if he is rejected by the Senate, and the President
thinks proper not to send in any other nominee
during the session, and he then appoints a per-
son after the Senate has adjourned, that person
should not be paid until the Senate has an oppoi-
tunicy to act upon him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This will
operate in future, not in the past.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This will operate in the
future, of course. The law is prospective. It will
take effect hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that this is
but the declaration of the law as it now stands.
The last clause is but a repetition of a plain pro-
vision of the Constitution." As a matter of courst,
we know very well the President of himself has
no power to appoint any one to fill an office dur-
ing the session of the Senate, and the pay of that
officer cannot commence until after the Senate con-
firm his nomination. That is the law now; and
I take it that no paymaster and no officer would
pay a person so appointed. As I understand the
Constitution, the President has no power of him-
self to make an appointment during the session
of the Senate, and the appointment is of no val-
idity until it is confirmed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion (o the Senator fiom Ohio. Vacancies
have oecuued while the Senate was in session.
Suppose one existed now, and that vacancy is not
filled up; the Senate, for leasons satisfactoiy to
itself, declines to confirm, perhaps, the person nom-
inated, and the vacancy is not filled up when the
session closes; then, after wc adjourn, an appoint-
ment is made to that office; that peison acts as
an officer, and 1 understand receives pay. A good
many such cases occurred at the last session of
Congress. The Senator will probably recollect
a number.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator believe
the President has the power to fill the vacancy
in such a ease5
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not; but some other
persons think he has that power. I think they
should not he paid until we ratify then* nomin-
ations. That jh mv object. I quite agree wi'h
the {Senator from Ohio; th.it is my view of the
Constitution, but ail persons do not take the same
view.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There if one difficulty
whieh oeeurs to me in refeienee tothefiistciau.se
of the ami ndment, whieh }^o\idis that no officer
and no peison whatever shall be paid who is ap-
pointed without the authority of law. Now, sir,
that is a very stringent provision. In time of war
there may be many persons in theeinploy of Gov-
ernment whose employment is not leeognized by
any existinglaw, and, in the natuie ofthm^s,can-
not be recognized by any existing law. It is for
that purpose that we provide a contingent fund for
the use of the Secretary of War. Thutemuin><ent
fund is very large; in this very bill H is
I think. The objectof that contingent fund is to
meet cases of service, unquestionably, which m-i -
vices me in then nature, many of them, secret;
others perhaps not, but arising upon Lonun^n-
cics. Worded as this amendment js, I am afraid
that it would prevent the Secretary of "Warfi.nn
applying any part of the cunting«Mit fund to pay
apeisuu in the service of the United States who
was not recognized by law, and could not, in the
nature of things, be so.
It applies to another class of men. For instance,
there ha\e been some civil appointments made—
that is, appointments made in the nature of civil
offices—and they have undoubtedly been paid out
of the contingent fund, for I know of no otlnr
fund out of which they could be paid. Take the
case of Governor Stan ley, of North Carolina. That
is not a military appointment; he holds no com-
mission, that 1 am aware of; and there may he
othcrcaseaof a similardescription. If lie has been
paid at all, and he probably has been, he must,
have been paid out of the contingent fund, for 1
know of no other out of which he could be paid.
There may be other cases. I suppose it is not the
intention of the Senator, in offering the amend-
ment, to limit the Secretary of War with reference
to the discretion he has, over the contingent fund
which we place at his disposal; and it would be
proper, therefore, I thmk, if the amendment should
be adopted, so to express it. I do not see how,
in accordance with law, he can take any money
from any of the appropriations that we have spe-
cified here, for specific objects, to pay any of these
bills; and therefore if it applies to the contingent
fund, I suggest to the Senator that he could not
possibly give it that extent without, perhaps, cre-
ating very seiious embarrassment.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 hope,Mr. President, that this
proposition will not be adopted. It involves cer-
tainly one question of very great importance, and
in respect to which there ought to be some dis-
cussion before it shall be incorporated into law.
In respect to the appointments to fill vacancies
these are the facts: the Senate, at the last session,
adjourned leaving some very important nomina-
tions unacted upon. According to the theory of
the Senator from llimois, the President had no
powei to fill those vacancies. It was not his fault
that they were not filled; he had sent us nomina-
tions, but the Senate omitted to act upon those
nominations, and at the hour of ad journment they
wore upon our table. Now, sir, what was to be
done in these cases? The most important offices
m the Government were placed in that position.
In inspect to such vacancies, let me say that, how-
ever we may read the Constitution, for forty years
the pieeedentx have been nj^imst, that theory. Be-
ginning, at least, with the time of Mr. Wirt, m
the Admmistiation of John Ctuincy Adams, who
deliverer} a very able opinion on that question, it
has been held by one Attorney General after an-
other that in such cases as that the President has
power to fill the \ aeancy. I am not disposed to pre-
judge that question by a proposition to amend, an
appi opriation bill. \V Iienever that question comes
up fot consideration, let it be fairly discussed, if
the Senate t booses to reverse the action of the Gov-
ernment foi the last fotty years I have nothing to
say upon the subject; but do not let us anticipate
that grave question upon an amendment to an
appiopriatum bill.
Mi. FESSEJNDEN. 1 have not had time to ex-
amine the amendment of the Senator from Illinois;
but there are some evils that I think ought to be
m"t. Take the case of a military officer, if the
subject is left m the position in which it now is,
what will be the result' Suppose the Piesident
recommends to us an officei to fill a vacancy; we
do not % t upon it, or we reject the nomination,
and adjourn. He then appoints that same officer
immediately to the same office, and he holds over,
and then his name comes in a^ain to us and we re-
ject him again. If he is to be paid m the mean
time, it, js an inducement to that course of action,
it ought to be understood distinctly, that when
an officer does not come distinctly within the rules
| of law, and is appointed in that way in defiance of
i the wishes of the Semite, he shall not be paid. It
may not he in our power to prevent the appoint-
ment, but it is in our power to prevent the pay-
ment; nnd when paynu nt is prevented, I think
that will probably put an end to the habit of mak-
ing su'"h appointments.
Mi. ilAUUIS. That does not apply to the
appointments to which I referred.
Mr. FE.SSENOEN. Certainly there were ap-
pointments before us at the hist session which we
did not act upon, which were before us for some
time, Hud in the recess those same officers were ap-
pointed to those same offices, and hold them still.
Tin iea son why we did not act upon them, the Sen-
aim will recoilect, was, not because we did not con-
sider them, but because we did not wish to confirm
them; yet they were reappointed, and are holding
those offices. I thmk that is improper; I think it ;
invoU es a viola I ion ot the privileges of the Senate,
which wo should maintain.
Mr WILSON, of Massachusetts. If this prop-
on.ion is ii.'bh to the objection made by the Sen-
ator from Maim 
Mr. TR.UMBULL 1 will modify it in that
respect, so as not to apply to the employment of
persona, but confine it to officers.
Mr. WlCSON, of Massachusetts. Then that
objection is to be avoided: and if* the pioposition
is correctly framed, I am very willing to votefoi
it. 1 suppose the officers that have been appointed
since the adjournment of the last session of Con-
gress have received their pay. I suppose this pro-
vision will apply rather to the future than to the
past. Until toward the close of the'last session,
we had no limit to the number of major ami brig-
adier generals. There was a certain rule of or-
ganization adopted in the Army. That rule was
that there should be in a brigade four regiments,
and in a division three brigades, and three divis-
ions in a corps d'armee. I suppose we have now
from eleven to twelve hundred regiments'in the
country; some of them small; and in some of the
brigades now they have six or seven regiments.
At the last session of Congress the President sent
in a large number of general officeis; we thought
too many, more than the country needed. We
passed a law limiting the number of major gen-
erals to forty and brigadier generals to two hun-
dred. Then wc selected among the nominations
up to the number of two hundred brigadiers and
forty major generals, and the others fell because we
made a law linn ting the number. After the adjourn-
ment of Congress, the Government called for six
hundred thousand men. There were a large num-
ber of regiments added to the eight or nine hun-
dred regiments then existing—i suppose three
hundred at least. Under these circumstances the
President has nominated and sent in here, I think,
forty-six major generals and about one hundred
and fifty-one or one hundred and fifty-two briga-
dier generals; and a veiy large portion of these
general officeis have received letters of appoint-
ment, not commissions. They are in the field at
the head of their commands. These nominations
have been sent in here not to fill any vacancies—
vacaricn s are not specified—they are sent as ori-
ginal nominations; but there is no law for them,
and I do not see how the Senate can act upon one
of them, and I do not suppose it will.
Whatever the Senate may do in regard to thifs
matter, we have these officers bcfoie us. I am
perfectly willing that this proposition shall pass
which shall cut all these military appointees off
from being paid in the future. We have some
other officers that have been appointed not accord-
ing to Jaw. I do not suppose anything wrong has
been intended in this matter. I presume the ex-
ecutive department of the Government supposed
it was necessary; but I think we should arrest all
these appointments. That is my judgment about
it; and 1 am willing to vote for this amendment if
it is so fiamed that it will only atfect this class of
cases,
Mr.TRUMBULL. I have modified the amend-
ment to meet the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine; and I ask thai the Secretary report it as I
have modified it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jind be il further evaded, That no money slmll be palck
fiom the TieriMiiy ot the Cmfd State* to any person act
iug <">r assuming to act ftr; an officer, ojvil, military, fir naval,
a* salarv in any ofiice winch office i.« not authonzed by
some previously e\i<tnn; law, unlev> where :-ueh ofi.ee Miail
he subsequently sanctioned l>> law; noi shall anj money be
paid out ofthe Ticn-uiy as Hilary to any person appointed
diumg the teee^ of the Senate to fill a vacancy irt any ex-
isting office, which vacancy existed while rhe Senate was/
m .stolon, ami is by Inw u-quimi to he appointed by and
with the advice nnd eon-ent of the Senate, until Mich aif-
pointee shall have been continued bv the Senate. j
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to ihc Senate as amended,
and the amendments weie concurred in, and or- i
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed. Its tide was amended to read, u An act
making appropriations for the support of the Army
foi the yuarending the 30th of June, 1S64, and for
a deficiency for the signal service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1863."
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move my amend-
ment to the consular and diplomatic oppropnatfoa
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
resume the consideration of the bib (IT. R. No.
649) making; appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1864. Th-' amendment of
the Senator from Michigan will he read.
The Secretory read, as follows:
Afu r Ini" tini tv-fivo, liu-ert:
Foi eoinpfiwuion of the con- n' at ftiuxya'nn'-, from the
->th day of August, 1861, to the 30th of June, 16652, £1,3." 34.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment should
be put in a different form in order to accomplish
the object the Senator stated.
