566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. CHANDLER. I have sent up an addi-
tional section which covers the whole point. Let
that be read.
Mr. LATHAM. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that the consul is dead.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am aware of that; but
I have made provision for the continuance of the
consulate in nn additional section.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to oppose the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan; but 1
wish to call attention to the fact that it is an ap-
propriation for a consulship which had not pre-
viously been created by law. It is, I suppose,
one of what are familiarly called the §1,500 con-
sulships'.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, I will read nn extract from a communication
of a very intelligent gentleman of San Francisco,
upon which perhaps the opinion of the Secretary
of State was founded:
" The present consul, W. L,. Bakci, E:-q., is at this time
here, having been litcually staived out ami impoverished by
a year and a half residence at Gunvam.v*; lust considei trig
the importance ot the post, myself and -eviMa! other i^n-
tlemen have prevailed on him to icturn and make an effort
with the Government to secure a salaiy. >Ti. B.ikei re-
luctantly yields to our icquest, backed by slight pecuniary
aid, which will enable him to hold on tor a sow months,
until it can be ascertained whether the Government will
piovide a salary."
The fees amount to very little, and yet the con-
sulate is very important. The consul who filled
the position left because it was utterly impossible
for him orany other man to live on the fees of the
office. The Secretaiy of State has recommended
that he be paid a salary of $1,500 a year for the
present and the past fiscal year, which is one of
the lowest salaries paid to consuls, and that the
consulate be placed in the class of $1,500 consul-
ships, which I propose to do in a new section.
The consul himself was murdered a few days ago,
but the consulate is so very important, in the es-
timation of the Secretary of State, and likewise of
the Senators from California, that 1 have made pro-
vision in a new section for the continuance of the
consulate, and that the salary be fixed at $1,500
per annum.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that there must be half
a dozen at least, if not a dozen consulates—there
may be twice that number—in the precise situa-
tion of this consulate. I have mys.elf received cer-
tainly half a dozen letters, and I think it may be
more, from consuls abroad, making the precise
complaint which the Senatorftom Michigan states
is made by tins consul; that is, that their fees are
entirely inadequate, that they cannot live upon
them, that they are being starved out, and that
they must come home unless a salary be supplied.
Poi instance, I have in my mind the consulate at
DuMin, which is sustained by fees. There is no
salary there. There is a "very respectable gentle-
man who is performing the duties there, and t
have reason to believe, from what I have heard
from various quarters, that he has performed them
very acceptably. I believe his correspondence
with the Department of State has been advanta-
geous to the Government, but his fees amount,
perhaps, to only two or three hundred dollars a
year. He cannot live on those fees. He has writ-
ten to tne several letters, [(leading to have some-
thing done to place his consilium on a better foot-
ing; in short, that it should be at least one of the
f1,500 consulates, i mentioned this case to the
Apartment of State, and I was told that it was
not considered expedient to make any recommend-
ation with reference to it. In short, he was to be
allowed to subsist on his fees or to come home.
1 mention this case as one precisely in point. It
seems to me it is almost identical with the case
which the Senator from Michigan now proposes
to provide for.
Mi. CHANDLER. It is a different case en-
tirely. Guayamas, as the Senator weli knows, is
a point at this time of veiy gieat importance to
our commerce. It is a point where, under the
special law passed at the extra session authoi izing
the Secretary of State at his discretion to nlace
consulates where lie deemed them necessary, he
would feel it impeiativeon him to place a consul-
ate on account of its importance to our commerce.
The Scnatois from the Pacific coast and represent-
ations from citizens there have satisfied the Sec-
retin y of State and the Committee on Commerce
that this consulate should be placed in the class
of^1,500consulates. Itis entirely a differentclass
from the other consuls who are notexposed as at
Guayamas.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Itmay be,and I think it
is, a misfortune of the people of California that
they are so remote from the States lying on this
sideof the Rocky mountains, that the people here,
( particularly those living on the shores of the At-
: lantic, do not understand the great public and
, commercial interests that belong to the shores of
i the Pacific. Guayamas is, so far as this Republic
, is concerned, the most importan t port on the Pacific
ocean; it is the commanding position in the Gulf
of California, the finest port north of Acapulco.
It is the pott of the State of Sonora, in which
State the parties now in rebellion have sought to
organize their forces. It has a commercial and a
political importance of the first charactcr. It will
probably be found that the French fleet which is
reported to have sailed up the shores of the Pacific
has stopped theie and has commanded it. As
compared with the consulate of Dublin for polit-
ical importance,it is farm its advance. To mam-
tain a consulate iheie is a political public neces-
sity: it is also a commercial necessity; and when
the Senate is int'oi med t hat the consul there, having
j no compensation by law, was compelled to aban-
' don the consulate, and that the merchants and
i business men and loyal men of San Francisco had
j to furnish him a salary in ouler to maintain him
i theie, that should be, a sufficient argument as to
; this question.
[ I do not feel like discussing a question of this
! kind. 1 can only feel that we, away oiF on the
' Pacific, three thousand miles from the shores of
! the Atlantic, aie not recognized as we should be
j by the people of this coast. As I have said, the
port of Guayamas is the commanding port of the
Gulf of California. Into the Gulf of California
empties the Colorado uvei, that commands An-
zona, and may be made to command southern Cal-
ifornia. We ought, to have an agent of the Govern-
ment theix*. A consulate of *>1,500 is not equal to
the business that this Government hastheienow.
There should be an able man at that post, a man
able to inform the Government of all the move-
ments of the parties in rebellion operating there,
and offorees from abroad opeiatmg theie, as well
as to take care of the commercial interests of the
Pacific coast. The bay of San Fiancisco is re-
garded, I believe, as an important position on the
Pacific, probably the best possessed by any of the
civilized States engaged in commerce. To our
commercial relations on the Pacific th^port of
Guayamas is of the very first impoitauce. Our
consulate at Valparaiso is not of the same import-
ance with a proper representative of this Govern-
ment at the port of Guayamas at this present
time; and 1 tiustthat the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, who should well
understand how Guayamas relates to our foreign
interests, will not make any objection to an ap-
propriation that will seen re some person there to
repiesent the Federal Government.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I have no
doubt of the piopiiety of making this a paid con-
sulate, but I wish to make a single remark upon
the immediate amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, which is before the Senate, making
payment for the services of the fate consul, Mr.
Baker, who has been murdered while m the dis-
charge of his duties. Mr. Baker went out there
with a distinct understanding from the Secretary
of State that the consulate should be laised to
$1,500, under the act authorizing such consuls to
be appointed. lie would not have gone other-
wise, because the fees are a mere nothing. Soon
after his depaiture, however, Congiess repealed
the law authorizing such appointments, and the
Secretary of State was thus unable to fulfill the
promise he had made, and upon the faith of which
Mr. Baker went out there and discharged his du-
ties very acceptably to the people, and rcndcied
i very important service, as 1 know from letters
that ! have had from that region; but I dare say
tiie Senators fiom California and Oregon aie more
familiar with it than lam. It is a matter of simple
justice that he should be paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On looking at the bill we
passed last year, I find that theie were several
! amendments to meet cases somewhat similar. At
j| th<-> close of the list of consols I find this provis-
;| ion;
!j "And the sa!ai\ of tue consul .it Bremen shall he§3,000,
II to commence on the lotd«iy ol Januaiy. 16G^; and the con-
sul at Pictou, Nova Scotia, shall receive a salary of $1,500,
to commence on the 1st day of Januaiy, 1862.*'
That was a consulate which was paid by fees
always before.
^•And the salary of the consul at Swatow shall be $3,500,
to commence on the 2i«t day of September, 18G0; and the
consul at Port Mahon shall ip.ceive ,i salary of $1,300."
It is very easy to put this in that shape, A a
to the Secretary of State redeeming his promise,
what time does tins date back to?
Mr. CHANDLER. The 5th of August, 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have had a session
of Congress since that time, and a session of Con-
gress at which we passed the very bill fiom which
I have just read, in which we provided for several
consulates,and changed their character,and when
we passed the bill cairied it back to the beginning
of that year. The Secretary of State might just
as well have sent this to us at the last session,
and we have provided for it, if he had made any
such agreement with Mr. Baker. He certainly
sent these others, and recommended them. Why
he did not send this, if the facts exist, 1 do not
understand.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was an oversight.
Mr. ANTHONY. It must have been an over-
sight, as the Assistant Secretary of State told me
it was his intention to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, that I find that
precedent is established, I should be willing to go
back to the 1st day of January last, precisely as we
did m the bill of last year, and make this simple
provision at the end of the eighty-seventh line:
And the salaiy ofthe consul at Guayamas <diall be .$'1,500,
to commence ou the 1st day of Januaiy, 1663
Or, if the Senate think it ought to be done, they
can go back to August, 1862; but I am very unwill-
ing to set the example ofgomg back of a session of
Congiess in that way, to a time anterior to that.
And then the amount can be added to the gross
amount of the appropriation, and Guayamas can
be put in above, as we did in the case last year.
Mr. CHANDLEIl. The amount uf money is
very small. The consul who fil)<-d the place was
murdered the other day; and his family is left m
destitute circumstances. He was cei Uuuly prom-
ised a salaiy, and his family very much need it.
It is a simple act of justice, and ought to be given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I suggest to the
Senator to change the phraseology of his amend-
ment, and simply add after the eighty-seventh line:
And the salaiy oftiie consul at Guayamas shall be $1,500
a yeai, to commence on the olh of August, 1802.
Mr. CHANDLER. If that will do away with
the objection, I will agree to it; but it should go
back to August 5, 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thisis 1863,and I thought
he commenced last August.
Mr. CHANDLER. No: August a year ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case you are not
providing enough. Let the Clerk read the amend-
ment again.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which was after line thirty-five to insert:
j For compensation of the con-ul at Guayamas nom the
: I 5th day of Augu-t, lb61, to the 30tli of June, 1S62, $1,354 34.
'| Mr. CHANDLER. Then afterwards I propose
j a new section allowing him $1,500 for the present.
i| fiscal year, and continuing the consulate as a
1 $1,500 consulate.
[ Mi. FESSENDEN. This bill the Senator will
! recollect, is a bill providing for the furme. If the
,j amendment goes as far back as 1&G1,1 object to it
j strongly and decidedly. That ia a year ago last
! August.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 know it.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. The matter should have
; been brought to ourattention before. Itcouldnot
j ha\e been existing all that time before our last
; session; the Senator himself must have misun-
'< derstood it. i call for the rendmgof the commu-
I nication of the Secretary of State again.
! Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the accoippany-
iog paper be read likewise. ^
| Tiie Secretary read, as follows:
- san fr4.ni. isco, j.'Vocembcr id, 1862.
1 My T)r-' vit Sir : ^ I beg to call
' your attention to the mattei of the consulate at Guayamas,
; ? Ie*ico. This port is very intimately connected with San
! Fumcisco, and the busine-o withth<u poit u  constantly in-
creasing, and the importance o! hnvmg an Ameucan citi-
zen luliy Union in sentiment to fill the oflieo of consul at
this tune must be appaient to the Govei mnent, since the
new interests in thesilvei mines of Sotiora are am acting so
much attention here; and more especially should the Gov-
