THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1863.
New Series.....No. 95*.
cisely so it may have great weight with the Sec-
retary of the Navy, or with the President of*the
United States, in all these appointments it is ut-
terly impossible, as long as human nature is com-
posed or the materials of which it is, that all po-
litical and personal influences can be ignored.
Such things have always existed,andalways will.
We^hould, all of us, endeavor to ignore them,
perhaps, in these matters as far as possible.
Now, sir, while political influences or personal
influences might operate upon Congress, and
while they mightalso operate upon the Executive,
the Constitution has in fact settled this matter.
The Constitution says the President shall nomi-
nate, and by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, appoint to office. The Senator from
Maine says it is perfectly within our constitu-
tional power to enact that a person shall not re-
ceive an office until he is twenty-one years of age.
Very true; but that is a thing which applies to all
men; that is the qualification of an office. But
when you come to the question of selecting the in-
dividual, that selection belongs to the President in
the first instance; and I think, so far as this law
of Congress infringes upon that freedom of selec-
tion by the Ptesident, it is so far opposed to the
Constitution of th&United States. While it is true
political influences may be brought to bear upon
the President, or may be brought to bear upon
Congress, the Constitution has settled the ques^
tion by saying that the nomination belongs to the
President in the first instance, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I dislike very much to inter-
fere with this matter; but I think I must insist on
the order of the Senate. I consented that this bill
should be taken up with the understanding that
there was to be no further debate on the subject.
If there can be a vote on it, I have no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no probability of a
vote speedily.
Mr. HARRIS. If not, I do not wish to jeopard-
ize the bill, in which I take great interest, and
which ispioperly before the Seitltte.
Mr. KING. One of the reasons, and in my
judgment a sufficient reason, for the amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois, is the fact
that a vote of thanks, by the provisions of the law
as it now stands, is made to carry with it rank
and pecuniary consequences to the party to whom
it is made. A vole of thanks of Congress for gal-
lant deeds, whether in the Army or the Navy, in
my judgment, should be solely the result of the
emotions that arise on the witnessing of a noble
and gallant and daring deed on the part of one of
our officers. It should carry honorand glory with
it, and nothing more. It should not be soiled with
pccuniaiy consideiationa and questions of rank,
which produce these difficulties in the Navy. We
have now in the Senate an instance of this kind.
The House of Representatives, on the recom-
mendation of the Piesidi.-nf, I think, passed a vote
of thanks to a considerable number of naval com-
manders, whose names were sent in for that pur-
pose, for their gallant conduct in the capture of
New Orleans, a victory which was as creditable
to them as any naval victory ever achieved any-
where in any country. That vote of thanks thus
passed to these men in the House of Representa-
tives cam§5 here and it has been smothered, or it
has failed to be acted upon here, and has remained
with the committee, because these considerations
have been connected with it, as I suppose. At
least, I know of no other reason.
Mr. GRIMES. The first two sections in the
bill of the Senator from Rhode Island were intro-
duced for the purpose of obviating the very trouble
of which the Senator from New York speaks; so
that we can take up that resolution of thanks and
pass it as soon as we pass this bill.
Mr. KING. That will obviate a part of the
objection. I am in favor of that; but I am also
in'favor of the amendment of the Senator from Il-
linois. I am in favor of leaving this vote of thanks
to what it always has been m this country and in
other countries, and what, in my judgment, it
ouo-ht to be, a mark of honor and distinction dbn#*
95
ferred upon a gallant officer either of the Army or
the Navy. Other considerations, such as the qual-
ifications and suitableness and fitness of the per-
son for particular command, should not be mixed
up with it. An officer who would not be a very
suitable person to select for one of these places
might, by his acts, deserve a vote of thanks from
Congress. He might do an act which would com-
mand the admiration and gratitude of his country-
men, whether they express it or not; but he can-
not have it now, because if itis given to him other
considerations are connected with it which put
him in the position of seeking something else. In
my judgment the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois is one which ought to pass.
These votes of thanks should be separatedentirely
from these other personal, pecuniary questions of
interest.
Mr. HOWARD. I would inquire what the
motion is before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is oil the amendment to the amendment moved by
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that to be the
repeal of the proviso contained in the seventh sec-
tion of the act of last year, in these words: v
"Provided, That no officer shall he promoted to tins grade
unless, ou the recommendation of the President, by name,
he has received the thanks of Congress for distinguished
services."
Now, sir, I shall vote to repeal that portion of
the law, for I believe it to be in conflict with the
tDonstitution itself. The Constitution gives to the
President of the United States the independent
authority to nominate and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to appoint all officers.
It is a power over which Congress, as such, have
no control whatever. It is for the President to
make his selections, and he may make them with-
in whatever range he may see fit, and Congress
has no authority to limit him as to the persons
out of whom he shall select any particular officer
at all. If Congress, by an act of legislation, may
declare what persons the President may select and
what he may not select for appointment to office,
then is it not entirely clear that Congress may
exercise an omnipotent restraining power over the
President of the United States ? And, if they take
such an absurdity into their heads, they can act-
ually prohibit him from making any appointments
whatever. It seems to me, therefore, that the Con-
gress that passed this clause assumed a power of
control, direction, restriction, over the President
of the United States in reference to appointments,
with which the Constitution does not vest them;
and I think it is high time we should get iid of
this obnoxious proviso.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment of the committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered-, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Oaililc, Cowan, Davi^ Dtxon. Doohttle,
Howard, King, Luoe of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas,
Latham, Powell, Richardson, Sumner, Ttumbull, Tuipic
Wall, Wilmot.and Wilson o} Missouri—19-
NAYS—Me.-si*. Anthony, Arnold, Bavaid, Fc.^ondi ,i.
Foot. Fostot, Climes, Tim ding, Harris, H<*nd<T*on, [in'ii .
Ne-nnth. Pomeioy, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson oiMa—
*.aehus£tts—1G.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. TURPIE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
rfndbc \t farther enacted, That the third section of an act
approved August 5, 1654, entitled "An act making appio-
priation* for the support of the Aimv for the year ending
June 30,1835," be applied to the Navy in the same maimer
a& the fedine applies lo the Aimy pension law--.
This amendment is merely declaratory of the
legal rights, or what I think ought to be the legal
rights, of officers of the Navy. It is offered at the
instance of an officer of the Navy from my State.
The? section there referred to provides that the
widow of an officer in the Army, even if she have
married a second t!me, if at the time of making
her application for a pension is a widow, she is
eniiiled to it. The object of tins amendment is
to extend the benefit of the same provision to thef
widows of officers of the Navy; that if she be a;
widow at the time she makes her application, she-
shall be entitled to a pension, although she may
perhaps marry after the decease of her husband.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island having-
been amended by the Senate, it is no longer uncter
his immediate control.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana to withdraw that amendment, and
let it stand over until the next session, when we
can have time to consider it. It is changing the
pension laws.
Mr. GRIMES. It is manifestly right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is said to be right, I
have no abjection.
Mr. TuRPlE. Yes, sir; it is right. I have
submitted it to the chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, and other Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on jJie proposed amend-
ment?
Mr. HARRIS. If it can be passed without de-
bate, I have no objection; but I cannot consent to
let debate go on on this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
Jind be itfurther enact cdt That section twelve of the "Act
making appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30,1846," approved March 3,1845, be, and tlie
smue is hereby, repealed.
Mr. KING. What is the section ?
Mr. GRIMES. The section reads as follows:
" Sec. 12. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That in all cases
where proposal* for any contract or contracts, to be mirde
by any of the Executive Departments or biueaus, and in
all cases where notices of any description, issuing from the
same, are now required by law to be adveitised, the same
shall be advertised by publication in the two newspapers, in
the city of Washington, having the largest permanent sub-
scription, and, at the discretion of the executive, in any third
paper that may be public-lied in said city: Provided, That
the ebaiges for such publications shall not be higher than
such us are paid bv individuals for advertising in said pa-
pers : sin J provided also, That the same publications shall
be made in each of said papers equally as to frequency."
Mr. TRUMBULL. H^w do you propose to
advertise ?
Mr. GRIMES. As the law stands now, we
have a general law to advertise here and ill all
the principal cities. This section was put m for
the benefit of some newspapers in this city.
Mi. KING. Wjll the Senator state what the
regulations are that are to be repealed?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will observe that
this relates only to the city of Washington. We
have laws that require the Department to adver-
tise in certain places.
Mr. KTNG. Where?
Mr. GRIMES. In all the principal cities; and
in eiery State in the Union they select the paper
that is supposed to have the largest circulation,
and thus give to it the greatest circulation; but
t!,i : s. ction requires three newspapers to be sup-
■vu-ted in this city at the public expense in this
manner, and to be paid at these rates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the title was
amended Jby adding the words " and for other pur-
poses."
COMMANDER ROBERT HAND.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Secretary of the Navy be, and he
hcHiby lOjieque-ted to communicate to the Senate the pro-
ceeding 111 the ease of the court-in.n Hal upon Commander
Rohert U.md, United States Navy, if, in lus judgment, not
injurious to the public service.
CLAIMS AGAINST CONFISCATED VESSELS.
Mr. II ARRIS. Before proceeding to the con-
sideration of the order of the Senate, I desire,
