1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
with the leave of the Senate, to make a report
from the Judiciary Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be received.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
615) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the collection of duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved July 13,1861, and an
act entitled "An act to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes," approved August
6, 1861s and all other acts on that subject, have
directed me to report the same back to the Senate
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it pass. I ask that it may be put on its pas-
sage at the present time. I will state to the Sen-
ate that the object of the bill is to protect the bona
fide Hens of loyal citizens on vessels that are con-
fiscated.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs that in ail cases now or here-
after pending wherein any ship, vessel, or other
property shall be condemned m any proceeding
by virtue of the acts above mentioned, ^r of any
other laws on that subject, the court rendering
judgmentof condemnation shall, notwithstanding
such condemnation, and before awarding such
ship, vessel, or other property, or the proceeds
thereof, to the Unitet? States or to any informer,
first provide for the payment, out of the proceeds
of such ship, vessel, or other property, of any
bona fide claims which shall be filed by any loyal
citizen of the United States, or of any foreign
State or Poworat peace and amity with the United
States intervening in such proceeding, and which
shall bo duly established by evidence as a valid
claim against such ship, vessel, or other property,
under the laws of tho United States or of any loyal
State thereof; but no such claim is to be allowed
in any case where the claimant shall have know-
ingly participated in the illegal use of such ship,
vessel, or othei property. This net is to extend
to all chums which might have been enforced spe-
cifically against such ship, vessel, or other prop-
erty in any loyal Stale wheiein such claim arose.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 move to amend the bill in the
twenty-first lino by striking out the words "all
claims which," and to insert the words "such
claims only as;" so that it will read:
Thai this act shall extend to such claims only as might
ha\t* Imcti enfoic'Hl .speoificnll) a«uiust sucii t-lnp, vossol,
or :xav othor propeiij in an) loyal Ntate wheiem j-ueli claim
The amendment agreed to.
Mr. TRUMIjULL. i move further to amend
the biU by adding the following as an additional
section:
v'in l be it J in thcr aujctcd, Tliata final judgment or dfcioe
In any fuit in tho highc-t court ol law or equity of a Smtc
in winch a dcei-uon on the suit could he had in any case
specified in the twcnty-liltli section of the act entitled "An
act to csfaiili^h judicial cmnts of the United States," ap
proved S'epteinhi'i 17*1), may fx; reexamined ami ic-
VPi-ed or affiimed in the Supieme Court of the United
States, upon a writ of ciroi, a< in said act piovided, jire-
j-pt-cuvc ol the sum oi value ol the matlei in dispute.
The amendment was c«gteed to.
The bill was repoi ted to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment?; v/cre concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and th<  bill to be read n
ihird time. J t was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS. The bill now has a very long
and awkwaid title. 1 will, therefore, move to
amend it by striking out the present title and in-
weriing the following: "Ah tier to protect tin* liens
upon vessels m eeiUm '-a^es, and for ntlmr pur-
poses.".
The motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT SURGEONS OF CAVALRY.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take up a bill
from the House of Representatives, and put it on
its passage. It is a small bill to which the Sen-
atorfrom Rhode Island objected a short time since;
but as he has now got his bill through, I know
he will feel good-natured enough to allow tlus to
pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 753) for the relief of certain
persons who have performed the duties of assist-
ant surgeons in regiments of cavalry. It directs
that physicians and surgeons who have, since the
2d of July last, bc?n duly appointed and com-
missioned as second assistant surgeons in volun-
teer regiments of cavalry, and as such have been
duly mustered into the military service of the Uni-
ted States, and actually performed the duties ap-
pertaining to that office, shall be paid therefor m
like manner and upon like proof as other assist-
ant surgeons of cavalry; but not more than two
assistant surgeons to each regimept shall be al-
lowed and paid for services performed at one and
the same time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PKOPEltTY DEVISED BY CAPTAIN LEVY.
Mr. HARRIS. Before proceeding with the bill
that is the order of the Senate, I will move to take
from the table the joint resolution in relation to
the property .devised to the people of the United
States by Commodore Levy, for the purpose of
offering a substitute for it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. No. 137) in relation to prop-
erty devised to the people of the United States by
Captain Uriah P. Levy, deceased.
Mr. HARRIS. I now offer my amendment, in
the, shape of a substitute.
The Secietary read the amendment, to strike out
all of the resolution after the word " resolved,"
and insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the Attorney General bo authorized and empowered
to dfeoertain the facts in relation to the devise and bequest
aforesaid, and ropoit the same, with ins opinion as to tho
validity of itio tame, and Mich recommendations as he may
think piopcr to make in reference thtueto,to the next (Jon-
giess.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PAY OF A COMMITTEE ChKRK.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move n reconsidera-
tion of tho resolution passed a short time since
with regard to the compensation of the clerk of
the Committee on Military Affairs. It passed
without my observation.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not wish to express any
doubt as to the right of the Senator from Maine
to make his motion; but I inquire whether he
voted with the majority?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been very well
settled that if it passed by a silent vote, and a di-
vision was not made, any person may move a re-
consideration.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand it to be
so settled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the rule of the
Senate, I believe.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose it is competent for
a member who voted with the majority to move
a reconsideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it passes by a silent
vote, everybody votes with the majority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The Chair be-
lieves it is the uniform practice of the Senate that
no Senator is entitled to move a reconsideration
unless he voted with the majouty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was im vote taken.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 do not wish to discuss that
question; but I understand the inle to be different.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clutir will
entertain tin motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i should like to have it
reconsidered, it passed without my observation.
I have some objections to make to i!.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tim motion to
reconsider is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will not be re-
considered. It is certainly a very just measure
towards the gentleman who is clerk of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. It is simply placing
him on an equality with the clcrks of the Com-
mittees on Finance, Printing, and Claims of the
Senate, three other standing committees of this
body, who have been m the receipt, for the last
two years, of some eighteen hundred dollars a
year, without doing, I undertake to say, anything
near the amount of labor that is done by the clcik
of the Committee on Military Affairs. W hy make
fish of one and flesh of another ?
Mr, FESSENDEN. It has been settled for
many years. That is all I can say about it. I do
not understand what the resolution was. I did not
even hear it read. I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the annual compensation of the present
clerk of tho Committee on Militaiy Affairs and the Militia
shall lie, from the commencement of this Congress, the
sam$ as the clerk of the Committee on Finance, or i'lint-
ing, or Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not only changing
an ordinary law, but it is going back and voting
money to a man for work which he has heretofore
performed under regular pay. It is a thing that
has been discountenanced for many years, dtidit
is the introduction of an entirely new thing, for
the last eight years at least, when we settled the
question. The result is, that we shall have a rush
into this body of all the committee clcrks to get
back pay. Now, at this time, when we do not
increase salaries, when we oppose the increase of
salaries in almost every case, to go back and pay
a clerk for services heretofore performed, is very
singular, to say the least of it. He has held thisi
place, and he has, I believe, two, if not three,
sons holding clerkships at tho same time in the
Departments, so that I think the family have been
very well taken care of. I know he is a very good
clerk; but 1 am uttcily opposed to introducing the
principle of thus voting money to a clerk for ser-
vices performed under a regular pay fixed by a
law of the body.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I cannot permit this
occasion to pass without bearing testimony to the
great efficiency and competency of the clerk to the
Committee on Military Affairs, Mr. Callan. I
have known him for the last two years; and every
member of the committee will say that no more
efficient or vigilant clerk could be employed; and
I thmk I may say without the fear of contradic-
tion that no clerk in this body or in the House of
Rcpiesentatives has done as much work as Mr.
Callan has done. It is not only clerical service;
he knows perfectly the whole military system of
the country; he lias twice revised the military
laws of the counti y; his services arc almost indis-
pensable, and thev arc given day and night to the
committee. I think it is an act of simple justice
to give him this salary. In addition to that, I will
state that at the last session the committee were
unanimous in Recommending an -increase of his
compensation. We have by importunity held on
to him from that time to this, although he is to-
day refusing an offer of ^3,000 a year m another
place. I think it is an act of sheer justice to give
him this salary.
Mr. NESMITH. I should be doing injustice
to my own feelings if I withheld my concurrence
from the views that have been expressed by al-
most every other member of the committee in re-
lation to the nhility and fidelity of Mr. Callan,
and the very valuable service lie has rendered the
committee. I am satisfied his place could not be
filled. No man who could be employed in that
capacity could exhibit more intelligence or could
manifest more industry and more fidelity. If there
is any clerk of any committee of this body or the
other House that can earn the salary which is
paid to the clerk of the Committee on Finance
and the Committee on Printing and the Commit-
tee on Claims, I think Mr. Callan is entitled to it;
and, for one, I shal.l very cheerfully vote to give it
to him.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will state another
fact I have no doubt Mr. Callan has saved ten
t:,; .j this increase every session, by calling our
attention to existing laws and preventing abuses
in tho administration of military affairs and in
the War Dcpaitment. 1 have no doubt that he
will save this increase ten times over every session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt that Mr.
Callan lias done his duty; but it is a new princi-
ple that because an officer does his duty in a par-
ticular plsce, that therefore he is to receive for his
services already performed more than his original
contract gave him. [ can only say if he refused
a three thousand dollar place, 1 do not understand
why he should do so, unless his own convenience
and his own interest led him to do wo. It is not
likely that lie would stay here out of patriotism,
when be could render as patriotic services else-
where for higher pay. All that, in my judgment,
L amounts to nothing. It is the principle that I am
^opposed to. As I said before, I have no doubt
