568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
and 1 suppose they arc still to repeat them, only
a little loader. Sir, it was an unwise, not saga-
cious measure. It is one I never thought favor-
ably of, and 3 think a majority of the Senate did
not. I think now is the time to stop it. We have
got consuls enough , and a great many more than
toe want. Why, sir, we have consuls at some
places that we never hear of until they ^>me in
nere in the appropriation bills, places with hard
names,such as your Secretary cannot pronounce,
places that we never heard of before; and extraor-
dinary and extravagant salaries are paid to them.
They go there and find out that they cannot live
there. There is nobody there and nothing to be
done, and if they stay they will starve. [Laugh-
ter.] Then they come here the next year and get
their salaries raised from $1,000 to $1,500, $2,000,
and $3,000.
Mr. President, we have been legislating and we
are legislating on the ground that as long as we
can have machines and run machines to turn out
Treasury notes, it is no matter what we appro-
priate, nor how much. We are making money at
the rate of three hundred thousand or four hun-
dred thousand or half a million dollars a day. If
you go up and see a dozen or twenty women run-
ning machines and turning out Treasury notes,
you would think our resources were inexhaust-
ible*, but, sir, I think a pay day is to come at some
time or other; and I protest against this useless
multiplication of offices. It seems to have been
one of the fallacies that seized upon us all a year
or two ago that the multiplication and increase of
offices and the increase of the salaries was going
a great way to strengthen the count! y and to put
down the rebellion. In my opinion, it is time to
have an economical administration of the Govern-
ment, cutting off useless otEccs; and if you have
anywhere on earth a consulate where there is not
business enough for the man to live on, let him
come home instead of getting up a contribution to
support him, while Congress is compelled to make
an extraordinary appropriation for his support.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator's lecture
would, perhaps, be applicable to the Committee
on Foreign Relations; but it is totally inapplica-
ble to the Committee on Commerce. Why, sir,
those long diplomatic dispatches were not written
for consuls. A consul is a mere commercial agent
to look after the interests of the commerce of the
United States. He is not to read the long dis-
patches of the Secretary of State, and perhaps he
would not understand them if he did. If the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire had insisted on doing
away with three fourths of the foreign missions,
Lwould have voted with him most cheerfully; for
Fbelieve they are utterly worthless; but commer-
cial agents are an absolute necessity. The busi-
ness interests of your country cannot be protect-
ed withoutcommercial agents, Now, sir, heie is
a place the best adapted on the whole Pacific coast
for the fitting out of privateers to prey on our com-
merce, and it is an absolute necessity for us to
have a commercial agent there; and yet the busi-
ness of the office will not support a commercial
agent. Would the Senator from New Hampshire
let your consul starve or leave the place, and let
that port be turned into a port for the express
purpose of fitting out privateers ?
Sir, the Secretary of State did not propose to
put down this rebellion by establishing commer-
cial agencies or by establishing consulates. He
proposed to protect the commerce of this great
nation in that way; to prevent the enemy from
fitting out privateers; and he has done it but to a
certain extent. If the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations had attended to his foreign
ministers with as much care, and they had been
as attentive to the interests of the country as your
commercial agents, you would have fewer pirates
on the ocean than you have now.
Mr. SUMNER. What would the Senator have
me do?
Mr. CHANDLER. I would have him write
long articles. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
from Michigan (because J really am uninformed
on the subject) whether there is the slightest dan-
ger in the world of privateers being fitted out at
this place ?
Mr. CHANDLER. There is, most decidedly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would this place fur-
nish the requisite facilities for such a purpose?
Mr. CHANDLER. As I am informed by Sen-
ators from the Pacific coast, there is every facility
there. The Senators from the Pacific coast, how-
ever, understand that matter better than I do, and
can give a fuller answer to the question.
Mr. LATHAM. What was the question ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire whether there
are any facilities at this place for the purpose of
fitting out privateers; whether there is any danger
of privateers being fitted out there?
Mr. LATHAM. It is a very large port, and
would allow the entrance of the largest man-of-
war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Mexican
Government would take care of that matter.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, there is one
consideration to which no Senator has alluded in
relation to the position which this port occupies
to our Government'at the present time, and to that
point I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
The greater portion of the supplies that our Gov-
ernment is sending to the army in Arizona and in
the western portion of Texas go to this port. They
are shipped to Guayamas, which is at the head
of the Gulf of California, and from that point they
are transported by teams and wagons to the dif-
ferent localities or forts where the troops are. In
the complications between our Government and
France at the present time, and the liability of
being brought into trouble at this port at any time,
it is essential for the Government, for its own
protection in the shipment of its own supplies, to
have a representative there. There is a regular
Une of steamers running between San Francisco
and this port. It is the great depot, so to speak,
for all the goods that are sent from our posses-
sions on the Pacific coast to Mexico?,and a point
of transmission from there. The macadamized
roads in Mexico, that go down through Guada-
lajara and other very large and populous cities,
can be best reached at this port. The question
for the Senate to decide is simply whether they
will close this port entirely, so far as our com-
mercial representative is concerned, or increase
the salary. The experience of this gentleman
has been stated to the Senate, and it shows con-
clusively that no man can live there upon the fees
alone. So far as the argumentj.ised by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire ts concerned, it has
not the slightest application to this port. The
commercial interests of the country absolutely
demand that we should have a representative there.
They are of that complicated character, growing
out of our commerce at that particular port, that
unless we do have a representative there, the com-
merce of our country must necessarily suffer.
But, sir, I will not occupy the attention of the
Senate any longer on this subject. It must be
quite evident to every Senator that this appropri-
ation which is asked for by the chaiinian of tlie
Committee on Commerce is just and proper, and
should be allowed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Mc&si>. Anthony, Arnold. Browning, Oarlile,
Chandler, Claik, Davis, rh\on, Doolittle, Foot, Foster,
Harding, Harris. Ilowaul. Kuny, Lanp of Indiana, Lane of
Kan<?ac, Latham, MoDougall, Monti), Noi?mith, Powell,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull. Turpie. Wall, Wilkinson,
Willey. Wilson of Massachusetts and Wilson of Mis-
soin i—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Fesscnden, Hale, Howe,Pomeroy, Rice,
and Sherman—6.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move, in line eighty-
seven, that the sum of " $412,000," be stricken
out, and <c $414,854 34" inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not be enough.
The Senator now appropriates for a part of the
year 1861-2, also for the whole of 1862-3, and
also for the whole of 1863-4.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will add $1,500 j
to the sum 1 have named.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir: that will not do.
It will be more than $415,750, as the Senator will
see. What is the amount for the first year?
Mr. CHANDLER. One thousand three hun-
dred and fifty-four dollars and thirty-four cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To that must be added
§3,000 for two years. Four thousand three hun-
dred and fifty-four dollars and thirty-four cents
should be added to $412,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move to change
the sum from $412,000 to $416,354 34.
The amendment wss agreed to
Mr. FESSENDEN. Another amendment is
necessary to carry out the object. The word
" Guayamas" must be inserted somewhere in the
body of the bill, after " Matamoras," if you
please, as a place that is not now specified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out " Bo-
livia" from the list of foreign missions. I will
state that I had a long interview last night with
the lately returned minister from Bolivia, and he
informed me that a minister there is as utterly out
of place and worthless as it is possible for a man to
be; that the duties are literally nothing, and that
we have no business to have a minister there. I
move, therefore, to strike it out from the list of
foreign missions as of no consequence to the Gov-
ernment, and one which never ought to have been
established.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes, in line twelve of the bill,
after " New Granada," to strike out the word
" Bolivia."
Mr, SUMNER. I incline to agree with what
the Senator from Michigan says with regard to
the value of this mission; but I have no evidence*
on that subject; and I thmk it would be contrary
to our usage for the Senate to act in a matter like
that without some inquiry at least. We ought to
have some information from the Department of
State on the subject. I do not know whether the
Department of State will desire to keep a mission
there or not. I do not know what we have to do
in Bolivia. I do not know what relations we have
with that Government which it is important to
keep up. The Senator will remember that we did
negotiate a treaty with Bolivia in 1858. I do not
know that there is any occasion for further nego-
tiation now; but still I think the Senate is not in
a condition to act on the matter. I am very glad,
however, that the Senator has made the propo-
sition, because it will have the efFcct, at least, of
calling the attention of the Department of State to
the question. I hope, if there is nothing for any-
body to do there, that nobody will be sent there;
that it will not be turned into a job.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very anxious to save
all the money possible; and as this matter needs
a little inquiry, I am willing to let this bill lie ovei
until the Senator from Massachusetts can ascer-
tain the facts on this matter.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. HALE. '
Massachusetts, while he has that thing under con-
sideration, that he will read Stevens's Travels,
and see how much trouble he was put to to find
the Government of New Granada when he was
sent there.
Mr. SUMNER. I remember the book very
well.
Mr. HALE. I want the Senator to include
New Granada in his inquiries.
OllPER OF BUSINESS—EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that motion for a moment. I move—and I do it
for the purpose of having the matter before the
Senate to-morrow—to take up the Senate bill in
relation to letters of marque, prizes, and prize
goods.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. HALE. I suppose you do; but I hope we
shall.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) It is moved by the Senator from New
Hampshire to postpone the further consideration
of the bill before the Senate in order to proceed to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is, I behove, as
to the order of business. I hope the Senate will
not take up the bill named by the Senatoi from
New Hampshire. I think there is other buMne.ss
that wo had better proceed with before wo  > sulci
take to fake up that bill. However, I shall notsay
anything more on the subject.
Mr. HALE. Let me say this: if there is any-
thing on earth that we ought to take up it is that
bill. Many of your vessels of war are failures.
You have built vessels of war that have gone
down to New Orleans and have to be towed back;
and the Alabama is scourging your commerce on
