THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 8,
Senate, it cannot pass the House of Representa-
tives. Now, I am of opinion that if it passes the
Senate it can pass the House of Representatives.
. Mr. WILKINSON. 1 may be mistaken about
that,
Mr. SUMNER. That is my idea; and on the
whole I think we had better make the experiment.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. X agree with the Senator
from Minnesota. I am a practical man. I do not
believe, practically, that you can pass this bill
through the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives at the present stage of the session. It is
a bill which will necessarily lead to debate both
in this House and the House of Representatives;
and we are now in the last day of the session.
The bill which he proposes to take up, to organize
the Territory of Montana, is a practical measure;
it has passed the House of Representatives*, it
is simply pending in this body, awaiting action
here. We can take it up and pass it. It is im-
portant that it should be passed. The Territory
of Montana^s an important Territory, with great
gold mines in it, and with a large population in
it already.
Mr. GRIMES. Where is it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. North of Utah, taking
what lies east of Oregon and east of Washington
Territory, and north of Utah,and taking a portion
of Dakota, embracing fine gold mines and a large
population. I think it is wiser for us to deal in
practical subjects of legislation than to press
matters which, being opposed in this House and
the other House, it seems to me there is no prob-
ability of passing and carrying into effect.
■Mr.TEN EYCK. lam in fuvorof the motion
of the Senator from Minnesota. I just now voted
to lay the bill introduced by the Senator from New
York on the table. I did it for two reasons. I
was perfectly satisfied that the bill, if persisted in,
would occupy the Senate to the entire exclusion
of all other business before it; and another reason
which influenced my mind was this: from the at-
tention i have given to the bill as submitted by
the Senator from New York, or as proposed in
his amendment, it ignores, in my judgment, the
whole theory upon which we arc carrying on this
war; it ignores the idea of State governments, so
far as the States in rebellion are concerned. It
goes againstthe doctrine that we have always con-
tended for, that we had a right to coerce, and they
hud no right to secede. Without extending my
remarks, these were the reasons that induced me
to vote to lay this bill on the table.
Mr DAVlS. I would inquire whatihe ques-
tion ia that is before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
to postpone the pending and all prior orders, and
proceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that motion of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota will prevail. It is a practical
measure which he proposes to take up; it is a
measure in the course of ordinary legislation, and
it is a measure of necessity, as f am informed by
gentlemen best acquainted with the subject, for
the people within the Territory that is proposed
to be eatabNfchod. It is a measure that has passed
the House of Representatives. The bill which it
is pmposed shall be superseded by it has not
passed either body.
Mr. WADE, jjet us have a vote; we will take
it up, I guess.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. NESM1TH. I tiust that the motion of the
Senator from Minnesota will pievail. There is
very great necessity for the organization of the
proposed Territory. There are to-day from fif-
teen thousand to twenty thousand persons there.
They at;e remotely situated, some five hundred or
a thousand miles from any seat of government.
There have been recent discoveries of rich gold
mines there; and I have no doubt that within the
next four or five months there will be fifty thou-
sand or sixty thousand people there, who will be
entirety without law ur municipal regulation for
their government unless this bill shall pass. A
class of people go there whom it is necessary to
have some regulation to control. I trust therefore
the bill will be taken up for the benefit of the peo-
ple who are there without law and without gov-
ernment.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I do not foiget
that this is the last evening of the session, and i
would not press the consideration of this bill in
opposition to any measure that I regarded indis-
pensable or important for the purpose of carrying
on the affairs of the Government, and especially
those connected with the war. Rut, sir, I do not
justify myself with having so long delayed to
press the consideration of this bill upon the atten-
tion of the Senate. I regard it, as I have said be-
fore, as a very important measure, and 1 desire
and intend to press it upon the attention of the
Senate until some measure that is of a different
character from that which is embraced in this mo-
tion shall be brought before the Senate.
Now, sir, in relation to the bill to organize the
Territory of Montana, if I am correctly informed,
it is a bill of very doubtful expediency, and one
the consideration of which may well be postponed
until another session of Congress. My informa-
tion in relation to the condition of that Territory
is very different from that stated by the Senator
from Oregon;and the mostofwhat i know, I may
say, I derive from the colleague of that Senator,
who informs me that really there are but very
few people there; no settled population there to
be governed by a territorial government. In my
judgment it is quite premature to consider that
bill. But, however that may be, it is a bill that
may well be postponed until another session of
Congress. I regard this bill of great importance,
and i hope the Senate will be willing to consider
it until some measure is brought to us attention
thf^L requires action at the present session.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota
that the Senate postpone the pendingandftll prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of the bill
to organize the Territory of Montana.
Mr. HARRIS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. 1 beg to offerjust this word upon
this motion: 1 shall vote against it, because how-
ever important itmay be to organize a govei nment
for the Territory of Montana, I do conceive and
submit that its impoi tance is utterly insignificant
compared with that oforganizinggovernments for
this large body of people, spread out between us
and the Gulfof Mexico, who for the last two years
have been subject to two rules, a military rule,
which, however well adapted it may be to the gov-
ernment of military men, is utterly unfitted for the
government and regulation of civil society, and
another rule which is utterly hostile to the Gov-
ei nmentof the United States, to whit h we profess
to be loyal. I have felt for the last two years that
if there was one duty pressing upon tjns Legisla-
ture more than another, it was the duty of wrest-
ing that people from these rules ami these domi-
nations. I do not know that it can be done now.
There are indications here, and I do not shut my
eyes to them, that some Senators regard this as
not a beneficent measure,butasqmte the contrary,
and that they are disposed to take advantage of
the late hour in the session to defeat this mc asure.
If they so regaid it, and think that to be their
duty, I suppose it is quite within their power to
do it. I think they will do a wiong, not to the
Government of the United States, for to the Gov-
ernment of the United States it matters but very
little whether military law shall pie vail down theie
or not, but to that people it matters a great deal.
If, however, the indications are unmistakable that
Senators are determined that this measure shall
not pass, then 1 agree with my friend from Min-
nesota and with othei Senatois that we had better
be sensible, and spend the few hours left of this
Congress in doing what Senators are willing shall
be done. But until I see such an indication, I
shall desire to keep this bill before the Senate, and
therefore I shall vote against the postponement at
this time.
Mr. WILKINSON. I merely wish to say that
I shall not controvert anything that has been said
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
or the Senator from Wisconsin, [\lt. Howe,] but
1 offer tins as a practical proposition. I do not
believe that the other is practicable at this late
hour of the session.
Mr. DAVIS. I will remark that the general
principle laid down by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin iseminently just and proper, but I do not think
that the measure he has so much at heart, and
which he thinks so important, would subserve his
purpose. I do not think it would promote it as
much as it might be promoted by another course
of measures and of legislation. The State of Ten-
nessee now is divided between the rebels and the
Union Government, about one half of it in thepos-
session of the Union Government. There is a pro-
visional governor in office there, exercising duty
and power in the city of Nashville. As I under-
stand it, a general election, for the election of a
Governor and a Legislature and other State offi-
cers for the State of Tennessee, has been called
in that State, to take place in August. A bill
passed -the other House yesterday districting the
States of Tennessee and Louisiana into congres-
sional districts, and providing that an election for
members of Congress shall take place in tj|£se
States respectively, and m the State of Tennessee
at the time that the election for her Legislature
and her State officers comes off. That bill is now
upon- our tables; it was reported to the Senate
yesterday; and if my honorable friend from Wis-
consin is desirous to undertake a course of legis-
lation that will give a portion of the people of the
rebel States the benefit of a civil government, now
is the time. Let that bill be taken up after this
bill to organize the Territory of Montana shall
have been disposed of, and let the Senate concur
in the bill that has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives to elect Representatives to Congress
from that State.
I admit the general obligation of Congress to
do what it can towards giving ail the States the
benefit of a civil government, and of a republican
form of government, precisely as that duty was
performed by the General Government in the case
of the State of Rhode Island a few years ago.
There was an insurrection there against the^es-
tablished government, and that insurrection pro-
ceeded to organize another government, to elect
a Governor independent of the Governor who was
then in office under the charter which was the
constitution of Rhode Island, and in obedience to
the laws of that State, and also elected members
of a Legislature antagonistical to and intended to
supersede the Legislature that was then in office.
Application was made by the old government of
Rhode Island to the President of the United States
to suppress domestic violence, according to the
provision of the Constitution; and alt hough Tyler
was the President of the United States, under the
advice of his great premier, Mr. Webster, he ac-
corded to the request of the State of Rhode Island
and recognized the existing government; and the
effect of that recognition was immediately to put
down the insuigents, and to establish peaceably
the old and the constitutional government. Now,
if gentlemen wish this duty to be performed by
the Government of the United States in relation
to the people of any of the insurrectionary States,
here is the opportunity offering in relation to Ten-
nessee; let them pass the bill reoigamzing the
State into congressional districts, and let the Pres-
ident and the Congress of the United States, as
far as they can, reestablish the old constitutional
government of the State of Tennessee within that
portion of the State that is occupied or that may
he occupied by the United States armies, and {
suppose m a few months the effect will be to in-
troduce the old government, the old peaceful gov-
ernment, of Tennessee into the whole of the terri-
tory of that State.
The same state of things exist? in relation to
Louisiana exactly. If the gentlemen want to give
to Louisiana the benefit of a civil government and
displace the military government, which is very
desirable and very proper, let them adopt the same
course in relation to the State of Louisiana, and
here we have then the principle, the just, proper,
and important principle of the Senator from W is
consin put into practical operation. I trust he will
unite with me in my desire and in any effort I
can bring to bear to give to the States of Tenn-
essee and Louisiana the benefit of the old, original,
constitutional government.
; Mr. HARDING. Mr. President, the Terri-
! tory proposed to be organized under a territorial
j government by the bill referred to by the Senator
from Minnesota has not at this time a population
exceeding probably five thousand. During last
summer, m the mining disti ict known as the Sal-
mon river mines, there were probably ten thou-
sand persons. The usual severity of the winter in
that country has induced most of those miners to
leave there and go to the lower country for the
winter. Since last August other mines have been
discovered on Boise river, where there are now
