570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Also that the Senate had passed an act (S.No.
433) providing for the extinction of Indian titles
to lands in Kansas, for the removal of the Indians
from said State, and for procuring them homes
elsewhere; and
An act (S. No. 418) for the removal of the Sisse- j
ton,Wahpaton,Medawakanton,andWahpakoota !
bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for the '
disposition of their lands in Minnesota and Da-
kota; in which he way directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
NEGKO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in or-
der was the motion of tin gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sheffield] to iefer to the Commit-
same way as freemen? In my judgment there is
no good reason for their not being brought into
the service. The Committee on Military Affairs
has devoted much time to this subject, and will
present it in due time to this House in a manner
that will meet, to some extent, the approbation
of the House, I trust. Besides, I think that in the
orderly conduct of proceedings, it is eminently
proper that such a measure as this should be re-
; ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
I think it gross injustice, although perhaps it was
i unavoidable, that the whole time of the House
, should have been almost exclusively occupied by
j the Committee of Ways and Means in the busi-
i ness belonging to that committee, and when that
. -ATI. . ,r , ,, ,ri r> "v .! 13 finished, the Committee on Military Affairs
ee on Military AiiYurs the bil. (II. k. Jlo. 6u) ■. should not be allowed to bring its business bufbr,
to raise additional solch.-rs for the service ot the . the House. I think it but fair now that certm.
Government, on which the previous question had
been called.
The pievious question was not seconded.
Mr. OLIN. I appeal to the gentleman who
has this bill in charge to permit me a word of ex- !
planation, and then I am perfectly willing that a
vote shall be taken on the motion. I have sup-
posed that this is a measure which is eminently i
proper to be referred to and passed upon by the :
Committee on Military Affairs, if the action of ,
that committee, in the business that comes within |
its province, is of any consequence in the ordi- '
nary conduct of the proceedings of this House.
1 do not complain of any gentleman who may
propose to monopolize the duties of that commit- ;
tee. Much less do I complain of my friend from >
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] especially as his j
dutieson the Committee of Ways and Means have j
not been very arduous or very embarrassing, and j
have been attended with such eminent success, i
The Committee on Military Altai is has b^cn in ;
conference with the pi oper authorities m reference
to the policy of this measure; and, although I am j
inn authorized to say what has been done or
omitted to lie done, I may express my individual
opinion on this subject. So soon as the Commit- 1
tee on Military Allans will have an oppoituniry 1
to bring its business before the House, it will pre- \
sent a bill on tins subject, which shall meet the j
approbation of the Administration, and bring the !
question fairly before the House. j
Fur myself, although more than suspected by i
my triciul from Pennsylvania of not being in reg- i
ular standing in the Republican church, tins meas- |
ure, and every other measure calculated to bring |
to the support ot the Government any substantial J
force to aid in suppiessm?: this rebellion, will have I
my emdia! support. f believe that it is wise, m
this exigency of public affairs, to bring to the sup- \
port^of the Government every person capable of!
beaiing aims in the Republic, It is no objection j
that this class of persons—slaves, if you please 
uk' the pioperty of, and subject to the controfof, '
any portion of the citi/.ens of this Republic, who i,
are now m arms against it and seeking us over- I1
throw. at relation, if it be a properly relation,
is no moie sacied than any other properly rcla- !|
tion. riiat property relation must give way, of '
necessity, when the saper'rm demands of the Gov- j
ernment require that not onlj' propetty, but life, i
and evei ythingdear to man, shall be sacrificed, if !
need be, lor the maintenance of the Government.
We have already seen, it we know any thing about ■
what is passing before us, that to some extent the :
boast which we ha\ e hoard on this (looi fur the last '
«ix years has had somethnigot truih in it—nam"! v.
thatthis block populatn-n of the South, which has i
been constantly employed in imsing piovioious
for those engaged m arms against.uc:, has been a
formidable weapon in the hands of the rebels. We :
not only know that, but we also know the more S
significant tact thatihe wholepoiicy ofthese slave- i
holding States, in legard to the status of the negro :
slave, has oeen changed through the exigencies i
of this !ebellion; and that, instead of the rue- of '
law b. itjg that whoever has African blood in his '
vi ins .shall he pie.vuned to !>,• cl bondman and a '
sUwe^mo iul< now m that whoever has any while
hlood in/us rdas shall be presumed to be citizen
and subject to the evjg"m;i.js the r.
vice.
military ses
tl:
i il '.t, turn, is the leasoe, { pray yo'
; cia.->s or the population can rna<b
vje.it to the o\er;hio\v of the Govern
should not be employed for itspicservai
, that if !
subsei- i
', it
on,sub-
nv
ct to all the rules and restraints of war in the l!
ertam
public measures, necessary and important, should
be reported from the Committee on Military Af-
faus,and should engage the attention of the House
j'oi a short time. I have now lying on my desk
a measure i«. commended by the Government, de-
manded by t he sternest military necessity, involv-
ing a large expenditure of money, and which
should be acted on at once, it to be acted on at all.
But I cannot get, the opportunity of reporting it
to this House and asking for its consideration.
After the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Ste\exs] has got through with the ordinary bus-
iness of rhe Committee of Ways and Means—
aiduous enough, to be sure—he is not content
unless he thrusts foiwaid this measuie. It is an
impot tant measuie, [ coneede you, and one which
has my approbation, and wiil have rny support;
but I submit thai it is not half so important as o
variety of measures which the Committee on Mil-
itary A flairs has before it, and is anxious to re-
i port to this House. I will allude to one of those
j measures. The Government has uiged the con-
[ struction of a submai me telegraph cable to connect
j Baltimore with nil the forts along the Atlantic
j coast, to Galveston, Texas, with a branch to New
; Oi leans. The existence ofsuch a cable three weeks
since would have been worth to the Government
more than three times its cost. If the work is to
bo done, it should be done at once, and we should
pass the measure authorizing it. I might mention
a variety of measuies, some of which are to rem-
edy past legislation, and some to correct conceded
and known abuses, which ought to be remedied.
But I cannot report these measures, as the Com-
mittee ot Ways and Means has, by the rules of
the House and with the aid of the 'Speaker, mo-
nopolized most of the time of this session.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have indicated what I
desne in regard to this measure. I desire, first,
that it may be refoned to the Committee on Mili-
tary Allans, and then I desire that that committee
may be allowed to bung forward certain measures
winch, in my judgment, imperiously demand the
action of the House. I hop* Iluuesaid nothing
offensive to the gentleman fimn Pennsylvania. I
would deprecate In * resentment moic than 1 would
that often devils. [Laughter.] 1 say what I do say
in all kindness to him. I suppose he may have
some lingujng ideas in his bosom that the Com-
mittee on .Mi 11 tar y A llmrs cannot be U us ted with a
measure ot tins kind; [ ask him to wait and see.
[ see no other course than to ask the House to
as.Mgn one or two days, if not <>f tins week, at
least of the next, to the consideration ofth.r bdls ;
ptepaied to be repoi ted by the Committee on Mili- I
tary Afiairs. I care but 11n ie about the ieil i once !
of this measuie. if the House choose to consider j
it now, my we)!; 1 am content. |
Mi. STEVENS. The <;ei;Ueman need not be :
afiaid oi hi& e\er exciting my resentment. His
eua: e coiuse has emg- been such that no man of
common piudcnee will lake offense at anything
that he say? here. [Lvaghb r ]
But f am consticumd to sav a word or two in
reply to his remaiks m regaid to th" Committee
of Ways and M>ans. I do not know that the
Committee of Waj'ii and Means have unneces-
sarily tin ust themselves be!b;e this House duimg j
this session. W hem \ er wo have had a matter re- '
feru-d to us, it wa.' our duty to bring it forward. ;
The Committee of Ways and Means have thought !
it their duty to buns; such measuies foiwatd at !
the earliest possible moment and to ask the action '
of the House upon them. We have done so. We j
have sought to occupy no unnecessary tune, but '
we have sometimes offended some gentlemen be- !
cause we have not allowed sufficient time for dis-
cussion, as they thought, before calling the pre-
vious question. Why, then, does the gentleman
say that we have engrossed all the business of
the House? The Committee of Ways and Means
have taken upon themselves nothing but what was
referred to them by this House. Wo have not
originated a single measure which the House has
not commanded us to act upon.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman to yield to me
for a moment, merely for explanation. I did not
charge the Committee of Ways and Means with
unnecessarily occupying the time of the House. I
only said, incidentally, that after that committee
! had occupied the time of the House so long, so
I profitably, and so well, it struck me that the chair-
man of that committee ought not to volunteer to
engioss the duty of the Committee on Military
Allans. The gentleman answers that by saying
i complained that the Committee of Ways and
Means had taken more of the time of the House
than was proper.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman did not so
say he was most unfortunate m his remarks, for I
will venture to say that every member of the House
understood him as lecturing the Committee of
Ways and Means for engrossing so much of the
time of the House.
Now, sir, I have no charges to make against the
Military Committee; I have no desire to obstruct
theiraction; but, sir, this Military Committee have
had before them, refei red to them on motion of my
colleague [Mr. Hickmax]—I believe on the 8th of
December iasr—this \ ei y subject. They have not
acted upon it up to this very day; and now we are
within one month of the close of the session. I
took it upon me, thetefore, in perfect order, in
stiiet accordance with the rules of order of this
House, to introduce a bill upon this subject on
which the Committee on Military Affairs had de-
clined or failed to act heretofore, for the length of
time 1 have mentioned. I do not know what their
motives weic; I do not mean to inquire. 1 do not
know whet-hei they are to be intrusted with an-
other bill of this kind to go into that vortex which
has already swallowed up so many necessary and
important measures. And I warn the itiends of
this measure, if they intend to pass any hill upon
this subject, not to send it back to any commit-
tee. I do not know why they should manifest
so much sensitiveness in relation to the manner
in which the bill comes under consideration. If
the committee have peifected any measure, the
bill is open to amendment, and they hate an op-
portunity of presenting it. They certainly have
not been taken by surpwsc. I gave ample no-
tice of the introduction of the bill; and it ha3
been postponed from time to time foi the pui-
pose of making way fur other measures which
were considered as involving more urgt nt neces-
sities of the country—I mean the financial nieas-
uies upon which we have been engaged, and the
geneial appropriation bills. In all that nine the
Committee on Military A/fans have surely had
time to pei feet a bill on the subject, if they desned
it; and j t so, they now have the opportunity to pre-
sent it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. OLIN". The gentleman will allow mo a
word just there. Since the motion was first made
to postpone this bill, the Committee on Military
Affaiis have not had an opportunity of icpoiting
a single bill to this House, it is ti ue that the dav
before yesterday I did obtain by the unanimous
consent of the House permission to repent one or
two bills, but before 1 had proceeded to the more
impoi tant measures before the committee,the pro-
ceeding- was interfered with and no fui t her time
allowed to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mi. STEVENS. So far as I recollect, the gen-
tleman did not piopose to icport o bill upon this
subject. He had a liitle matter on his hands
wh.ch he said h« wanted to report and ha<othe
action of the House upon — if I remember nght,
a little measure giving away some foi ry m.lhon
dollars to help the State of New Yoik to enlarge
her canals, which in the last yeai have yadded a
revenue of only $5,000,000, and which that poor
State is not able to complete In rseif. and m order
to do that they linked U on to the more plausible
scheme of draining the lakes into the Mississippi
i iver. j Laughtc i\]
Th-' SPEAKER. The Chair must remt.id the
gentlemm that be is not discussing tlm matter
under consideration
