1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
Mr. STEVENS. I am answering the men who
were just before me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is not the amendment before the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, I suppose not; but
he spoke of having a bill to report, and it was to
that I was referring1.
Now, sir, all I have to say is just this: the gen-
tleman says they have had this subject under
consideration, and have consulted the proper au-
thorities upon it. I suppose the gentleman refers
to the Secretary of War; and, if he knows the
handwriting of that gentleman, and will look at
my bill, lie may know whether it has his sanction
or not.
I am not in favor of committing this bill to a
committee which has had the subject so long- be-
fore them without preparing a bill upon the sub-
ject; and I trust that if the House desire to pass
this bill, they will refer it to no committee, but
that they will act upon it now. I agree with the
gentleman from New York that it is proper to
employ this class of people in the manner pro-
posed by this hill.
Since this bill was introduced, in a conversation
with a distinguished captain in the Navy—I refer
to Captain Woodhull—he stated that he had
twenty contrabands on his vessel through some
four or five engagements; that in one of them they
were under fire for five hours, and that he never
saw braver men or bettersoldiers. He was willing
to take a whole crew of them. This he said yes-
terday, in presence of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and some others. 1 merely refer to it as
an illustration of the propriety of f-mploymg this
class of people. And if it be proper to employ
them, it is proper to pass this bill. Let us go mi
and consider it, then. I do not like to renew the
demand of the gentleman from Rhode Island for
the previous question, butunless some gentleman
desires to be heard I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to say a word be-
fore the previous cpiestion is called.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman renew
the call ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I will renew it. Mr.
Speakei , 1 made the iiioimii to commit this bill to
the Committee on Military Affairs, which, during
this whole Ofin^ro^s, have discharged their duly
faithfully, and with no ordinal y ability. 1 think
every gentleman will acoid to them that justice.
It was dm- to them, therefore, that they should
have this bill !>< fore them, because upon them is
devolved the duty of preper.ng the meayu.es st-
inting to mih'ary maters to be brought before tin-
House. To net finally upon tins hill, thmefoie,
without giving the Miliuu y Com nut tee an opj >or-
tunity of considei mg it, and perfecting it aw they
may see propei, m accordance with the usual
practice of the House, would he to do great in-
justice to that committee.
Then I proposed to refer the lull as 1 have in-
dicated, because it was due to the House that
somccommutee should considcra measure of such
importance befoie the final action of the House
should he taken upon it. We have had a great
many bills presented heieupon which the final
action of the House has been taken very hastily,
and sometimes, I fear, verv unwisely. 1 myself
have felt mortified at votes \ have given upon
bills which have been hiought before the House
and pressed to final action without affording any
opportunity for consideration. One day we
thanked Captain Wilkes for certain conduct of
his, which piesented grove questions of national
law. I took that iefjolution upon trust of the gen-
tleman wlio introduced it. But the next day, if
I am not mistaken, the same conduct of Captain
Wilkes wa>- repudiated by the Government. One
day, upon the motion of some gentleman who I
supposed had sufficiently considered the subject,
we voted to place Mr. Mason in close confinement
until Colonel Corcoran should be set at large.
Then we authorized Mr. Slidell to be held for
somebody else—I think for Colonel Wood, of
New York. Nevertheless, they were soon after
given up, upon England's demand.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let rue have a momon'.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I cannot; T am under an
ai ran^mrnf not to yield the fioo.
Mi\ LOVEJOY. 1 only want to ask ^ques-
tion. I would like to know whether the gentle-
man from Rhode Island objected to the course ot
Commodore Wilkes*
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object to the inconsist-
ency of our action. It seems to me, when the
departments of the Government act, that all de-
partments should act in concert, so that in what
we do we may be consistent. We should act in
harmony; so "that our action should go before the
people consistently, and not contradictory, in its
terms and results. In my judgment, all propo-
sitions ought to have concert of action on the part
of the Government, to the end that they may go
before the people with the moral force of having
received the sanction of every part of the Govern-
ment.
I have felt somewhat chagrined at another thing.
While we weie passing a law confiscating the
private property of enemies on land, we found
that the executive department had been nego-
tiating with foieign Powers to exempt private
property, not contraband, from capture upon sea.
Such conduct, such contrariety of action, does not
present this Government in an enviable light be-
foie the nations of the earth. I hope that it will
not be lepeated. I hope that no measure will be
passed hen until it receives the examination and
approval of some standing committee. I have no
doubt that this bill has been carefully prepared by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
but I am unwilling to pass on a measuie of so
great importance until we have had the action ot
one of the standing committees on it. in this
matter we ought to"be controlled by the experi-
ence of the past. I have no intention of passing
acts here that will amount to naught. I do not
want to unnec.ess<nily delay any action that will
tend to aid in suppressing this rebellion. If this
measure be presented in a form in which it will
have the approval of the executive department,
and the approval of a committee ot' this House,
1 will support it. It is only just that measuies
should be leferred to appiopriate committees for
investigation. That is what they are for; and it
is proper /or the House to know whether proposed
laws are consistent with existing laws or not. I
now demand the pievious question. I believe
that the existing statutes authorize the President
to laiso any number of regiments of black m< n
that he may deeni necessary.
Mr. HICKMAN". I ask my colleague to with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I will, if my colleague will
pi omise to renew it.
Mr. IHCKMAN. I will renew n when I have
finished what 1 have to say.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. At the suggestion of the
genilenian A oni Pennsylvania, I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, there is no
committee of this House for whom I have more
profound respect, or in which I have mote confi-
dence, than the Committee on Milnaiy Affairs;
but when 1 take into consideration the leading fact
that on the 8th of Decembei last, now fifty days
gone by, 1 brought this whole subject to the no-
tice of that committee, and tha' thai i ornruit te<- has
not, so fur as this I louse is informed, vet taken
any definitive action mi the matter befoie ns, f
am constrained to h «lie\e that they are reluctant
tognetn ihemeasuic their approbation. And
const quently 1 pwfer that the measure should be
taken into consid< :ut:on by the House, without
the intervention of that c-mimiUe,-.
It may be assumed tha' theie is scarcely a gen-
tleman upon this lioor that nas not come to a con-
clusion witii legal d to the pi op tie ty of the meas- j
ute lor raising negro n ^mients, to be employed i
in this war. I do not ptopof.e to speak on the |
amendment which I have offered ro the bill of my ;
colleague, [Mr. Sti'M.xs,] further than this: it ;
embraces three important subji ct ; for consider- :
tion. The first is tin* propriety of raising neo!(,
or colored regiments foi seven years. The amend- -
ment makes it optional with the President of the ;
United States to enroll any number not exceeding
three hundred re^mmnis. Theauthoi ity isgis<m to ;
that officer by the a mend tin nt to raise three hun- ,
di ed regiment*, if he shall consider it necessary or
proper to do so. It is simply a <;rant of poy/ei , ,
and  t is 'not obligatory on the Preside nt of the
United St'it' to exercise that power. In other i
words, the whole snhj"Ct is left entii'-dy {i ;pend- !
(nt on the exercise of Ins judgment, if he shall j
deem it ne icsnrv to raise one raiment or fifty !
regiments or one hundred regiments or three hun-
dred regiments, he has the power-to do so, pro-
vided this amepdment shall become a law. I pre-
fer to leave it thus, without boasting of my gfeat
confidence in the President of the United States.
It is not necessary that I should express that con-
fidence. Sir, as the Constitution nas made him
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and the
Navy of the United States, I do not propose to
bind him down to a measure which may be, after
full reflection and consideration, deemed injudi-
cious.
I think it will be admitted by everybody, that
if you shall enroll these regiments and place them
in the service, there will be a large surplus of the
black population hanging upon the skirts of the
Government that you will be bound to make pro-*
vision for.
The second section of the amendment I regard
as equally important with the first. It authorizes
the Government to contract for and establish a
semi-monthly line of steamers between New York,
the commercial metiopolis of the country, and the
coast of Aft ica, without binding the Government
down to a single point, [t is the opinion of many
persons better informed than myself, with whom
I have conversed on this subject, that there are
other points not now occupied by colored emi-
grants from the United States, offering larger facil-
ities for colonization than Liberia; and 1 have
thcrefoie left that matter open to the decision of
the President of the United States. The period
has arrived, sir, when commercial intercourse
should be established between this country and
A ft ica. This line of steamers, provided for m the
amendment, 1 think, may be established without
any great cost to the Government,and will open
that commercial intercourse, and at the same time
afioid facilities for trade, travel, and emigration to
a larger extent, perhaps, than could be secured by
another plan.
Mr. CLIN. Let me make an inquiry of the
Chair in reference to the business and the rules
of the House. If this measure could be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and reported
on us expeditiously as possible, what chance is
there for having it acted on before the close of the
.session? I hope the Chair will answer that ques-
tion, because Ins answer will very much control
my conduct.
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to tell what chance there will be for having it acted
on in that case. After the regular older of busi-
ness each day is the call of committees for rc-
poi ts.
Mr. HICKMAN. The section of my amend-
ment to which I have made brief refeience does
not compel the emigration or the removal of any
person. It merely opens the channel of commu-
nication between thiscountryand Africa,of which
persons who desire to emigrate may avail them-
selves.
The third section of the amendment pi ovides for
{i system of education in the rebellious Slates. We
have been taught to believe that this Republic of
on) s n sts upon the virtue ami intelligence of the
people, and we, on this side, of the House espe-
cially, prefer to believe that this rebellion never
could have broken out and become the thing it is
if the poor whites of the South and the coloied
people -if the South had been thoroughly educated.
The bill, therefore, proposes to appiopnate the
pioceeds of the confiscated juopert y ni those States
to education; provided, how«ner, that that educa-
tion jshall teach that liberty is the fundamental
principle of the Government of the Uniied Slates,
and that that education shall be extended to all
p' i sons, without distiueturn of uice, sex, or color.
The discussions which Slave followed the in-
troduction of this bil', and the unsatisfactory de-
lay it encountered while in the keeping of the
Committee on Miiitai y Affairs, induce me to ask
the House to pa.--s upon it now without the inter-
vention of the judgment of that committee. 11 is
u bill the provisions of which are easilj'compre-
hended,and there can be little difficult)? in acting
upon it undoi&tand-ingly now; and 1 do not be-
lieve that with two months more consiueiation^'
did the continuance of the session allow it, the
Committee on Military Alfairs would be able to
mike out a report winch would mateimlly en-
lighten ns upon this subpet.
1 now call the ptrvious question.
Mr. EDWARDS. • I ask the gentleman from
