1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
probably from two to three thousand miners at
work, according to the best information we can
get. In the Salmon river mines there are now
probably one, two, or three thousand miners al-
together.
The Territory included in the boundaries fixed
in the bill contains but little agricultural country,
and there are, probably, not to-day more than a
few dozen families residing within that Territory;
but all the accounts we receive from there show
that the mines are very rich, and that large num-
bers of people intend to go there early this spring.
I suppose the prospects of the Territory are as
good to-day as the prospects of Nevada were the
defy its territorial organization was completed. I
understand that at the time the bill for the organi-
zation of Nevada was passed, there were only a
few hundred people in thatTerntory; but the bill
was passed upon the knowledge which Congress
had that a very large number of persons intended
emigrating to and settling in that Territory in the
next spring, and thatlarge amounts of capital had
been invested there.
As the bill now stands I cannot vote for it, be-
cause it does not include the population east of
the Cnscadc mountains who desire a territorial
organization; but hy a proper amendment I think
the bill can be made a good one. I hope it will be
taken up and amended, and then passed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Oregon, in his estimate of the population, does
not count the people on the eastern slope of the
mountains.
Mr. HARDING. That is so. I know nothing
of* the eastern slope of the Rocky mountains on
this side. I only speak of the western side.
^ Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Delegate from
Dakota estimates the number of miners on the
eastern slope of the mountains as equal to the
numbergiven by the Senator from Oregon, which
would make a population of from eight to ten
thousand persons. I do hope that the Montana
bill will be passed; and that then we shall take up
the bill to enable Nevada and Colorado to form
State governments, and pass them."
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Wilkinson's motion, resulted—yeas 22,
nays 13; us follows:
YEAS—Mo«sr«. Carhlc, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot,
Foster, Harding, Ilarlan, Ilend'-r^on, Hicks, King. Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansa-, Latham, Ne«mtth, Powell,
Richardson. Snul-sbury, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson of Missoui i—22.
NATri—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Grimes., HarrN. How-
ard, Ilowe, Morrill, Pomcroy, Sumner, Tmmbull, Tuiple
Wihnot, and Wilson of Ma^achiHetts—13.
TEIUUTOltY OF MONTANA, OR IDAHO.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 738) to organize the Territory of Mon-
tana waw considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides for establishing a territorial gov-
ernment, with a Governor, a Legislature consist-
ing of two branches, and a judiciary, over the tei-
ritory included within the following limits: com-
mencing at a point formed by the intersection of
the forty-fifth degree of north latitude with the
twenty-seventh degree of longitude wejst from
Washington, thence due west, on the foity-fifth
degree of north latitude, to a point formed by its
intersection with the tjiirty-tlnrd degree of longi-
tude west from Washington; thence due north,
along the thirty-third degree of longitude, to its
intersection with the, forty-sixth degree of latitude
west from Washington; thence along the forty-
sixth degree of latitude to a point formed by its
intersection with the eastern boundary of the State
of Oregon, in the channel of Snake river; thence
south, along the boundary line of Oregon, till it
intersects with the forty-second degree of north
latitude; thence east, along the forty-sccond de-
gree of north latitude, to a point formed by its
intersection with the thirty-third degree of longi-
tude west from Washington; thence due south,
along the thirty-third decree of longitude, to a
point formed by us inteisection with the forty-
first degree of north latitude; thence due east,
along the forty-first degree of noith latitude, to a
point formed by its intersection with the twenty-
seventh degree of longitude west from Washing-
ton; thence due nuith, along the twenty-seventh
degree of west longitude, to the place of begin-
nmg.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
strike out die name of the Territory, and insert
" Idaho." Montana is no name at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope not. I hope there
will be no amendment at all. Montana sounds
just as well as Idaho.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It has no
meaning. The other has.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has a meaning; it refers
to the mountainous character of the country.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARDING. I move to strike out of the
first section all after the words "to wit"in the
fourth line, to the word "the" in the twenty-sixth
line, being the boundaries of the proposed terri-
tory, and in lieu of the words stricken out to in-
sert:
Beginning at a point in the middle channel of the Snake
river, where the northern boundary of Oregon intersects the
same ; then following down said channel of Snake river to
a point opposite the mouth of the Koos'cooskia or Clear-
water river; thence due north to the forty-ninth parallel of
I latitude; tiiencc east along said parallel to the twenty-
: seventh degree of longitude west of "Washington ; thence
1 bouih along said dcgiee of longitude to*the noithein bound-
ary of Colorado Teri itory; thenee west along said boundary
to the thirty-third degieeof longitude west of Washington ;
thence norili along said degree to the torty-s>econd paiallel
oflatitudo ; thence west along said parallel to the eastern
boundary of the State of Oregon ; thence north along said
boundary to the place of beginning.
The amendment was agreed to.
The biil was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I renew the
amendment to change the name from "Montana"
! to " Idaho."
I Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the bill has already
| been amended, and will have to go back to the
j House of Representatives, I do not care much
; about the name; and if it pleases my honorable
| friend from Massachusetts to call it Idaho instead
| of Montana,! am willing to yield tohissuggestion.
' Mr. HARDING. I think the name of Idaho
| is much preferable to Montana. Montana, to my
, mind, signifies nothing at all. Idaho, in English,
signifies "the gem of the mountains." This is a
mountainous country, and the name Idaho is well
understood in signification and orthography in all
that country; and I prefer it to the present name.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the lull to lie road a third time. The bill was
read the third time.
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as
follows**
: YEAS—Me?«r?. Anthonv. Chandlci, Ctnik, Cowan,Da-
j vis, Duolmle, Foot, Fo-ter, Hatdnnr, Hailan, Harris, lien-
darson. Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Nesmith, Pomeioy, Ilice, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wil-
kinson. Wiliey, and Wil-ou of M<i>' :ieliusetts—25."
N\YS—\Icssis. Caihle. Dixoti, Grime-, Howard, King,
Powell, -ltiehard&on, Saul-bin v, Tmmbull, Turpie, Wii-
; mot, and Wilson of Missouri—1-2.
So the bill was passed.
The title was amended by striking out " Mon-
tana" and inserting " Idaho."
CONTRACTS FOR NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 115, reported by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] from the Committee on the
: Judiciary.
! The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
' lution (H. R. No. 115) authorizing the Secretary
j of the Navy to release certain penalties was con-
! sidered as in Committee of the Whole, its pur-
1 pose is to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to re-
j lease and discharge the penalties, or the provisions
i in thenatureof penalties,in certain cases ofunful-
| filled contracts with the Navy Department,jnade
'l prior to the proclamation of the President estab-
i! lishing blockades of the southern ports, and to the
1 several ads of Congress imposing additional du-
ll ties upon domestic and foreign pi oducts, vvheiein
Si by reason of these acts and the failure of the Gov-
|j ernment to pay according to the prescribed terms,
i! parties have been obstructed and prevented from
a proper fulfillment of the contracts, to the end
| that these accounts may be settled and adjusted
i on terms of equity and justice.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
strike out all after the resolving clause of the res-
olution, and to insert:
That the yecrclary of the Navy be, arid lie isherefoy, au-
tlioi ized to adjust and settle the claims ol contractor tor
i u.ival «upphe-, who, dunng the last fiscal } ear, endmg30th
June, 18o2, have furnished to the Department more than
one hundred per cent, above the quantities specified In
their contracts and without default therein; and for the par-
pose of hearing said claims may associate with-theehiefbf
the bureau with which the contract was made, the chief of
any other bureau, subject to an appeal to said Secretary
from their decision : Provided, That no eontractor shall be
allowed except upon the excess over the stipulated .quan-
tity, and one hundred percent, in addition thereto, and upon
puch excess not more than sufficient to mafee'ttye price
thereon equal to the fair market value, of the supplies at the
lime and place of delivery; nor shall any contractor be al-
lowed any amount under this section unless there has beei^
an actual Ions to the contractor upon the whole contmoi:
Jind provided further, That all claimants under any such
contracts shall present their claims t6 the Department
within six months after the passage of this joint resolution,
or be forever barred trom any equitable claim on account
of said contracts.
Btc- 2. Ami he it further resolved, That the chief of ar^y
bureau of the Navy Department, in contracting for naval
supplies, shall be at liberty to reject the offer of any peison
who, as principal or surety, lias been a defaulter m any
previous- contiact with the Navv Department. Nor shah
parties who have failed as principal ot sureties in any for-
mer contiact be received as sureties on other contracts;
nor shall the copartners of any firm be leceived as smetles
foi such fiim or for each other; nor, in contracts with the
same bureau, shall one contractor be received as surety for
another; and every contract shall require the dehveiyofa
specified quantity. And no bids havim* nominal or ficti-
tiou- prices shall be consideied. That if more than one hid
be offered by any one paity, by or in the name of his or
their cleric, partner, or other p'ers.011, all such bids may he
reacted ; and no person shall be received as a contractor
who is not a manufacturer of or a regular dealer in the
articles which he offers to supply, and who has not a license
as such nmnufacuner or dealer. And all persons offering
bid>> shall have the light to be present when the bids are
opened, and inspect the same.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be if further resolved, That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and he 1- heioby, authorized to release and
discharge the penalties, or the provisions in the nature of
penalties, 111 certain eases of unfulfilled contracts with the
Bureau of Constiuction, mid of Provision-sand Clotluns:, of
the Navy Dcp<utmcnt. made hy Nathaniel W. Coffin, Wil-
liam Lang, Hemy Newton, Baxter &. Sumner. andTilton,
VVheelwnght & Co., for the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
18-32, made prior to the proclamation of the President estab-
lishing the blockade of the .southern ports, or to the several
acts of Congress passed subsequent, thereto imposing addi-
tional duties upon domestic nud foreign products, wheiein,
by reason of said acts and failure of the Government to pay
accoidmg to the prescribed teuns, parties have been ob-
structed and prevented Horn a proper fulfillment of the
same, to the end that these accounts may be settled and
adjusted on terms of equity and justice; and in the settle-
ment of such accounts there shall be associated with the
chief of the bureau in which the contract was made the
chief of some other buieau of the Navy Department, and
their decision shall be passed upon, modified, abridged, re-
jected, orappiovcd hy the Sccietary of the Navy, as in ius
judgment the law and justice shah require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint res-
olution to be read a third time. The joint resolu-
tion was read the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH IIOUSENElt.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate take up
for consideration House bill No. 725, to grant a
pension of eight dollats a month, during her wid-
owhood, to Elizabeth Housener.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that Elizabeth Housener, of New Philadel-
phia, Ohio, widow of Christian Housener, late a
piivate in company B, fifty-first regiment Ohio
volunteer infantry, shall be entitled to a pension
of eight dollars per month, to commence from the
1st of'November, 1862, and to be Continued dur-
ing her widowhood.
Mr. FOSTER. There is a report in the case
if any gentleman wishes to hear it. It is very
short.
Several Senators. All right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordcicd to a third reading, lead the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM. TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridgk, its Cjerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill (No.
732) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 18G4; in which it requested the concur-
rence of thesSenate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the Honse"of Representatives had signedthe
(| following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
• the signature of the President pro tempore:
A l)iii (S. No. 359) to reorganize the courts in
the District of Columbia; and
A biil (S. No. 532) to define the powers and
