1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S,
no difference whether they have forty thousand
oronehundred and twenty-seven thousand people.
I think a few years ago the number required for a
Representative was limited to thirty thousand. It
has increased gradually: but that has nothing to
do with the Question.
Mr. LATHAM. We admitted Oregon when
it was conceded that she only had sixty thousand
people.
Mr. RICE. We admitted Oregon when it was
conceded that she had not over sixty thousand,
and every member who voted for that bill knew
she had not forty thousand. Florida was admit-
ted when she had not ten thousand voters. It is
simply a question under the Constitution whether
we will take into fellowship a State that is loyal
and willing to abide by the Constitution, without
regard to the number ot inhabitants. 1 do not care
whether the Territory has ten thousand or one
hundred and ten thousand, I will vote for it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We shall have to read
the Senator from Virginia out of the Democratic
party [laughter] on this as on some other ques-
tions. If he will look at the discussion in this
body on the admission of Michigan into the Union,
he will find that on this very question the Demo-
cratic and the Opposition party divided. Mr. Bu-
chanan, in that discussion, speaking for the Dem-
ocratic party, stated that he could not see why
eight hundred American citizens were not as much
entitled to a State government as eight hundred
thousand.
Mr. CARLILE.' That is not the first thing
Mr. Buchanan could not see.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. He spoke for the
Democratic party, and it was sanctioned by the
Democratic party.
Mr. RICK. I am in the party.
Mr. LAN 13, of Kansas, [to Mr. Rice.] You
and 1 aie in the party,
Mr. RICE. i am.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. Mr. Buchanan said
that the only questions the Government should
ask were: are you willing to relieve the Treasury
of the burdens of a territorial government; are
you able to support a State government? That,
was the doctrine of the Democratic party, and
about that time, or shortly after, there was another
motto of the Democratic party that the Senator
from Viigmia has forgotten, which was that in
time of war we should stand by the Admmistta-
tion, right or wrong. How often did I enunciate
that upon the stump m 1846, 1847, and 1848!
I remember, when a Democrat in good standing
in the party, participating in a public meeting at
Julapa, a Democratic meeting, where the speech
of Mr. Cor win was discussed, and we passed i evo-
lutions on that occasion in which we denounced
him and those who refused to vote aupplten as
traitoiis to the country. That was the voire of
tin' Democratic party in 1846, 1847, and 1848.
How chaneed the tone now!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of (lie Senator from Vir-
ginia, JMr. Carljle.]
The amendment w. s rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the language of the
amendment oftVted by the Senator troin Virginia;
and I move that the number of people shall be
sixty-five thousand, instead of one hundred and
twenty-seven thousand people. I move in line
five of the first section to insert after the word
ii themselves:5*
Whenever, by actual enumeration, the >aid Terntory
shall contain, within the boundaries herein described, a
resident population of sixty-five thousand.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for n third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays on
tlit; passage of the bill; and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I am constrained to vote against
this bill, and 1 wish in one woid to state the rea-
sons why I am compelled to do it. In the first
place, there is no evidence before me, nor before
the Senate it seems to me, that satisfies my mind
that there is population enough m this proposed
State of Nevada to support a State government;
and 1 think itisoneof thecruelestrhingsthatcan
be done by Congress to impose on an impover-
ished people the burden of supporting an expens-
ive Slate government. 1 am aware, and I think
all who have endeavored to inform themselves as
to the character of the population of Coloiudo and
Nevada know, that that population is in a great
degree of a transitory character. The families
to which the citizens who compose those Territo-
ries belong, are residing in the old States, and the
males have gone there for,the purpose of better-
ing their fortunes by working in the mines. They
are not a permanent population to a great extent,
and they have no fixed wealth that can be prop-
erly called upon to support a State government.
That is the idea that I have, and there are no data,
no petition from the Legislative Assembly, no pe-
tition from any i expectable number of the people,
so far as I know, to assure me to the contrary, or
to ask me to vote for this bill. With my present
conceptions of the character of the population, of
the amount of wealth in the Territory, and with
my knowledge of the burdens that are immedi-
ately imposed upon a sparse population whenever
a Territory is erected into a State, I cannot vote
for the bill.
Mi*. President, there is not the slightest analogy
between the proposed State of Nevada and the
State of California, to which the Senator from that
State has alluded. That State is not only a mining
State, but it is a great commercial State. If she
had been obliged to rely for the support of her
State government solely upon the productions of
her mines, or upon the fixed wealth which was in
connection with her mines, she probably would
have experienced a great many inconveniences in
supporting her government that she has not ex-
perienced in consequence of the wealth that was
poured into her lap through the golden gate of
San Francisco. Therefore I say we should not
be governed in our conduct in u-gard to this bill
by supposing there is any analogy between the
case of Nevada and the case of California.
Mr. 111CE. 1 understand that the Governor of
the Territory is anxious foi the passage of this
bill, h is not to admit that Tcnitory as a State;
but this is a mere enabling act. It is not for the
Senator from Iowa, or any othei Senator, to judge
of the time when they are able to defray the ex-
penses of a Stale government. This is a mere
enabling aet to allow the people of that Territory,
whenevei they aic satisfied that they are able to
assume the responsibilities of a State, to enter
into the Union as a State. 1 recollect the State of
Iowa was quite as anxious when that was a young
Mr. D&OLITTLE. Will my friend from Min-
nesota allow me to state a fact from a report which
I hold in my hand ?
Mr. RICE. Three or four of them—any
amount.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There arc invested in the
mills, working the mines of Nevada Territory
now 
Mr. GRIMES. What do you read from?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. From the report of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. Where did they get the facts
from ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They have a long detail
of facts here. They say:
The (inure cost o! the nulls m u^c In the Territory in
Au«u-t la-t w:u> £fi.200,(K)0, and the monthly yield from
tiie'imneh lb $\M)Ou,OOih3'
That is not aTeriitory to speak about being a
very impoverished Terntory! I do not wish to
take any time to make a speech.
Mr. RICE. 1 thank my fiiend from Wiscon-
sin for the explanation he has made. The leceipts
ft om Nevada Ten itory now me one hundred fold
over and above those of Iowa when she was a
Teiritory; one hundred fold over the products of
the State which i in part lepresent. it is not a
question for us to decide, as to the ability of the
people to meet the expenses of their government
when the Terntory shall be organized into a State.
This bill merely leaves the people of that Teiri-
tory to say when they are ready to defiay those
expcnses;'and the quicker they ask for admission
under this enabling act, the better for the entire
country, because then they relieve the General
Government of all appropriations for them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 24, nay 16;
as follows: t
YEAS—Messis, Chandler, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot, liaulinjr, llarlan. H.uiis, Henderson, lIo%-
aul. Lane of Indian.i, Lane of Kansas?, Latham, Morrill,
Nfe-umh, t'omoioy, Itice. Sunnier, Ten Byck, Wade, Wil-
kinson. Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Carlile, Davis, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Howe, Kins, Powell, Richardson, Sauls-
bury, Trumbull, Turpie, Wall, Willey, and Wil&on of Mi3-
souri—16.
So the bill was passed. *
TREATY WITH PERU.
Mr. SUMNER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 554) to carry into effect the
convention between the United States and the re-
public of Peru, signed at Lima on the 12th of Jan-
uary, 1863, for the settlement of claims, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 554) to cany into effect
the convention between the United States and the lepub-
lic ot Peru, signed at Lima on the 12th of January, 1863,
for the settlement of claims, and the Moire's amendments
thereto, having met, alter full and free eonfeienee have
agreed to recommend, and do lecommend, to their respect-
ive Houses:
That the Housp recede from their said amendments, and
agree to the said Senate bill, amended to read as follows:
Page 2, at the end of line two, strike.out" five" and insert
" four;" same page, m the third line, after the woid " thou- 
sand" ins-crt " five hundred same page, at the end of line
three, strike out " five" and insert" foursame page, In
line four, after the word "thousand" insert the words" fivs
hundred." CHARLES SUMNER,
IRA HARRIS,
THOMAS u. nrCKS,
Managers on the j ait of the Scnaifl.
WILLIAM P. SHEFFIELD,
D. W. GOOOH,
R. CONK.LING,
Managers on the part of the HoiiSB.
The report was concurrcd in.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone all other
business, and consider House bill No. 2. It is a
private bill for the relief of J. J. Lints,
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator from Kansas
if he will not give way to permit me to take up a
bill?
Mr. POMEROY. I give way.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up a bid to
enable the people of Colorado to come into the
Union as a State.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 523)
to enable the people of Colorado to form a con-
stitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States.
Mr. WADE. I will state to the Senate that
this bill in its frame is precisely the same as the
one that has just passed. I believe there is no dif-
ference whatever, except in the boundaries and
name, between this bill and the one just passed;
and 1 do not know but that we might dispense
with the reading of it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It has been read.
The I3RESlDENT/jro tempore. The Chair will
inform the Senator that the bill was before the
Senate on a former occasion, and was read, and
is now before the Senate, the question being on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have bsen endeavoring
to get the floor all evening for the purpose of mov*
ing to take up House bill No. 768; and as I think
we have made States and Territories enough for
one session of Congress, f move to postpone the
bill under consideration, and all other bills, for the
purpose of pioceedmg to the consideration of the
bill of the House of Representatives (No. 768) to
provide for the election of Representatives in
Congress from the States of Tennessee and Lou*
isiana.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
tak> n, resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YKA3—Me-sr-s. Anthony, Clark, Davis, Dixon, Fessen-
U'.I'oot, Fostei, Ham*, Itowe, King, Morrill,
T 'iiubull, Wiileyj Wilmot, and Wilson of Massachusetts
- -Jo
VAYS—Me s>r«. Cathie, Cowan, Doolittle, Harding, Har-
l-ii, Henderson, Hieks Howard. Lane of Indiana, Lane of
K msas, Latham, Pomeroy, I'ow ell, Richardson. SauUhury,
Sumner, Ten Ejck, Tuipie, Wade, and Wilkinson— 20.
The motion ofMr.TRUMBULi. was not agreed tcS
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question,
recurs upon ordering to be engrossed for a third
reading the bill before Senate, organizing a
-State government for the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desiie to make a re-
port from a committee of-conference.
