i86a.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO:
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
received as having priority.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I submit the following
report:
The committee of confcrence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
770) to amend an act entitled "An act to piovide internal
revenue to support the Government and pay intere&ton the
public debt," approved July 1,1862, and tor other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's sixth and seventh amendments, and agree to the
same with the following: page 8, section one, in hneseven,
strike out all afier the woid " law" down to and including
the words '• eating-hou^e" in line fourteen, and in lieu
thereof insert: "but nothing herein contained shall author-
ize the f>ale of any spirit*, liquors, wines, or malt liquors
to be drank on the premises: Provided, That no person
licensed to keep a hotel, inn, or tavern shall be allowed to
sell any liquois to betaken otf the premises, and no person
licensed to keep an eating-house shall be allowed to sell
spiiituou-? or vinous liquois. And no person who lias taken
out a license to keep n hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-house
shall bo requued to t.ike out a licence as a tobacconist be-
cause of any tobacco or cigars furnished in the usual course
of business as a keeper ot a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-
house."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
thiiueih amendment of the Senate, and asjree to the same
with the following amendment: pace 26, line twenty-four,
after the word <coil" insert "distilled spirits, cotton or
woolen fabric1!."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's lorty-fifth amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: at the end of the said Semite
amendment add the word "dollars."
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's forty-seventh amendment, and agree to the^ame.
That the Senate recede trom their fitty-first and fifty-sixth
amend merits.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the llou>e to the thirty-first section of the
bill, and agree to the same.
W.' P. FESSENDEN,
EDGAR COWAN,
VV. T. VVILLEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
v THADDEUS STEVENS,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
S. HOOPER,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was concurred m.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States,by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 359) to reorganize the courts in
the District of Columbia, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 393) concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and prize goods;
A bill (S. No. 532) to define the powers and du-
ties of the levy court of the county of Washing-
ton, Disti ict of Columbia, in regard to roads, and
for other purpose*;
A bill (S. No. 546) for the relief of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac I.
Stevens;
A bill (S.No. 506) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more certain
and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes*,
A bill (S. No. 574) supplementary to an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of persons for damages
sustained by reason of depredations and injuries
committed by certain bands of Sioux Indians,"
approved February 16, 1863;
A joint resolution (S.No. 117)givingthethanks
of Congress to Major General William S. Rose-
crans, and the officers and men under his com-
mand, for their gallantry and good conduct in the
battle of Murfreesboro', Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 132) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title to
certain property in the city of Denver, Colorado
Territory, for the purposes of the branch mint
located in said place.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on ordering the bill (S. No. 523) to enable
the people of Colorado to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States, to be engrossed for a thud reading.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading:, and was rea-' the third time.
Mr."TRUMBULL and Mr. SAULSBURY
called for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill^ and they were ordered.
t Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state, before the
bill passes, that there is no sort of evidence be-
fore the Senate, not a statement from anybody as
to the population of this Territory. It is passing
througn as a matter of course. I do not know
that there is any way of preventing it. It seems
it is only necessary to present a bill here for the
organization of a State government to have it or-
ganized. I wish to state the fact that there is no
statement before the Senate as to the number of
people in the Territory of Colorado; and if the
question of population is to cut any figure in the
admission of States we ought to have some inform-
ation on the subject. If, when a bill is presented
here for the admission of a region of country as
a State into this Union—a matter which used to
be considered of considerable importance—it is to
pass as a matter of course, then it is unnecessary
to makeany inquiry upon the subject. If the time
has come when a district of country, without pop-
ulation sufficient for a county, is to be admitted
as a State with two representatives on this floor,
equal to the great State of New York or any other
State, and if this body is prepared to admit as
States regions of country without any evidence
whatever as to their population, so be it. I called
for the yeas and nays that I might record my vote
against the admission of States in this way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not take up time
in reply to my honorable friend from Illinois. I
wish I had half an hour to devote to that question.
I desire very much to reply to him, but I prefer
to vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY, Mr. President, the policy
now-a-days seems to be rapidly to admit new
States into the Union; to admit Territories in ref-
erence to whose population, in reference to whose
extent, we scatcely have any information, and to
reduce sovereign States of the Union to the situa-
tion of subject provinces. I rise not with the ex-
pectation of saying anything that can 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware will suspend his remarks to receive
a message fiom the House of Representatives.
MESSAGE 5"ROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 155)
respecting the compensation of the judges, &c.,
under the treaty with Great Britain, and other
persons employed in the suppression of the slave
trade; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate. ^
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 555) to in-
corporate the National Academy of Sciences.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate (No.
123) to expedite the printing of the President's
message and accompanying documents, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
PRINTING OF MESSAGE AND DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. *If the Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me, I should like to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider the joint
resolution to expedite the public printing which
has just been returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives with an amendment. It is intended to
introduce some economy, and it has been consid-
ered in the Committee on Printing of the Senate,
and m'*ets their assent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Delaware, that wdl
be considered.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. No. 123) to
expedite the printing of the President's message
and accompanying documents, which was to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the reso-
lution, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That instead of furnishing manusenpt copies to eaeb
Hoine of Congress., the head&of the seveial Departments of
Government be jeqiured to furnish the Superintendent of
the Public Punting with copses of the documents usually
accompanying their annual i oporto on or before the I*t day
of November o( each year; whose duty it shall be to punt,
in addition to the number now requited by law, two thou-
sand copies for the u&e of the Senate, and thousand for
the use ot the House, in volume^ (bound in the u-'iial man-
ner) ofconvenient size, and to deliver the dame to the proper
ofiicer of each House, ri>pectivcly, on oi before the third
Monday in December of each year, ft shall aKo be his; duty
to print for the use of each of said heads of Departments one
thousand copies $f thetrjaidreports proper; an^fo^thewe
reports, respectively. And it shall not -be ^tawfuJ for said
Superintendent to print any greater number of sakl reports,
nor the reports of heads of any. bureauto their respective
superiors, unless directed to do so by either House ofCoiir
gress. ' " Z
Sec. 2. Jlnd be Ufurther enacted) That liereaftertheffrjjnt^
ber of any bill or joint resolution ortfersed or required;^
printed by either the Senate or House of Representative*^
under any rule of either House, shall riot exceed six hun-
dred unless specially directed by'tlie House orderifigthe
same. - ?
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the T/easmy to furnish a condensed
statement of the aggregate amount of the exports to, and Im-
ports from, foreign countries to the Superintendent of the
Public Printing, on or before the 1st day of November of
each year, who shall print and bind as soon thereafter .as
practicable ten thousand copies thereof, to be distributed
as follows, namely : the usual number (one thousand five
hundred and fifty) for the two Houses of Congress j three
Hundred copies for the Treasury Department; two thousand
for the use of the members of the Senate; and six thousand
one hundred and fifty copies for the use of the members of
the House of Representatives.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That six thousand copies
of the " Commercial Relations," annually prepared under
the direction of the Secretary of State, be printed and dis-
tributed as follows,namely: the usual number (one thousand
five hundred and fifty) for the Houses of Congress; foifr
hundred and fifty for the State Detriment; two thousand
for the use of the members of the Senate; and three thou-
sand for the use of the members of the House of Represeuta- .
tives.
Sec. 5. JJnd be it further enacted, That all lithographing
and engraving, where the probable cost exceeds shall
be awaided to the lowest and best bidder for the interest of
the Government, alter due advertisement by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted^ That the form and stylo
in which the printing ordered by either House ot Congress,
or by any of the Departments, bhall be executed, and the
size ot type to be used, shall he determined by the Superin-
tendent of Publ ic Printing, having proper regard to economy
and workmanship.
Sec. 7. JJnd be it further enacted, That all laws or parts
of laws conflicting with the above provisions be, and they
are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the joint resolution of the
Senate.
The amendment was concurred in,
MESSAGE FttOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announce*! that the
House had concurred in the resolutions of the
Senate concerning foreign intervention in the ex-
isting rebellion.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments oftlie Senate to the
following bills of the House:
A bill (No. 551) to equalize and establish the
compensation of the collectors of thp, customs
on the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers;
A bill (No. 599) relating to the validity of deeds
in public squares and lots in the city of Wash-
ington;
A bill (No. 615) to amend an act entitled "Anaet
to provide for the colleetiorcof duties on imports,
and for other purposes," approved July 13, 1861,
and an act entitled "An act to confiscate property
used for insurrectionary purposes,"approved Au-
gust 6, 1861, and other acts on that subject; and
A bill (No. 738) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Montana. [Idaho.]
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 554) to carry
into effect the convention between the United
States and the republic of Peru, signed at Lima
on the 12th of January, 1863, for the settlement
of claims.
The message also announced that the House of.
Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. *770)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government and
pay interest on the public debt," approved July
1, 1862, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bill and
joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 424) to amend the act entitled "An
act to establish and equalize the grades of line of-
ficers of the United States Navy," approved July
16, 1862;and
A joint resolution (No. 1^37) in relation to prop-
