576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Mr. MALLORY said: 1 desire to state as a
reason for my motion that I am informed that Mr.
Traik was cailed home yesterday to attend the
marriage of his daughter. I know every member
of the House will consider that a sufficient excuse.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I did not hear the
name of my colleague, Mr. Blair, cailed. I de-
sire to move that he be excused on account of
sickness. He left the House to-day indisposed,
and requested me to state that he was notable to
remain in attendance 1 move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it will he in order to move that all
those who were excused upon a previous call on
account of sickness, shall be excused now r
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Samuel T. Worcester. No excuse offered.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to excuse Mr.
Granger, of Michigan, as he is now upon the
floor.
Mr. KELLEY. We will do so, upon the con-
dition that he will let us know how he got into
the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not know. I cannot
say whether he entered the Hall before or after
the doors were closed.
The motton was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allen, ofOhio,
and Mr. Arnold, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 26, noes 61.
vSo the House refused to adjourn.
Hendrick B. Wrigiit.
Mr. BAILY. Mr. Wriuht is absent on ac-
count of sickness. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. WILSON. My colleague, Mr. Vanokvkr,
is absent with Ins regiment. 1 move that he be
excused.
Air. HOLM AN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mitchell and
Mr. Low were appointed.
The Housodivided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty, noes none,
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mi. COLFAX. I call for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Toilers were ordered ;and Messrs. Holman and
On a.mb f ul ain were appointed.
Tin: Ifouse divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 1-1, noes 7.
So the yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, or a question of privilege, 1 do not
exactly know which, but my proposition is that
the Chair call in the passes. 1 discover by the
recoid that many gentlemen are reported as pres-
ent who are probably absent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that lie
did give passes to g-ontlemen who had answered
to tin ir names. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Yallan'digham] raised the point of order, winch
was sustained by .'he Chair, that the Chair had
no power to give passes, and since then the Chan
}ms stopped giving passes, it is the duty of the
Dooi keeper to keep the doors closed, and the Chair
has no more control over him than anybody else.
Mr. ASHLEY. Do 1 understand the Chair to
say that he a:ave parses to gentlemen to <ro out of
the Hall?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mi. ASHLEY. I ask for a pass that 1 may on
up into the gallery to see some ladies. rLauirh-
I he SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
thai a sufficient excuse.
#Mr. V A LL A N D1GI JAM. That is outside of
oui lines, [LuUglitei.]
The question was taken on Mi. Wilson's mo-
tion; and it way derided in the affirmative—yerts
"t v n ofl. . .. iv ii .
78,  cty* 30;
i follows:
YV \S--Me->.r< Aldneh, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ha-
ke., Bu.wur, Benrnan. Bingham. Blake, William G. Brown,
BiUtiiilon. Campbell, Chambei lam. Claik. Clements, Col-
J<t\. O i -field. Cutler, Da vi-. i),uvls. Putin, Edueiiun, Rlinr,
l/i\. Fenton, Samuel C, Fe^endi it Thomas- A. D. Fe^cu-
don, Fiune tot, Fiank, Cooch, Coodw in, Ilaiii-^oiu Hick-
man, HutWiiiis. Julian, Kellej, William Kellogg, Knapp,
Lansing, Low, McKean,McKnight, MePherson, Mitchell,
Anson P. Morull, Justin S. Mortill, Nixon, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H Rice,
John H. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Smith,
Stevens, Stratton, Fiancis Thomas, Tiimble, Trowbiidge,
Van Horn, Van Wyek, Walker, Wallace, Washbui ne,Web-
ster, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windom—78.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, Biddle, Cobb, Fiederick A. Conklmg, Cox, Punlap,
Grider, Haisht,IIolman, Johnson, Kerrigan. Mallory.Moor-
head, Noble, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, James S. Rollins,
Shiel, Stiles, Vallandighatn, Vooihees, Wadswoith, Chil-
ton A. White, Wickhffe, Woodruff, Worcester ami Yea-
man—30.
So Mr. Vandever was excused.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. PENDLETON. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pendleton
and Coltax were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 23, noes 2.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 56, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Aldiieh, Arnold. Babbitt, Beainan,
Blake, William G. Brown, Buflinton, Coliax, J)awes, JDi-
ven. Dunn, Edgciton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Thomas A. D.
Fe.-^endon, Fianehot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Grider,
Harrison. Hutching Julian. Killmger, Lan&ntg, Low, Mc-
Kean, MeKmght.MePhert-on, Mooi head, Anson P. Morrill,
Nixon. Timothy G. Phelps-, Pike, Pometoy, Porter, Potter,
Alexander 11. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Shank*, Sheffield. Shellabatgei, Sloan,
Sliailon, Tumble. Trowbmlye, Van Horn, Verree, Wash-
bui lie, Wlnvlei, Wilson, and Woiee^tei—jfi
NAYS—Mc^is. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, A*hley, Baker, Baxter, Biddle. Bingham, Campbell,
Chamberlain, Clark, Clemont-f, Cobb', Fiedeurk A. Conk-
lmg, Cox, Cii-iield, Cutlei, Davi-, DunLip, llaigbt, Hard-
ing, Hotmail, Joln^on, Ivelley, Kerrigan, Knapp, Loornis,
Mallory, Maynard, Justin S. Morull, Morns, Noble, Nor-
ton, Pendleton. Pony, Robin&on, Sheimao, Shiel, Smith,
Steven5-, Stile*, Francis Thomas, VaHandigham, Van
Wyek, Wadswoith, Walker, Ward, Web^tei, Albert S.
White, Chilton A. White, Wiudotn, Woodiuff', and Yea-
man—
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with, and the doors were reopened.
Sir. STEVENS. I desire now to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered,
but it cannot be considered now. The motion of
thcgentlemanfrom Kentucky [Mr. Wadswortii]
takes precedence.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill, of
Maine, and Vallandigiiam, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 30, noes 56.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edwards,
and Brown of Virginia, were appointed.
The House drvided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-four, noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PERRY. I rise to a privileged question.
1 move that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to meet on Saturday next; and on that motion 1
! demand the yeas and nays.
!; Air. FRANCHOT. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays
!, Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Arnold and
ji Low weie appointed.
ij The House divided; and the tellers reported—
II ayes twenty-five, noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ron Mr. Perry's mo-
tion, and it was decided m the negative—yeas 23,
nays 83; as lollows:
YEAS—William Alien. Ancona, Clement*-,
Cobb. Ciavens. Gi ulet, 11 aiding, Kerugan, Knapp, Malioiy,
Odell, Peiidlofon !Vm\ Portei, Pi ice, Shn-I, Stiles. Fianeis
Thoma-. VaHamligham, WadMvorth, Wickhffe, Woodruff,
ami Yeaman—
NAY S—A blue h. William J Allen, Arnold, Ash-
ley. Babbitt. Baker. Ba\t>n, B^aman, Binsham, William G.
Brown, Btilhnton. Campbell. Clianibeii.un, Clink, Colfax,
Frederick ConkhiiL'. Ko.-eoe Conii'mg.CoiHvav.Ciij-field,
Cutler. Drui>. Dimlap, Elyptton, Edwards-, Ehot,
Fenton, Saniiiel C Fe-senden, Thomas A. I). Fes.-enden,
Franchot. Frank. Gooeh. Goodwin, Gianger. flaight. Har-
rison, Hickman, Hooper, Hutchms, Johnson, Julian, Kel-
ley, William Kellogg, Loomit-, Lovejoy, Low, McKean,
McKnight, MePherson, Maynaid, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Moirill, Morris?, Nixon, Noble,
Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Potter, Alexan-
der H.Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Itollms,Sar-
gent. Sheffield, Shellabarger, Smith, Stevens, Strafton,
Trimble, Van Horn, Van Wyek, Verree, Wallace, Wash-
burne, Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. WUite, Windom, and
Woreestei—83.
So the motion was disagreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. F. A. CONKLING stated that Mr. Dawes
had paired off with Mr. Ward.
Mr. PORTER stated that Mr. Shanks had gone
to see General Fremont.
The result of the vote having been announced,
the question recurred on the motion to adjourn,
on which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 38, nays 12, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Biddle, Wil-
liam G Brown, Clements8, Cox, Crisfield, Dunlap, Dunn,
Gooch, Granger, Grider, Haight, Hall, Harding, Ilolraan,
William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Kilhnger, Knapp, Mallory,
Maynard, Mori is, Noble, Noiton, Pendleton, Perry, Price,
Robm>on, Stiles, Fiancis Thomas, Vallandigharn, Wads-
woith. Webstei, Chilton A. White, Wicklifl'c, Woodruff,
and Yeaman—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Ba-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Bufiinton, Campbell,
Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conklmg, Ros-
eoe Conklmg, Couway, Culler, Diven, Edgerfon, Edwaids,
Ehot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fewnden, Thonms A. D.
Fe^senden, Fianehot, Frank, Goodwin, Harrison, Hick-
man, Hooper. Hutehins, Julian, Lansing, Loomis, Love-
joy, Low, McKean, McKnight, MePherson, Mitchell,
Mooihead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Ohn, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Riddle, Edward H.
Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Stevens, Stiatton, Trimble, Van Horn, Van
Wyek, Veiree, Walker, Wallace, Washburne, Wheeler,
Albert S. White, Windom, and Woice&ter—72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Wads worth's
motion to reconsider the vote by which Mr. Hol-
mak's appeal from the decision of the Chair was
laid upon the table; on which the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. OLIN. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) No debate is in order, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. OLIN. 1 ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to yield to me for a moment, and I trust to
be able to relieve the House from its present em-
barrassment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Kentucky has no right to yield to the gen-
tleman from New York. He must ask the unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr. OLIN. I beg pardon of the Chair; and I
do ask the unanimous consent of the House to
make a suggestion which I think will dispose of
this question to the satisfaction of both sides of
the House.
Mr. ICOLMAN. There is no objection on this
side, provided theie is a response allowed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I object. We do not
want to have the debate opened again.
Several Memblrs. Go ahead. Hear Olin.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection is
made on both sides of the House.
Several Members, (to Mr. Bingham.) With-
draw your objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any ob-
jection to the gentleman proceeding?
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I object. Rut if I
can get any indication of the object and purpose
of the gentleman from Now York, I may with-
draw my objection.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman will hear me a
moment 
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair hears
no objection to the gentleman from New York pro-
ceeding.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. There is an objec-
tion. I have not withdrawn it.
Mi. OLIN. May I beg the attention of the
Chdi r and of the House while I make a t
tion to the gentleman from Illinois?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Im there any ob-
jection to the gentleman from New York stating
his purpose ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to anything;about it.
Several Members, (to Mr. Olin.) Go on, go
on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
