1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
erty devised to the people of the United States
by Captain Uriah P. Levy, deceased.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 663) to establish a branch
mint of the United States in the Territory of Ne-
vada;
A bill (H. R. No. 779) to modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) authorizing
tho appointment of a commissioner to revise and
codify the naval laws of the United States;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 151) to confirm
the adverse decision of the^Court of Claims in the
case of the brig General Armstrong; and
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 152) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Court of Claims in tho
case of R. R. Ward and others, assignees of Jacob
Barker.
SLAVE TRADE COUUT.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. J55) respect-,
ing the compensation of the judges, &c., under
the treaty with Great Britain, and other persons
employed in the suppression of the slave trade,
was rood twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that resolution had
better tie acted on at once and disposed of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its being acted
on now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion cannot be considered at the present time, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
CIVIL A1MMIOLUUATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question,
recurs on the passage of the bill (S. No. to
enable the people of Colorado to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for lite jidmission
of such State on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States; and upon that question the Senator
from Delaware [i\lr. Saulsbury] is entitled to the
floor.
Air. FESSENDEN. 1 move to postpone all
puor orders, in ouler that I may report the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill, which 1 wish to have
considered at once.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I suggest that the Colo-
rado bill, upon whir.Ji we are about to vote, be
laid aside by unanimous consent until the appro-
priation hill has been disposed of, and then it can
do taken up a^ain.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. If theie be no
objection it will be laid aside, and the bill indi-
cated by the Senatorfiom Maine will be taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ^undirected t.y the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was lefeued the hill
(II. R. No. 7")ii) making appropriations for sun-
dry civii expenses of the Government foi the year
ending the 30th of June, 18G4, to repoit. it back
with certain amendments. I wish to remark that
Jti.s impossible for mo to send tho amendments to
the desk; and 1 propose that the bill be immedi-
ately taken up and read item by item, and i will
indicate the amendments proposed bv the com-
mittee as they are severally read. Theie is no j
other way that I tun aware of in which we can !
consider them. I wish to leniark further, that on
looking the bill over, the committee were furnished
with no papers, and have only moved to strike
out those Hems which seemed to us manifestly
wrong, or which wo could not conceive, any good j
loason for. I suggest, thcie/oie, that Senators j
• pay attention to the bill as it is being read; he- :
cause, undoubtedly, they know as much about it j
as the committee. We had to go over it vciy r
hastily. !
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will impute if the bill is 1
printed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is impossible to have •
the bill punted as it passed the House. The o>i-
ginal bill as reported fi oni the Committee of Ways ■
and Means is printed; but that constitutes but a '
very small portion of the bill as it now stands. It 1
lias been veiy much enlarged. 1 hope, therefore, |
thatSenatois will pay attention to the reading of i
the bill. I move that it be taken up, and the read- j
ing be proceeded with. I
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com- |
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the bill will be proceeded with, and the Sena-
tor from Maine will indicate the proposed amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance at the proper
points.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill down
to the following clause, in the appropriations for
the light-house establishment:
For commissions, at two and a half per cent., to such
superintendents aa are entitled to the same under the pro-
viso to act 3d March, 1851, on the amount that may be dis-
bursed by them, $7,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee propose
to strike out that clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
For commissions, at two and a half per cent., to such su-
perintendents as are entitled to the same, under the ptoviso
to act 3d of March, 1651, on the amount that may be dis-
buised by them, $1,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee propose
to strike out that clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
For continuing the work on the Capitol extension,
.$500,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee propose
to amend that clause by striking out " five hun-
dred" and inserting " one hundred and fifty," so
as to make the appropriation $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following- clause:
To pay Jacob F. Kautz for work on the survey of the
United States and CalHoima boundaiy from September 1,
1800, to A|>:il .'10, 1861, #1,000.
To pay W. II. Shultz lor services on United States and
California bouudarv suivey from October I. 1^60, to March
lily lbOl,
Mr. FESSENDEN. f will move to strike out
those appropriations. I have had no explanation
of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There are several items pre-
ceding that winch I think ought to be stricken
out. Theie is no necessity for a surveyor gen-
eral in Arizona.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order of
proceeding is first to act on the amendments of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to Senators, as
this bill has only one reading^ and they have no
copy of these new amendments, to observe the
reading of the bill, and to make their motions to
strike out as we go along; and I suggest that the
Secretary £0 back to the item for surveying the
public lands in the Territory of Arizona, and
read them over ajjain.
Mr. HARLAN". I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.to make some amend-
ments to the appropriations that arc made in those
Territoi ies; but I referred to the appropriation for
the surveyor general in Arizona.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary can go
back, and read them over again.
The Secretary proceeded to read the appropri-
ations under the head of Arizona, as follows:
For compensation of the muvojoi genet al, $3,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out that
item.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why not have a surveyor
general in Ai izona Tei ritory as well as any other?
Mr. FESSENDEN. You must create the office
before you apmopriate the money.
The "PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 should like the Senator
to explain Ins reason for that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is, that there
is no surveyor general provided for by law there.
The amendment was agtced to.
The Secretary continued tiie reading, as fol-
lows:
Foi compensation ot the tian^lmor in the office of the
surveyor general, $3,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike that out also.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows:
For rent of office of the surveyor general, fuel, books,
stationery, and other incidental expenses, j$2,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike that out also.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
For warming appai atus for academic and other buildings
at the Militaiy Academy, $22,830.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee propose
to strike that out. It was stricken out of the Mil-
itary Academy appropriation bill also.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to tho following clause:
For extension of the *ea wall for the protection of the
Great Brewster island, Boston harbor, $50,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a new appropri-
ation and a very large one, and the committee, for
the purpose of having some explanation of it,
move to strike it out.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have an explanation of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have a letter from the chair-
man of the committee on the harbor in Boston,
which I will read in the first place, as it is very
brief:
Boston, February 14,1863.
Tho committee on the haibor have been int'oimed by
Captain Blunt, of the United States engineer corps, that a
lurther extension of tho sea wall already built for the pro-
tection of the Great Brewster is nnpeiatively required for
the protection ot the harbor, and that an appiopuation of
$50,000 ought to be made by Congress the present year. I
am instructed by the committee to address jou on the sub-
ject and iequci>t that you will ask the othci members fiom
Massachusetts to give their aid,towards obtaining theneed-
lul appiopriation.
Very lespectfully, JOHN S. TYLER,
Chairman of Committee.
Here is the indorsement of General Totteu
upon it:
I have read the foregoing letter of Mr. Tyler, in its ref
en-nee to the --tatemenf of Captain Blunt, ot' ihe United
States engincci corps and I concur entirely with him in ic-
spoct to the necessity of completing the woik loi the pic -
eivation of Cri-at Biew&ler island, in Boston harhm, at
the earliest moment possible, on account of the abrasion
which is going on there from day to day.
JOSEPH G. TOTTEN.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of what use is the island,
that makes it necessary for the Government to
protect it?
Mr. SUMNER. It is one of the outer islands
in the harbor, and by the abrasion the island is
wearing away, and the passage or channel is in-
terfered with. iThc preservation of that island
has always been one of the objects to which the
national Government has devoted itself in Boston
harbor. This is not the first appropriation. It
has often been attended to: not eveiy year, but
from time to time us occasion required. 1 am not
in the way of knowing especially about it beyond
the evidence furnished by those documents, which
the Senate will observe are complete. The state-
ment of General Tottcn goes as far as a statement
can go; it is positive; and I dare say it is within
the knowledge of Senators that, duiing this last
year, General Totten has made a personal exam-
ination of the islands in the haibor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment lecommended by
the Committee on Finance, to strike out the item
which has been read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter docs not
seem to be within General Totten's jurisdiction.
I do not know what it has to do with the public
works under his charge. It seems to be a com-
mercial matter; an appropriation for the preser-
vation of the harbor. As we have not had a'nver
and harbor bill, nor made an appropriation for that
purpose for many yeais, I think we had better
stnke out this appropriation.
Mr. SUMNER, The Senator will observe
from the statement that the information in regard
to this place comes from Captain Blunt, of the
United States engineer corps, who is on duty
there.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any other informa-
tion ?
Mr. SUMNER. This is all I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
strike it out. It is a mere statement 
Mr. SUMNER. A statement, you understand,
authenticated by General Totten.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better be
