1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
act of 1862 was passed. It does no more than pay
the mileage for that session. I had examined the
act of 1862, which has been read by the Senator;
and really I cannot conceive what figure that is to
cut in this matter. I repeat, again, that the reso-
lution of 1857 is clear and explicit; and the act of
1862 does not repeal it, annul it, explain it, or
throw any doubt or difficulty about it or around it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is too late for much
debate on this subject; but 1 cannot help saying
a word more upon 'it. 1 differ with the honorable
Senator from Illinois as to the law, and particu-
larly as to the equity of the case. He says we
should have travel as often as we incur the ex-
pense. Why, sir, one travel pays the expense
of traveling ten times over on this side of the
Rocky mountains. I come from Portland, Maine,
here. I really forget what my mileage is, pre-
cisely, but I think it is over four hundred dollars,
and it does not cost me, if 1 travel reasonably,
more than thirty or forty dollars to come; and it
is in the same proportion to gentlemen who come
from almost any place this side of the Rocky
mountains at the present time.
Mr. IUCE. If my friend will allow me a mo-
ment, I will say that the expense of coming here
has nothing to do with the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it has not.
Mr. RICE. How much money do you have to
expend for soldiers, and for family expenses, and
other things ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another thing,
entirely. I am replying to the Senator from Illi-
nois. He says that we ought to have our travel
as often as we incur the expense of traveling. If
it is put on the ground of expense, I say that what
we draw for one travel pays it ton times over. It
was not put on that ground. When the law was
passed, the allowance for travel, mileage as it was
called, was put on the ground of salary—as part
of the salary. That is the ground it is put upon,
and not as paying the expense.
Mr. COWAN. If that be the case, then I ask
if a member is not to receive any more for his
services for coming four or five times than if he
came but twice fo the regular sessions?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That depends on the law;
and the law said that we should have $6,000 for
a Congress, and two travels, travel at each regu-
lar session, calculated at the old rates. That was
the idea, and was dearly expressed, that, as to
our salary, we should have ^6,000, and two trav-
els, or two mileages, calculated tit the old rates.
That was the law; and it was understood that that
was the compensation, no matter how often we
came here. There was nothing said about that
Now, sir, when the nextact was passed it sim-
ply intended to do this: that in case theie was an
extra session we might take our mileage at that
extra session, if we saw fit. The language is
not travel or mileage at the rates now allowed by
law af each subsequent session; but the mileage
now allowed by law is two for a Congress. That
is, in my judgment, the true construction of the
act.
Mr. COWAN. I desire myself no more than
the law gives. [ think the law is perfectly plain,
and further, I think it is pei fectly rational. I think
it would be exceedingly irrational if it were other-
wise then what it is. Tlie resolution of 1W>7, as
1 read it, makes it plain that at any session mem-
bersareetnitledtomiieage. And why not? Can we
suppose that gentlemen can come here from the
Pacific coast four or five times, if you please, dur-
ing a Congress for two mileages? I have no doubt,
neihapa, the understanding was at the time the
law was first passed, that there would be but two;
and I suppose, as long as the country was in peace,
as long as there were but two sessions to a Con-
gress, that would be the understanding that there
should be but two mileages; but tilings have
changed. This is the fourth session that I have
been here this Congress—not but what the mile-
age pays mo. 1 made a proposition here atone time
to abolish mileage and to pny a leasonable amount
forexpenses proportioned to the distance traveled,
and to raise the salary as such, and not to pay
salary under the name of mileage, which seems
to be, understood every where. I thought the sal-
ary should be raised, and expenses paid, and paid
as expenses, and not as mileage. That would be
a fair proposition, <md then the country would un-
derstand exactly what we are doing. It seems,
however, that this is a hobby upon which a great
many people have ridden and are attempting to
ride into great favor with the people, because they
are opposed to paying mileage. 1 think the people
will comprehend the law as we insist it should be
construed. Men are to be paid fairly and paid in
proportion to the service they perform. If they
come here the more frequently, they ought to be
paid the more; and if they come according to the
usual custom, two sessions to a Congress, two
mileages are enough, and nobody would expect
more.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I have
paired off with the Senator from Maryland, who
is now absent, [Mr. Kennedy.] If I voted, 1
should vote in the affirmative, sustaining the com-
mittee. He would vote the other way.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have paired off with the
senior Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] on
this question. I should have voted in favor of the
amendment of the committee. '*
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to pairing en-
tirely.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have retained the privilege
to vote, if it is necessary to make a quorum, and
I shall do so.
Mr. HARRIS. I have agreed to pair off on
this question with the Senator from California,
[Mr. McDougall.] 1 should have voted in the
affirmative. I agreed to pair off with him unless
my vote should be necessary to make a quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is no excuse
for a Senator to decline to vote, that he is paired
off with another member. Every member is
required, by the express rule of the Senate, to
respond to his name when called. There is no
quorum voting, although there is a quorum in
the Chamber.
Mr. Dixon, Mr. Davis, and Mr. Howard en-
tered the Chamber and recorded their votes; and
the result was then announced—yeas 17, nays 20;
as follows: *
YRAS—Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Fossenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Harlan, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Morrill,
Sherman, Sumnei, Ten Ejck, Wade, Willcy, and Wilson
of Massachusetts—17.
NA YS-—Mes^r,. Arnold, Cailile, Cowan, Davi«, Doolit-
tle, Haulms, Henderson, llicks. Howard. Lane of Kansas,
Latham, Nesrmth, Pouieroy, Powell, Rice, Richaidson,
Trumbull, Wall, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Misiouii—20.
So the amendment to strike out the section was
not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to amend the section which was proposed to be
stricken out, by adding the following woids:
Provided, That hereafter all mileage shall be computed
at the rate of twenty-live cents pn mile each way by the
t-hoitc^t route usually traveled from the residence of each
Senator, Uepiesentative, and Delegate to the place where
('outness meets; and the umte of Senator*, Representa-
tive, and Delegates fiom the Pacific coast, oi west ot the
Rocky mountains,Mmll be computed fiom the sea-route hy
the way of the Utlumis of Panama; and mileage shall he
allowed for each jrjiular annual sPsmou of Uon rcM<, and
lor any notion o( Congress which may be called by the
Prudent of the United States> but no constructive mile-
age shall be allowed foi any Mich called session ; and mile-
age shall be allowed to Senator and Repie^eiilatives and
I it* h gates for this f-ci-sion at the foregoing rate per mile upon
the ceitifieatc oj the Presiding Office! of each House, to be
paid liy the proper oflicei ot theTieaMuy out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropuated.
Mr. HI CHARDSON. I submit that the amend-
ment is not germane to the section and does not
come fiom a committee, and is not, therefore, in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The fact
whether it is germane or not docs not present any
question of otder which it is m the province of
the Chair to decide.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one consideration
which ought to induce the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to withdraw this amendment. We are
now ldpidly approaching the termination of this
session, and if weget up any controversy between
the two Houses, we may endanger the passage
of this hill. At any other time, 1 should vote for
this or any other reduction of the mileage; but it
is very obvious that it will not do at this time to
get up this question of controversy between the
two Houses.
1 may say, also, that under almost any other
circumstances I should vote against this bill and
hail its defeat with plcdsuie. The sending of a
bill of this magnitude to us at this period of tho
session, by the House of Representatives, when
we are all wearied and worn out, is, to say the
least, unusual and wrong; and I should be per-
fectly willing to defeat the bill, and thus render ne-
cessary the calling of an extra session, in ordinary
times; but under present circumstances I think
we ought not to load down the bill with amend-
ments that are likely to create division and to de-
feat the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am told
by gentlemen of the House of Representatives
that if this amendment is put on the bill by the
Senate it will pass the House of Representatives
by a most decisive majority. I believe it will, t
do not think it will create any controversy what-
ever. I think after the construction which has
just been put upon the compensation law, which,
I must confess, surprises me very much, and is
contrary to all the understanding and action of
the Senate heretofore, we had better take this oc-
casion to make a fair construction; and therefore
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it is not at all prob-
able that the House of Representatives, after tak-
ing their third mileage at the rate of forty cents a
mile, will pass a law providing that their success-
ors shall have only twenty-five cents a mile.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This pro-
vides that they shall only have twenty-five cents
a mile for this session, instead of forty cents.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no idea that such
a proposition would be likely to go through the
House of Representatives. I think if we are going
to do anything on this subject, it would be much
more becoming, as the House have sent a bill here
in reference to this milage, for us to provide that
all newly elected Senators who shall actually travel
from their residences to Washington at any ses-
sion of the Senate called by the President, shall
be entitled to receive their milage as allowed by
law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do not offer it now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is not proposed to
amend the bill at all, I will waive it; but it is proper
that at some time some such proposition should
pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish merely to say in
explanation, that I shall vote against this amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts. I have
repeatedly said here that I did not think our pay
was too high, and I have no idea of voting against
a reasonable compensation to myself and others,
so long as they remain in Congress, as an excusc
for taking a few hundred dollars more or less, and
enabling others to take thousands, which, in my
judgment, they are not entitled to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This amend-
ment does not enable anybody to draw thousands.
The House of Representatives and the Senate have
now decided to draw the thousands; and have so
decided against my voice and my vote. I believe
we can put this amendment on the bill, and that it
will pass the two Houses of Congress. For one,
1 am surprised at the vote given in both Houses
on this subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. The last clause
of the amendment seems to be predicated on the
idea that all the members of the present Congress
will have received three mileages for the Congress,
and includes the entire number of the members of
Congress. Now, it will be recollected that there
are a good many gentlemen, members of Con-
gress, who have received but a single mileage for
the present session, and they would be included
in this reduction. That would seem to me to be
unjust.
Mr. DAVIS. I like gentlemen who are willing
to meet responsibility. Now, I am willing to meet
the responsibility of voting for three mileages,
and for five mileages, too, if members of Congress
were requncd to attend five sessions of Congress
I know of no reason that would authorize the
payment of two mileages where there were but
two sessions of Congress, which would not au-
thorize the paymentof three mileages or four mile-
ages if there were three or four sessions of Con-
gress. A few days ago we voted a salary of$5,000
to a clerk in one of the Departments. I believe
that a member of Congress deserves as much pay
as the highest-paid clerk in any of the Depart-
ments. 1 am willing to march light up to this
question and to vote for three mileages; and if the
President requires Congress to meet in four ses-
sions or in five sessions, I will vote just as many
mileages as there are sessions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
