1803.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following section:
Sec. 5. And be 11 farther cnacted, That in addition to the
present clerical loice of the Quartermaster GeneiaPs de-
partment, the .secretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to appoint tluee auditors, at $2,800 each ; and the
sum of $8,400 is hereby appropriated for said purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend that that section be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the*reading of the bill
Mown to the following clause:
For pay of William Brindlejate receiver of public moneys
at Lecoiiipton, Kansas, ior extra cleric hire and office rent,
$4,713.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend that that clause be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
For purchase of giounds adjoining the Schuylkill arse-
nal, and the election of brick buildings foi the storage of
clothing and camp and gatrison equipage, $100,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend that that clause be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
To defray expenses incurred in the raising, equipping,
transportation, and subsidence of minute men and volun-
teers in Pennsylvania, Maiyland, Ohio, Indiana, and Ken-
tucky, to repel rebel laids, $1,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend that that be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
For completion of northern portion of the Patent Office
building, $60,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend that that clause be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the bal-
ance due for running and marking the boundary line be-
tween the Cicek and Choctaw nations in execution of the
nineteenth article ot the tieaty of August 7,1800, $2,449 66.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend that that be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
To pa\ Waul W. Burnett, late surveyor general of Kan-
sas, the -um ot $709 34. Provided, That no part of this sum
shall be pa d unlets, upon the settlement ol the account of
fcaid suiveyor getieial, the Secretary of the Inteiioi fcliall
find it eonect and just, and then only such part as he may
allow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee recom-
mend the striking out of that clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move to strike out
the paragraph making additional appropriations
for the land surveys. As there will be undoubt-
edly a committee of conference on this bill, I submit
the motion with a view of making some inquiries
on the subject from the committee of conference
on the part, of the House. 1 ask that they be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
For surveying thowjfciljlie lands in Ooiorado Teriitory, in
addition to the sum heretofore appropriated, $5,000.
Fot "suiveymg the public lands in Kansas and Nebraska,
in addition to the sum heretofoie appropriated, $lU,000.
For suiveying the public lands in Dakota Termor), iijr
addition to the  iiin heietofoie approptiated, $5,000.
Foi siuvcyitiir the pulilie lands in Washington Territory,
in addition to the f>um heietolore appropuated, $5,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I think they had not better
be stricken out. The estimate forColorado made
by tiip Commissioner of the General Land Office
was but $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do these additional
amounts only bring them lip to the estimates?
Mr. HARLAN. That is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands it he thinks
they are right3 If so, I shall not move to strike
them out.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not the slightest doubt
that they are all right. They only bring the ap-
propriations up to the estimates of the Depart-
ment.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. I will withdraw my mo-
tion in regard to the whole of them.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance recommend that the tenth section be stricken
out.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further cnacted. That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized, when in his opinion the pub-
lic service may require, to transfer any unexpended balance
of an appropriation to any other appropriation : Provided,
That said transfer shall be confined to appropriations under
the same Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have directed me to report the following
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That an assistant collector of
customs shall be appointed in the port of New York, in the
mode prescribed by law for the appointment, of deputy col-
lector-*, at an annual compensation of $5,000, who shall
perform such duties and exercise such powers now devolved
on the collector as may be assigned to him by that officer;
and all the official acts of said assistant, in pursuance ot
such assignment, shall be as valid in law as if performed
by the collector himself: Provided, That the collector shall
be responsible for the official nets aforesaid of said assist-
ant, and that no additional appropriation shall be made for
the payment ot his compensation,
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance if the du-
ties of the collector of New York are more oner-
ous now than they have been during the last ten
years J^ind why the necessity of creating this ad-
ditional officer there?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that it is
very strongly urged by the SecretaVy of the Treas-
ury as absolutely necessary. It is said that the
time of the collector is taken up in the examina-
tion of the almost innumerable questions arising
there in the present state of the country, and it is
impossible for him to get along with the business.
It is for the Senate to decide. I have nothing fur-
ther to say about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have another amend-
ment, to insert as a new section:
And be it further cnacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and hereby is, authorized to expend during
the fiscal yeai ending the 30th day of June, 1834, so much
of the appnipriution of the 2d of Match. J861. as ho may
deem expedient and proper, not exceeding in the whole
$10,000, toi compensation to United States maisbals, dis-
trict attorneys, and other persons employed in enforcing the
law- for the suppression of the African slave tiade, for any
services they may lender, and lot which no allowance is
otherwise ptovidf d by law ; and also mi much of said ap-
piopnatton a.s may be, neee-.-aiy to pay the salaries of the
judges and aibitiators appointed by him puisuant to the act
of Congie^s, apptoved July 11, Ui62. entitled (t An aet to
carry into effect the trenty between the United States, and
her 'Britannic Majesty for the suppiession ol the African
slave tiade,"and lor the expen-esoflhe mixed courts pro-
vided for by said treaty : Piovided, That no payment shall
be made to any judge or arbitiator on account of salary who,
after accepting the office, has declined, or may herealter
decline, the same, without having actually entered upon
duty; and no judge or aibitiatoi ^hn'l be regarded as enti-
tled to salaty Irom the date of the acceptance ot the office
to which he has been, or may be, appointed, who -hall not
have enteied upon the duties then/of in good faith within
three months hum the date ol his acceptance.
I understand this amendment is precisely the
same as a joint resolution which has already
passed the House; and that h««ing the case, the
'joint resolution may be taken up and passed, and
1 will withdraw this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the joint resolution to
which 1 referred a short time since.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
abjection, this bill will be laid aside, for the pur-
pose of considering that joint resolution. The
Chair hears no objection.
SLAVE TRADE CUUXiT.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. Li. No. 155) respecting
the compensation of the judges, &c., under the
treaty with Great Britain and other persons em-
ployed in the suppression of the slave trade. It
authorizes the President to expend, during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, so much of the
appropriation of March 2, 1861, as he may deem
expedient and proper, notexceedmg in the whole
$10,000, for compensation to United States mar-
shals, district attorneys, and other-perscma em-
ployed in enforcing the taws for the- suppression
of the African slave-trade, for any services they
may render and for which no allowance is fttad®
bylaw; and also so much of that appropriation afc
may be necessary to pay the salaries of the judges
and arbitrators appointed by him under the aetaf
Congress approved July 11, 1862, entitled* "Aft
act to carry into effect the treaty between the XJni- *
ted States and her Britannic Majesty for the sup-
pression of the African slave trade, and for the
expenses of the mixed courts provided for b^ that
treaty;" but no payment is to be made toany judge
or arbitrator on account of salary who, after ac-
cepting the office, has declined or may hereafter
decline it, without having actually entered on
duty; and no judge or arbitrator is to be regarded
as entitled to salary from the date of the accept-
ance of the office to which he has been or maybe
appointed who shall not have entered upon th«
duties thereof in good faith within three months
of the date of his acceptance.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
lution; which thereupon received the signature &f
the President pro tempore:0
A bill (S. No. 555) to incorporate the National
Academy of Sciences;
A bill (IT. R. No. 599) relating to the validity
of deeds of public squares and lots in the city of
Washington;  
A bill (H. R.No.615) to protect the Hens upon
vessels in certain cases, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 678) to enable the district
courts of the United States to issue executions or
other final process, in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 725) to grant a pension of
eight dollars*per month, during her widowhood,
to Elizabeth llousener; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) fixing the
pay of the commandant of the navy-yard at Mare
island, California.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
732) making appropriations for sundiy civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have one more amend-
ment from the Committee on Finance, to add the
following as additional sections:
And le it jurther enacted, That so much of the second
section of the act of Congress ot the 6th ot August, 3846,
entitled '• An act to piovide for the better organization of
the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue," as designates
the Mint of the United Stares, in the city of Philadelphia,
to be the place of deposit of the public moneys at that point,
is heiebv amended >(i as to authorize the deposit of the
same m the custom-house building ot the said city, when-
ever, hi the opinion of the Sociotaiy of the Tiea^ury, the
public convenience will be sulxerved thereby; and thesum
of# 10,000 is liSieby appropi iated, payable out ol any moneys
not otherwise uppiopi iated, to be expended under the di-
rection ol the Seereniry of the Tieasiuy ill the construction
of vaults and the fitting up of offices m the «aid custom-
house buildings lor the proper leceipt, custody, and dis-
bursement of^ucli public money as may be deposited there-
in.
And be it further enacted, That the tieasurer of the Mint
of the United States, by virtue of that office Assistant
Tre.a-.urer of the United Slates at Philadelphia, if authoi-
ized to designate among his clerks in his said officesrespect-
ively, one to act as chief clerk to the tieasurer of the Mint,
and one other to aet as chief clerk to the Assistant Tieas-
urer of the United States.
And he it further cnacted, That in ease ot the sickness or
unavoidable absence of the tieasuierofthe Mint.he may,
nt his discretion, authorize the respective chief clerks to
act in his place, and to dischaige all the duties required by
law of the treasurei of the Mint or the AsMstant Tieasurer
of the United States at Philadelphia.
And be it further enacted, That the chief and other cleiks
in the trea>uij depaitmentof the Mint shall give such as-
sistance in the Assistant Tieasurv ol the United States at
Philadelphia in the leceipt, cu>todv, and disbuisement of
the public moncv a* may be retpiued of them by the treas-
urer, with the siime responsibility for the faithful peiiorm-
nueo of such duty as .is, imposed upon them by the laws in
force for the government of the lumt, and the officers and
clerks thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I am directed by the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
