1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
Granger, Grider, Holman, William Kellogg, Mallory, May-
nardj Morris, Odell, Pendleton. Sbiel, Stiles, Webster, and
Whaley—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrlch, Arnold, Ashley, Baker, Bea-
inan, Bingham, Blake, Buffimon, Campbell, Chamberlain,
Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Roseoe Conkling,
Conway, Cutler, Davis, Diven, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton,
Samuel 0. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Franchot,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper,
Hutchins, Julian, Lansing, Looinis, Lovejny, Low, Me-
Pherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Noble, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John II.Rice, Rid-
dle, Edward H. Rolling, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sliel-
lahargcr, Sherman. Sloan, Stevens, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van YVyck, Veiree, Walker, Wallacc, Washburne, Wil-
son, aiiii Windom—65.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to lay upon the table the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the motion of the gen-
tleman from New jersey was voted down; upon
which no quorum voted.
Mr. VALXA.NDIGHAM. I object to any busi-
ness out of order, until a quorum is present.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was in his seat,
I would propose a compromise. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move that
the House take a recess? .
The SPEAKER. It would not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already had
the rule read three times upon the subject of a call
of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There was no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made any
decision. [Laughter.] The Chair only stated
that he had had the rule upon this point read three
times to-ni^ht.
Mr. COX. Will the Chair state what we have
to do next? [Laughter.]
Mr. BIDDLE. Would it be in order now to
move that the House go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the bill for
discharging breech loading speeches? [Laughter;
and "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. COLFAX. Would it be in order, by
unanimous consent, for the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] to make a speech
upon the bankrupt law ? [Laughter; and cries of
" Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I understand
there is a gentleman present who sings the Mar-
seilles Hymn with great eloquence. Would that
be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has never found
anything in the rules upon the subject of music.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. Would it be in order to
move that gentlemen be seated ?
The SPEAKER. The rules require that.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would like to make one
inquiVy of the Chair. Do I understand the Chair
to say that it is not in order to move a call of the
House when no quorum is present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that he had
the rule read three times.
Mr. ALDRICH. Am I to understand from
that that the game is blocked? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand a count to see
whether a*quorum is present.
The SPEAKER. The rules require that when-
ever a member requires it, the Chair shall count
the House to see whether a quorum is present.
If no quorum then appears to be present, a motion
for a call of the House will be in order.
The House was counted; and
The SPEAKER said: One hundred members
are present. The question recura^ypon the mo-
tion to lay upon the table the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to adjourn
over until Friday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
A suggestion was made that some remarks should
be presented upon the bankrupt bill, and no ob-
jection was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see the
gentleman's point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I make another point.
Would it be in order to have a few remarks upon
the Red River.of the North ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ALDRICH. I rise to a point of order. I
understand the Chair to say that the questionttow
is upon the motion of the gentleman from New
Jersey. That motion has been votetT'on and
decided here three times to-night, [laughter,] "if
the court understand' herself, and she think she
do." [Renewed laughter.]
! The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay upon the table the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion of the gentle-
man from New Jersey was rejected.
Mr. ALDRICH. If I am not mistaken, we
have voted on that two or three times, and voted
it down.
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion to lay upon
the tabic the motion to rcconsider, the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 6; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricli, Arnold, Baker, Beaman, Bid-
die, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Col-
fax, Frederick A. Conkling, Ko&coe Conkling, Conway,
Cravens,Cutler, Davis, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Fen*-
ton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden,
Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Gianger, Gurley, Harrison, Hol-
man, Hooper, Hutchins, Johnson, Kuiley, William Kellogg,
Lansing, Loonns, Lovejov, Low, MePherson, Mitchell,
Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Potter, John H.Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sm-
gent, Sedgwick, Shank", Sheffield, Shellabargcr, Sherman,
Sloan, Stevens, titration, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wallacc, VVashbuine, Wilson, and
Windom—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Batter, Bingham, Glider,"Ju-
lian, and Sinith—6.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a suggestion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Of course we have
no objection if wo have the right to reply.
Mr*. MORRILL, of Maine. I object to any
reply.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the Speaker to count
the House.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced eighty members present.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is that in order?.
The SPEAKER. It is, as no quorum was
present upon a count.
The roll of the House was then called, when
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Alley, Babbitt, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
George II. Browne, Burnham, Calvert, Casey, Corning, Co-
vode, Citsfiold, Crittenden, Dawes, Delano, Delaplainc,
Duell.Eiy, English, Fisher, Fouke, Hale, Hickman, Hol-
man, Horton, FianeH W. lCellogir, Law, Lazear, Leary,
Lehman, MeKean, McICniffht, Maiston, May, Maynard,
Meuzies, Noell, Nuiren, Olin, Patton, John S. Phelps,
Pomeroy, Alexander II. Rice, Richardson, James S. Rolling
Segai, Spauldmg, John B. Steele, William G. Steele. JJcn-
jamm F.Thomas FranchThomas, Train, Vandever. Van
Valkenlmrgh, Vjbbard, Walkei, Wall, Walton, Ward,
Wheeler, Wood, and Wright.
The SPEAKER. In calling the list of absen-
tees for excuses, the names of those who have
once been excused to-day will not be called, as
they will be considered as excused for the day.
The names of the absentees were then called
for excuses, as follows:
Elijah Babbitt.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Babbitt has been
here during- most of the evening, but he com-
plained of indisposition all the time he was here.
He remained as long as he was able. I move that
he be excused.
Mr. PENDLETON. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 9; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. William Allen, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
Baker, lia\ter, Beaman, Biddle, Hmghain, lilake, William
G. Brown, TSuffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clements,
Cobb, Fredeuek A. Conkling, Roscoe Conkling, Conway,
Cox, Cravens, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton,
Samuel C.Fessenden, Franchot, Frank,Goodwin,Granger,
Grider, Gurley, Haight, Hall, Harrison, Holman. Hooper,
Hutchins, Johnson, Julian. William Kellogg, Kerrigan,
Knapp, Lansing, I.onmis, Lovejoy, MePherson, Mallory,
Mitchell, Moorbead, Anson P. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, No-
ble, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy. Potter, Jolm li. liice, Robinson, Edward
H. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick. Shanks, Sheffield, Shella-
barger, Sherman, Sloan. Smith, Stevens, Stiles. Trow
bridge, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Veiree, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Wallaee, Washburne, Whaley, WicKIiffe, Wilson,
1 Windom, and Woodruff—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrleli, Anc'orta, Colfax, Cutler, Davti,
Thomas A. I>. Vessoaden, KoHey, Low. and I'riee—9.
So Mr. Babbitt was'excused. , , ,
Charles B. Caltert. -No excuse offered,
Samuel L. Casey. No excOsc offcrcd.
John Covodb. No ex*cuse offered.
John "W. Crisfjeld. ;
Mr. MALLORY. I am requested to state that
Mr. Crisfield is paired off with Mr. Riddle, of
Ohio. •
Henrt L. Dawes. No excuse offered..
Isaac C. Delaplaine. No excuse offered.
Alfred Ely. No excuse offered. ""
George P. Fisher, No excuse offered.
PiIilip B. Fouke.
Mr. ItNAPP. X move that Mr. Fouke be ex-
cused, as we all know he is necessarily absent.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Babbitt] was excused; and upon tnat
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. Upon that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRANGER. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tollers were ordered; and Messrs.Wadsworth
and Pike were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes four, noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 79, nays ]2; as folltfws:'
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baker, Beaman, Biddle, Bingham, Blake, William G.
Brown, ISuflinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A Conkling, Cox, Cutler, Davis, Dunlap. Dunn,
Eliot, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden,Thomas A. D. Fessen-
den, Frank, Gooch, Gianger, Grider, ilaiglit, Hall, Harri-
son, Holman, Hooper, Hutchins, Johnson, Kelley, Kerrigan,
Knapp, Loomis, Low, MePherson, Mitchell, Moonhead,
Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Moiris, Nixon,Noble,
Norton. Odell, Pendleton, Pelry,Timothy G. Phelps, Pike,
Potter, John II. Rice, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sheffield, Sheilabarger, Sherman, SllieJ, Sioan, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Van Wyck, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Washburne, Whaley, Albert S. White,
Wiekliffe, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldricli, Roseoe Conkling, Edgerton,
Gurley, Julian, Lansing, Pomeroy, Sedgwick, Shanks, Van
IIoni, Verree, and Worcester—12.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the motion to excuse
Mr. Fouke.
Mr. KNAPP demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire,called for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, White, of
Indiana, and Trowbridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes two, noes none.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask to be excused from
voting upon this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion, and the Chair desires to call the at-
tention of gentlemen to a precedent which oc-
curred in the Thirty-Fifth Congress. It will be
found in the Globe of the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
fiist session, part 1, on page 600:
l'lVIr. Keitt. I ask to be excused from voting oil the
motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
" The Speaker. The Chair thinks that the proposition
of the gentleman from South Caroiinais hardly in order, as
it involves the very point on which the appeal is taken."
The appeal was on excusing a member. The
Chair decides that the motion is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
understand that the Chair isquoting the decision
of Mr. Orr, of South Carolina, who is now in re-
bellion against the authority of this Government.
[LaughterJ
The SPEAKER. lie was the political friend
of the gentleman, and oughtto be good authority
with him. [Laughter.]
The question'was then taken on Mr. Fouke'j
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas.
31, nays 53; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Bally, William
G. Brown, Buffinton, Clements, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Don
lap, Dunn, Granger, Grider. Gurley, Haight, Johnson, Ker
rigan, Nixon, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Sedgwick, Stiles,
V.tllandigliara, Van. Horn, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Whap-y,
Woodruff. Worcester, alid Yeaman—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Bingham, Blake, Campbell, Chamberlain, Colfax,
Koscoe C'oniiling, Conway, Cutler, Davis, Diven, Edgerton,
