1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March' 3,
of the Senate to offer tho Allowing amendment as
& new section:
Jind bs it further cnactcd, That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate be directed to pay out of the contingent fund i'or such
extra messengers, pages, laborers, and services for the Sen-
ate, duimg tlio piesent session, tw the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate may
approve and direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
INDIAN SERVICE IN ARIZONA.
For incidental expenses of the Indian service in Arizona,
and for presents of goods, clothing, and other useful ai ticles
to Fndians, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, $10,000.
Mr.FESSENDEN. What explanation can be
given ofthat?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Territory of Arizona
has been organized since the passage of the In-
dian appropriation bill. There was no appropri-
ation in that bill for this Territory; unci the sum
of $10,000 is recommended by our committee for
that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend the amend-
ment by adding thc.se words:
And the  um hereby appiopriated shall be deducted fiom
the appropriation made for the Indian service in NovvMrx
ico.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not in favor of that
fit all. Hut $25,000 whs appropriated for Nesv
Mexico, the fame as was appropriated forNeva-
da, Utah, and Colorado. Arizona is another and
distinct Territory, larger than Ohio.
Mi. SHERM AN . i am surprised to learn that
the number of Indians 1ms been increased by the
division of New Mexico into two Territories. I
presumed tha#the Senator simply wanted to di-
vide the money appropiiated for that Territory.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I suppose it is to be pie-
Muned that the Committee on Indian Affairs know
something ;m well as the Committee on Finance.
1 shall not go into a long speech or a long1 state-
ment about tins matter. We ate called upon to
vote millions upon millions at the mere woid of
the Committee on Finance, it has got to be so
much tin' habit, that whatever they ask must be
passed without any question whatevei; but if any
other committees apeak about appropriating the
public moneys, we must go on the stand and be
cross-examined.
Mr. Si 1 ERMAN. The Senator shows a little
feeling. The whol<- amount asked by the Interior
Deparlnient lor the Tei i iiory of New Mexico was
appropiiated in regular course.
Mr. DOOLITTLK. That is a mistake. The
Interior Department asked for $50,000 for New
Mexico. \W only gave £25,000.
Mi. KilftRMAN. Then 1 suppose the House
of K epivsentai i\ es, upon eon side I at ion, i educed it.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. We ledmed it licie.
M r. Sij ERM A N, Veiy well. It was deemed
by Conjjrex^, at t his ^easion, that $,\>r>,000 was suf-
fieienl for the Indians in New Mexico; and that
must havt received the assent of the Committee
on Indian Alburn of tins body; but now, .simply
because w<; have parsed a law dividing New
Mexico into t wo Tei ri tones, but I believe not in-
creasing the number <>t Indians, it is proposed to
*add tyl0,000 to that appi opi iai ion.
Mi. FESSEN DEN. This is for the benefit of
the Indian a^ent--!, not l\.r the Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is presumed by the
Committee on Finance that whatever any other
committee .isle for wrong. I am tired of tins
kind of dictation fioin that committee; and, for one,
I do not pi opose to submit to it. Mr. President,
} say the Committee uii Indian Affairs, have ex-
amined this subject, and as a matter of economy,
and as a mat t"i of wisdom, they believe we should
p!a<u- a < i rlain Mini of money foi this purpose m
the hands uf the supeiintenduut there. We have
asked fot but a mimII sum, the sum of $10,000, to
be pul at the disposal of the superintendent of In-
dian aflans, to be expended under the direction
of the yecretui y of the Interior, to go out and take
charge of the Indians of that Terutory, and or-
ganize the admimstiatu,!) of Indian affairs there.
Mi. TRUMBULL. We were told a few days
rtiro tins Temtory of Arizona was not going to
cost an\thing—thcie are about two thousand
white people there—butit seems to be ioomingup
somewhat in expenses.
The amendment wiw agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to carry into effect the treaty
of 1842:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That for the purpose of exe-
cuting the fourth article of the treaty between the United
States and Great Diituin, concluded at Washington on the
9th of August, 3842, the Secretary of the Treasury he, and
he es hereby# directed to pay, out of any money in the Treas-
uiy not otherwise appiopriated, to ihe State of Massachu-
setts the sum of $32,688, and to the State of Maine the sum
ot 13.908. being at the rate of$l 2o per acre for the amount
of the public lands of those two States in the possession of
the classes of pe^ou1- de-ctibed in said fourth aitide of said
treaty., as ascertained by a joint commission instituted by
Massachusetts and Maine in 1843, and by a commission
instituted by Maine in 1854; the said money to be paid as
soon ad the State of Maine shall, by resolutions of the Le-
gislature thereof, agree to quiet, by good and sufficient le-
ieases, all the occupants of the public lands of Massachu-
setts and Maine, whether holding under grants from New
Bnmswick, or holding by possessory or equitable possess-
or} titles, aceoidmg to the repoits uf the afoiesaid com-
missions, so lai as tliev have not been already quieted bj
such leleases; and shall further undertake, at its own ex-
pense, to quiet, m like manner, any other po^sessoiy nghu
under said fourth article of said treaty which may lieieatier
be di<-covejed to cmh upon the public land- of said State
of Maine- Pro i iJcd, That the Seeieiary of the Tieasuiy
may, at his .lihcietion, make the payments directed by this
section in any oi the six per cent securities of the United
States winch aio or may bo authorized by law.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope we are not going to
have our tune taken up with the introduction of
such amendments as this. There cannot be any
possible policy for offering such an amendment
to an appropriation bill at the end of a Congress,
on the last night of a Congress, to carry into ef-
fect treaty stipulations that were entered into be-
tween Great Britain and thisGovernment twenty-
one years ago, and which affect real tfttate in
Maine, and the rights of Massachusetts to real
estate in that State, also. Why do they not in-
troduce it as a' separate bill, so that we can give
it a fair eonsidc ration ?
Air. SUMNER. It way intioduced as a bill,
and is now on the table*
Mr GRIMES. Veiywell. Let it stand as a
separate bill; but do not thrust it on an appropri-
ation bill where we have not a fail opportunity to
consider it, on the last night of the session, and
neaily twelve o'clock at night.
Mr. SHERMAN, it"is an old claim.
Mr. GRIMES, Yes, sir; twenty-one years
old.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have listened to various
appi opriations here for the building of custom-
houses, and all sorts of appropriations, amount-
ing to hundreds of thousands of dullars, from tin;
Committee on Finance, and we were called upon
to vole for them without knowing anything about
them. We took them upon faith. We have faith
in that committee. We should have faith, also, in
the membeis of the. committees to whom thesi^
questions ai e refei icd, who come hcie and report
in favor of an appropriation. The Committee on
foreign Relations have given their attention to
tins subject, and they believe it is but just to ap-
propiiate money to carry into effect the provis-
ions of that tieaty.
Mi. RICE. It has been believed just foranum-
ber of yeais in (his body.
Air. DOOLITTLE. If the question of order is
laised upon this amendment, whether it is proper
to go on an appi opt iation bill, that question can
be submitted to the Senate; but I do not under-
stand it to bo liable to anv objection as being out
of order. It is to carr}^ out the provisions of a
treaty, and therefore it is within the express rute
of the Senate. The simple question, therefoi e. is,
whethei it is a pioper appropriation. On an ex-
amination of the matter, the committee weie sat-
isfied that this amount of money is due to the
States of Maine and Massachusetts, estimating
the value of the lands at the very lowest piice*nt
which they could possibly be estimated—f-J 25 an
acre. I do not propose to go into a long explana-
tion of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cei Uunly cannot allow this
amendment to pass without resisting it, and with-
out calling the attention of the Senate to the effect
of passing such amendments, and without a vote
upon it on the yeas and nays. This is an old
claim, which hfuj been discussed and rejected over
and over again. It has existed ever since I have
been in Congiess,
Mi. DOOLITTLE. The Senator is mistaken
about its being rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me get through. These
claims growing out of the treaty of 1842, the Ash-
burton treaty, have been before Congress for years,
and have been discussed over and over again. The
Senator says that we appropriate large sums of
money at the request of the Committee on Finance
without inquiry. But what class of appropria-
tions? They are appropiiations for the future ser-
vice of the Government. They are all based upon
estimates furnished us by the Department for the
future government of the country; and all appro-
priation bills arc framed and organized with a view
to provide means to carry on the future opera-
tions of the Government.
The theory of t*he rules, both of the Senate and
House of Representatives, is to exclude all this
class of past due claims fiom our appropriation
bills. Why, sir, the discussion of this bill at this
hour of the session, and the attempt to load it
clown with these extraneous amendments is the
most dangerous thing that can possibly happen.
Here is an old claim that has survived for twenty
years. It has been pressed over and over again,
andithas never had the weightas a separate meas-
ure to go through both Houses of Congress; and
now, in the last houis of the session, when we
cannot see the papers, when we cannot discuss it,
it is proposed to add this to a large appropriation
bill at the risk of defeating that appropi iation bill.
For one, if these amendments are adopted upon
the appropriation bill, I hope the appropriation
bill will be defeated; and then at a called session
of Congress we may have time to discuss all the
multitude of subjects contained in this appropria-
tion bill.
Ifthe Senator from Wisconsin will put an amend-
ment of this kind on an appropriation bill, there
will be other amendments of the same kind, and
the whole Calendar of private claims and all the
claims that have existed for the last fifty years of
the Government might just as well be put on. Jt
is against the theory, against the plain common
sense of the rules of the Senate, to attach such a
proposition as this to an appropriation bill. It
will create discussion, controversy, dispute, and
I believe will defeat this bill. This bill ought now
to be in the hands of thcenrolhng clerk. It is not
the fault of the Committee on Finance; it is not
the fault of the Senate that it was not there be-
fore this. It was sent here from the House of
Representatives this evening, and we were com-
pelled to consider it in hot haste. Now it is pro-
posed to add to it this and a great variety of other
disputed claims, with the certainty that if it is
done it will defeat this bill and compel the calling
of an extra session. 1 trust, therefore, the Sen-
ate will not put any of these extraneous, old, dis-
puted, controverted claims on this appropriation
bill, and thus load it down.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Piesident, this is no
private claim. It is us just a claim, it seems to
me, as any one of the Siates of the Union could
ever have upon tTie justice of the General Gov-
ernment. Maine is pnncipally interested in this
matter. Massachusetts, at one time, jointly owned
with her the lands in Maine; but Maine was the
great suffeter by the tieaty of 3842. She lelin-
qutshed over three million acres, five thousand
square miles of her domain, and the best lands
of New England, too. We lecuived lands upon
the north of Vermont and New Hampshire; we
obtained Rouse's Point; we obtained, also, the
island in St. Mary's river; we obtained upon Lake
Superior and north of the river St. Louis the undis-
puted right to almost four million acies. All these
considerations we got from England. Maine was
the sufferer in this, and Maii$£. has not received
compensation for it. All that she ever received
was the payment of $300,000 simply for the sur-
rendei of her jurisdiction over a poition of this
tcnitory, in oider to inducc her to make the treaty
and to consent to the settlem< nt, which saved us,
peihaps, from war with Great Britain. Under
the pressure which was brought to bear upon her
at the time she did consent, on the express con-
dition that the Government of the United States
should quiet the title to the lands which were in
the possession of the settlers, for which she had
received no compensation. The Government as-
sumed that they should be quieted. The number
ot tiiose acres has been ascertained by commis-
sioners on the pait of the State of Maine and the
State of Massachusetts, the expenses of which
Congress has paid from time to time.
In the same treaty it wasprovided that weshould
