1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
William E. Lehman. No excuse offered.
Robert McKotgiit. No excuse offered.
Henry Mat. No cxcuse offered,
Jojik W. Noell. No excuse offered.
Abraham B. Olin.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. T move that my
colleague be excused, as I do not think his excuse
is very good; and if debate is in order upon the
motion, I desire-to say a very few words upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has the right briefly to state the grounds of ex-
cuse.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Olin, 1 be-
lieve, is in very good health, and loft this House
some two, three, or four hours ago—I am a little
altogethery [laughter] about the exact time.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 raise the point of order that
the gentleman from New York should state the
time specifically.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am surprised
that so good a criminal lawyer as the gentleman
fp^m Indiana should make such a remark, know-
ing as he does that time is entirely immaterial.
^Mr. HOLMAN. I did not know there was
any criminal in the case.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. None that I am
aware of, unless the gentleman excepts himself,
and he knows that time is immaterial. Now, I
think my colleague, Mr. Olin, ought to be ex-
cused, and I state as a reason that the extent of his
remissness depends to a great extent upon the rea-
son for which he left this Hall, and as he is not
present to state it for himself, I propose to state
precisely why he did leave the House, for if he left
because he did not care what wasgoing on in the
House that will enter into the validity of the ex-
cuse. Now 1 state that before Mr. Olin left the
House he was engaged in searching the records of
thft last session for two statutes passed in 1862.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The statutes to which the gentleman is referring
have nothing to do with excusing his colleague.
The SPEAKKRpro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Let me under-
stand the precise length and breadth of that point,
for it seems to me to be drawn very fine.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio raised the point of order that the stat-
utes cited by the gentleman had nothing to do
with excusing the gentleman'scolleague, and the
Chair sustained the point of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have cited no
statutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman proposed to
cite statutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to another point of
order, that Mr. Olin is now in the Hall,and can
settle this question for himself.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman is mistaken.
The gentleman from New York is not in the Hall;
he is in a horn. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 say that my point of order
is that the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin,]
of whom his colleague [Mr. Roscoe Conklingj
was speaking so well, so eloquently, with such
unusual ability, is now sitting behind him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order. The gentleman from
New York is recognized by the records of the
House as absent. The Clerk will proceed with
the call of the roll.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. My question of order is that 1 was
recognized by the Chair, and was proceeding to
state the excuse I submitted for my colleague Mr.
Olin, when the Chairdirects the Clerk to proceed
with the call of the roll. May I ask whether the
Chair decides that my colleague is present.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Upon the point
of order raised by thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] the Chair decided the gentleman to be
out of order, and, by the rules of the House, there-
fore, he could not be said to be upon the floor.
The gentleman had the right only to make a brief
bona fide statement of the excuse he proposed to
make.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is what I
was proceeding to do. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not hold a controversy with the gentleman from
New York. He has decided the gentleman to be
out of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I must respect-
fully, with great reluctance, take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 49, noes 43.
Mr. PENDLETON called for the yeas and
nays. - *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 38; as follows:
Y13AS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Baker, Baxter, Beat-
man, Bmgliam, Blake, Buffiuton, Campbell. Chamberlain,
Conway, Cutler, Davi*, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely,'den-
ton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fes&enden. Fran-
chot, Frank, Goods, Goodwin, Granger. Uairisoti, Iloopei,
Hutchins, Julian, lOlley, William Kellogs, Lansing,
Loornis, Lovejov, Low, MePherson, Mooiheari, Anson !\
Mori ill, Nixon, ration, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pome-
roy, I>orter, Potter, Price, John 11. Rice, Edward II. Rol-
lins, Sargent, Shollabarger. Sherman, Sloan, Stevens,
Stratton, Trowbridge, Van Wyek, Verrec, Wallace, Wash-
burne, Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windoin—Gl.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Biddle, Cobb, Frederick A. Conklmg, Roscoe Conk-
ling, Cravens,Diven, Dunlap, Urider, Hall, Harding, flTol-
man, Johnson, Kerrigan, Kimpp, Mallory, Maynard, Mit-
chell, Morris, Norton, Odell, Olin, Pendleton, Perry, Rob-
inson, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield,Shiel,Smith,Stiles, Voor-
hees, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, and Yeaman
—38.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. Inasmuch as my colleague
[Mr Olin] has just voted on a motion growing
out of a proposition to excuse him for absence,!
move that a committee be appointed to ascertain
whether he is present or not. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 'a
motion is not in order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is that question
debatable?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Francis Thomas. No excuse offered.
Chauncey Vibbard. No excuse offered.
Amasa Walker. No excuse offered.
Elijah Ward. No excuse offered.
Benjamin Wood. No excuse offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is a quo-
rum present.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be empowered to arrest and bring to the bar
of the House the members who are absent and
not excused.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move that that
motion be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms is absent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then X move that the clerk
of the Sergeant-at- Arms beauthoi ized as a special
messenger of the House to arrest and bring to the
bar of the House the members absent without its
leave; and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make the pointof order that
there is no such officer known to this House as the
clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. He thinks that that of-
ficer is known to the pay roll of the House and the
appropriation bill. The Clerk will read the 36th
rule, which covers the case.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"36. Upon the cull of the Hons*'', the names nf the mem-
bers shall bo called over by the Clerk, and the absentees
noted; after which tin* names of the absentees Ph.Hi again
he called over  the dooit* hliail then be shut, and tiiOf-e lor
whom no excuse or insufficient excuse*, are made may,by-
order oi tho^e present, it fifteen in number, be taken into
custody as they appear, or may be sent for and i.iken into
ciiftodv. wherever to he found, by special messenger* to be
appointed tor that purpose."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I insist that the
question be taken on my motion to lay upon the
table the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. Roscoe Conkling's motion was disagreed
to.
Mr. PERRY moved that the House do now ad-
journ, and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays Gl; as toliows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, lliddle, Cox, Craven*, Dunlap. Dunn, Gran-
ger, Glider, lluiuht, Hall, Ilardinfr. [Jolmnn, Johnson, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kerrigan, Krmpp, Mailer}', Morris, Norton,
Odell, Olin, Pendleton, Perry, Robinson, Segar, Shiel,
Smith, Stiles, Voorhees, Webster, Chilton A. Wftitej -•
Wickliffe, and Yeaman-^36. . : - , -
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Haker,Ba![ter(I5<"llnJijn>
Bingham, Iii;ike, ButfiII! iin,C;unpbeli. Chamberlain. Co! fax,
Frederick A. CortkUngj Cutler, Davis, Edgerton, Eiiof, Ely,
Samuel C. Fessenden, Thoioas A. p. Fessenden, franchot',
Frank, Good), Goodwin, Harrison, Hooper, Ratctfln&,*J r
nan, Kelley, Lansing-, Lodmis, Lovejoy, £,<!*, Mitch«tf,
Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Jusui S. Morrill, Nixon,
Timothy G. I'helps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John ,
H. ltice, Edward H. Rollins; Saiseilt, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabargcr, Sherman, Sloan; Stevens, Stratton.Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Wyek, Verree,-Wallace, Albert .S.White,
Wilson, and Wlndam—61.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on Mr. LovEjorV
motion. „ , ,. ,
The previous question was seconded, and the,,
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the motion was agreed to'.
Mr. JOHNSON. We nave to wait for the ex*-
ecution of that order, and 1 move that we take a
recess for half an hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order during a call of the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope, by unanimous
consent, that the House will take a recess until'
twelve o'clock, m., Thursday. Let us go home,
get our breakfast, and come back here fresh.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Provided we can come to a
vote.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I call the gentle-
man to order. No business is now in order except
the execution of the order of the House. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. How can the Sergeant-at-
Artns or his clerk tell who are to be arrested as
absentees.^
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A list of the ab-
sentees is furnished by the Clerk of the House.
Mr. iVIALLORY moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that thegentleman from
New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] be permitted
to continue his remarks concerning; the absence
of his colleasue, [Mr. Olin.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. LOW. As we have to wait for a report
from the clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms, I hope
that the gentleman from Indiana will favor us with
the song, "At midnight in slumber the sailor boy
lay." [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not a musician; and I
prefer that the eloquent gentleman from California
shpuld make us a speech.
Mr. POTTER. In the present sad condition'
of the country, I think that these proceedings are
disgraceful.
Mr. ROBINSON. So I have thought for five
hours.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Potter] means that the efforts of
gentlemen on that side of the House to force the
infamous bill of thegentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] are disgraceful, 1 concur with him
in opinion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Business having intervened.,
I move that the gentleman be permitted to con-
tinue his speech. [Laughtei]
The clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms presented
himself at the bar of the House, having in cus-
tody Mr. Olin. „
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Olin, you
have absented yourself from the House without
its consent; what excuse have you to offer?
Mr. OLIN. If the Chair please, I have not
been absent. [Laughter.] The records of the
House will show that I voted on the last yeas
and nays, and was present when the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois was adopted;
therefore I was improperly arrested. The reso-
lution only authorized the arrest of absent mem-
bers.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The roll was
called twice,and on neither call did thegentleman
answer to his name. He was therefore, under
the rules, reported absent. The 36th rule is as
follows:
"36. Upon the call of the House, the names of the mem-
bers shall be called over by the Clerk, and the absentees
noted ; after wlucll the rianies of the absentees hliall again
be called over; the doors shall then be shut, and those for
whom no excuse or insufficient excuses are made may, by
order of those present, if fifteen in number, be taken into
custody as they appear, or may be sent iox aud taken into
