1863.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay for the lands which belonged to certain pri-
vate individuals in the Eaton township. At the
very last session Congress passed a law to pay for
them; but Maine and Massachusetts have stood
back; and patriotic as they have been, patriotic
as they were then, and are now, they have not
been paid. They ought to have been paid long,
long ago. The price of these lands, which were
the lands selected by the settlers, and, ns a mat-
ter of course, they would select the he«t bnds
they could find, ls'put down to §1 25 an aero. I
think Maine presents a very modest claim; and
it is a just one, which ought to be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a little strange that
Maine and Massachusetts could have so large a
claim as this, and a just claim, and live through
twenty years without ever getting the sanction of
both Houses of Congress to it? During those
twenty yeais there have been several periods
when money was overflowing in the Treasury;
5vhen gold was superabundant—at one time the
balance in the Treasury was $18,000,000—when
the Congress sought new objects of investment
and new objects o'f appropriation in order to get
rid of the overflowing money; when we bought
our bonds at nineteen and twenty per cent, pre-
mium, in order to get i id of the surplus of money
on hand. If this claim was so just, why was it
not presented unci urged upon Congress at that
time? Why wasjt not then put on an appropri-
ation bill? Why is it reserved til! this moment,
in the hour of our country's saddest calamity,
in the hour of struggle, when we are borrowing
money at high rates; when our Secretary of the
Treasury is compelled to resort to every expe-
dient to get money; why present such a claim at
such a lime, and foice it through Congress during
the last hours of the session ? We must be care-
ful of the public credit. We must not be no reek-
  less in squandering the public money. We must
guard off at least these doubtful and disputed
claims until the sunshine of prosperity dawns upon
us again. Then if Maine and Massachusetts have,
a just claim, we shall have ample means to pay
it. But now, sir, in the last moments of the ses-
sion, disputed and doubtful claims of tins kind
ought not to be forced through Congress in this
way on an appropriation bill. Such movements
as these, such attempts to increase oiu national
expendituies by doubtful claims, tend to impair
the public credit and to destroy the value of our
securities a bundled fold more than the amount
of these doubtful appropriations. Therefore, sir,
1 resist them.
I know this is an old claim, and it is familiar to
me. It has been presented a good many times,
and it never received the sanction of both Houses
of Congress. Theie is a long story connected
with it. I am not sufficiently familiar with the facts
now, although I lead the papers two or three years
ago; but I could tell a very different tale if those,
papers were fresh to my memory. They are not;
and we are called upon suddenly, without having
the question presented to the Senate at all, to de-
cide on the merits of this claim, when no one is
armed with the facts that would show it had been
paid so far as Maine is concerned. The land she
ceded by the Ashburton treaty wasdisputed. Gieat
Britain claimed it all, and claimed more; and Anally
it was settled by oil" of New England's greatest
states men. It was Webster, if anybody, that gave
away the land of Massachusetts and Maine. It
was Webster that surrendered those broad do-
mains of beautiful lands about which so much is
now said. It was Webster that agreed that the
land north of a certain line belonged to Great
Britain, and not to Maine or the United States of
Ameiica. Now, is it likely that he would have
sacrificed the nghts of his own bu th^place, lS7ew
England r Is it probable that he would surrender
the fairest land of the State of Maine or any other
portion of New England to Great Britain 5
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If the honorable Senator
will allow rne, it was Webster who, in writing to
the commissions of Massachusetts and Maine on
tins subject, said:
The price of the ec-^ion, tiioiefore, whatever it might
b<\ wmld ii) hurries belong to s?Ute& interested m the man-
ner of that adjustment
The money price which Great Britain paid,
§300,000, was paid over atthe time; but the other
consideration for the otherlands we obtained from
Great Britain was the consideration that we \gcre
to quiet the titles to these very lands which were
in the possession of settlers, for which Maine has
not received compensation.
Mr, SHERMAN. Mr. Webster was a mem-
ber of this body for years after this treaty was
made. He was in Congress since Maine and Mas-
sachusetts have presented this claim, and it has
always been repudiated. IIow comes it, if this
claim was so just and meritorious, that they were,
never tjble to convince both Houses of that fact?
How comes it that Mr. Webster, who knew all
the facts, was not able to convince the Congress
of the United States that the money was due to
Massachusetts? Why is it that the claim is with-
held until this moment, of all others the worst for
us to pay, when the facts are banished from, the
recollection of the generation of men who now
govern this country, when all the men who took
part in adjusting this treaty and these claims arc
now dead? Sir, I say we should guard our ap-
propriation bills especially from these old claims.
Mr. MORRILL. When the Senator says this
is a doubtful claim he may think so, and it may
be so with him; but when he makes the confession
that he has not examined it, I do not understand
exactly on what authority he makes the assertion.
If the Senator does not know whether it is a
doubtful claim or not, that is one thing; but if he
makes the asset tion that it is doubtful, and tells
the Senate he has not examined it, but if hq had
the opportunity he would do so, I should like to
know upon what ground he makes that assertion.
I should like to know, also, by what authority the
Senator undertakes to say this claim has never been
recognized by this Congress or by any Congress.
I say to him, when he talks about that, he talks
abouWtohat he does not know anything of; lie is
talking against the record. Sir, this very claim
has been lecogmzed by this Congress time and
again; and the honorable.Senator's colleague re-
ported upon this identical claim, not this item, but
a claim involving this item, and involving the
whole question, two or.three years ago. Reports
have been., repeatedly made to both branches of
Congress, and the piinciple has been settled by
both branches of Congress repeatedly upon full
reports of all the facts in I his case, and they have
passed both branehesofCongress repeatedly, both ■
while the honorable SenaUu was a member of this j
body, i\s well as while he was a member of the I
other House. 1 submit that it does not come with j
a good grace from him to say we ate dealing with j
doubtful claims; and the inquiry has no greatsig- l
nificance why this claim comes up here at this j
late day. It has been recognized repeatedly and j
prosecuted often. This very Congress at its last |
session, on a full report, appropriated $48,000 to j
pay for a portion of the land, standing precisely |
on the principles of this amendment and precisely :
on the same date of facts. 11 is a very easy thing
to get up here and talk about questionable claims
and doubtful claims  •*
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The Senator will allow
mo to state that in paying for those lands in the
Eaton township which belonged, not to Maine or
Massachusetts, but to private individuals, we put
them at the rate of four dollars per acre. The
committee now simply propose to pay Maineand
Massachusetts $1 25 an aeie.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 undertake to say that there
is no doubt about this claim at all, and I under-
take to say there never has been; and I undertake
to s'ty, fmther, that no lawyer, no man who pre-
tends to be a lawyer, after an examination of it,
*vould deny that it is a claim originating in treaty
stipulations as clear and as palpable as they can
be stated. Maine is not here asking doubtful
claims at the hands of the General Government.
This claim has been lon^ deferred, always admit-
ted, always conceded, always recognized, butde-
layed and deferred;, and I am not to be met at this
moment by the remark that we are denling m
doubtful chums, especially by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, when he is obliged to make the
confession, after dealing in these sweeping denun-
ciations, that he knows nothing about it, and that
if he had time he would examine it.
Sir, Maine surrendered over three million and
a half acres ofhei teriitory to enable this Gov-
ernment to make treaty stipulations with Great
Britain. The honorable Senator it is not at
all likely that Mr. Webster, the great statesman
of New England, would give up this territory, 1
assert that such was the fact; and there was no
dispute whatever about this territory. The Sen-
ate of tli& United States,-and the Congress of Che
United States had declared longbefore thaUreaty
was made that the title of Maine-to that territory
was indisputable. That is the record here, that
the title of Maine to this territory was -not dis-
puted. It was claimed by Great Britain. Con-
gress investigated it through a committee,
declared that the title of Maine to that territory
was indisputable. That was in 1838. AtaJater
period this treaty was made; and for the sake of
settling the whole boundary between Great Brit-
ain and this country from the Atlantic to the Pa*
cific, Maine was victimized to the amount of three
million and a half acres of her territory, What
did she get? Everybody who knowsthehistory
of that treaty, or who is at all conversant with
the state of public affairs in connection with that
treaty, knows that she got nothing. Maine and
Massachusetts received no other equivalent what-
ever than the enhanced value of the lands which
went to Vermont and Michigan. Those lands
that were acquired, and which were considered
advantageous to these other States, were valued
at $300,000; and they gave that sum to Maine.
This is not a claim raised against the General
Government for the lands taken from Maine; but
it is a claim arising under treaty stipulation,
whereby the General Government agreed to ac-
quire the possessory title to the lands of the occu-
pants. That is the claim, and that has been as-
certained. If ihe honorable Senator had been a
little more careful and looked into this case, and
read the report of the committee who in vestigated
this subject, he would have seen that there was
no doubt about it; that it has been ascertained by
a commission. I do not care to say more on the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. This may be the best claim in
the world for aught I know; but I have not had
an opportunity to examine it. When an appro-
priation bill comes up before us, I have an op-
portunity to know whether the Committee on
Finance have followed the estimates or not; for
there is a book of estimates setting out every item
they put into their bill, and 1 know upon what
the estimate is based. It, refers to a law. I can turn
to the law,and trace it back and see exactly upon
what the whole, thing is predicated. But when I
come here to vote on this appiopnation bill, I do
notexpectto come with my pockets full of reports
of the Committee on Foieign Relations or the
Committee on Claims. I do not know when that
report of the Committee on Foreign Relations was
submitted which the Senator from Maine has just
read from. It may have been at this session of
Congress, or at some preceding session; but here
is a new question sprung upon us. If I ever saw
that rcpoi t, I certainly have not seen it during this
session of Congress.
Mr. MOR.RILL. It was made at this session.
Mr. GRfMES. It may have been ma^e at this
session. I expected to have an opportunity to
read the report when the bill came up for consid-
eration in the Senate as tin independent proposi-
tion, as it was the design of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to bring it up; but it seems they
discovered that the bill hud not merit enough in
and of itself to force its passage through the Sen-
ate, and so they concluded to put it on a general
appropriation bill, and force us cither to vote for
that with the appropriation bill, or else lose the
appropriation bill. 1 give fair warning that I will
not be forced to vote for private claims 
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. It is not a pnvate claim.
Mr. GRIMES. It is m the rnUure of a private
claim. They say it is founded m a treaty. It
is founded upon a treaty, it is ti ue; but that ti eaty
has to be liquidated, the amount has to be liqui-
dated. They have set about, by ■-•omo process or
other, known probably to the members of that
committee, but not known to me, to determine the
exact amount. The amount belongs, it is true,
not to a private individual, but to the State of
Maine. It may not be technically a private claim,
but if is in the nature of a private claim: and ought
to come just as much within the rule as any other
private claim: for the provision of our rule which
alludes to appropriations based upon a treaty
was not intended to cover such oases as these at
ail. It was intended to cover a case where the
amount to be paid was settled and fixed,liquidated
by the terms of the treaty itself, and here it was
not done, but it svas left to some other tribunal
that might be established after that to determine
