im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 8.
what the amount was. In order to ascertain what
that amount was, I am compelled to peruse aH
those reports, to examine the record ofthose
commissioners. That would not be so in the
case of a treaty where the amount is fixed by the
terms of the treaty itself; and it is to such a case
that the rule of the Senate refers.
Mr. HOWE. If we had a report from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury informing us just how
many bonds of the United States the community
would take up, I do not know but I would be
willing to authorize the whole amount to be made
at once and distributed among the States on some
equitable terms; of course expecting the members
of this Congress to take their quota first out of
them by way of mileage and otherwise, [laugh-
ter;] but we have no such report, and we do not
know certainly but what the whole amount is al-
ready«out.
Now, as to this particular claim, it seems to me
of very doubtful propriety, to say the least, in
several respects. I do not understand that the
State of Maine or the State of Massachusetts has
paid anything to their citizens to quiet any titles,
or any claims of title they may have to any por-
tion of the lands which were relinquished by the
Ashburton treaty.
Mr. SUMNER.. The Senator will allow me
to remind him that was not the obligation of the
treaty; the United States were to pay.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that, sir; and T
suppose that obligation is still good against the
United States; and if there are any citizens of
Maine or Massachusetts who have claims under
that treaty, I suppose the United States are able
to meet them; and 1 should suppose those citizens
would have come forward and made their claims
known before this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say to the
Senator that this claim is for lands owned by the
States.
Mr. HOWE. I understand it covers the claims
of those States as> well, and it is a condition of
this appropriation that the States shall procure
the relinquishment of such claims as citizens may
hnve to these lands. I do not see why the Gov-
ernment cannotsettle with thescclaunants justas
well as to hire the States to do it. Wo do not
expect that these States will pay their citizens
any more than the appropriation we make. They
may not pay as much, and they may pay just as
much. When the claims are presented here,
when we can see what they are, and who hold
them, and what the grounds are upon winch they
lest, it does seem to me that that is tune enough
to make the appropriations. I do not sen why
we should employ these States to act as brokeis
for the United States in settling up this treaty.
Mr. SUMNER. If we cannot see the grounds
on which the claim rests, then 1 think the Senate
will not be called upon to make any appropria-
tion. ll is because we do sec the ground on which
tin; claim ic.si.s lhat the Senator from Wisconsin
has reported this amend men t from the Committee
on Foteign Relations; and that is my reply to the
Senator fiom Wisconsin.
Now, for the Senator from Iowa, whom I do
not see in his place. lie said that this was a new
matter, sprung upon us unexpectedly, and that
he wished tune to examine it. I can well under-
stand that the Senator from Iowa should make
such a complaint, and should ask time to examine
this pioposition; for he hasl.ttteily !>< on so much
occupied in urging appropi iations for the Navy
and legislation /or the Navy, that he; may very
naturally have neglected other matters of import-
ance pending befoie the Senate. In point of fact,
this claim has been, during this whole session,
pending before the Senate—indeed, during this
whole Confess; and only a few weeks ago the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. DoolittlkJ re-
potted a bill from the Committee on Foteign Re-
lations providing for the payment of the claims*;
and with that bill was a report explaining the
whole character of the claims, and vindicating
them, and showing the grodnds on which they aie
founded. Had the Senator from Iowa chosen to
give attention to that matter, instead of to many
oth< r matters,on which he has,so advantageously
to our country, employed Ins time and talents, he
would have been in a condition, I think, to under-
stand the pioposition orr which we are now to
vote. I am sure, however, he would not then
have made the complaint that this claim was sud-
denly sprung upon us, and said that he wished
time to examine it.
And now as to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] He spoke with ardor, but he will par-
don me if I say, with very little knowledge of the
question. It is very natural that one who takes
counsel of his ardor rather than of his knowledge,
of his imagination rather than the facts, should
go forward even as earnestly and energetically as
that eminent Senator did against this claim with
regard to which he had such httle knowledge. If
I can remember what fell from the Senator, it may
be presented under at least two heads: first, the
Senator found the claim old, and, said he, tri-
umphantly," why is a claim so old thus brought
forward ? If it were really a good claim it would
have been recognized long ago." Need I remind
the Senator that Maine and Massachusetts have
had claims as old as most of the Senators on this
floor, which were only recognized three years ago,
to the amount of many hundreds of thousands of
dollars? And yet the argument of the Senator
would displace all those large claims. That is the
precise argument which he now makes against this
claim.
There is another argument of the Senator, to
this effect: that we are now engaged in a war, and
this is not the time to bring forward this claim.
Sir, I believe much as our resources may be tried,
they are not tried so much that this country can-
not afford to do justice.
That brings me to the other proposition of the
Senator, so far as i could analyze the very swift
remarks which he made, that this was not a just
claim, and that it had no foundation in law or in
fact. The whole claim stands upon a very few
lines of the treaty familiarly known as the Ash-
burton treaty, to this effect:
u And all equitable pos*e>soiy elaimsarismgfrom a pos-
sesion ami improvement oi amy lot oi paieel of laud by the
person actually in po-w-Mon, oi by tho~.e under whom Mich
person ehuuis, lot moiutlian six years before the date of
tins tieaty, shall in like manner be deemed valid, and be
contained and quieted Ijy a ielea-.e to the pen-on entitled
thereto of the title to lot or parei I of land so described
as be-t lo include the improvements made thereon."
There, sir, is one of the solemn obligations as-
sumed by our country. Bu-t lhat is not all. The
treaty goes on to say:
"And in all other inspect* the two contracting parties
agree to deal upon tins nio-^t liberal pMnciplo4-of equity with
the settlets aoiually dwelling upon the teiruaiy tailing to
litem, le-spectivoly, which has lieretofote been in depute
between them."
They agreed to deal upon the must liberal prin-
ciples of equity. Now, if I understood the argu-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, he proposes no
equity; ho. pi oposes no dealing on the subject, but
an actual rejection of this claim. I insist that,
under the treaty, the United States is bound to
deal with those parties according to the most lib-
eral principles of equity; and I insist that it is
never too latere do justice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 enircatSenators to come
to a vote on this proposition. If debate continues
in this way, we shall lose the bill; and if we lose
the bill, we .shall certainly lose the claim, if it is
put on. I do not intend to say a word about it.
My position as chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and what! have said to the Senate here-
tofore, compel me to forbear remarks in relation
to this matter; and I hope we shall have a \ote.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a very old claim,
outlawed by all the rules of outlawry, and the
statute of limitations might l c bi ought m against
it. I do not propose to examine it ciitically. It
has kept for twenty-one or twenty-two years when
the country was in a position to j^iy the claim, if
it was just and equitable; when the country was
in a situation to pay without suffering; and now
what is our situation ? Here we are struggling
almost for existence. While the credit of the States
of Massachusetts and Maine stands high, the credit
of our national Tieasury is low. Why should
they pi ess this old, ou tlawed claim at such a time
as this? If it has kept twenty-one years, will it
not keep a year or two longer? I do not know
anything about the character of the claim. I do
not know whether these lands were worth 25
or worth ten cents—the price at which the State
of Maine sold whole townships twenty-one years
as;o. At that time whole townships could bo
bought in Maine at ten cents an acre. How do
we know whether thisclaim is a just one or not?
I hope the amendment \wli be rejected. I think
i the chairman of the Committee on Finance should
withdraw it as an improper claim to be put on this
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not offer it; I had
nothing to do with it. 1 cannot withdraw what I
did not offer.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not debate the mat-
ter, but I hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; asfollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Davis, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Henderson,Morrill,Rice, Sumner, Tur-
pie, Wilkinson, and Wilson of Massachusetts—L4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Grimes, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Hick*, Howaid, Ilowe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Nesmith,
Ponieroy, Powell, Richardson, Saulsbury, Sheiman, Ten
Eyck, Wall, and Wilson of Missouri—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POSTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move the follow-
ing amendment, which will properly come in at
the foot of page 13, after line three hundred and
six:
For encouraging emigration from Europe to the United
States, to be expended under the supervision of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and subject to such regulation as he
may prescribe, 00,000, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. FOSTER. I must ask for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
not do that.
Mr. FOSTER. Well, I will withdraw the
amendment for the present, but 1 shall offer it
again in the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the fol-ft
lowing amendment, as a new section:
Jtnd be it further enacted, That the sum of $13,000 be,
and the same is hut eby, apptopri-ited, to be paid out of any
money in the TreaMiiy not otheiwise appiopnated, for re-
constructing the budges mid market-house in Geoigetown,
built, across the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, and lor rais-
ing the same so as to open a convenient outlet to the trade
of the canal to the Potomac river, in place of that which
has been interrupted by the oecupation of the aqueduct
connecting the Chesapeake and Ohio and the Alexandria
canals as a bridge for the transportation of supplies lor
the Army of the United States across said river; said sum
to lie expended under the direction of the president of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to say one
word. 1 do beg Senators to be as forbearing as
possible. We cannot possibly save this bill if
these amendments are to be put on in this way.
Unless Senators let us get through in a very short
time it will beoutof the question to get it through.
In the first place, it must go back to the House,
and the House must act on the amendments, and
then we must have committees of conference, and
then the bill is to be enrolled, and it is a very long
bill. I do hope, therefore, that Senators will not
press any doubtful questions.
Mr. SUMNER. J enter into all the ideas of
the Senator from Maine. I am intrusted by my
committee with certain amendments. I send an
amendment to the Chair, which I am directed to
offer by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to
come in on page 14, at line three hundred and
twenty-three.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo) e. Thatdoesnot
indicate the point in the bill winch the Secretary
is acting upon.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not th^dvantage of
knowing wiiat the Secretary is acting upon. I
have before me the printed bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
intimated before that that does not indicate the
point at which the amendment shall come in.
Mr. SUMNER. It is to insert, if there is any
head ielating- to the Department of State or the
department of foteign relations, the following:
For a minister lesident in Greece. §3,700.
The explanation of that is this 
Mr, RICE. We do not want any explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; if you will pass
it, I will not say a word.
The amendment was agreed to.
&Ir. SUMNER. I now move, from the Com-
