1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5i
termine whether th^memberg arrested shall be
discharged with or without the payment of fees.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And if they are discharged
without paying fees, the Sergeant-at-Arms is paid
out of the Treasury of the tJmted States ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not say as to that.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Oh, that is the law. Does
the order extend to all absentees ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. To all who have
not been excused by the House. A number have
npf*n pypuspfi
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should like to have the
list of the absentees who have not been excused
read.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Clerk is now
preparing the list, in pursuance of the order of the
House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it in order to
move an adjournment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I am satisfied that
this matter will proceed no further, And I move
that the House do now adjourn. The bill will
come up again at twelve o'clock under the rules.
Mr. ARNOLD. Then let us adjourn. The
gentleman has stated that there will be no more
dilatory proceedings.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I say I am satis-
fied there is no disposition to carry the matter any
further. I cannot say more than that.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask leave to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Ohio. '
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is no objection to the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moorhead.]
The question was taken on Mr. Vali.andig-
kam's motion; and there were—ayes 31, noes 43.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I have a proposition which
I wish to offer to the House as a substitute for the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
[Loud cries of "Read it!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is no
objection, it will be read. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. CLEMENTS. It is a-substitute for the
proviso at the end of the bill of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. If you will make some prop-
osition to take tWe vote without further delay, we
will agree to that.
Mr. CLEMENTS. I am willing that it shall
be taken at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. We make no bargainsjust
now.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, the bill is not now be-
fore the House for amendment.
■JJhe SPEAKER pro tempore. The House gave
unanimous consent to have the proposition ofthe
gentleman from Tennessee read; and it will now
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Providci, That In the States of Delaware, Maryland, that
part of Virginia known as West Virginia, Kentucky, Mis-
souri, and Tennessee, no person owing service or labor to
another person shall be enlisted under this act.
[Loud cries of " Object!"] ,
Mr. SARGENT. I ask leave to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallah"-
djgham-]
There was no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. In making the motion to ad-
journ, the gentleman from Ohio stated he was sat-
isfied this thing would go no further. I would
like to inquire if he intended us to understand by
that that upon consultation with any considerable
number of the gentlemen associated with him, he
understood from them that dilatory motions would
cease to-morrow if the motion to adjourn were
carried ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Several hours ago
I had spoken to nearly all the gentlemen upon this
side of the House, and 1 then so understood. I
made the statement without any further consulta- J
tiori with any one. That has been my impres- |
sion for several hours past, as is very well'known j
to several gentlemen on both sides of the House, j
But when I spoke a few moments ago it was with- j
out any authority beyond that. Since that time j
I find that there are gentlemen upon this side of the j
House who are disposed to object, justas there are :
gentlemen on the other side who raise objections, !
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not at this mo-
ment. The statement I made to the House was
the extent to which I felt at liberty to go; several
hours ago, when I spoke with gentlemen on the
subject, that was my impression. Now, I may
be permitted to add, what the Chair and other gen-
tlemen here will recollect, that this is not the first
scene of the kind I have witnessed here; for in the
course of six years we have had many of them.'
They can have but one end; we all know that;
and it will end just in that way, whether it is pro-
tracted for three hours longer, or ten.hours longer,
or twenty-four hours longer. There will be sub-
stantially the same ending when every one is
wearied out. My own impression is that it is
better to come to the point which we must reach
finally without going through this tedious and
wearisome scene. My great object was to obtain
an adjournment long ago.
Mr. VOORHEES. Does the gentleman from
Ohio refuse to allow me to ask him a question?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He cannot yield
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to his yielding.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wished the gentleman
from Ohio to respond to my question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will be glad to do
so. What is it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Indiana is not in order.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope he will be allowed
to proceed, and let us understand this matter.
There was no objection.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish to speak in perfect
good faith to the House. I was not the first to
go into this measure. My judgment disapproved
of it at the start. I have been always ready to
vote on any measure of legislation, and 1 would
never resort to dilatory measures to defeat it, un-
less it were, perhaps, to protect the personal rights
of the minority, within the rules of the House.
But once embarked in a measure of this kind, I
legcird it as involving a question of personal honor
to stand by it. And I think I am authorized to say
on behal fof nine tenths of the gcntteflien with whom
I have been acting to-night, that we enter into no
engagement and make no conditions on this sub-
ject. We wish there may be no misunderstand-
ing on that point.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to confirm that by my
statement. (Calls to order.]
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 hope I mayb'c allowed
to make a brief statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker. I have gone
into this measure for the life of my State. This
bill is destructive of it, and will produce danger to
the harmony of its people, and a conflict between
that State and the Government of the United
States. So far as I am concerned, I will stand
here, with the help of God, until the 4th day of
March, eat and sleep and drink in this House, be-
fore yielding one inch to enable the majority to
pass a bill which would be ruinous to my State,
ruinous to its peace, and fatal to the restoration of
the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to inguire what dispo-
sition has been made of the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Diven.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The clerk of the
Sergeant-at-A rms is carrying itinto execution.
Mr. HOLMAN, (at twenty minutes to five,
a. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise to a question of privi-
lege. I ask the unanimous consent to read three
or four lines from a paper which is before me.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 object.
Mr. PERRY. I move to dispense with all
further proceedings under the call.
The motion Wds not agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, (at five o'clock, a. m.) I move
that, the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MORRIS. I withdraw the motion.
The clerk to the Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at
the bar of the House having in custody one of its
members, who had been absent without leave,
namely, Mr. Brown, of Virginia.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. William"
Brown, you have been absent from the session
of the House without its leave..,What excuse
have you "to render for your absence? ' ,
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. "Mr. Speaker, I
stayed here until aft# two o'clock this morning.
My general health is not good, although there.is
nothing very special about it, and so I wenfc to
my boarding-housfc and retired, to bed, and had ,
just got asleep when 1 was aroused. That is just,
the truth of the case. , '
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to excuse the. gen-,
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend bv add-
ing, "on his paying the cost of his arrest." The
gentleman is a member not only from Virginia,
but from Western Virginia; and it will be recol-
lected what solemn appeals were made a month
or two ago on behalf of his section of the coun-
try; and therefore he should not set a bad exam-
ple by his absence. 1 hope he will not be dis-
charged except on payment of the costs of his
arrest.
Mr. GRIDER. This is his first offense, and
I hope he will be dealt leniently by.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia whether he was aware that the
House was in session ?
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I was aware of
that fact until after two o'clock.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to add "and
that he also agrees not to dodge again."
Mr. MAYNARD. That suggestion comes
with a very bad grace from the gentleman front
Indiana.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to make the
point of order on the gentleman from Indiana,
that he himself is not present in the House, and
cannot submit any motion. He is as derelict as the
gentleman from Virginia, except, perhaps, in point
of time. *
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not understood the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It
may have been personal.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot repeat. I am not
a repeater. When I wind up,I always sitdown.
The question was taken on Mr, Maynard's
amendment, and it was adopted.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to; and
Mr. Brown, of Virginia, was discharged from
custody on payment of fees.
Mr. "HOLMAN. The gentleman from Tennes-
see had some proposition which he wished to pre-
sent to the House sometime ago. I suggest that
he have an opportunity to present it now.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLEMENTS. My proposition was to
strike out the proviso to the bill before the House,
and insert what was read at the Clerk's de3k a
few minutes ago.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the gentleman
may be heard upon his amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. CLEMENTS. The proposition speaks
for itself. I do not propose to discuss it.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will allow me, some gentlemen have been
in consultation, and it is thought a vote may, by
unanimous consent, be taken to-night, on recon-
sidering the vote ordering the main question; and
that the House then adjourn. The question will
then come up independent of the main question
to-morrow when we meet, and the bill will of
course be subject to amendment. I accede to
that, if it is satisfactory to the other side of the
House.
[Cries of" Agreed!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair then
understands the proposition to be that by unani-
mous consent the vote ordering the main question
shall be understood to be reconsidered, all inci-
dental motions now pending dispensed with, and
the bill postponed until the meeting of the House
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HOLMAN. When it will be open for
debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Open for debate
or amendment under the rules of the House. Is
there objection to the proposition?
There being no objection, the proposition was
agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty-five minutes to six o'clock, a. m.,) the
House adjourned.
