THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1863.
New Series No.
mitteeon Foreign Relations, the following amend-
ment as a new section:
- And be it further enacted, That the President bo, and he
hereby is, authorized to facilitate a pioper lepresontation
of the industrial interests ot the United States atthe iutei-
national agricultural exhibition, to be lu ld at Hambutg in
July, 1863: and that, in order to defray or aid in defraying
the expenses thereof, the sum of $10,000, or so much thereof
as may be required, is hereby appropriated to pay transpor-
tation to New York, thence to Hamburg, and back to their
respective places, of such article-? as may be sent for exhi-
bition ; anil the fui ther turn of §3.000 nir salaries and all
other expense-? of a commissioner and a clerk to attend the
same; to be paid out of any money in th« Trcasuiy not
otherwise appropuated : Provided, That the said commis-
sioner yhall give timely notice, by advertisement in the prin-
cipal newspapers of the country, of the purport of tins reso
lution ; that he shall make the necessaiy auangements for
preparing and forwarding the articles deliveted to him, at-
tend them at the exhibition, and receive and deliver them,
on their return, to then owners, and report the proceedings
to the Secretary of the Intel ior : And providedfui ther, That
all articles so forwarded from this country shall, on their
return, enter free of duty, any act or acts to the contrary
notwithstanding.
I merely wish to remark that this is for an agri-
cultural exhibition. It is not a general exhibition
like that which was in London daring last spring,
but is for an agricultural exhibition in Germany.
Let me say that at this moment it is by corn we
are paying our debt in Europe. Corn, as we see,
has now taken the place of cotton; and corn, as
we oil know, is the great representative of agri-
culture. If Senators are willing to encourage agri-
culture, let them vote for this appropriation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to have
it.
Mr. SUMNER.' I ask for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator move it again in the Senate, or insist on a
division now ?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will move it again in the
Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations to offer another amend-
ment, to add as a new section:
And be it farther enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized, vvhenevei
In his judgment the public interests may require, to discon-
tinue the consulate of the United States at Trinidad de
Cuba, and to appoint at Cienfuegos, in that island, a consul
with the same salary and emoluments as those now allowed
by law at Trinidad de Cuba.
The amendment simply proposes to changc the
consul from Tiinidad de Cuba to Cienfuegos,
where the public interest requires that there should
be a consul.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations to offer another amend-
ment, to insert as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the act ap-
proved August 18, 3 856, entitled "An aet to regulate the
diplomatic and consular systems of the United States," as
prohibits the granting of passports to any oilier than citi-
srens of the United States, &hail be, and is hercbv, repealed,
so far as that prohibition may embrace any clays of persons
liable to military duty by the laws of the United States.
That has become necessary by a clause in-
serted in the conscription act the other day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand U; it is all
right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer, by way of amend-
ment, another section not entirely germane to the
bill, but I think there will be no objection to it:
it is very necessary that it should pass:
And be it further cnactcd, Thatany person whoshall here-
after, either duectly or mdireetlv, make, purchase, pell,
pass, negotiate, oi have in in> po^-ession with intent to pass
the same, any note, cheek, bill, oi token, calculated or de-
signed tocueulate as money, and not authorized by the laws
o/any State oi of the United States, oi an\ bond, promis-
sory note, or other obligation made or issued, or put poi ting
to have been made or issued by the so-called confederate
States, or by ativ association of States now in icbellion
against the lawful authonty of the United States, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon convic-
tion t'hereof, lie punished by a fine not exceeding $5,000, or
by imprisonment not exceeding two yeats, or both, at the
discretion of the comt.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
90
a tor from Michigan if theeffoctof his amendment
would not be to prohibit trading in the bonds of
the States of Tennessee, South Carolina, Louisi-
ana, and other States, that have been in circula-
tion heretofore throughout the country before
ihoic States went into rebellion?
Mr. HOWARD. No; it has no relation to that
kind of securities. It simply relates to the spuri-
ous issues which are in circulation now, purport-
ing to have been made by the confederate States
so-called, or by some one ofthem, but really coun-
terfeit paper. It has become a great nuisance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer
the following amendment, to come in after the
section that iclates to public buildings:
For compensation to the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings as demising agent for the Patent Office building, and
the Capitol extension and dome for the currcut fiscal year,
$500.
Mr. GRIMES. How much does that increase
Jus salary ?
Mr. ANTHONY. U does not increase his sal-
ary. The Secretary of the Interior has appointed
the Commissioner of Public Buildings disbursing
agent for the Capitol extension and the dome, and
he has been required to give a bond of $40,000.
lie is disbursing all the money that is expended
on these works. A clerk could not have been em-
ployed to do the work without its costing a great
deal more than is here proposed to be allowed.
It is only for this year, and is merely an appro-
priation of $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have two
or three amendments to offer. I move to add to
the appropriations in the hill:
For the purchase of ground adjoining Winder's building,
and foi the enlai gement ot that building for the better ac-
commodation of th'v War Depiutnient, $100,000.
I will simply say that thin is asked for by Gen-
eral Meigs in his report. You have given him ad-
ditional clerks, and now you must give him room
for them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let him take the houses of
some of the secessionists here.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offer an-
other amendment:
For the purchase of the whole of squares five hundred
and sixty and five hundred and sixtj-two in the city of
Washington, with the building? and imnrowments there-
upon,as a permanent military hospital .$IW3,000. oi as much
thereof as may he necessary ; and for the nlteumon and
en!ai<rcm°nt ot the buildings and improvement of the
ground, §30,000, to be expended under the dnecuon of the
Quai terma&tei General.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Sur-
geon General and Secretary of War both tecom-
mend this purchase. The property can be pur-
chased for about one half what it cost.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. I move to strike out
"to be expended under the direction of the Quar-
termaster General."
Mi. FESSENDEN. Let us vote down the
proposition. It is grossly improper at this time.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. I withdraw my amend-
ment, if it is understood that the proposition is to
be voted down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I offeran-
othcr amendment;
And be it fuither cnactcd, That the <-um of $2,000,000 be,
and the same is heieby, appiopuated, out of any uioiicv in
the Treasury not otheivvi-.e appropriated, to be expended
under the direction ot the President of the United States,
and under such rules and regulations as he may adopt, lor
the puipose ot paying the expenses incuried by any State
or Stat'*?, any portion of the inhabitants of which may
have been or "may hereafter be in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United State's, in omaiiizma, arming, and
Mi^taimnar when organized, sueh lo\al citizens of Mich
State oi States as ufiv be emulledmto compmie.-,, battal-
ion'::, oi ifgimentstortheu protection against dnniostic vio-
lence, iiifuirectjoii, mvaeion, or lebelhon • I'roi ided, That
no part of this sun shall be expended in pa\ ing or reim-
bursing the t>a;d £uuc or .States for money used in paying
sueh troops for any time not spent in actual service, nor
unless sueh troops during the time of said service shall b©
subject to theoideis of the Federal officers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I am directed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia to offer the following1,
amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $20,000 be
appropriated' out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the purchase of land for the Colum-
bia Institute for the Deaf and Dumb, adjoining the present
grounds of the Institution, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretaiy of the Interior.
The question was put;and the amendment was
declared to be rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I call for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This was discussed last
year, and deliberately rejected. It has only grown
since.
Mr. DIXON. It was rejected then, it is true,
but merely for temporary reasons.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Connecticut, that
an opportunity will be afforded for offering his
amendment again in the Senate.
Mr. DIXON. Very well.
'Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I offer an amendment
that does not call for any additional appropria-
tion. It is to organize the signal corps—a measure
which passed the Senate, and passed the House
of Representatives, but that House incumbered it
with amendments, so that it has not been finally
acted on. I now move, with the approbation of
the Committee on Military Affairs, the following
additional sections:
And be it fuither 'cnactcd, That the signal corps of the
Army shall, during the present rebellion, be organized as
follows: Th^re shall be one chief signal officer, a colonel)
who shall be signal officer of the Army; one lieutenant col-
onel; two major*, who shall be inspectors; and fot each
army corps or military department theie shall be one cap-
tain and as many lieutenant, not exceeding eight, as tho
President may deem necessary, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident, hv and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
who shall leceivc the pav and emoluments of cavalry offi-
cers of similar grades; and for each officer of the signal
eoips theie may he enlisted or detailed one sergeant and
six privates, who shall receive the pay of similar grades of
engim-ei soldiers.: Provided, That no oflicer or enlisted man
shall be allowed to eeive in the siirnal corps until he shall
have been examined and approved by a military board to
be convened lor that puipose by the Secretaiy of War.
And be Ufurthcr enacted, That the officers and enlisted
men herein provided for shall be subject to the rules' and
aitielesof war. They may be mounted upon hojses, the
prpp<'rry of the United States, and shall eervc in any mlll-
taiy depaitment, oi with any forces, to which they may be
oidered. And officers of the Army who may be appointed
in this corp-> ma\, after th® lebeilion, be restored to their
tespfctive reffirnents! or eoips, and receive the same rank
and piomotion a5? if they had continued to serve therein.
Ami be it further enacted, That there shall be appointed
in the office of the signal officer two cloiks of class two.
And in -.electing officeis and men tor the orgatiiza'ion of
the signal corp* as heiein provided, preference shall be
given to such «im have served faithfully, or as arc now serv-
ing. in the acting signal coips ot the Ainiy.
And he it further enacted, That, in cider to allow time'
for their thoiongli examination, the President may appoint
tho officers authonzed by thisaet during tho ieces;R of Con-
gress ; which appointments shall bo submitted to the Sea-
ate at their next session foi their advice and consent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I beg leave to offer some
amendments under the head of "surveys of the
public lands." I cannot indicate the lines, as I
have not a copy of the bill which is before tho
Secretary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana adopted>
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 thought it was rejected.
There were half a dozen votes against it, and only
one for u, that I heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any
Senator demand a division?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do; or rather I demand
another vote by the voice, so that it may be under-
stood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair wilt
put the question a^ain on the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana,t and request Senators to
vote on one side or the other.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If there is to be a
division on this question, 1 beg to take up a mo-
