m
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBS.
January 29,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 29, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Eev. Dr. Sunderland.
.The Journal o,f yesterday was read andapproied.
PERSONA!, EXPLANATION.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I wish,in
the discharge of a duty, to do what I consider right
ai-4 proper under the circumstances, and that is to
e#peesS'ray sincere regret at what, occurred on
Tuesday evening last. 1 regret the violation of the
roles of "the body. I had no disposition and no
desire to violate those rules. If on that occasion
I-gaid anything offensive to any Senator, I exceed-
ingly regret it.
In reference to the possession of a pistol, it la
due to myself, as well as the Senate, to say that I
am not in the habit of bearing arms. 1 never bore
arms a month in all my life, and I would much
sooner have injured myself than to have injured
the Sergeant-ut-Arms or any Senator on this
floor.
I feel that it is due to my own manhood thus to
maku this plain, frank statement. I do not by it
mean to influence the action of the Senate on the
resolution introduced yesterday. I do it, acting
on a principle which has governed me through
life -.when satisfied I hat I haveacted w rong, to make
a-manly acknowledgment of it. And I now say
to any individual Senator, tlmt if on tlmtoccnsion
I used toward linn discourteous language, I regret
it and lake it back.
' Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I came into the
Senate this morning with the determination to call
up immediately the resolution which 1 introduced
yesterday. I thought the Senate owed it to the
country and owed it to itself to take prompt ac-
tion upon that resolution. Upon the statement,
however, made this morning by the Senator from
Delaware, 1 will not call it up this morning, but 1
will take the advice of older Senators in the body,
and then take such action as I may be advised.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. TURPIE presented ihe credentials, of the
Hon. Thomas A. Hendricks, elected a Senator
by the Legislature of the State of Indiana for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1863; which were read, and ordered
to be filed;
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNING presented resolutions of the
Executive Board of the Illinois State Agricultural
Society, in favor of an enlargement of the De-
partment of Agriculture; which were referred to
the Commiitee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of Joseph
Walters, assistant engineer United States Navy,
praying to be indemnified for property lost by the
sinking of the Monitor; which was referred to the
Committee on Na,val Affaiis,
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of one hundred
and sixty acres of land, in the Fort Howard mil-
itary reserve, to the Fort Howard Cemetery. As-
sociation, for a cemetery for soldiers; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SJJMNER. I present the memorial of
Joseph B. Woodbury, of Boston, inventor of a
new method of arming war vessels, by which
they can be so submerged as to approach a hostile
vessel with impunity, and can then attack with
submerged batteries and shot, which can be made
to penetrate below the ports of such hostile ves-
sels, protected by iron plating, and then exploded.
The memorialist prays that Congress will appro-
priate the sum of |50 00Q to enable him to make
further experiments in arming war vessels, and
that he may also be paid a reasonable sura for each
vessel of war which has been or may be provided,
by direction of the Secretary of the Navy, with
the submarine gun of which he is the inventor and
patentee. 1 move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I hope not. The Committee on
Naval Affairs have nothing on earth to do with
anything of that sort. They have been bothered
more than a little with applications of that kind
from inventors and ingenious people who think
that the Committee on Naval Affairs have some-
thing to do with such matters, forgetting that our
duties are legislative entirely. This matter should
go appropriately to the Navy Department. We
were bothered at the last session, week after week,
aTid month after month, with applications of this
sort; and I hope the Senate wijl not encourage
them by receiving these memorials,and referring
them to the Committee on Naval Affairs,^ I think
the appropriate course would be to let it lie on the
table, or send it to the Navy Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is cus.tomary'i -when
memorials of such a character are presented, that
they be respectfully received and considered by a
committee; and the most appropriate committee
for the consideration of this memorial is surely
the Committee on Naval Affairs, which has the
advantage of the counsels of my distinguished
friend from New Hampshire, and also the Sena-
tor from Iowa. I think that I cannot do any thing
better for the memorialist than to ask its reference
to that committee.
Mr. HALE. I would say, if there be any
committee to whom it should go, it is the Com-
mittee on Patents. It is a subject with which we
have nothing to do.
Mr. GRIMES. I nm abeliever,sir,in the right
of petition to an almost unlimited extent; and jf
the person who sends this petition desires that his
petition should go before the Commiitee on Naval
Affairs, I am willing that it should go there; but
I desire to take this occasion to repeat what the
Senator from New Hampshire, the chairman of
that committee, has already stated, that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs are utterly powerless to
do anything in connection with this subject, and
the thousand and one other subjects somewhat
similar, that are referred to them. Weare having
projected improvements in ships, in arms, sub-
marine armor, every possible tlung that is con-
nected with war, navigation, and tlie armament
of vessels, sent to us. W^e are not experts; we
are not judges of the qualities of these articles;
but by the encouragement afforded by the action
of the Senate in sending such propositions to us,
the idea seems to be propagated to these inventois
that we are the proper tribunal to determine their
merit. I am willing, so far as I am concerned,
that this petition shall be sent to the committee,
but I take this occasion to say to the Senate and
to the world who see fit to watch our proceedings
that we are utterly powerless to accomplish any
good for the petitioner.
Mr. SUMNER. The petitioner asks for an
appropriation to enable him to carry out what lie
regards a very important invention now in the
prosecution of the war.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. A gun that is to work under
water. I know nothing of the merits.of it, but
they «re very fully stated in the memorial. I
think it had better go to that commiitee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to iefei the memorial to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 467) to prevent and punish
frauds upon the Government of the United States,
reported it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE ask^d, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 495) to
facilitate the transportation of troops, stores, and
mails of the United States, between the city of
Washington, the Point of Rocks, and the city of
Pittsburg, and between Washington and the
waters of the Chesapeake; which was read twice
by tts title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
496) to amend the act entitled "An act extend-
ing the jurisdiction of the district courts to certain
cases upon the lakes and navigable waters con-
necting the same," passed February 26, 2845;
which was read twice by its title, ana referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. No. 126) expelling
George °E. Badger from the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution, and appointing Louis
in bis place; which was read,and passed
to"a second reading.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolat, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States yesterday
approved and signed the. following, act and joint
resolution:
A bill (S. No. 437) to amend the act entitled
" An act to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled ' An act supplementary to the act
entitled ' An act to amend the judicial system of
the United States.' "
A joint resolution (S. No. 125) supplementary
to the act entitled "Ail act to provide for the im-
prisonment of persons convicted of crime^ by the
criminal court of the District of Columbia, 'ap-
proved January 16, 1863.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No-.
520) for the relief of Seneca G. Simmons.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 487) for the relief of Wil-
liam R. Snowhook and others; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President
TRANSPORTS FOR THE BANRS EXPEDITION,
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone
the prior orders, for the purpose of considering a
resolution which 1 introduced in regard to the pur-
chasing and fitting out of the vessels for the Banks
expedition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. If the resolution is. under my
diiection I will erase the name of Cornelius Van-
derbilt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator modi-
fies his resolution by erasing the name of Cor-
nelius Vanderbilt.
Mr. HALE. I will state the reason why I do
it. it is because several gentlemen, members of
the body, with whom 1 have con versed, think that
for various reasons the Senate should not pass a
vote of censure on Cornelius Vanderbilt, because
he has been highly patriotic during this whole war,
and very liberal in his tiansactions with the Gov-
ernment, and has performed this service gratui-
tously. While I think that he did not render to the
Government all that care and fidelity which he
should in undertaking this service, yet I am will-
ing to pass him by and let him go. As to Com-
modore Van Brunt, though he is a personal friend
of mine, for whom 1 have the highest regard, and
with whom my relations are of the most intimate
character, I think he was wanting in his duly to
his country, and so of Mr. Haswell, the engineer.
Let the resolution be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as modified, as follows:
Resolved, That Commodore Van Brunt, of the Navy, and
Charles I> Haswell, an engineer by profession, in the su-
pervision and outfit of flie transport fleet for General Banks's
expedition, were guilty of negligence m discharge of the
duties assigned them, and that the commissions extorted by
Mr. T. J. Southard were in express violation of the agree-
ment made and stipulated by him, and ought at once to be
refunded to the Government.
Mr. HALE. This resolution is drawn ex-
pressly from the finding of the select committee.
Every word in it is sustained by the finding of the
committee that we appointed to examine the sub-
ject. It seems to me that it is an idle ceremony
to send committees to investigate facts, if, when
the facts are submitted to us, we fail to take any
action or express any opinion upon them.
I want to say one word about the commission
that was extorted by Mr.Soutliard.who wasaper-
son that volunteered his services, and was highly
recommended, I think, by a very distinguished
gentleman, a friend of mine, and of the committee
also, Governor Wash burn, of Maine. Mr. South-
aid came in and offered to do this business for
nothing; but instead of that, he charged, as is ad-
mitted, the enoimous commission of five, and in
some cases six per cent., which was paid; and I
am informed by letters whiaji I have received—but
