1863.
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are still
in order.
Mr. DIXON. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That there bo appropriated tiie
sum of$2;),00U, outofany money in theTica-uiy not other-
wise appropriated, for the ptircha-tp of land for the Columbia
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb, adjoining the pre>ent
grounds of said institution, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior.
Thecommittee werefurnished with certain facts
in regard to this matter, and as the paper laid be-
fore the committee states the ease more briefly
than I can do, I ask the Secretary to have the
kindness to read it.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
on reading the paper will be submitted to the
Senate.
The Senate refused to hear the paper read.
Mr. DIXON. The institution called the Co-
lumbia Institution for. the Instruction of the Deaf
and Dumb and the Blind is probably well known to
every Senator. It issituated within one mi'e ofthis
Capitol. It has only two acres of land. It is very
important that it should now, at this time, pur-
chase a piece of land which can be had at a very
moderate compensation, and the Committee on
the District of Columbia instructed me to offer
this amendment to this bill, appropriating the sum
of $20,000 for that purpose.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew the amendment
for the Htunbuig exhibition. It is $10,000 for
transportation and §3,000 for a comnnssionerand
clerk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
•And be U further enacted, That the President be, and he
hereby is, authorized to facilitate a proper representation
of the indusfi ml inteiests of the United States at the mtei-
national agiieultuial exhibition, to he held at Hamburg m
July, 18G3 ; and that, hi order to deli ay or aid m dcliaying
the expenses thereof, the sum of §10,000, or much thcicol
as may be leqmred, heieby appropnated to pay nan^poi-
tation to New Yo.k, ilu nee t>> il.imhiu^, ami h.u k to their
respective pl,ioe<, of Mich aiticles a^ may be cent for exhi
bition ; and the imtherMim of $3.00J foi salaries! and all
other expenses of a coimnii-Monci and a eleik to attend the
same; to bo paid out ot any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopi lated : Provided. That the >aid commis-
sioner shall g,ve timely notice, bv advcrii^einent in the
principal ne\v--p:iper^ of the count i y, of the pm poit or' ihii
resolution ; lhaihe shnll make the neees<aiyaiiaii!remciils
for preparing and forwarding the articled de'iiveicd to hnn,
attemi them at the exhibition, and iceeive and deliver them,
on their icturn, to then owncrt, and repot t the pioceedmjw
to the Sceretaiyofihelnterioi: Jlnd provided further. That
nil aiticles so lorvvaided trom this country shrill, on their
return, entei (lee ol duty, any act ui acts to the contiaiy
notwithstanding.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. GLUMES. 1 want simply to say that this
is a proposition to appropt late $13,000 out of the
Treasury to pay for transportation, and to send
commissioners to witness a cattle show at Ham-
burg, in Europe. I have read the programmes
and premiums and everything of that soit, and
I know exactly what it is, and it apparently wili
not be as respectable a show as I have seen at
Louisville in Kentucky, Detroit in Michigan, and
Cleveland in Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. It is to take part m the cattle
show, and not to witness it. I think our coun-
try will do well to take part in it. I believe K will
gain honoi there and communicate a good example
and good influences.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Anthony, Arnoid, Davis Dixon, Doo-
little, Foster, Hams, Latham. Pomeioy, Rice, Sherman,
Sumner, Tea Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson. Wilmot, and Wil-
son of Massachusetts—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Cnrlilc, Chandler, CJark, Cowan, Fc.+-
senden, Grime*, Harding, Ilailan, Henderson, Hick*,
Howard, Knur, Laife of fwdiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill,
Nesmith, Richardson,Trumbull, Wall, Wil! y, and Wilson
of Missouri—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. I must ask the Senate to vote
agam on the amendment I proposed in committee.
I am aware that it is late, and that it may take a
few minutes possibly to vote on it, and that our
Treasury is nearly exhausted, and that it is trou-
blesome to fill it; and yet, Mr. President, in view
of all that, 1 do ask the Senate, and 1 ask the Sen-
ate earnestly, to make this appropriation; for I be-
lieve we are too poor to afford to do withput it.
It is to get labor, which is the great thing we want.
We want to recruit the ranks of labor quite as
much as we do the ranks of the Army, and in this
way we can recruit both.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
For encouraging emigration from Europe to the United
States, to bn. expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, and subject to such regulations as he may
prescribe, §i0i),000, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeaa and nays were-ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Arnold, Dixon, Doolittle, Fos-
ter, Giimes, Harlan, Harris, Hicks, Howard, Rice, and
Sumner—1:2.
NAYS—Messrs. Caihle, Chandler, Ciaik, Cowan, Davis,
Fesscnden, Foor, Harding, Henderson, IIowc, King,Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, Mornll, Ne>mith,
Pomeroy, Powell, Uichaubon, Sherman, Ten Eyck.Trum-
bull, Wade, Wall, Wilkmsoiij Willey, Wilmot, Wilson of
Massachusetts and Wilson ot Missouri—£9.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. The institution for the deaf and
dumb in this city is one of the most deserving
and charitable institutions in this District. It is
possible that the Senate will be willing to make
the small appropriation of $10,000 for its benefit.
The Committee on the District of Columbia in-
structed me, if the amendment which I offered
before should fail, to propose an appi opriaiion of
a smaller sum. i therefore offer the following
amendment:
For the ptnclmse oflnnd for the Columbia Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb, adjoining the pie-ent giouiuN of the
institution, $10,000, to be expended undei the dneeuon of
the Jfeerewry of the Interioi.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to know whether
that is for the benefit of the patients, or for the
benefit of Mr. Kendall, the land-owner, the man
who has been trying to sell that land to us for
several years.
The amendment was lejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. Fessenden, the title was
amended by adding the wmds " and for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1803, and for other
poses."
TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to reportback
from Committee on the Judiciary Ilou^e bill
No. 7GS, to provide for the election of* Represent-
atives in Congress fiom the States of Tennessee
and Louisiana, with a recommendation that it
pass; and I ask foi it« immediate eonsideiation.
Mi. CARLILE. 1 iuo\e that the Senate take
a recess until moo o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No. I want to say to
Senator.* that the civil appropriation bill must go
to the House of Representatives and be consid-
ered there, and a committee of conference be
appointed.
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WADE. I move now that we take up
the business we were upon when ihiw omnibus
bill came into the Senate.
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois icports a bill, and asks for its piesent
consideration.
Mr. KING. I object.
Mr. WADE. I must object until we have a
vote on the Colorado bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Whatisit?
Mr.TRUMBULL. It is a biil which has passed
the House of Repi esentutives, providing for the I
election of members of Congiess in the States of j
Tennessee and Louisiana, If Senatois think J
proper to object, it cannot he passed at this hour; '
but it passed the House of Representatives by a :
large vote, and I hope Senators will not object, j
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will be passed. j
Mr. KING. I withdraw all objection. <
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill in- !
dicated by the Senator from Ohio was on its pas- :
sage when the civil appropriation bill was taken |
up.
Mr. WADE. 1 hope the vote will be taken ,
on that bill. i
Mr. KING. Let the Tennessee matter be voted j
upon. 1
pur-
Mr. WADE. No, let us have a vbte upon
this. The vote was on the passage of the bill. «
ADMISSION OF COLORADO. ' „
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas an4
nays were ordered upon the passage of the -bill
(S. No. 523) to enable the people of Colorado to
form a constitution and State government, an$f
for the admission of such State into the Union on,
an equal footing witli the original States.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Chandler. Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Har-
ding, Ilailan, Harris, llcndeison, Hicks, Howe, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, Pomcroy, Sheimau, Sumner, Ten Bycfc,
Wade, and Wilson of Massachusetts—18.
NAYrf—Messrs. Am hony, Arnold, Carlile, Clark, Davis,
Foster, Grimes. King, Morrill, Powell, Kichardson, Trum-
bull, Tnrpie, Wall, Willey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—17.
So the bill was passed.
J. J. LINTS.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House biil No. 2. This
bill was up, and I yielded the floor to the Senator
from Ohio to bring up another bill. I move tl it
it be now considered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2) for the relief of J.J.
Lints. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to J. J. Lints th«  sum of $1,289 33
in full for his services as custodian of the public
property at Erie, Pennsylvania, from the 8th of
Apul, 1857, to the lGth of December, 1858-, in-
clusive.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment after the word ** of," in line five, to strike
out "§1,289 33" and insert "$828 43."
Mr. KING. Is there a report m that case?
Mr. POMEROY. There is no report.
Mr. KING. What are the facts?
Mr. POMEROY. The facts arc that Mr. Lints
was the custodian of the public property at Erie,
and while he was custodian of it the property de-
preciated, was cither lost or stolen to the amount
of $400, and h<* cannot settle his claim. The com-
mittee of the House of Representatives reported
in favor of paying him i he full amount. Our com-
mittee made him responsible for what, he had lost,
and we propose to authorize theTieasury to settle
his claim, deducting tiie amount which was lost
while he was custodian of the public property.
The amendment was agteed to.
The biil was reported to tho Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in,and ordered
to be eii^mssed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read tl^ third time.
The question being taken on the passage of tho
bill, a division being called for, there were seven
ayes.
Mt. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not oidoied.
The bill was lejected.
KEPOKTS FKOai COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendment of
the IXouse of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (No. 452) legulating the appointment of
midshipmen to the Naval Acadcmy, icpoited it
buck, and moved that it be postponed indefinitely.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
Mr. G RLYI ES, from the select committee on the
subjectofa national armory and foundery,to whom
weie referred the following bills, asked to be dis-
chaiged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 19) to establish a national arm-
ory on Rock Island, in the State of Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 50) to establish a national arm-
ory at Trenton, in the State of New Jersey;
A bill (S. No. 117) to establish a national arm-
ory and foundery on Burlington Island, in the State
of New Jersey;
A bill (S No. 146) to provide for the establish-
ment of a military post at Quincy in the Slate of
Illinois; and
A bill (S. No. 196) for the establishment of a
national foundery and furnace fur the fabrication
of cannon and projectiles for the Government.
Mr. GRIMES, from the select committee on
the subject of a national armory and foundery, to
whom were referred the following resolutions and
memorials on the subject of a national armory,
