THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
"Van Burnt both testified that if ihey had known
that the expedition was going beyond the Capes
of the Chesapeake, they would have protested
against several of those vessels being chartered;
but they were kept profoundly ignorant of the
destination of the expedition. . Commodore Van
Brunt says that the impression was fastened on
his mind that it was going somewhere into the
Chesapeake bay; and entertaining that opinion,
deriving it, probably, from something that had
been dropped in the course of his conversation
with the gentlemen immediately connected with
the expedition, he was willing to acquiesce in re-
ceiving vessels for the transport of troops for such
a short expedition that he would have utterly
refused to receive, and have protested against
receiving, if he had supposed they were going
beyond Cape Hatteras.
Another great error in connection with this sub-
ject was, that there seemed to have been no person
m connection with the expedition who appeared
to have the charge of selecting or' determining
whether there were any navigators on board.
There did not appear to be anybody whose busi-
ness it was to see whether there were any instru-
ments or any charts that were necessary to navi-
gate the"ocean, if the vessel should happen to be
driven off. Everybody knows, who knows any-
thing about Qur coast, that at this season of the
year, and at the time this expedition sailed, ves-
sels are very apt to be driven off when they ap-
proach Cape Hatteras, the most stormy point
along our whole coast. They employed vessels
that had hitherto been almost exclusively em-
ployed in navigating inland waters. In one in-
stance, according to my recollcction, it was sworn
to before the committee that there was one navi-
gator on board. It is a rule among commercial
men that there shall be at least two men on board
of every ship who are capable of navigating her,
especially when she is out at sea. Thatship only
succeeded in reaching the Delaware breakwater—
the one to which I allude, whore there was only
one navigator on board—but had she succeeded in
getting as far as Cape Hatteras, and had then been
driven off" by a northwest storm into the Gulf
stream, she would have been there entirely help-
less and with only one navigator on board. Had
he been taken sick, had he died or fallen over-
board, what would have been the fate t)f that
crew ?
Another difficulty, against which we should
guard in future expeditions, was the crowding of
too great a number of persons on board of each of
these £ hips. According to the testimony before the
committee, some of the vessels, which under your
emigration act would only be permitted to carry
three hundred and fifty passengers, carried nine
hundred and fifty soldiers. The most intelligent
ship-owners who were before us testified that, in
their opinion, soldiers could be crowded together
conveniently and humanely more than emigrants
coming across the Atlantic, although a voyage on a
sea-going vessel from New York to New Orleans,
at this season of the year, would probably be as
long as one across the Atlantic. They believe that
the soldiers could be crowded together more than
emigrants crossing the Atlantic, and they esti-
mated that possibly six hundied soldiers might
have been accommodated, whereas nine hundred
and fifty were placed on board. When the ques-
tion was asked of Commodore Variderbilt and of
other gentlemen in connection with the expedition,
why this was, and why they did not take naviga-
tors, and why they did not see that there were in-
struments and charts on board,'the answer was,
the insurance companies and owners of the vessels
took that risk, as though the Government had no
risk m the lives of its valiant men whom it lmsen-
listed under its banner and sent out on an expe-
dition ot this kind. The man who embarks his
meichandise on board a ship has the option of
putting if on th s vessel or on that; and i, exer-
cising my volition as a passenger, can go or notgo;
1 can go upon one ship or upMianother: but you
order, you command your soldiers to go on board
of a vessel, and they have no power to determine
for themselves whether or not that vessel is sus-
ceptible of carrying them safely, or whether they
uri going to be humanely or inhumanely packed
when they get on board of it.
Mr. President, I have not said, and I do not
desiie to say, much in regard to the manner in
which these charter-parties were effected, It shows
a chapter of fraud from the beginning to the end.
Men making the most open professions of loyalty
and of patriotism and of perfect disinterestedness,
coming before the committee and swearing that
they acted from such motives solely i were yet
compelled to admit—or one or two were—that in
some instances they had received as high as six
and a quarter per cent.; and I believe that since
then—for the committee desired to expedite the
business, and make a report as speedily as possi-
ble to the Senate—the committer have satisfied
their own minds that the per cent, was greater
than was in testimony before them.
I do not believe, sir, that the name of Commo-
dore Yanderbilt should bo stricken fronrthis res-
olution. I am not going to pass upon this measure
and upon that gentleman by anything that he has
or has not done formerly. The question is not
whether he has been generous to the Government
by making a present to us of a fine steamship,
but whether, in connection with this single trans-
action which is now under consideration, he did
his whole duty. I cannot lay my hand upon my
heart and say, as a Senator, that 1 believe he did;
and if we are going to condemn anybody by the
passage of a resolution, I am prepared to con-
demn him with the rest.
Mr. MORRILL. In regard to the Banks ex-
pedition, which is the subject-matter now before
us, in the main, considered with reference to for-
mer expeditions, I think the evidence authorizes
the inference that it was well conducted. That
there are many things to regret in regard to it, I
fully agree with the honorable Senatorfrom Iowa;
and the committee have endeavored faithfully to
point out the facts which are to be regretted, and
some of which I think deserve the animadversion
of the measure of the honorable Senatorfrom New
Hampshire. So for as the facts developed shall
enable the Government to benefit by this investi-
gation, so far it will not have been m vain.
There are only two or three things of much
importance that have been elicited in this investi-
gation, and these relate particularly to the manner
of chartering vessels for our military expeditions.
The great error applicable to this expedition, and
which \ believe has obtained in all other expedi-
tions of a similar character that have been fitted
out by the Government, seems to have been, so
far as the Government was concerned, in allow-
ing interested parties to intervene between the
Government and the ship-owners, and for a con-
sideration to themselves effect these charters. This
transaction was not free from that difficulty; but
when compared with former expeditions, so far as
the committee have been able to understand, it
compares favorably in that respect; or, in other
words, the Government seem to have learned
something and profited somewhat by the facts
which had^pome to its knowledge before this in-
quiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will pardon the Chair. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I hope we shall continue the con-
sideration of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 really think we had better
get a vote on this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I &ee no probability of
voting. The discussion may take all day m re-
gard to this question of fraud.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no wish in regard to it.
I am willing that it should go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate.
LIGHT AT KENOSHA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the folio wing reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- j
sent, and agreed to: j
Resolved., That thr Committee on Commerce bo Instruct-
ed to inquiie into the necessity of reerecting the light and j
repairing the piei upon which it is placed at Kenosha, in j
the Statf ot Wisconsin. !
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 634, giving aid to the State of Missouri
for the purpose of securing the abolishment of
slavery in said State. I believe the diplomatic ap-
propriation bill was laid aside yesterday in order
to enable the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations to obtain some information, and "
he is not ready, I presume, to go on with it this
morning,
Mr. SUMNER. I have not the information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The information has not
arrived. I therefore move to take up the bill I
have mentioned.
Mr. HALE. What is th<5 special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the bill making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses.
Mr. HALE. If that is not ready
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is before the
Senate, and the Senator from Illinois moves to
postpone it for the purpose of taking up the bill
which he has indicated in his motion. That is
the question before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I feel it my duty to say that I
shall vote against that motion, because I wish one
or two naval bills to be taken up, which were re*
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and i
think they are of quite as much importance as the
bill indicated by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise merely to express
the hope that the Senate will take up the bill indi-
cated by the Senator from Illinois, and act upon
it either one way or the other.
The question being put on Mr. Trumbull's mo-
tion, there were, on a division—ayes 22, noes 13.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 634) giving aid
to the State of Missouri for the purpose of secur-
ing the abolishment of slavery in said State; the
pending question being on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill and
insert a substitute.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the first
section of the committee's amendment by striking
out, in lines twelve and thirteen, the words of
$20,000,000," and inserting, "and in the manner
hereinafter provided;" so as to make the clause
read, il bonus of the United States to the amount
and in the manner hereinafter provided."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line sixteen of the first
section of the amendment I move to strike out
" eighteen" and insert " twelve;" so as to make
the clause read, i( said bonds shall not be deliv-
ered as herein directed unless the act of emanci-
pation shall be adopted by said State withm
twelve months after the passage of this act."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed tp.
Mr. HENDERSON. In line seven of section
two of the committee's amendment I move to
strike out the words " whole amount of;" so as
to read, " the President shall cause said bonds to
be prepared and delivered," &c.
The amendment to the amend men t wasagrecd to.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the same clause, in
line eight of section two, after the word " bonds,"
I move to insert "to the amount of $20,000,000."
Mr. TRUMBULL. These amendments are
being made hastily; I have not been advised of
them; and I should like to understand what their
purport is. I hope the Senator from Missouri
will explain them. If they are merely alterations
of phraseology, I have no objection; if they alter
the principle of the amendment of the committee,
I want to understand what they are.
Mr. HENDERSON. With one other amend-
ment that I shall propose they do alter the prin-
ciple.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire the Senator to
explain what he proposes to accomplish by these
amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to amend the
proposition of the Committee on the Judickuy so
that the second section shall read as follows:
That in case theHawoi act of emancipation to he adopted
by said State shall provide fot the fu!i and perfect manu-
mission of all the slaves therein on or befoie the 4th day of
July, A. D. 1865. and the future exclusion of the >\stem of
slaverv from the .State forever thereafter the PnMili nt shall
cause bonds to the amount of $20,000,000 to be piep.it ed and
delivered as aforesaid immediately on the passaur uf said
act. But Jt'it should piovide for the termination of-slavery
at a date subsequent to tbot last named, then said bond-s to
an amount not exr-eedirur $I0,000.UU0m tlieae<?ree;'te.shall
bo delivered in four equal installments, dating tiom the pas-
sage of such act to the time when slavery shall cea->e under
its provisions.
The Senate will see that the object of the amend-
ments is simply this: if emancipation in tlie State
