THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to:
Resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio; resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan; resolutions
of the Legislature of Iowa; and resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey; a memorial of the
Burlington Island Association; a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce in the city of Cincinnati;
a memorial of the Pox and Wisconsin Improve-
ment Company; a memorial of the Mayor, Com-
mon Council, and citizens of Poughkeepsie, New
York; a memorial of the Board of Trade of the
city of Racine, Wisconsin; a memorial of the
Board of Trade and of the Common Council of the
city of Indianapolis, Indiana; and a memorial of
the city of Portland, Maine.
He also asked to be discharged from thefurthcr
consideration of all other memorials and petitions
referred to that committee; which was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bill and memorials, asked to he discharged
from their further consideration; which was agreed
to:
A bill (S. No. 573) amending the act entitled
"An act to authorize the corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to lay and col-
lect a water tax, and for other purposes,M approved
May 21, 1862;
A memorial of the officers and members of the
Columbia Fire Company, and other citizens of
Washington;
A memorial of Henry O'Reilly and Theodore
McNamee, praying that equal privileges may be
allowed to all telegraph companies along tho high-
ways m the District,of Columbia;
•A memorial of a committee of the City Coun-
cils of the city of Washington, praying for an ap-
propriation to aid in repairing the streets; and
A memorial of H. P. Smith, remonstrating
against the colonization of free colored people.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. No. 128) authorizing the pioper
accounting officers of the Treasury to adjust the
account for loss by exchange of Z. B. Oaverly,
late secretary of the United States legation in Peru,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was ugieed to.
MESS AO 15 PUOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. .1. W. Clayton, one of its clerks, an-
nounced that the House of Representatives had
passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 544) to provide for the collection of
abandoned property, and for the prevention of
frauds in insurioctionary districts within the Uni-
ted States;
A bill (No.577) further to regulate proceedings
in prize cases, and to amend various acts of Con-
gress in relation thereto; and
A bill (No. 231) amendatory of an act entitled
M An act to provide for the care and preservation
of the woiks constructed by the United States for
bringing the Potomac watei into the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, for the supply of said
water for all governmental purposes, and for the
uses and benefit of the inhabitants of the said
cities,"
ENROLLED IULLH SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of R «presentati 'es had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No 424) to amend the twt entitled
" Ail act to establish and equalize the grades of
line officers (if the United State*-; Navy," approved
July 16, 166~;
A bill (S. No. 554) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and the repub-
lic of Peru, signed at Lima on the 12th of Jan-
uary, 1*63, lor the settlement of claims;
A biil (H. R. No. 551) to equalize and estab-
lish the compensation of the collectors of the cus-
toms on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers, ami for other purpos.s;
A bill (II. R. No. 753) for the relief of certain
persons who have performed the duties of assist-
ant surgeons in legiments ofcavahy; and
A j.uut resolution (8. Nn. 137) in relation to
property devised to the people of the United States
by C^ptJ'io Uriah P. Levy, deceased.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The-message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had this day notified the
House of Representatives that he had approved
and signed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions:
A bill (H. R. No. Ill) for the relief of 0. B.
and Oliver S. Latham;
A bill (H. R. No. 226) to amend "An act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855;
A bill (H. R. No. 365) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to promote the progress of the use-
ful arts;"
A bill (H. R. No. 435) for the relief of Susan
Dickson, widow of John Dickson, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 468) to extend the charter of
the Alexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 523) to promote the efficiency
of the corps of engineers and of the ordnance de-
partment, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 591) relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 621) for the relief of Benja-
min T. Watson;
A bill (H. R. No. 647) for the relief of the
administrator of Captain Richard Stevenson, de-
ceased ;
A bill (II. R. No. 659) to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government;
A bill (H. R. No. 663) to establish a branch
mint of the United States in the Territory of Ne-
vada;
A bill (H. R. No. 708) making appropiiations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1864, and for other purposes;
A bill (EL R. No. 712) to incorporate the St.
Ann's Infant Asylum in the Districtof Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 726) granting a pension to
Francos H. Plummet', widow of the late Bt igadier
General Joseph B. Plummer, of the United States
Army;
• A bill (II. R. No. 731) making appropriations
for the cuirentandcontingentexpcnsesof the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, lb64;
A bill (II. R. No. 779) to modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 63) providing for
the disti ibution of cei tain public books and docu-
ments;
A joint resolution (II. I*. No. 96) relative to
the claim of W. Maxwell Wood;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 149) for the re-
lief of Kate R. Gaither and others;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 150) in relation
to telegraph companies in the District of Colum-
bia ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 151) to confirm
the adverse decision of the Courtof Claims in the
case of the bug General Armstrong;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 153) authorizing
the adjustment of the account of Z. B. Caverly,
late secretary of legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 154) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue American
registers to certain vessels named therein.
TOWN SITES ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 355, which passed the Senate, and has also
passed the House with a trivial amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 355) for increas-
ing the revenue by reservation and sale of town
sites on public lands. The amendment of the
House was in line twenty, to stiike out the words
" as near as may be."
The amendment was concurred in.
TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to take up
the bill in relation to the election of members of
the House of Representatives from the States of
Tennessee and Louisiana.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE I move to dispense with all
prior orders and take up Senate bill No. 162, be-
ing a bill reported by the select committee in rela-
tion to the adjustment of military claims arising
during the rebellion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have just asked the Senate-
to take up a bill and we have already ordered it to
be taken up, and it seems to be inconsistent now to
lay that aside and take up something else. I sub-
mit that this bill, which has been once before the.
Senate and laid aside this evening for the passage
of some other bill, ought to have precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
It is moved by the Senator from Virginia t* post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by him, being Senate
bill No. 162.
Mr. HICKS. I trust that motion may prevail.
It is a very impoitant bill. It is a substitute for
the original Senate bill No. 162.
Mr.'DOOLITTLE. Has that bill passed the
House of Representatives, I will inquire from the
Senator from Virginia?
Mr. CARLILE. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then it is perfectly im-
practicable to talk about passing it; butthe bill I
have moved to bring before the Senate, and. which
the Senate decided to take up, is a bill which has
passed the House of Representatives, and only
needs our concurrence.
Mr. CARLILE. A similar bill in almost every
particular, with some slight amendments, to that
which I have moved to take up, is before the
House of Representatives, and I think there will
be no difficulty in the passage of this bill there.
The bill was introduced at the last session of this
body by yourself, I believe, sir, [Mr. Clark in
the chair,] and it has been adopted by the select
committee to whom was referred the bill I intro-
duced some time ago, for the settlement of military
claims in the State of Virginia. As I have said,
a similar bill is before the House of Representa-
tives, and was reported to that body by the Com-
mittee on Claims; and if this bill shall pass the
Senate, I have very little doubt of its passage in
the House of Representatives. It is a bill in which
very many of the States are interested. It pro-
poses the perpetuation of the testimony in relation
to claims that have arisen since this rebellion in
consequence of the operations of the Army.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to suspend all
prior orders, and take up the bill authorizing the
people of the Territory of Nebraska to form a
State government.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. There is amo-
tion before the Senate, by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, to take up the bill indicated by him, being
Senate bill No. 162. The question is on taking
up that bill.
Mr. CARLILE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a bill to send out
a roving commission to find out. how much evi-
dence can be hunted up of claims against the Gov-
ernment. It is a very good time, 1 think, to ask it,
for the Treasury now has abundance of money: we
have only to make it! The Senate seems not to
be disposed to consider House bills. It is only
a quarter to one o'clock; and we may as well un-
dertake by this bill to appoint a commission to go
roving over the country to see if they cannotfind
somebody who has a claim against the Govern-
ment, and take testimony, because we shall never
be so flush at any other time, probably ! I think
that it will be a very good time to go on with that
bill now.
Mr. HICKS. It seems to me that the Senate
does not understand the importance of consider-
ing the bill which the Senator from Virginia has
moved to take up. There are multitudes of in-
dividuals utterly ruined, who ask nothing butin-
demnity for propei ty destroyed by oui own troops.
There ere many, very many families, who have
been reduced from an abundance to live upon to
abject poverty. I hope they wfll be allowed an
opportunity*^ present their claims, and have the
testimony collected and preserved.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will now take
up the bill m relation to Tennessee and Louisiana.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Iowa will not prevail. The Presi-
dent lias called an extra session of the Senate for
the purpose ofconsideringond disposing of all mat-
