1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ters pertaining to the executive duties of the Sen-
ate, and I see no reason why the Senator should
move at this time to go into executive session,
when there is so much public business that per-
tains to the interests of the country to be done.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that it is necessary
to go into executive session before twelve o'clock
to-morrow, or else we cannot properly dispose of
some business. Forinstance, if a motion has been
made to reconsider a vote confirming any one, that
„>motion terminates at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
and the man stands confirmed. There is nochance
to reach him afterwards.
Mr. WILKINSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that he withdraw that motion, and re-
new it by and by.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I withdraw it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Now I ask that the mo-
Tfon be submitted to the Senate to take up the bill
authorizing the people of Nebraska to organize a
State government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Virginia is pending1, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered, to take up
Senate bill No. 162.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that motion will
not prevail, and that the Senate will proceed to
the consideration of the bill for the admission of
Nebraska as a State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on taking up Senate bill No. 162.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Oat-hie, DavU, Dixon, Hauling, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas Latham, I'ovvi II. Rice, Richard-
son, Wall, VVilkmson, Willey, and WiImmi ot MisvouTt—14.
NAYS—Mes-si*. Anth.onv, Arnold, ChandlrK Chirk,
Cowan, Doolitrle. Fe^-enden, Foot, Fo&tei, Gaines, [Lil-
ian, Ilowaid, Howe, King,Morrill, Pomoio;, fcfumiiei, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull. Wade, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massa-
chusetts—22.
So the motion of Mr. Carlile was notagreed to.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to take up the bill
authorizing the people of Nebraska to form a
State government.
The question being put, the Chair declared that
the motion appeared to be rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON culled for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
the vote disclosed the want of a quorum.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Ser-
geant-at-Arms be directed to request the attendance
of absent members.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM, (at two o'clock.) I move that
the Senate take a recess until three o'clock, while
the absentees are being hunted up.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not in order, no quorum being1 present.
Mr. LATHAM. I withchaw it.
After an. interval, wailing for absent members,
Mr. WADE. 1 move that the Senate take a
recess until ten o'clock. [" Nine."]
Mr.POMEROY. It will not do to lake a recess
as long as that jf we intend to pass the omnibus
bill, because in all probability we must have a
committee of conference on it, and it has to be
enrolled after that.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The House of Representa-
tives has just taken a recess for an hour.
Mr. WADE. There is no reason why we
should not take a recess until nine oVlork.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the absentees
Will be called now. There is a quotum present.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no doubt that the
civil appropriation bill will be in such a shape that
the Senate can act upon it at nine o'clock, and it
can then be enrolled before twelve.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the motion will
not be entertained. There is a quorum present.
I ask that the absentees be called.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the motion?
t The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Willey
in the chair.) That the Senate take a recess until
nine o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident from the state of
busmessin the other House,as I understand, that
it is expedient for us to continue here yet a little
longer. I understand that the miscellaneous bill
has been acted on in the House^ that they have
rejected all our amendments, and asked for a com-
mittee of conference, and taken a recess of an
hour. Now, we must receive that message and
appoint our committee of conference, and when
our committee of conference is appointed it seems
to me we can then take a recess.
Mr. LANE^of Kansas. I move that the ab-
sentees be called on the pending motion. The
Senator from Ohio has withdrawn his motion, I
understand.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
533, to provide for the public instruction of youth
in primary schools in the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not in
order.
The Secretary called the names of the absentees
on the motion to take up the Nebraska bill; and
a quorum having voted, the result wasannounced
—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Clark, Foot, Ilardim;,
Harlan, Henderson. IJick*, Howard, Howe, Lnnc oflndt-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Lathairi, NcMimh, Poineroy, Powell,
Rice, Sumner, Ten £yck, Turpic, Wade, Wall; Wilkin-
son, Wilmot, and Wilr-on of Missouri—25.
NAY?3—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Davis, Dl\on. Foster,
Guinea,King, Saulshuiy, Tiumbull, Willey, and Wilson of
Massachusetts—I!.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 522) to enable the people of
Nebraska to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This bill is an exact
copy of the bills for enabling Colorado and Ne-
vada to be admitted, except as to the boundaries.
Mr. WILKINSON, i think we can dispense
with the readingof this bill, because 11is precisely
in the same form as the bills which have passed
the Senate to-night for the admission of Colorado
and Nevada.
Mr. GRIMES. I prefer hearing the bill read.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator from Iowa
wishes to be enlightened, let it be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill; but
was interrupted by a message from the House of
Representatives.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 545) to amend an act entitled " An
act to further promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
approved December 21, 1861; and
A joint lesuludon (No. 130) to compensate the
crew of the United States steamer Monitor for
clothing and other property lost in the public ser-
vice.
civil appropriation bill.
The mcbfsnge also announced that the House
of Representatives hud disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
73;2) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1864, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing voles of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Tiimdeus Ste\en*s, of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Jame8> Buffintox, of Massachusetts,
and Mr. Cyrus Aldricii, of Minnesota, man-
ageis at the same on us part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 732) making
apptopnations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1864,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. CLARK, it was
Resolved* That the Senate insist upon it< amendments to
the t-aui hill, d^.isrreed 10 hy ilie House or Representatives,
and agror to th<> rontercnei* a-kod bv the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Uon-es {hereon.
" Ordered, That the committee o! coitleience on the part of
the Seriate bu appointed by the Piesidont pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fessendejj, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Pomeroy.
soldiers' homes.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affair? and the Militia,
who were instructed by a resolution of the Senate
of the 7th of January to inquire into the expe-
diency and propriety of establishing one or more
soldiers' homes or asylums for the sick and
wounded of the Army, as well as for disabled and
destitute soldiers Who no home's, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject; which was agreed to,
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was considefld
by unanimous consent, and agreed toi
Resolved, Tbat twenty thousand copies of the act (S.
No. 51 J) for enrolling and calling forth the national forces,
and for other purposes, be printed in pamphlet form fortna
use of tlie Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after an hour and three
quarters spent therein the doors were reopened at
fifteen minutes past four o'clock, a. m.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. *
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Morris, chief clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which there-
upon received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
A bill (S. No. 355) for increasing the revenue
by reservation and sale of town sites on the pub-
lic lands;
A bill (S. No.-544) to provide for the collec-
tion of abandoned property, and for the preven-
tion of frauds in insurrectionary districts within,
the United States;
A bill (S. No. 545) to amend an act entitled
" An act to further promote the efficiency of the
Navy," approved December 21, 1861*, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 577) further to regulate proceed-
ings in prize cases, and to amend various acts of
Congress in relation thereto;
A bill (H. R. No. 738) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Idaho;
A joint resolution (S. No. 130) to compensate
the crew of the United States steamer Monitor
for clothing and other property lost in the public
service; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 123) to expedite the
printing of the President's message and accom-
panying documents.
On motion of Mr. CARLILE, the Senate took
a recess till ten o'clock, a. m.
The Senate resumed its session at ten o'clock,
a. m., [Wednesday, March 4.]
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HICKS presented a petition of Hugh L.
Bond, and twenty-five other loyal citizens of
Maryland, praying that an appropriation of
$10,000,000 may be made for the purpose of aid-
ing in the abolishment of slavery in that State,
with a condition that no disloyal citizen shall re-
ceive any benefit therefrom; which was ordered
to he on the table.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, i<s Clei k, announced that the
House of Representatives had. parsed the follow-
ing biiisnnd joint resolution ; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 711) to facilitate the collection of
the revenue in El Paso county, Texas, and in the
Territory of New Mexico;
A bill (No. 780) to regulate the duties of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, in pre-
paring for the organization of the House; and
A joint resolution (No. 156) to confirm the ad-
veise decision of the Court of Claims in th^Tase
of Edward D. Tippett.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) respect-
ing the compensation of the judges, &c., under
the treaty with Great Britain, and other persons
employed in the suppression of the slave trade;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That II. 8. Davis have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
