1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall be immediate—that is, if the act passed by
the Legislature shall provide for the exclusion of
slavery on .or before the 4th of July, 1865, I pro-
pose to grant $20,000,000 for that purpose; and
if it shall take place ata subsequent date, or if the
Legislature, in other words, shall adopt a gradual
system of emancipation, I propose that $10,000,000
shall be granted; and I do it not because I desire
to reduce the amount, but because I am satisfied
that Senators will not vote for $20,000,000 under
a gradual system of emancipation. I am satisfied j
that it cannot be carried; and I do not desire to
ask that which I know will not be granted by the
body. I will state to the Senator that I have been
instructed, as it were, by the Legislature on this
subject; that is to say, they have passed a joint
resolution asking for $25,000,000 for this purpose.
I know it is useless for me to ask for that; I am
satisfied that the Senate will not pass a bill grant-
ing over $20,000,000; and I desire to amend the
bill in such shape, and to havgfit immediately
acted upon, that the Legislature of my State may
know what Congress is willing to do. I am will-
ing to take the least possible amount that I be-
lieve we can get along with; ?nd if it is given, I
hope that the Legislature will accept it. The Sen-
ator will see the object of the amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the pending amend-
ment fixes the amount, and I think the Senate
ought to take a decisive vote upon it. I have
looked over this bill, and I have made up my
mind precisely what I will do. To carry out the
pledge we made a year ago, I am willing to vote
$10,000,000 in the bonds of the United States to
the State of Missouri. I would prefer a system
of gradual emancipation to a system of immediate
emancipation. I will not vote for granting any
more money. I have made up my mind on the
subject. I think $10,000,000 is as much as we
ought to allow the State of Missouri under the
circumstances. Many of her people are disloyal,
and they ought not to receive anything. I am
willing to vote, in any form the Senator from
Missouri desires, the sum of $10,000,000 to aid
that State in emancipating herself from the system
of slavery; and if I were preparing the bill I would
prefer to provide for a system of gradual emanci-
pation rather than a system of immediate eman-
cipation. It will be better for the State and better
for the negroes, I think. That is my conviction
often expressed. I will not vote for any more,l
do not care in what form the question is taken. I
■will vote for the original bill with pleasure. That
fixes the amount at $10,000,000. Twenty mil-
lions, I think, ought not to be granted under the
circumstances, and ought not to be asked. That
is the view I take of it; I shall not detain the Sen-
ate by entering into any argument.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire, sir, in reply to
the remarks made by the Senator from ,Ohio, to
say that if the Legislature of my State shall agree
to adopt a system of gradual emancipation as in-
dicated by himself, I have no doubt whatever that
they could get along with $10,000,000; but that
system of emancipation must be very gradual
indeed. I believe that since an investigation has
been made in this matter in the Legislature of the
State, the papers of the State and the members of
the Legislature, of all parties, admit that there are
not less thaji one hundred thousand slaves in the
State of M*ouri at present. The Senator says
that a great many of the people of Missouri are
disloyal. That is true, sir; but there are not a
great many slaveholders in Missouri whose slaves
are or will be manumitted under the confiscation
act of the last session of Congress.
I desire to call the Senator's attention to one dif-
ficulty m the way of emancipation by our consti-
tution. We cannot emancipate in the State of
Missouri, under our constitution, without paying
the owners for their property. I do not desire to
pay any owner whose slave has been manumitted
under the laws of Congress. 1 am as far from it
as any individual. I do not ask for that; but if
we undertake to liberate at all, we are bound to
pay;and 1 do notwantemancipationexceptunder
the constitution of the State, and according to that
we cannot emancipate without paying the owners;
and it" we adopt the time fixed in the committee's
amendment, 1876, the Senator himself will see
that we cannot pay for the slaves with $10,000,000.
I have intimated to the Senate that I wish to
extend this time to 1885 or 1890; and if that is done,
possibly $10,000,000 may be sufficient for the pur-
poses of emancipation in the State. But the Sen-
ator, by making the computation in his own mind,
will find that in the thirteen years to elapse be-
tween this and 1876, even though he were to de-
clare all slaves born ill the State after the present
time to be free at their birth, it would be utterly
impossible that we could, with $10,000,000, pay
for the slaves manumitted between this and 1876.
Therefore, I desire, inasmuch as a large number
of the members of our Legislature are .in favor of
immediate emancipation, to so frame the bill that
if the majority of them be desirous of that system,
there may be enough granted in the bill to secure
emancipation within the next few years. On the
other hani, I think it altogether likely thata ma-
jority may coincide with the Senator from Ohio,
and adopt a system of gradual emancipation. 1
do not now express an opinion upon that subject;
but I am very much disposed to agree with the
Senator from Ohio in his views upon that matter.
1 prefer that the bill shall be so worded that it may
enable the majority of the Legislature to agree
upon some system, and to get rid of slavery in
the State. That is my only desire. I wish to get
rid of slavery, and at the same time to do justice
to the slaveholders of the State, at least those who
have been loyal Union men from the beginning
of the rebellion up to the present time; and I can
assure the Senate that much the larger portion of
the slaveholders of the State are of that class.
f hope, sir, that the amendments which I have
indicated will be adopted. 1 could repeat the rea-
sons I gave a few days ago for the passage of this
bill, but 1 need not do so. I content myself with
suggesting to the Senator from Ohio that, in a cer-
tain event, it may be the very best policy for the
Governmentand for the State of Missouri toeman-
cipate immediately. I cannot tell what the future
may bring forth. Circumstances may arise that
would make it the very best policy to emancipate
within the next two or three years, or, in fact, im-
mediately; and if thatshould be the case, the very
policy that would demand any appropriation at
all would demand an appropriation sufficient to
enable us to adopt an immediate system; and
therefore I hope that the amendments which 1 have
suggested will be adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Mr. President,
if this proposition was to be submitted directly to
the people of Missouri, I should content myself
by voting against it upon constitutional grounds
without intermeddling in relation to the particular
amendments that may be presented; but as I un-
derstand it is pioposed that the present General
Assembly now in session in our State shall ac-
complish this work, 1 undertake to say that the
Legislature, under the bill as it is now framed,
cannot accomplish the object; and if the bill be
passed in the shape in which it has been reported
from the committee, it \/iIl end in disappointment
and confusion, without resulting in any good. I,
therefore, before this bill shall have been con-
cluded, will offer such amendments to the prop-
osition as may perhaps enable the Legislature to
comply with it. There are certain constitutional
restrictions with which the Legislature of Mis-
souri has to contend on this subject of slavery,
and those provisions must be complied with. For
example, the amount that is to be paid to the slave-
holders of that State, is not a legislative question,
and cannot be made so. The Legislature may not
say thatany individual shall only receive so much
for his slave; but the valuation of a slave in Mis-
souri is a judicial question to be determined by
right and upon evidence; and if this bill shall be
passed,even withan appropriation of$20,0110,000,
it will not be compensation to the slaveholders of
Missouri for their property. I shall, therefore,
before this bill shall have been put upon its final
passage, take the liberty to offer several important
amendments thereto; one of them will be to in-
crease the amount, so that if it is desired by the
Legislature of Missouri to emancipate the slaves,
they shall have it in their power to do so; for 1
believe they have not the constitutional power,
under the constitution of the State of Missouri,
to emancipate the slaves under the propositions
contained in this bill.
As I remarked before, sir, if this question was
to be submitted directly to the people of Missouri,
to be considered by them, as in my opinion it
should be, I should not have a word to say, be-
cause I know they would be entirely competent
to take care of their own rights and interests.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. .-,1 see, Mr-
President, very clearly the-irap]orta eeU>f-aidhi||>s
the State of Missouri to emancipate.bei'sl&vesi'i,
see and feel the importance of making thatigreat -
State, situated as it is in the central region of the
Republic, a free and loyal State. I am ready to
give my vote to aid that State to become free,by.!
pay ing money out of the Treasury of the'Umted
States. This is no new opinion of mine. I haw
felt for many months, while we were spending
tens of millions of dollars to maintain-the author^
ity of the Federal Government in thatgreatState,
that if a portion of the money thus expended;
could be given to aid in abolishing slavery there,
we should secure peace and domestic tranquillity
within the State and bind it to the Union by in-
terest and affection. The House of Represonta--
tives passed this bill under the lead of Mr. Noell.,
a Representative of the State of Missouri. The
bill proposes immediate emancipation' in that
State, and grants $10,000,000 for that purpose;
and the bill also provides that nothing shall be
paid for slaves brought into the State hereafter,
and that nothing shall be paid to persons who
have given aid and comfort to this rebellion. The
bill in that form passed the House of Represent-
atives, under the lead of a Representative from
the State of Missouri, by a most decisive vote.
We sent it to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and it comes back with this amendment, strik-
ing out immediate emancipation—permitting that
State to emancipate in 1876—twelve or thirteen
years hence; and striking out $10,000,000 and in-
serting $20,000,000 as the rate of compensation.
This amendment strikes out the provision forbid-
ding payment for slaves brought into the State
after the passage of the act; and also the provis-
ion refusing to pay persons who give aid and
comfort to the enemies of the country; and inserts
a provison refusing to pay for slaves emancipated
under the confiscation act of last summer.
With theseprovisions in the amendment,! shall
not vote for it. I shall not give my voti^ to aid in
permitting the State of Missouri to hold men m
bondage thirteen years longer. I desire to see that
State free, and free now; free within a very few
years at least.
But wc are told that this proposed compensation
of $20,000,000 will not pay for the slaves of Mis-
souri. Sir, I do not believe the slaves in the State
of Missouri put up at auction to-day would sell
for $20,000,000. It may be that the slaves of that
State number one hundred thousand; but I am sure
of one thing, that those owned by loyal men do
not number sixty thousand. Sir, the slaveholders
of that State, at any rate a majority of them in that
as in all the States, perhaps with the exception of
Maryland and Delaware and West Virginia, are
and have been in sympathy with this rebellion, for
it is nothing more nor less than a slaveholders'
rebellion. Slavery is written on the forehead of
the rebellion. .
Sir, we have settled by a resolution of the Con-
gress of the United States that we will aid these
loyal States ill emancipating their slaves. Byihat
resolution I understand that we pledged the faith
of the nation to aid these States in emancipation,
butwedid not pledge our faith that we would pay
any price asked for the slaves by their masters.
I understand that resolution to mean that we, the
people of the United States, are ready to put our
hands in our pocket sand to contribute of our means
to aid the loyal people of the loyal States to rid
themselves of slavery. It was to be an aid to
emancipation, not a full and complete compensa-
tion. Sir, every man knows that if slavery bad
never existed in the State of Missouri; if that State,
in 1820, had entered the list of free Common-
wealths, it would have from five hundred thou-
sand to one million more inhabitants to-day than
if has now; that instead of being desolated from
one end to the other, instead of the tramp of armed
men over its broad, rich fields, and the desolations
of war around its dwellings, it would be the
foremost Commonwealth west of the Alleghany
mountains. By her geographical position; by her
agricultural and mineral resources; by everything
the God of nature gave her, she is the lirst Suite
west of the Alleghany mountains. To-day she
would have been the first State west of the mount-
ains, had it not been for the blighting curse of sla-
very. Abolish slavery in Missouri this day, blot
it out at once and forever, and let peace and oi dei
come to Missouri and the country, and thatabo-
