1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3,
REPORTS FJiOM COM5IITTBES.
Mr. WlIiLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked m be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Sarah A. Mower,
widow ofThomas G.Mower; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (H.R. No. 566) for
the relief of Doctor William Trevitt; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom the subject was referred, have directed me
to report a bill (S. No. 578) to construct a ship
canal for the passage of armed and naval vessels
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and
for the enlargement of the looks of the Erie canal
and the Oswego canal of New Yoi k, to adapt them
to the defense of ihe northern lakes. The com-
mittee report the bill without any expression of
opinion in regard to it; there being a difference in
the committee on the subject. I am, myself, in
favor of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Mary A. Hyde;
the memorial of Matilda M. Wntmough; the pe-
tition of citizens of Detroit, Michigan, in behalf
of Clementine Fink; and the memorial of the Le-
gislature of Minnesota for an extension of the
pension laws to the sufferers by the Sioux raid;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sion®, asked to be discharged fiom the further
consideration of the joint resolution (S. No. 95)
to repeal a certain provision in the net approved
May 7, I860, entitled "An act for the relief of
Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of the late brevet
Major General Persifor F. Smith; Mrs. Harriet
B. Macomb, widow of Major General Alexander
Macomb; and Mrs. Arabella Uiley, widow of
Brevet Major Generil Bonnet Itiley; which was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, fyom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked to l e discharged from the further
consideration of the joint resolution (S.No. 124)
relating to League island; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the following bills
and joint resolutions, asked to he discharged fiom
their further consultation; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 172) to revive the charters of
certain banks m the District of Columbia;
A bill (ri. No. 31^) to establish a branch of the
Mint of the United States in the Tei ntory of Ne-
vada;
A bill (tt. No. 550) to establish a branch mint
of the United States in the Temtoty of Nevada;
A bill ( S. No. 560) to pievent the circulation
in the (Jmted Stales of the bonds and notes of the
so-called confederate States;
A joint resolution (S. No. 93) prohibiting the
further issue of Treasuiy notes, and foi other
puiposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 113) to pay I lie Sen-
ators and menibeis of Congiess mileage for the
present session.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the following
subjects, asked to be discharged from their fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to:
A message of the President of the United States,
communicated on the 19ih of January, approving
a joint resolution for the immediate payment of
the Army and Navy, and recommending a tax on
bank circulation;
A repoitof the Secretary of the Treasury, of
February 4, and a report of January 27, relative
to the duty on printing paper;
A letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, of
January 21, lelative to the organization of the
office of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
A memorial of Loekwood & Co., and other
bankers of New Yoik, praying for the ittum of
their deposit on bids for the loan of June, 1860;
A letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, of
January 26, communicating the report of the com-
missioner for the collection of taxes in the dis-
trict of South Carolina;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior, of Jan-
uary 19, recommending appropriations for sundry
expenses in Dakota Territory, including that of
taking the census therein;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior, of Feb-
ruary 9, recommending an appropriation for the
payment of the claim of A. II. Jones and H. M.
C. Brown;
Resolutions of the Legislature of New York
relative to the assessment and collection of direct
taxes by that State;
Resolutions of the Legislatureaof New York in
favor of reducing the duties on printing papery
Resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin in
favor of reducing the duties on printing paper;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Connecticut
in favor of certain modifications of the internal
revenue act;
Resolution of the Legislature of Connecticut in
relation to a uniform system of weights, meas-
ures, and currency;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas in fa-
vor of applying the debt due to that State while
a Territory to the payment of her share of the
direct tax;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Maine in favor
of taxing articles while in the hands of venders
and manufacturers before they roach the con-
sumer;
Resolutions of the Legislature of California in
favor of continuing the overland mail and pony
express;
Resolutions of the City Councils of the city of
New York, relative to the establishment of a mint
in that city;
A memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
New Yoik relative to coinage at the assay office
in that city;
A remonstrance of the Board of Trade of Phila-
delphia against theestablishment of a mint at New
York; ,
A memorial of th'e executive board of the Illi-
nois Slate Agricultural Society, relative to the
issue of coupon bonds by the United States;
The petition of the board of directors of the
branch of the Southern Bank of St. Louis at Sa-
vannah, Missoun;
The petition of Baldwin, Dewitt, & Co., of
Cleveland, Ohio, for reduction of the duty on iron
and steel;
The petition of express companies for a reduc-
tion of tax imposed upon them;
The petition of B. A. Fioiseth, in favor of fa-
cilitating emigration to the United States;
A memorial of Berlin & Son and Charles Led-
iard, wholesale liquor dealers in New York;
The petition of Jasper Ilazan, relative to the
disposition of the lands in the rebellious States;
The petition of merchants and bunkers of Now
York that legal tender notes may be made receiv-
able for duties;
Twenty-four petitions of citizens of the United
Slates for the construction of a road from Alex-
andria to the tomb of Washington; and
A resolution to provide foi an increase m the
compensation of the messengers in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, asked to be discharged fiom the further
consideration of all other petition?}, memorials, and
resolutions referred to that committee and not re-
poited on; which was agreed to.
KCUOOLSIN WASHINGTON COUNTY.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 533. It ought to pass,and 1 think there will
be no controversy about its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill of the
Senate (No. 533) to provide for the public in-
struction of youth in primaly schools throughout
the county of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, without the limits of the cities of Wash-
ington and Geoigetown, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary commenced reading the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill that is under con-
sideration is evidently one that is very long, and
of a local character. There is a biil here of pub-
lic impoitance which I think ought to be acted
upon, and to which I called the attention of the
Senate on several occasions last night, but was
unable to get action on it. I move that the pend-
ing business be laid aside, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
7*68, to provide for the election of Representatives
in Congress from the States of Tennessee and
Louisiana.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: there was a bill taken
up, and it was being-read; the question of order
I make is whether, while the Secretary is reading
a bill which has been taken up and is under con-
sideration, it is in order to make a motion of this
kind?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
to make a motion at any time to postpone t'he ques-
tion under consideration, and suspend the reading
for that purpose. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CARLILE and Mr. POWELL called fofc
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary called the roll.
EDWARD D. TIPPETT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before an-
nouncing the vote on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois, the Chair will present some bills
and joint resolutions from the House of Repre*
sentatives which are on the table.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 156) to con-
firm the adverse decision of the Court of Claims
in the case of Edward D. Tippett, was read three
times, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 711) to facilitate the col-
lection of the revenue in El Paso county, Texas,
and m the Territory of New Mexico, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
The biil (H. R. No. 780) to regulate the duties
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives in
preparing for the organization of the House was
leait twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it.be put on its passage.
There being no objection, ihe bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that before the first meeting of the next and of
every subsequent Congress, the Clerk of the pre-
ceding House of Representatives shall make a roll
of the members elect, and shall place thereon the
names of all persons and such persons only whose
credentials show that they weie regularly elected
in accordance with the laws of their States re-
spectively or the laws of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed".
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
confeience on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. II. No. 732) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th of June, 1864,
submitted the following report:
Tiie committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of tiie two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 73*2) making apptopiiations fur sundry civil expenses
of the Government lor the year ending June 30,1864. Imv-
intj met. alter lull and free conference have agieed to rec-
ommend, and do rccoinmcnd, to then ret peetive Houses
as follows:
That tiie Ilou^e recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate numbeied one, two, three,
three and a qnaiter,three and a half, three .uk! three quar-
ter-, five.seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, thirteen, fourteen,
j fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty,
twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-tom.twen-
tj-tive, twenty-MX, tweuty-&< ven, twenty-eight. twenty-
lime, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-five, and thirty-six.
That the Senate recede from their amendments num-
bered six, thirty-three, and thiriy-foui.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate's fourth amendment, and agiee to the same with
the following: add at the end of said Senate amendment
ns follows: '• for payment of arrcnrajjii-s to Capitol police,
due under act of April 2'3, 185i, $9,500."
That the Senate leeede iiom their twelfth amendment,
and strike out auer the wotd >{iauN" in t se twenty-fifth
line, page 17, the woids "($1,000,000," and insert in lieu
theteoi "$600,000, to be settled upon ptoper vouchers to
be filed and passed upon by the ptoper accounting officers
of the Tre«e*uiy. Pioiuled, Thai in determining the claims
to he allowed under this act, the s-aine jnineiples, lules,
and regulations shall be obseived by the accounting offi-
ceis m auditing s>aid expense^ as have been applied to the
chnns allowed to States, under the act iippmvcd July 27,
1861, entitled 'An act to indemnify the States for expcns.es
incuned by them in defense of tiie United States " and
the IIou>o agree to the same.
That the Ilouse reeede fio'tn their disagreement to tho
thntieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: m line s-even of said Senate
amendment strike out the word £" three,"and insert in iicu
theieof the word "two." VV. P. FESSENDEN,
DANIEL CLARK,
2Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDEbV STEVENS,
JAMES BUFFINTON,
CYRUS ALDRIOH,
Managers on the part of the Horn**
The report w,as concurred in.
