L863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
.stitution, or some special authority given, would
have a right to appropriate from the Treasury any
amount of money for this purpose. .1 presume it
was with a view to that constitutional objection
that the resolution was worded as it was, and that
the recommendation came from the President as
it did, an expression that the United States ought
-to assist the States in paying for the slaves that
/might be emancipated, if they chose to adopt such
•A policy. What may be the true construction of
it, I do not undertake now to say. If this meas-
ure can be defended, in my juSgment it must be
defended as a matter that in this time of war would
be advisable, necessary, perhaps, with a view to
the more speedy and effectual suppression of the
tebellion. In that point of view, we may have
Authority to pass it.
Thebillof the House of Representatives comes
rfro.m a Representative from Missouri; and what
does it propose? Several propositions are sub-
mitted, and the language is peculiar. In the first
place, that " the Government of the United States
will, upon the passage by said State of a good an J
yalid act of emancipation,M.do so and «o. The
Committee on the Judiciary has changed that
phraseology, and simply said that the bonds shall
he delivered upon the passage of a law. Now, sir,
■We need not go to any refinements on this ques-
tion. An act may be passed which will be a law
upon the statute-book of the State of Missouri
emancipating her slaves, and yet that law may
have no valid or constitutional effect whatever;
sand it was with a view, as 1 understand, to apro*>
yision in the constitution of the State of Missouri
■upon that subject that the bill was guarded in this
way, that the law to be passed should be a good
and* valid act. It was with a view to that, also,
that it might be made so by the people, that a time
was stated within which it might be done—that is,
w.ithin one year from the year 1863. The language
is,u that such act be passed within one year from
and after the'lst day of January, 1863, for imme-
diate emancipation." That time was given in
order to effect the purpose, and it was with a view
to that particular difficulty, as I understand, that
the act was so framed.
You will notice that the same thing is repeated
in the latter part of the bill as it was passed by the
House of Representatives, " that suid bonds shall
be deliverable to the Governor of the State of Mis-
souri whenever the President shall be satisfied that
a good, valid, and constitutional act of emancipa-
tion shall have been passed." Now, sir, if we
simply appropriate a given amount of money to be
handed over to the State of Missouri when a law
shall be passed by that State, without inquiring
whether that Jaw has any effect to emancipate the
slaves, we may deprive ourselves of our money
and yet not accomplish our object legally; and it
was with a view to ihat that the bill was so
guarded in the other House as to provide that l>e-
fore the money shall be paid, the President should
be satisfied that the act passed produced the effect
which was desited. Ail that, however, has been
stricken out by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and if the bill be amended as they propose, there is
no guard whatever upon that anticipated difficulty,
for I think I am justified in saying that it was an-
ticipated.
There is another ground on which that is put.
It does not pretend to interfere with details, but it
says to the people of Missouri, " if you will ac-
complish a cAtain purpose within aceitain time,
we will pay you so much money." We do n««t
pretend, nor did the resolution that we parsed la«f
year to which the Senator from Massachusetts has
referred pretend, that the Government would pay
the whole value of the slaves even ofloyal persons,
but simply that it would assist the States who were
disposed to emancipate their slaves, tn bringing
about a result so much to be desired in every par-
ticular. The hill of the House of Representatives
is well, m my judgment much better than the
proposition of tiie Committee on the Judiciary,
which places the act fai j-.head, and makes condi-
tions and contingencies. I think it better to sim-
ply pass over a certain sum of money when the
object is clearly accomplished. Thatiscomingup
to our pledge. It is coming up to our pledge, if
any pledge was given, when we pass the bill which
was introduced by a Representative from Mis-
souri, advocated by him, carried through the other
House by him. When the bill has come to the
Sspate under those circumstances, we should act
very strangely, in my judgment, rf we wferg to
press on the State a larger sum than seems to'be
satisfactory to the State itself, and larger than ap-
pears to be sufficient to accomplish the purpose.
In all these particulars I like the bill of the
House of Representatives -very much better than
the substitute recommended by our committee.
My friend from Massachusetts has alluded to
several provisions in the House bill—I shall not
detain the Senate by going over them—which are
also careful safeguards with regard to this mat-
ter, but which are omitted in the proposed substi-
tute. I wish to say here, however, that there is
one provision in the bill which I cannot support.
I allude to the clause with regard to deportation.
The second clause of the first section reads in
this way: u that in the event of the adoption by
the said State of abolishment of slavery therein,
as hereinbefore provided, the Government of the
United-States will employ all reasonable means
for the deportation of such of said emancipated
slaves," &,c.
That pledge is one which I am not willing to
give. I do not intend by any vote of mine to go
any further than we have gone on that subject,
beyond the very limited number of slaves in the
District of Columbia, I am not willing to appro-
priate any money whatever out of the Treasury
of the United States for the purpose of taking
these people out of the country. If we attempt
it, we are plunging into an unknown ocean, and
a boundless ocean of expenditure; we arc pledg-
ing ourselves to what we may not be able to carry
out, and what i doubt very much whether we
should ever attempt to carry out. We have cer-
tainly given no promise on that head, either ex-
press or implied, that we would go any further,
or recommend the people of the United States to
go any further, than simply to assist such States
as were disposed to emancipate their slaves, not
that we would assist in their deportation. I shall
not vote for that clause of the bill; lam not satis-
"fied with it; 1 cannot give my assent to it in any
way; and I *rm not certain that I can vote for the
bill if that clause remains in it.
I rose, sir, to suggest that the bill before us is
better than the uroposed substitute, because it is
satisfactory to the House of Representatives, sat-
isfactory to the Representative from the State of
Missouri who introduced arid advocated it, is less
in amount, proposing to appropriate only half
as much, and yet, in my judgment, a sufficient
amount. I have no belief I hat the slaves in Mis-
souri, or any other .State, on the average, are worth
to-day, or were ever worth, §300. We fixed the
price very high in this District. I have been told
by a distinguished citizen of Maryland that the
people of Maryland, or rather the owners of
slaves who make the laws, had fixed $158 as the
average rate of valuation for slaves in that State
for the purpose of taxation. The Senator from
Maryland can tell me whether I am right or not.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am not aware, really, of
any action ever having been taken upon that; nor
do I know of any assessment law of that kind.
Mr FESSISNDEN. I am assured that that is,
as fixed by law, the average rate of valuation of
slaves in the State of Maryland for the purpose
of taxation.
Mr. KENNEDY. The Senator will allow me
to say that be4ore the intercourse between the
middle States and the South was broken up,
slaves bore as high a value in the State of Mary-
land as they did m the State of Louisiana. Their
annual hire, which is the only means by which
you can estimate their real value, was as high in
Maryland as in Virginia, North Carolintt, or? ven
South Carolina. I do not know what the inform-
ation is that the Senator has received, but I am
peifeotly sure in my own mind that the valuation
which he has stated would be gteatly too low,
Mr. FE3SENDEN. With reference to that,
I take it that the people of the country are not re-
sponsible for any falling off m the value of slaves
in one State or another in consequence of the re-
bellion. We must take the present value, and.if
we £o according to the present value in the State
of Missouri, uncertain as the tenure is 
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Will the Sena-
tor from Maine allow me to say a word on this
point ?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. In relation to the
value of the slaves in the State of Missouri, I Will
state that I have observed' that sales have be«m
made in several-parts trf our State recently, a**ji
that tire value of men has been from*f40O to $600.
I have also noticed that slaves bave beeu hked fti
several counties, the county in w*hich my col-
league resides for one, as high as $160 for the*year.
Mr. PESSEMMN. If the value of able-bodied
men in that State is from ^OO to$600; yo«^>ukl
easily guess what the'average would be when
you take in the old meh and women arid the
children. It is manifest that it would not eti$no.u£>
to §300, or even to $200, or$150, in my judgment.
But I was speaking of the law of Maryland, which
fixed the valuation of slaves, for purposes of tax-
ation, before this rebellion. Everybody knows
that in States where slavery exists, the slave-
holders make the laws. If, for the' purpose- of
escaping taxation and throwing it on labor, they
fixed a low valuation, let us hold them to it.
When we come to buy, let us hold them to some-
thing Hke their own valuation of their slaves when
they were paying taxes on them. I believed kt
the time the law was passed making $300 the
average'in this District, it was altogether too high.
In my judgment, it ought not to have been half
that; but in that case the sum total was small,
and I did not undertake <o quarrel over it. I do
not want a quarrel here. I do not care anything
about the average value that way be fixed in «.
State, because I am apposed to fixing any. If we
are to apropriate anything, I would rather ap-
propriate a sum in gross, provided slavery is
utterly abolished in the State, and then the object
is accomplished, the money is paid,-and we have
nothing further to do with it; and a great objectit
will be to the country at large, but infinitely greater
to the State where the thing is done.
With these remarks I have expressed jpy own
notions about these two bills, and I am prepared
to act upon them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire, sir, to make one
remark in reference to the bill that came from the
House of Representatives. I am very well awafc
that that measure was introduced m that body,
though not exactly in the shape in which itpassed,
by one of the Representatives from my State. T
believe that he and one other were the only two of
her'Representatives that supported the bill in that
body. I do not arrogate to myself any knowl-
edge superior to the knowledge possessed by any
member of the House of Representatives from my
State; but I ought to be supposed to know as
much about emancipation m the State of Missouri
as he who never raised his voice in its favor at any
time when it was necessary thatsome man should
raise his voice in favor of it. 1 apprehend, sir,
that I know at least as much about the feelings of
the people ofMissouu;as much about the number
of the slaves there; as much about the value of
those slaves, as any representative on the floor of
either House.
I took ground last summer in favor of this prop-
osition after it had been submitted to the people of
the border States, by a resolution that was adopt-
ed almost unanimously by both branches of Con-
gress. I told the people that in good faith the
CongressoftheUnited States would come up and
meet us upon a proposition of this character if we
would lid ourselves of an institution which was
supposed to be in the way of peace.
Mr. President, we have expended already, I
apprehend, $1,000,000,000 in this wm\ What is
the cause of this war? Do gentlemen tell me it is
slavery ? If it is, Mr. President, this is yet the
cheapest way to end the war. 1 do not know, sir,
but that it is the only way in which it ever will
be ended. Sir, I desire to preserve the Union of
these States, and theie is no sacrifice that I would
not make in order to accomplish thatend. If there
is any aspiration in my heart that rises above all
others, it.is a desire that this country should again
be reunited in the bonds of fellowship that once
bound us together. Sir, I look upon amounts of
money that may be appropriated as mere chaff
when weighed m the balance with the blessings of
this Union,that we may enjoy again if the proper
policy be pursued on our part, I cannot for my
life see the reason influencing gentlemen when they
willingly vote millions and hundreds of millions
of dollars, provided that money is stained with
blood, and yet tremble when one tenth of the
amount would effect ten thousand times more in
the way of peace and union and harmony.
Sir, 1 never have faltered in my defense of the
