1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
COLLECTION OF REVENUE AT EL PASO.
Mi. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to report back from the Com-
mittee on Commerce the bill (H. R. No. 711) to
facilitate) the collection of the revenue in El Paso
county, Texas, and in the Territory of New Mex-
ico; and I also ask the unanimous consentofthe
Senate to have it put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to repeal the tenth section of an act makmg^ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1858, approved March 3,
1857, and to revive and reenact the act creating a
collection district m Texas and New Mexico, ap-
proved August 2, 1854; but the collector is to re-
Bide at El Paso, Texas, instead ofProntera. The
jurisdiction of the district court of New Mexico
is to extend over the citizens of El Paso county,
Texas, only in cases notmstituted by indictment,
and the trial and proceedings for violations of the
revenue laws in the district coui t of New Mexico
are to be the same as in other distiict courts of
the Un i ted States invested with admiralty powers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TENNESSEE AND LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote will"
now be announced on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The Secretary announced the vote—yeas 23,
nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Amlinpy, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon. Doolmle, Fe^enden, Foot, Ilailan, Uarritt, flicks,
Howant, Howe, King, Lane of Indiana, Shennan, Sum-
ner, Ten I2yckj Tiumbuil, Wade, Willey, WiJmot, ae.<.'
Wilson of Ma* achu_-etls—23.
N'AYS—Messis. Arnold, Carlile, Cowan, Davis,Gmo<
Latham, Net-initli, Powell, Riee, Richaidson, Sauisbun ,
and WtKon of JNIissotui—12.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The business
before the Senate is the bill taken up on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, providing for the
election of Representatives to Congress from the
States of Tennessee and Louisiana.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
postpone the further consideration of that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no. Let us pass it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. You cannot
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us sec.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read at length as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to dispense with all pre-
vious orders and take up Senate bill No. 474; and
upon that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
'Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the chairman of the
• Committee on the Judiciary if he abandons the
hope of passing (he bill for the election of Repre-
sentatives frum Tennessee and Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not. We can paws it
in a few minutes, if Senators allow us to act on it,
unless tiic design of the Senator from Kentucky
is merely to take up the time by making other
motions.
Mr. DAVIS. It is to defeat this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it can be done legiti-
mately,! have no objection. If the Senator is not
for if, let him vote against it; but I trust my friend
fiom Kentucky is not going to resort to mere mo-
tions for delay, to a factious opposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I intend to defeat this bill by any
parliamentary proceeding that is allowable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the pending
and all piior orders, for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill indicated by
hmi, being bill S. No. 474, to authorize the pay-
ment of compensation for the occupation of prop-
el ly by troops of the United States; and upon that
motion he demands the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. That bill ought to be taken up.
Mr. GRIMES. What is U?
Mr. DAVIS. It is a bill to take testimony in
relation to the claims against the United States
Government growing; out of Army operations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A roving commission.
Mr. DAVIS. It is no roving commission nt
all. It is a commission of three commissioners to
be appointed in this city. Mr. President, a bill
having that object in relation to all the claims in
Western Virginia was introduced at the last ses-
sion of Congress. It was pressed repeatedly by
one of the Senators from Virginia during the pres-
ent session. It was referred to the Committeeon
Military Affairs,'and afterwards that committee
was discharged fi omits consideration, and a select
committee was laised to which it was referred.
The select committee adopted a bill prepared by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,]
and that bill was substantially and almost in its
provisions the same with a bill for the same pur-
pose pending m the House of Representatives.
That bill, if it was to be taken up and passed by
the Senate, would, in all probability, be passed by
the House of Representatives. It ought to be taken
up for this reason: instead of the commission be-
ing a roving one, the evidence of the many small
claims which that bill is inten ied to provide for
is roving, because that evidence is principally with
the Army of the United States, and consists in
the knowledge of Army men and officers in rela-
tion to the various claims that would be set up
against the United States. These men are in the
service; they are subject to the casualties of bat-
tle; they are liable to disease and death; and m
that way the evidence to a great extent may be
destroyed, and the persons interested in claims
which ought to be satisfied may forever be de-
prived of the opportunity of taking proof to estab-
lish them.
These considciations, I think, ought to be not
only imperative but conclusive in affecting the
decision of the Senate to act or not to act upon
this subject. It is a bill of great interest, and of
great importance. It concerns Missouri, Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Western Virginia, and Mary-
l uid. It is a measure that addresses itself to the
interests of thousands and tens of thousands of
men who have small claims of that character
against die United States. I receive petitions al-
most daily and letteis from Kentucky in lelation
to this matter, and these petitioners and letter
writers take this ground: here the Government
has taken our property; Congress is wasting much
time upon other measures of no practical import-
ance; here is one of great practical importance, in-
volving the interests of a numerous class of people;
they have been seeking for seventeen or eighteen
months to some extent lor justice from their Gov-
ernment in relation to these grievances, and they
have not been able to obtain it. Now, Mr, after
this subject and this bill has been so repeatedly
brought to the attention of Congress, and of the
Senate particulaily, if Congress will persist in
voting down every movement to bring the subject
before it for its action and consideration, and will
turn a deaf car to the petitions and claims of
these persons for a redress of their grievances and
for the payment of their claims against the Gov-
ernment, they will consider it as unfriendly and
oppressive on the part of the Government against
them. It ought to be taken up and passed; it
ought to have been taken up and passed long ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am familiar with the bill
referred to; but it is idle to take up that bill. It is
a Senate bill; it cannot be engrossed and sent to
the House of Representatives in time to be acted
upon. If the Senator has made up his mind to
defeat the biil dividing the States of Tennessee and
Louisiana into congressional districts, it is idle,
also, to proceed with that. We have but an hour
and a half left. I trust, therefore, that the Sena-
tor from Kentucky will withdraw his motion, and
allow mo to take up a House bill to which 1 think
there will be no objection. We may be able to
pass a few House bills to which there is no ob-
jection.
Mr. DAVIS. I am disposed to accede to the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio. If there is
any piactscal, useful measure of legislation before
the Senate to which the opposition is not fixed
and determined, I will make no objection what-
ever to taking up any such business as that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit the motion
to take up House biil 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is upon the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
upon which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood him to with-
draw it.
Mr. POWELL. I object to withdrawing it.
The PRESI DENTpro tempore. Docs the Sen-
ator from Kentucky withdraw his motion?
Mr. DAVIS. I will if the Senate will take up
the business of the Senatorgjfora Ohio^ but if that
is voted down-  -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair can-
notentertain a conditional withdrawal of a motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection the Senator may do so.
Mr. KING and Mr. POWELL. There is ob-
jection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will call the roll on the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President,-I desire to
state to the Senate the reasons why the bill alluded
to by my colleague should be taken up; but at
the instance of tfie Senator from Ohio, who has a
private bill that he says will take but a moment, I
ask that this be passed over informally for that
purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The roll must
be called on the pending motion.
Mr. POWELL. I am very desirous that tho
bill which my colleague has moved to take up
should pass. As my colleague has said, both
he and myself have been trying, at the last 'ses-
sion of Congress and at this session, to have a
bill similar to this passed. The Senators from
Virginia and others have been making efforts for
it. I have sent to the Committee on the Judiciary
myself two bills on the subject. We could get
no favoiable action upon them. The constituents
of my colleague and myself are addressing us
daily; and I dare say it is the same with tliQcon-
stituents of the Senators from Virginia and others*,
they have often, repeatedly informed me such was
the fact. In that region of Kentucky and other
border States through which the Union Army has
passed, there arc families that were well off here-
tofoic, who have been made penniless. They
have appealed to this Congress in every form to
allow them some feasible mode, some law by
which they can present their claims to the Gov-
ernment. It has been uniformly denied. We
have drawn up separate bills on two or three oc-
casions, both at the last session of Congress and
at. this session, but we could get no action on
them. Ultimately, on the motion of my colleague,
there was a special committee raised, to which
the whole subject was referred. They reported
the bill upon the tabic. It is a bill which, in my
judgment, does not go half the length it should go;
it is very restricted; but the representatives from
the border States have agreed to take it as the best
and only thing they can get; and now, when mo-
tion after motion has been made to take it up, in
which we have failed, we hope that at this last
hour the Senate will allow it to be taken up, and
a vote to be had upon it.
There is no question before this Congress, or
that has been before it, of such importance to the
people of the border States as this bill. As it is,
the Government has deprived them of their prop-
el ty, and many of them are penniless; and all they
ask by this bill is that you will appoint some tri-
bunal by which they can collect their testimony.
The interest of the Government demands that it
should bedone; becauseweallknowthatasclaims
grow stale they get into the hands of speculators,
and vast frauds aie practiced upon the Government.
It is alike due, then, to the Government and to the
people who are injured that this bill should pass.
We, whose constituents are deeply interested in
it, know it is not such a bill as we are entitled tot
but being the best we can get, we have all united
and agreed (o pass it. I hope there will be no
objection to its being taken up, and passed. 1 be-
lieve it will go through the House of Represent-
atives if we pass it now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion of Mr. Davis, resulted—yeas 12, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Mew Arnold, Caiiile, Davis, Dixon, Hicks,
Lane of Indiana, Latham, Nesmith, Powell, Rice, WUley,
and Wilson of Missouri—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamor,
Cowan, Doohttle, Fe«?enden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kimr,Morrill,Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Sumner, Ten Eyck, TiumbuJI, Wade, Wilkinson,
Wilmot, and Wilson ofMaswirhusetts—25.
So the motion of Mr. Davis was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the pending
bill be laid aside temporarily to take up House
bill No. 694, to which I think there will be no
objection.
