1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon monop<*ty, but upon free banking; at the
great military measures, necessary to command
our whole fotce on land and on sen, to put down
this rebellion; at the organization of our national
armies; at the organization of our national Navy;
those great and gigantic measures worthy of what
we are and are to be, by which we are about to
demonstrate to the world that this nation still
iives—ay, sir, more, that this nation not only
lives, but is to become, if itis not already, on sea
and on land, the greatest military Power of the
earth.
Other measures, unsuifed to times of peace, of
great importance, have been enacted. We have
been called upon, in this time of civil war, even
to authorize a limited suspension of the habeas
corpus; to authorize the Ptesident to issue letters
of marque and reprisal; and to declare by the al-
most unanimous voice of both Houses of Congress
that any further efforts by France or England, or
any other foreign Power, to intervene or attempt to
mediate in our affairs with a view to recognize the
independent and separate existence of the south-
ern rebellious confederacy, based as it is upon sla-
very as its chief corner-stone, will be regarded as
an unfriendly act toward this Government,and at
war with the fundamental principles of Christian
civilization throughout the world. Should the
European nations disregard our declaration thus
solemnly made, God only knows what conse-
quences may follow. We know we are right, and
upon them will rest all the consequences.
Besides these measures, one half of which I
have not mentioned, so vast and important, see
what is going on here at home. While this war
is raging; while the leaders of this unholy rebel-
lion against every law, human and divine, are
endeavoring to sever the cotton States from this
Union, we have just passed through this body,
this last night of'the session, bills to admit two
new States into this glorious sisterhood of States;
two new States soon to equal California m their
mineral wealth and resources; two great States—
golden States—on the great highway from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, on the line of the railroad,
(another great measure of the present Congress;)
States which, as they become developed, are to
bind in eternal embrace the East and the West,
and make the union .between tfur Atlantic and
Pacific empire perpetual.
Sir, I would not detain the Senate, but I cannot
forbear to allude to one or two topics more before
I close. Look for a moment at the glorious free
States of this Union. What a spectacle do they
present to the civilized world ! At this very hour,
when we are in the midst of a gigantic war, our
ships laden with the voluntary conuibutions of
the American people, cross the ocean three thou-
sand miles to feed the starving children of the Old
World, speaking to them as we can, as no other
nation on the earth can speak, "we have bread
enough and to spaie; land enough and to spare;
come and enjoy them without money and without
price. If too poor to come, we will send the bread
to feed you."
In spite of rebellion at home, in spite of threat-
ened intervention from abroad, we will he true to
ourselves, true to humanity, true to the great
principle which is the foundation stone of our
Republic—" liberty, equality, fraternity."
How should the people ot the free States bless
God the Almighty that in His mercy thus far, in
the midst of this gigantic war, not one foot of
their soil has been reddened with the blood of this
conflict. It has all been confined to the insur-
rectionary districts; and the man or the men in
those States who sympathize with this rebellion,
and who would transfer its bloody and devasta-
ting work to their hitherto peaceful and prosper-
# ous fields and cities and towns, should meet the
indignant frowns of every man, woman, and child.
Ay, sir, justice would lash him with a whip of scor-
pions naked from the face of civilized man. But,
sir, these sympathizers are already alarmed.
They begin to go back to their hiding places. The
day of judgment and of final retribution for them
is at hand. They will call on the rocks and the
mountains to cover them. We are to crush and
put down this rebellion and all its aiders, abettors,
and sympathizers. This nation is to stand before
the world greater, more powerful, more glorious
than it has over yet been, or than has ever entered
into the imagination of man to conceive.
Mr. Piesident, it is in the utterance of senti-
ments like thrse that I would have this Congress
expire, I would have the last word spoken here
in the American Senate, declare the unalterable
purpose of the American people to be to crush out
this wicked rebellion. So far from giving: over the
controversy in which we are now engaged, let that
last word say to the whole world, to traitors at ■
home, and to those who would intervene from
abroad, " we have but just begun to fight; we are
just bending ourselves to give our whole energies
to the contest; we will fight it through; we will
never surrender our sovereignty to our territories
on the Gulf." We bought Florida on purpose to
get rid of a foreign Power holding jurisdiction
on the north side of the Gulf; we bought Louis-
iana to hold the mouth of the Mississippi upon
grounds of the highest political necessity; and in
the name of the great Northwest I say that they
will hold the mouth of the Mississippi river though
they reduce Louisiana to what it was when we took
it, a territory of swamps and crocodiles. They
will never surrender it to any foreign Power. Let
us say to England and to France and to the whole
civilized world, that to talk to us about our ad-
mitting the independence of another Power hold-
ing the mouth of the Mississippi and our coast
.upon the Gulf of Mexico, is to talk of war with
the United States. Sir, it is neccssary to our na-
tional life. Every day and every hour but strength-
en the conviction that we must hold the valley of
the Mississippi or die. We are determined to hold
it, though it shall involve foreign war; though it
shall bring the upheaving of the world. We shall
never surrender our power there. We shall never
give over the controversy. If this generation fail,
our children after us will continue the struggle.
I hope the Senate will pardon me for giving
utterance to such strong language. My feelings
would not allow me to say less. Sir, I admit
that sometimes the clouds hang over us with thick
darkness, sometimes the light isalmost obscured,
yet I have been blessed with that abiding faith
which, in the darkest hour, feels no doubt of our
ultimate success?. Our cause is the cause of hu-
manity, the cause of constitutional liberty for
ourselves and for all mankind. There have been
times, it is true, when the public mind has been
oppressed with gloom, sometimes with apprehen-
sion; but beyond those clouds and through that
gloom I believe we can see the dawning light of
the coming day. Sir, it is a part of my religious
conviction, and I do not hesitate to declare it
even here that this Republic, the United States of
America, is that political Power upon earth which
the prophets have foretold, for which the good
men of all ages have longed and prayed, and for
whose success and duration, Heaven, with all its
omnipotence, stands pledged.
Sir, I believe that truth and justice, that liberty
and law will triumph, and that the day of that
triumph is drawing near.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I cannot suf-
fer the discussion respecting the bill which was
sought to bo taken up by my friend from Illinois
to cease without making some reply to the severe
charge brought against it by the Senator from
Delaware. He characterized the bill as a " con-
spiracy to subvert the Constitution." Time will
not permit me, and 1 would not thus trespass on
the Senate, to make any extended statement of
the contents of the biil which we have sought at
this late hour to put upon its final passage. I will
say, however, in reply to this malignant chargc
brought against the bill, which the majority here
are so anxious to pass, that it enables the Union
people of the States of Tennessee and Louisiana,
by a regular proceeding according to the State
codes of those two States, to elect Representatives
to represent them in the Congiess of the United
States; and the only departure from the State codes
in that respect embodied in this bill is that it re-
quires the voter, when he presents himself at the
polls, to take the oath of allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to swear to sup-
port, uphold, and defend its Constitution.
Sir, that is all the subversion of the Constitu-
tion contemplated in this bill. Such is the1'con- i
spiracy"so obnoxious to the mind of the Senator
from Delaware. Sir, is it an injury to the Union
people of those States that we should allow them
to elect their Representatives ? Is it an attempt,
on our part, to subveit the Constitution of the
country to extend to them the right of suffrage
and the right of representation in theother House?
U would seem so, from the remarks'.of.that Sen*
ator. Indeed, it seems to have , become, in the
minds of some members of this body, a." conspi-
racy," on the part of the loyal members of th©
Senate, to pass any act the object of which is to
restore the Union and to reestablish the Constitu-
tion in its force and in its benignity. This chaVge
of conspiracy to subvert the Constitution by the
passage of this bill is no less absurtl than, in it-
self, it is malignant and unjust. It is, sir, the last
and conclusive proof of the sickly venom of an
expiring faction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia.
Mr, SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will do
an act of justice in passing the bill I have referred
to. I am told it is enrolled and can be passed in
tinae. It is House bill No. 694. If there is a single
objection to it I will not ask it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. KING. I think we had not better take up
any of these bills now.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. ThcSecretary
will call the roll on the motion of the Senatorfrom
Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the call for
the yeas and nays be withdrawn.
T h o P RES ID E NT pro tempore. Does an y Sena-
tor object to the withdrawal of the call for the
yeas and nays?
Mr. TURPIE. I object.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; but
was interrupted by a message from the House of
Representatives.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Etiieridge, Us Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House of Representatives had
passed a resolution for the appointment of a com-
mittee, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate, to wait upon the
President of the United States and inform him
that, unless he may have some further communi-
cation to make, Congress,having finished the busi-
ness before it, is ready to adjourn; and that it had
appointed Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Cornelius L. L. Leary of Mary-
land, and.Mr. Edward Haigiit of New York,
the committee on its part.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Resolved, That a committee consisting of two members
be appointed by the Pre>id<'iit pro tempore, to join the com-
mittee appointed by the IIou<e ot Representatives to wait
upon the President of the United Slates and inform him
that, unless he may have some further communication to
make, Congas, having finished the business before it, ia
 eady to adjoinn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Anthony and Mr. Hicks the committee on the
part of ilie Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is nearly twelve
o'clock, I think the call for the yens and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Virginia may be
withdrawn. I wish to offers formal resolution.
The Senator from Indiana, I suppose, will not
insist on the call.
Mr. TURPI K. I withdraw the demand for the
call of the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unanimous
consent the further call of the yeas and nays will
be dispensed with. The Chair hears noobjection.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the Secretory inform the House of Repre-
sentatives that the Senate, having tini-lied the legislative
business before it, in now ready to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the joint committee
appointed to wait upon the President of the United
States and inform Sum that, unless he may have
some further communication to make, Congress,
having finished the business before it, is ready
to adjourn, reported that the commiltee had per-
formed the duty assigned them, and that the Pres-
ident had requested them to say to their respective
Houses that he had no further communication to
make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators, the
hour of twelve o'clock having arrived, which by
constitutional limitation terminates the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, the Cnair, expressing his
grateful recognition of the assured confidence and
good will of his associates of the body, declares
the Senate of the United States adjourned with-
out day.
