THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 3, 1863.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
Mr. FOUKE. The Journal ie a very long one.
I move to dispense with the reading of it.
Mr. ANCOKA. I object.
Mr. LAW-. It will take two hours to read it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on dispens-
ing with the reading;.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for a division.
Mr. WASHBUItNE. There is evidently no
quorum present, and if a division is called for, we
may as well have the Journal read.
Mr. FOUKE. I withdraw my motion.
The J ounml of yesterday was then read and ap-
proved .
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its chief clerk, announced that tl^e Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 770) to amend an act
entitled "An act-to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and pay interest on the
public debt," approved July 1,1862,and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate hud agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the indemnification
hill.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
to the concurrent resolution authorizing the joint
-committee on the conduct of the war to extend
their sessions for thirty dnys after the close of the
present Congress,and to place their report and tes-
timony in the hands of the Secretary of the Senate.
ENGLISH Oi'EUATIVJSS.
The SPEAKER, hy unanimous consent, laid
before the [louse a message from the Piesident
of the United States, transmitting a dispatch to the
Secretary of State from the United States consul
at Liveipool, England, incloMng the address of
the distressed operatives of Blackburn, England,
•to the New York relief committee, and to the in-
habitants of the United States generally.
The message and accompanying papers were
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOINT KESOLU1IONS 01' NEW MBXICO.
The SPEAKER also hud before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of the prenmble ami joint res-
olutions of tin' Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, accepting the benefits of
the act of CongK'SR of July last, donating public
hindti to the several States? and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agiiculture
and the mechanic arty.
The message and accompany in? documents
were laid upon the table, and ordeied to be pi in ted.
tJENKRAL POI'kV RF.POIiT.
The SPEAKER likewise laid helW the House
a communication from the Secretary of War, in
compliance with the resolution of the House of
the jSth ultimo, liansmitting the report of Major
General John Pope of his campaign in Vngiuffc:
which was laid upon the table,and oidered to be
printed.
1 MAIL CONTRACTS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
report fiom the Postmaster Cxenem! of offers re-
ceived and contracts made for land and water
moils, additional allowances, curtailments:, &c.;
which was laid upon the table, and oidered to be
printed.
THEASUItY BALANCES.
The SPEAKER also Uud before the House a
communication fiom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting reports from the Second and
Third Auditors of the Treasury exhibiting cer-
tain unsettled balances outstanding on the books
of then respective departments; which was laid
jpon the table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON TIIK WAR.
Mr, OLIN. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to recopcider the vote by winch the House
passed the joint resolution authorizing the Com-
mittee on the Conduct of the War to continue its
fce&sion after the expmuion of this Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
vote has been reconsidered; but even if not, the
Senate has acted on it, and disposed of the ques-
tion,
Mr. OLUN". That does not preclude us, by the
rules of the House, from reconsidering the vote,
and so informing the Senate. I wish to say but
a word upon it.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is that the vote has been already reconsidered; but
if not, the subject is not in the possession of the
House.
Mr. OLIN. Then I move that the bill be re-
called from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has informed
the House that it has agreed to the amendment,
and that concludes the action of the two Houses
on the subject.
Mr. OLiN. And precludes the possibility of
reconsidering the action of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. OLIN. I am persuaded the House would
not commit the stupid folly of adopting the reso-
lution if 
The SPEAKER. It is not a debatable ques-
tion.
NORFOLK NAVY-YAIU).
Mr. FOUKE, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Naval Affairs, House
bill No. 575, to legalize certain payments made by
William H. Peters on account of wages due by
the United States to mechanics, laborers, and other
employes at the Norfolk navy-yard; and asked
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
It was so ordered.
DAKOTA UNION RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, presented
Union resolutions of the Territory of Dakota*,
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF TAPERS.
Mr. MePIIERSON asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have taken from the files of the
House certain petitions from citizens of Franklin
and Adams counties, Pennsylvania, for damages
sustained at the hands of the rebels under Gen-
eral Stuart.
VOTE'S VIRGINIA CAMPAIGN.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, offered
a resolut ion for the printing of five thousand extra
copies of the official report ofMajor General John
Pope's campaign in Virginia; which was referred
to the Committee on Pimting.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
678, to enable the district courts of the United
States to issue executions and other final pio-
cesses in certain cases; the question being on the
passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
HER ELL f ON1 LOSSES.
Mr. FENTON. I iifek consent of the House
to take up House bill No. 401, relating to claims
for loss and destruction of property belonging to
loyal citizens,and damages done thereto by troops
of the United States during the present rebellion:
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. 1 must object.
Mi. FENTON. i move to suspend theiules
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. On that [ call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING callcd for the reading
of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. The House was acting last night under a
suspension of the rules on bills on the Speaker's
table, and this bill was laid over for consideration.
It comes up to-day under the same suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER, The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair notified the House
expressly that, bills laid over would pass from
under the operation of the special order.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to my friend from
| New York [Mr. F. A. C0nklin«] to dispense
i with the reading of the bill. It was before the
House at the last session.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I shall
object. This is a most important bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Speaker,
this bill involves 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
A Member. Is it in order to move to lay the
bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill is not before the
House, and 1 hope it will never be permitted to
come before the House.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order on a
motion to suspend the rules.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 47, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AJdrich, ilaily, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair,
Bnd^e , William G. Biown,(Jalveit, Casey, Chamberlain,
Claik, Clements,Col!a\, Conway, Cri&lield, Dutilap, Fen-
ton, Samuel (J. Fe^semlcn, Fiancbot, Goodwin, Gridcr,
Ilnlo, Hull, Hauling, Holman, Hutching, William Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Leary, Lehman, McKnight, McPherson, Mailory,
Maynimi, Menzies, Mooihead, Moms, Noiton, John S.
Phelps, Puce, Sheffield, Stiatton, Francis Thomas, Wads-
worth, Wallace, Chilton A. White, Wicklifte, and Yea-
man—47.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, J3iddle, Samuel
S. Blatr, BlaKe, Bullmton, Campbell, Frederick A. Conk-
Hnc:, Ro>coe Oonklmjj. Davis, Edgerton, Ehot, English,
Thomas A. D. Fc&M'iKlen, Cianqer, Haight, Hooper, Nor-
ton, Johnson, Julian, Kelley. Fianei* W. Kellogg, Law,
Loomis, Low, Marion, .Imtui S Morrill, Noble, Nugen,
Olin, Pendleton,Timothy G.Phelps, Pomeioy, Porter, John
11. Ricc. Kobmson, Fid wind U. Kollins. Sargent, Sedgwick,
Shanks, Shellabfu«er, Sheiman, Shiel, Sloan, Spatilding,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Benja-
min F. Thoina>,Tio\vbudge, Vallandmham, Van floi n,Van
Wjclc, Veiree, Vooihecs?, VValkei, Washburne, Albeit S.
White, Wilson, Window, and Wood—03.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
INTERNAL KEVENUE BILL.
Mr." STEVENS. I move to take up the Senate
amendments to the internal revenue bill. After
they aie disposed of, I will move to take up the
California railroad bill, as I promised.
Mr. WADSWORTIL I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I jnove to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House proceeded to the consideration of the Sen-
ate amendments to an act (H. IL No. 770) to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide internal
revenue to suppoit the Government and pay in-
terest on the public debt,"approved July 1,1862,
and for other purposes.
The Senate amendments on which no separate
vote wai demanded were concuued in. The
amendments on which separate action was taken
are as follows:
Sixth and seventh amendments:
In the foity-tlnid paragraph, frtnkoout the word? "retail
dealer in hqnots. or a& a,"and the woids " beveiagesor;"
so thai n will read :
4'A Ketai) dealers in Hquor& shall pay for ench liefmpe the
amount requned in tins act tor licence to ictail dealers.
I£vei\ person othei than a di^tiUot ot biewer who .shall sell
or oflri lor Mile ,mv drilled spiur*. fciinented hquois, or
| wine of anv description, in Quantities of three gallons or
i les . and whoso annual Vale- do not exceed $2o,U00, shall
, he iegaid"(! as a letail dealer in liquor under tin-law:
Picnderli That no person who hm- taken out ;i license to
[ keep a hotel, inn, tavern, or eating hou->e nude; this law,
shall he requited to take ouia heenr-e a- n folrtceonw. be-
cause ol a:n- tobacco and cig.iis tuimshcd in the usual
eotn-c of the bir>uie&c as a keeper of a hotel, inn, tavern,
oi e.Umg houi-e.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to non-concur in the
amendment. The effect of it is to make tavern
j keepers take out two licenses,
i Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
' that all that the Senate amend mont does is to strike
' oui the proviso that a tavern keeper may sell «
I hqnor. If he is authorized by the State laws to
i sell liquors, he will not be required, as I under'
stand it, to obtain a retail license under this law.
Mr. STEVENS. That is not so, for the com-
, missirner has decided that a tavern keeper shall
, pay license as a retail dealer in liquors, notwith-
; standing he muy he authorized by the State laws.
Mr. MORR.1LL, of Vermont, called for tellers.
Tellers wT>re oidered; nnd Messrs. Hooper and
Baxter who appointed.
j Mr. STEVENS. I wish to explain this amend-
, ment. When we passed our first law taxing tav-
! ern keepers last year, they were taxed from twenty
i dollars up, according to the rental of the house.
