594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
eral, it is so. What law imposes that duty upon
him! On the contrary, I say that the President
bas no right to look into that question or make
. such an inquiry when the law has been passed;
because the terras of our statute will then have
been complied with. When the Senator from Illi-
nois talked about fault finding he might have re-
membered what the Senator from Missouri said
not many minutesago, thathe changed the phrase-
ology because he doubted whether the Legislature
Ijad power constitutionally to pass that law. Is
it faultfinding when the Senator from Missouri
tdmits the fact that he changed it for that very
leason ?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator mistook
me in one respect. I said I did not know what
amount would be appropriated; that possibly it
would be so small an amount that the Legislature,
being unable to make full compensation out of it,
could not pass a law, or if they did pass it, it could
not accomplish emancipation, and therefore we
should have to call a convention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tlmt amounts to pre-
cisely the same thing; because they can make up
the deficiency at any moment, if they chose to do
it; and the legal point is precisely the same. Now,
the Senator from Missouri is willing to change
back, and the Senator from Illinois is willing to
follow suit, but he cannot do it without insisting
that it was all right before, though it was changed
on purpose to prevent its having that particular
effect.
Now, sir, let us look at the fairness of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, for he talks a great deal about
fairness m argument. He says that by the bill as
it came from the House of Representatives, the
slaves of rebels are still left slaves—are not eman-
cipated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. I did not say
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not say it!
' Mr. TRUMBULL. I said it provided only
for freeing the slaves of loyal persons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did you ? Is not that the
same thing? Now, look at the first section of the
House bill: " the Government of the United Stales
will, upon the passage by said State of a good and
valid act of emancipation of all the slaves therein."
Does that provide only for freeing the slaves of
loyal persons? Arc not the slaves of rebels in the
State of Missouri "slaves therein?" We will
come down to as nice a point as was ever made
< before a justice of the peace in a matter of five dol-
lars. I should like to know from the Senator what
is his construction of that language? Does " all
the slaves therein" mean slaves of rebels as well
as slaves of loyal men ? The Senator does not
answer. It seems, then, he cannot answer that
particular point. No, sir; the House bill provides
specifically with reference to that matter, and the
alteration made by the Committeeon the Judiciary
of the Senate was not for that reason evidently,
and does not effect the same purpose, for it is not
so minute. I call the attention of the Senator to
this, not as bearing particularly on the case, but to
show what he insists upon so much in argument,
the necessity of being very fair in your state-
ments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A word in reply to this
last point of the Senator from Maine. The pro-
vision of the House bill is that—
The Governmentof tlie United States will, upon the pas-
•age by said Bfate of a good and valid act of emancipa-
tion of all the slaves therein, to take effect within the pe-
riod hereinafter named, and to he irrepealable unless by the
consent of the United Staton, apply the *um of £10,000,000,
In United Stated bonds, redeemable in thirty joais ironi
their date, and bearing interest, payable semi-annually, at
the rate of five per cent, per annum, for the purpose of
paying to the loyal owners of s uch slaves m said dtatc .i
juatcompensation, &e.
The-object of this bill is to pay the loyal own-
ers of slaves, and it expressly provides that noth-
ing is to be paid to disloyal owners. The difference
between it and the substitute of the Committee
on the Judiciary is, that the substitute provides
for paying for all the slaves in Missouri except
those who have been made or shall become free,
under the confiscation law.
In regard to the other point which the Senator
makes, that if Missouri passes a law, the Presi-
dent, under our proposition, is not to look to see
whether or not it accomplishes the object, let me
read a few hues from the substitute:
That whenever satisfactory evidence shall be presented
W toe President of the United States that the Stat* of Mis-
souri has adopted a law, ordinance, or other provision for
the gradual or immediate emancipation of all the slaves
therein, and the exclusion ofslaveiy foiever thereafter from
said State, it shall be his duty to prepare and deliver, &c.
Now, sir, would that be a law for this purpose
which was no law, but was an unconstitutional
act? Would the President be satisfied with that?
Wkat is it that the President is to be satisfied of?
He is to be satisfied of the passage by the State
of Missouri of a law accomplishing the purpose
of our enactment. It seems to me there need be
no discussion aUWt a provision which is so pal-
pable and plain upon its face.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, a bill came to
us from the House of Representatives in the usual
course of legislation, 'i providing for giving aid to
the State of Missouri for the purpose of securing
the abolishment of slavery in said State," and in
substance proposing to give $10,000,000, in bonds
of the United States, for the purpose of aiding tiic
State of Missouri to become n free State. That
bill was by the Senate referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and is reported back with an
amendment, and Senators express amazement at
the amendment thus reported in lieu of the bill
from the House of Representatives, and perhaps
with great propriety, for individual members of
theSenate, indeed committees of the Senate, some-
times act in a manner to excite amazement. I am
sometimes amazed at my own conduct, perhaps
not nearly as often as X ought to he; and frequently,
perhaps more frequently than I ought to be, I am
amazed at the conduct of others. Hut, sir, we are
concerned in what is to me a most grave matter,
and we should consider it, if we hold in proper
estimation the safety and perpetuity of the coun-
try and its institutions, with jjreat care and delib-
eration.
The question both by the original bill and the
amendment is this: what shall Congress do, if any-
thing, for the purpose of aiding the State uf Mis-
souri in becoming a free State > In other words,
shall we allow the State of Missouri to continue as
she is, a slave State, orshall wedoanythniij, and
if anything, what, to make that State n free State '
In my opinion, Mr. President, no mor« grave
question can be raised in this body. 1 think the
decision of that question affects directly, more
directly the existence and perpetuity of the Gov-
ernment of the United States than an v other ques-
tion before us; I will add than any otherquestion
which in the ordinary course of legislation can be
brought before us. i will not say that the exist-
ence and perpetuity of the Union depend upon the
manner in winch that question may be decided,
but I will say that if it be decided to make this
State a free State, and we actually make it a free
State, we do more to perpetuate the existence of
the Republic than we can (loin any otherone way.
It is more important as it seems to me than the
whole Army appropriation bill, important as that
is. On the other hand, if we leave this State as it is,
a slave State, we leave in the very heart of the Re-
public an enemy more potent for mischief, more
dangerous to the life and peacc of the nation, than
all the armies of the rebels now in the field against
us.
The bill of the House of Representatives, as I
have suggested, proposes to give, on certain con-
ditions, §10,000,000 in aid of the object proposed,
and members rise up and say they have deliber-
ated on the subject, and they are prepared to give
$10,000,000, but they are not prepared to give
more, at all events they will not give §20,000,000.
| Mr. President, are Senators prepared to name the
I sum which they will fix as the price, the highest
j price which they will pay to perpetuate the exist-
ence of the Republic? Is any gentleman prepaied
to name that amount, and say that is the sum total
which he will give to perpetuate our national ex-
istence? I am not. I presume no Senator is. I
presume every Senator is prepared to ve the last
dollar for the preservation of the Union and the
salvation of the Republic. I am no more patriotic
than others, but I am prepared to do that-, and
while I do not say that to abolish slavery in the
State of Missouri and make that a free State will
insure the safety and the salvation of the Repub-
lic, it will in my judgment do so much toward it
that I am not prepared to fix the precise number
of dollars that I will give, and give no more, to ef-
fect that object. I would prefer to give $10,000,000
rather than more,certainly rather than $20,000,000,
but I am prepared to give §20,000,000 if $10,000,000
will not suffice for the object. I am prepared,
Mr. President, to give more than $20,000,000, if
$20,000,000 will notsuffice,for I believe it is worth
much more to us than $20,000,000 if we can effect
it. Ifwecannoteffect it without, I think weshould
go as near exhausting the public resources for
that, as we should for almost any possible object
which could be before us.
The House bill, as I have said, on certain terms
proposes'to give $10,000,000, but [ do not believe
it will effect the object at all. If we make the offer
in the form provided by that bill, I believe it will
amount to nothing. The State of Missouri will
continue as she is, a slave State, and the conse-
quences resulting from that must follow. I am,
therefore, prepared to give more, because I be-
lieve if we give more we can effect the object. I
of course do not know, no Senator on the floor
can know, precisely what sum will be requisite.
I am prepared, however, to give, and 1 would
rather give $10,000,000 more than enough than to
fall one dollar short. I believe $20,000,000 will
effect it, and I do not believe it is more than, as
reasonable men, we ought to propose. The sum
of $20,000,000 is proposed to be offered by the
amendment, and, under the provisions of the
amendment, the whole $20,000,000 will not be ab-
sorbed unless it shall be necessary; but, I repeat
again, | am not disposed to palter about $1,000,000
or $10,000,000 on this question. I would rather
overgo than fall short. To fall short may be fatal.
To give a few millions more than enough is sim-
ply making, in vulgar phrase, a bad bargain, pecu-
niarily considered; but scarcely any amount of
money can make it a bad bargain; to produce so
mighty a result, so beneficial in its consequences
at this time, and through all coming time, carries
us quite beyond all calculations of mere cost; it
is cneap at4*ny price.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, who
has addressed the Senate on this subject, [Mr.
Henderson*,] I think has the confidence of the
body, and the respect of the body, as to his in-
telligence, his integrity, and purity of purpose
on this (juestion. 1 believe that not a man here
doubts that he possesses all these attributes, and
that he is as earnest and as honest in his desire to
make Missouri a free State as any man heie or
elsewhere in this country. It must be admitted
thathe possesses means of information on this sub-
ject which are not enjoyed by most of the mem-
bers here. Indeed J. tlunk I may say, with entire
deference and reaprot to every other member of
the Senate, that considering the peculiar position
which he assumed in hisown State, and the course
which he has there taken, it must be granted that
he has better means of knowledge in regard to the
subject-matter than any man in this body, than
any man belonging to this Congress. I should
"yield to his opinions more readily than to anoth-
er's, believing that those opinions were sound
and just, founded in more accurate knowledge,
and that events would prove them so, than the
opinions of any other man.
Now, sir, this honorable Senator tells us that
in his honest judgment the provisions of the House
bill will not effect the object which we have at
heart. The Legislature is bound to comply with
its terms, and to emancipate all the slaves in the
State of Missouri within one year from the 1st of
January, 1863, in order to avail themselves of the
benefits of the money or the bonds mentioned in
the act. The Legislature will not, in his judg-
ment, pass such an act as will fiee the slaves in
th.-t State and make it a free State on those terms.
We may, it is true, set up our own opinions
against his; we may have what to our minds may
be good reasons for believing that he is mistaken.
Other men from the State of Missouri even, in-
telligent, honest, patriotic men, desirous of free-
ing the State from this blight of slavery, may
think a less amount adequate for the purpose,
and, possibly, it may turn out that they are right
and he wrong. At the worst we pay a few mil-
lions more than would have accomplished the
object. What is that compared with the igno-
minious failure of this mighty enterprise?
There are certain provisions in the constitution
of that State, peculiar in some respects, forbid-
ding the abolition of slavery by the Legislature
without compensation to owners; and our opin-
ion of the value of a slave within that State may
not be the measure which by the State of Mis-
souri may be applied to tbe value of that slave.
