1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
calling them hotel keepers. We of course put a
tax upon them adequate to their business.
Mr. Boutwell decided that their license for tav-
ern keeping did not allow them to furnish then-
own guests with any spirituous or vinous liquors,
and that they should take out a retail license for
that purpose, whereas the retail law provides that
no man who sells liquor as a retailer shall allow
it to be drank on the premises; thus leading to the
absurdity that the guest who bought a glass of
liquor in a hotel should take it out of the house to
drink it. [Laughter.] The Househave twice said
to the Senate that it was not their intention to make
a requirement of that kind, but they have disa-
greed to our provision. We have now again sent
to them a provision that those who pay tavern
licenses shall be allowed to sell everything that
tavern keepers usually sell, including spirituous
liquors, to their guests only. The Senate have
struck that out, leaving the old absurdity still in
force. Now, I would rather the bill would be
lost than to continue such an absurdity. I do not
regard it as very important that the bill should
pass at all, by any *neans.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the Speak-
er signed the same:
An act (S. No. 534) for the relief of Caroline
T. Renshaw;
An act (H. R. No. 591) relating to habeas cor-
pus, and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases;
An act (S. No. 543) to provide for the disposal
of certain lands therein named;
An act (S. No. 540) to authorize the brevetting
of volunteer and other officers in the United States
service;
An act (S. No. 557) to provide for issuing ^n
American register to the steam vessel Maple Leaf;
Joint resolution (S. No. 133) to grant a portion
of Judiciary or Armory square for a home for
destitute news-boys;
An act (S. No. 536) to incorporate the institu-
tion for the education of colored youth in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 562) to facilitate the taking of
depositions within the United States to be used in
the courts of other countries, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 537) to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain purchaserson theSoscoj Ranch,
in the State of California;
An act (S. No. 565) for the removal of the Sis-
seton, Wahpaton, Medawakanton, and Wahpa-
koota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, and for
the disposition of their lawds in Minnesota and
Dakota;
An act (S. No. 435) for tho grant of lands to
the State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of ccrtain railroads and tel-
egraphs in said State;
An act (S. No. 526) to authorize the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Treasurer of the United
States, and to fix the pay of the Treasurer, Assist-
ant Treasurer, clerks, and messengers in the of-
fice of the Treasurer;
Joint resolution (S. No. 129) authorizing the
collection, in coin, of postages due on unpaid mail
matter from foreign countries;
An act (S. No. 564) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property," approved July 22, 1861;
An act (S. No. 548) to provide circuit courts
for the districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes;
- An act (S. No. 483) to establish the gauge of
the Pacific railroad and its branches;
An act (H. R. No. 523) to promote the efficiency
of the corps of engineers and of the ordnance
department, and for~other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 226) to amend " An act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney,their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate disagreed to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 554)
to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and Peru, signed atLima on the 12th
of January, 1863, for the settlement of claims,
asked a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Sumner, Mr. Harris, and Mr.
Hicks as such committee on the part of the Senate.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The question recurred on agreeing to the sixth
and seventh amendments of the Senate, on which
tellers had been appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 48, noes 60.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SEDGWICK called for a separate vote on
the seventeenth amendment, as follows:
Tage 11, at the beginning with litre two hundred and
forty-nine of the punted bill, strike out "on ready-made
clothing, or articles ot dre^s (or men's, women's, or chil-
dren's wear, not including hats, cnp«, oi bonnets, one pei
cent, ad valorem : P>ocidcd, Thatt>o that the paiagraph,
a«5 amended, would lead :
" Tailors, boot and shoemakers, milliners and dress-
makers, making clothing or ai tides of dress for men's, \vo-
mi-n's, or elnldicn*!' we.u. to order, a* cusstom-work, and
not for sale generally, shall, to the amount of .$1,000, be ex-
empt from (iufy, and for any excess beyond the amount of
$1,000 bhull pay a du j of one per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. SEDGWICK. The effect of that, as 1
understand it, is to strike out the tax on ready-
made clothing altogether. The House inserted
a tax of one per cent. The Senate struck that
out. I hope we shall non-concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. The effect of the amendment
of the Senate, as I understand it, is to leave the
tax oo ready-made clothing as under the existing
law at three per cent.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Do I understand that if
we concur m the Senate amendment there will
be a tax of three per cent, on ready-made clothing?
Mr. MORRILL. I so understand it.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I undeistand differently.
I ask for tellers on concurring in the amendment
of the Senate.
Toilets were ordered; and Messrs. Marston
and SedcMvick were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 55.
Mr. SEDGWICK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also fnoved to lay the motion tore-
consider on the table.  
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr," PIKE culled for a separate vote on the
nineteenth amendment, as follows:
At the end of line twenty-eight, of page 10, insert as- fol-
lows : u on all thip«, barges, baiks, schooners, steam-boat*,
(nor including ibe cabmen.) canal boats, and all other ves-
sel^ or watei-eraft, herealtn made or constructed, two per
cent.5'
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on theamend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Kerrigan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-five; a further count not being de-
manded.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING asked for a sep-
arate vote on the twenty-third amendment, as
follows:
Strike out from the word upon,'5 in the fourth line, to
the vvoid *' thereof," in the fifteenth hnc, inclusive, and
in«eit instead thereof, follows:
Secured by pledge or deposit or other disposition of gold
ot silver com ol Uie tJn:i''d cM.Ues, to be perfm med afier i
a period e^eeedui'i thiec daj -. *iiall be in writing 01 punted. |
and signed by the paities or their agents or attorney*. and I
shall have one or more adhesive M'imp-. a«- provided in the j
act to winch tin. i-an amendment, equal in amount to one i
half of one pel cent., ami interest at the rate of six pel cent, j
p,ci annum on the amount *«o loaned, pledged, oi deposited }
And if anv such loan, pledge, oi depuMt. made foru penod .
not exceeding tbie-' d.ij-, shall he lenevveri ot m anv way j
extended iot aiu time whatever, said loan, pledge, or de j
posit MiaH be Miined to the uut\ unpo-ed on loan*, exceed- ;
ingthice day-. And no Joan of'Muiency or money on the :
Feeuiityofpold oi silver com of the Tinted Stale*, na afore- '
said, and no eeilif> ite or other evidence of indebtedness :
p<ijable in gold w silver com ^hall be made e.\eccding in
amount the p.u value of the coin pledged or d< po?ited j
secmity; and any such lean --o made, oi attempted to be |
made, shall be utteily void . Provided, That if gold or silver i
com be loaned at it? pai value, it bhati be uubject on'y to j
the duty imposed on ether loan*. 1
Mr. BIDDLE: I should &k& to know-to; w-4ta$
this expression" six percent. peramjumw refers^
I do not sec any connection- il has with anything
in the clause of the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. It is simply5 on any focm* fto!
which bullion or coin is given as security. *
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will- suggest
that the answer given by the gentleman ifcofff
Massachusetts is probably the best that could be.
made. But his answer, 1 think, is not borne out
by the phraseology of the section. I am inclined
to think that the true answer of the gentlemarf
from Pennsylvania is that the section imposes
penalties Chat amount to a prohibition upon citi-
zens for passing the only constitutionaljpirrencjr
in the realm. That, I think, is the true construction
of the language used.
The amendment was concurred in—ayes 64>
noes 33.
Thirtieth amendment:  
Page 27, strike out all niter <c aforesaid," in line eleven,
down to the word u piovided." in line twenty-one, as fol-
lows : " And wherever duties have been paid upon beer,
lager beer, ale. or porter, contrary to the piovi*.ions herein
contained, ami satisfactory proof shall be Annulled to th«
assessor, ashereinbefoie mentioned, the facts and papers in
relation theieto shall he transmitted to the Commissioner
of Interned Revenue, and if found coricct by him, h« in
hereby authorized, mirier such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury «liall prescribe, to refund and pay to tlw
proper panics the amount of duties thus collected."
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask for a separrftft
vdTe on that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the House will non-
concur m the Senate amendment. The first part of
tltfe clause provides that parties who have not paid
this tax shall be relieved from doing it. This
clause provides that those who have promptly-
paid this tax are to be paid back from the Treas-
ury at their own cost. It is an inconsistency. it
is rewarding the man who refuses to pay his tax
and punishing the man who promptly pays it. It
is a bad precedent. It is unjust. The judgment
of the House has been twice expressed against
the decision of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. It haw been decided that this tax is not
payable on articles manufactured before the 1st
of September. It grew out of the construction of
the bill. It provided that articles manufactured
before the 1st of September and removed from the
premises should not be taxed. Beer is manufac-
tured in the winter season and laid up in vaults.
The Commissioner held that being laid up in
vaults there was a removal from the place of man-
ufacture. Against that decision we have twice
had the judgment of the House. As the section
stands, with the amendment of the Senate, it in-
volves not only inconsistency but injustice to a
class of men who have promptly come forward
and paid their tax. I hope that the Senate amend-
ment \^jII be non-concurred in, in order that the
action of the House at this time may agree with
its former action on this same subject.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in,
A3r. STEVENS. There is some grpat error
in this section. I do not know how it happen^.
When the section passed the House, after the
words " petroleum or rock oil," the words 44 dis-
tilled spirits, cotton and woolen fabrics" were
inserted. They are nowhere to be found in the
bill. I should like to know where the amend-
ment is.
Mr. HOOPER.. My colleague will find these
word? in the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. There are some errors in the
printed bill, and the engrossed bill is the only
thing that correctly shows the action of the House;
Forty-fifth amendment:
Fti.ke out '*$2 500" and insert ^$3,000;" so that tho
taction will provide that the salary ot assessors shall be
,$3,000 annually. Instead of $-2,500.
On a division there were—ayes thirty, noes not
counted.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Shellabar*
orr and Piddle were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
potted—aves 61, noe^ 22. s
Mr. PIKE demanded (he yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Me-«r  Aldiieli Dingham. Jacob B. Blair, Sam-
uel 6. Blair. i'.miintort, Carey, Clements, Frederick A,
Conklmg, Covode, Davis, I)nwet, Delaplaine, Diven,
