1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
4ft-
595
We may think, my honorable friend from Ic^wa,
who sits next mo, [Mr. Grimes,] who resides
near the State of Missouri, may believe, and he
may believe on good evidence to his own mind,
that slaves are not worth $200, perhaps not $100
apiece in that State; but the queation is, will their
value be determined by opinions like- his, how-
ever wise and sound, or will they be determined
by the judicial tribunals of the State of Missouri?
When the constitution of that State says that the
slaves shall not be emancipated by the Legisla-
te e without an equivalent, without compensation,
of course it means a compensation or an equiva-
lent to be ascertained by the authorities, judicial
or otherwise, of the Statu of Missouri. That must
be the staudaid. The constitution of the State
must refer to that standard, and cannot refer to
any outside standards. We must then inquire
what, according; to the measure of value to be
put on these slaves in the State of Missouri, would
b*  the amount which would be required to abolish
slavery therein. Another thing is to be consid-
ered, and that is, that the slaves cannot be set
free and compensation thereafter be paid to the
owners. The compensation, the equivalent, must
be in hand, in order that the requirements of the
constitution shall be complied with; compensa-
tion, in short, must precede or be simultaneous
with emancipation.
Then, sir, in that state of things, how do we
find ourselves? If we would abolish slavery with-
in tin* State of Missouri, either that State or the
United States, or both together, must provide the
means which, according to the constitution of the
Stale of Missouri, shall be an adequate compen-
sation, an equivalent to the owners of slaves, who,
under the law, are to be set free. That is the
problem which is to be worked out, or we ac-
complish nothing.
Now, sir, we may say, and perhaps say with
great piopnety, that the Congress of the United
States ought not to be called upon to pay one dol-
lar; that this is a State affair; that it concerns the
prosperity and happiness of a State; that this is
a domestic institution; and that the State of Mis-
souri ought herself to provide the means by which
to get lid of the institution. I am by no means
prepared to say that this is not so; that it would
not be just and proper for Missouri to do so;
but the question is, does any reasonable man sup-
pose she will do it? The bill assumes,everybody
assumes, that she will not. Some assume that
she cannot. It may not be an assumption, under
the circumstances, to say that she cannot; but all
assume that she will not. There being, then, no
other known mode of adding to what the State
may do, the Congress of the United States is called
upon, if the object is to be accomplished, to fur-
nish the amount which the State will not furnish.
Othei wwe the object is unaccomplished; the State
of Missouri remains as she is, a slave State.
Sir, if any Senator is prepared to say that he
will give $10,000,000, and if the State will go on
with the $10,000,000 and abolish slavery, he will
be glad of it, but if she will not, he will consent
to stand by and see Missouii a slave State for all
time, so far as we know, on him be the respons-
ibility; I am not one of that class. Impoverished
as the Treasury is, impaired as our credit is, loud
as are the calls for all the money we can raise in
~ other quarters, I am still prepared to raise this sum
from $10,000,000 up to $20,000,000, because I be-
lieve the accomplishment of the object is of such
vast importance that it will be worth all it will
then cost.
I say nothing about the faith of Congress or of
the United States in reference to the resolution
which was passed at the last session, regarding
the course which the United States ought to take
in aiding the States to abolish slavery. I passall
that by, simply saying that I must think there
was some obligation upon the Unittd States, so
far as Congress could impose an obligation, to do
something in aid of these objects when they shall
be agitated by the States where slavery exists;
but if there be none, if theie be no public faith
pledged to these several States to aid them to abol-
ish slavery; if this question came up novfl as a
novel, original question, I should still be in favor,
and for reasons weighty and conclusive to my
mind, of making this appropriation; for, sir, I be-
lieve if slavery be abolished in the State of Mis-
souri, the southern rebellion will be more thor-
oughly crushed than we can do it by armies and
navies. Making Missouri a free State puts an
end to all hope of a southern confederacy which
shall have power and strength enough to hold to-
gether one single year.
The State of Missouri I regard as the ground
where the question of this rebellion may almost
with certainty be decided favorably for our coun-
try. If we can make this great State free, millions
of money are not too much in a pecuniary point
of view, if it costs millions. As the honorable
Senator from Missouri has said, we have ex-
pended seventy-five or a hundred millions already
within that State in carrying on this war, and
hundreds and thousands of men have been sacri-
ficed within the State; and when we come to the
loss of human life, of course money sinks into
insignificance, however vast the sum may be. But
putting aside all questions in regard to the waste
of blood, and taking it up as a pecuniary ques-
tion, I say that $20,000,000 to drive the rebels out
of Missouri, and to make u as reasonably certain
as any future event can be that no rebels will ever
seek to invade that State with a view of holding it
as a pai t of rebeldom, is a small sum. Make Mis-
souri a free State, and it is as effectually conquered
from rebeldom as though we had a million men
in line around its borders, with bayonets fixed,
and parks of artillery. They might, though not
easily, be overcome; but make this State a free
State, and you make it unconquerable to the reb-
els; you make the existence of our national Re-
public—a point about which I will not permit
myself to doubt, but in regard to which wise men
entertain fears—a question no more doubtful; you
make it as certain as anything can be that is ter-
restrial. I beg Senators, then, before they say
they will give $10,000,000, and will not give any
more, again to usk themselves, what price do you
set on the existence of the Republic? Are you
prepared to bid off the liberties of your country
at auction, and say $10,000,000 is all you will give?
As I have before stated, I do not say that the con-
tinuance of slavery in the State of Missouri will
prevent our carrying forward our design to crush
out this rebellion; but 1 say it will be a terrible
obstacle in our way so long as that State remains
a slave State; and as soon as the first blow is
effectually struck for freedom m that State, every-
thing which we can desire or hope for in regard
to the future is immediately before us.
As it regards the difference between immediate
emancipation and gradual emancipation, I agree
that immediate emancipation would bo more coin-
cident with my own feelings otdmarily than grad-
ual emancipation. 1 believe it is better to break
off a wrong, to put an end to an evil at once, than
to prolong its existence. But there maybe occa-
sions, and m my opinion this is one of them,
where there may possibly be a doubt as to which
is the best mode, gradual or immediate; and if
there were no doubt, if it were clear that imme-
diate emancipation were the best mode, still if it
be so, and we clearly see that we cannot abolish
slavery in the State immediately, shall we not do
it gradually ? Is it not better to do it, as the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois says, in thirteen years
than to have slavery perpetual ? The amendment
of the Senate committee, it is true, contemplates a
period as long as thirteen years before slavery shall
ultimately find its grave in Missouri; but Senators
mistake the amendment entirely if they suppose
the amendment makes it necessary that slavery
should continue thirteen years. It may, under the
provisions of the amendment, be abolished by the
State immediately, totally; and there are induce-
ments in the amendment held out to the Legisla-
ture to do H at once, promptly. It seemed to the
committee, and 1 apprehend it will seem so to
every man who pauses and deliberates on the
question, that if the Legislature of the State of
Missouri shall find a difficulty m bringing about
the abolition of slavery immediately, and shall be
able to do it within thirteen years, and therefoie
adopt the provisions of that pait of the law, if
this amendment should become a law, it will cer-
tainly be bttter than to have the proposition re-
jected altogether. As i view it, this is a question
between abolishing slavery in the State of Mis-
souri gradually, a step to be taken now which shall
point to the result with such certainty that we may
say that the blow is struck which secures the tri-
umph of freedom, or, so far as we are concerned,
consigning that State to eternal slavery. Unless
it is done now there is an end to all hoge on the
subject, at least for this generation. Shall we,
then, peril the great cause upon this question* of
emancipation one year from the 1st oi January,
the current month ? I should be £lad if it ccaald
be done, should heartily rejoice at it; but if it can-
not be done in one year, with the Senator from
Illinois, I would rejoice to have it done in thir-
teen years rather than that it should not be done
at all.
The ideaof determining under all circumstances
that we will have a thing done, just as we require
it—in the best way, best, because we say it is best—
or that we will not have it done at all, seems tome
unwise, not the part of discreet, discerning men.
I believe that under thi§ amendment slavery will
be abolished in Missouri long before the thirteen
years are out. I believe that after the first step is
taken, all the others will be easy. Although le-
gislation might fix a time longer than one or two
or three years within the thirteen, yet the amend-
ment is so guarded that the time can be altered here-
after and shortened. 1 think that there can be
no doubt that they would do it, because they
would secure the whole amount of the compen-
sation immediately on its being done, and the
great difficulty in all these great enterprises ia to
take the first step. That being taken, all is easy.
Senators here insist that there shall be but one
step, and that from slavery to immediate total abo-
lition. I agree it would bo well; but if we cannot
have that one step taken at once, why not take a
step which will as certainly secure abolition as
though it were nil done at once, giving simply a
short period within which to do it? Is it wise to
insist on this precise point of time when by so
doing we peril the whole enterprise?
Senators also intimate a doubt in regard to the
continuance of freedom within the State if slavery
shall be abolished; a doubt whether the require-
ments of the amendment guard sufficiently the
power of the Legislature again to establish sla-
very after it shall have been once abolished. Mr.
President, so far as language can guard it, it is
guarded by the amendment. 1 agree that no bond
is taken from the State of Missouri, and none is
required by the amendment, that she will not here-
after establish slavery. It would be unusual, un-
wise, improper, in my opinion, to undertake to
impose other or more rigid conditions than are
imposed by the amendment; and 1, for one, am
disposed to rely on this great fact, which the State
of Missouri will discover when she once has en-
joyed the blessings of freedom over her soil, that
it is more profitable than slavery, and therefore
there will be no danger of her going back to sla-
very. States, communities, individuals, other
things being equal and sometimes other things
being unequal, follow what is for their interest.
Freedom, free soil in Missouri, is more profitable,
and will be demonstrated to be more profitable as
soon as they have enjoyed it, than slavery. There
will, then, be no danger. I would ask no bond,
no security against their going back to slavery;
because I would usk no bond of any State that she
would follow the path of glory and prosperity
when open before her. Sir, theie is no danger of
her going back. As well go back to any other
barbarism. Every step will be forward. To me
it looks as though we had a little distrust of the
blessing of freedom, if we ask States that are about
to enjoy it to give bond that they will notabolish
freedom and reinstitute slavery, i have no doubt
on the subject; I have no distrust; no fear. I have
confidence in the power of freedom that, when
once enjoyed, it will vindicate itself, and work its
own way onward to higher and nobler triumphs.
I do not know, Mr. President, that I shall be
able to say anything which win affect the minds
of Senators at all on this question. They may
view it, and probably will view it, very differently
from what I do, and may regard even the ques-
tion of liberty or slavery in Missouri as a matter
unimportant. 1 know not but that they do. Or,
if they regard it important, they may think it is
not incumbent on us to take steps for the extinc-
tion of slavery. I, forone, believing it impoitant,
and believing it intimately connected with the per-
petuity, I may say the salvation of the Republic,
am prepared to go this length,and greater lengths,
to aid the State to abolish this institution. I trust
that Senators, on reconsideration, on full deliber-
ation upon this question, will come to the same
result. I can assure Senators that the more they
think tff it, at least if their experience is at all like
