1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessendcn,
JThomas A. D. Fesscnden, Flander?, Frank, Gooeh, Good-
win, Granger. GurJey, Iiaiin, Haigtit, Hooper, Julian, Kei-
Jey, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerrigan, Leh-
man, Loom is, Low, Mclndoe, McKmght, McPherson,
Marston, Mitchell, Mooihead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon,
Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Alexander H.Rice, Sargent,
Sedgwick, Segnr, Sheffield, Sherman, Shiel, SpauJding,
Stevens, Francis Thomas, Veriee. Wall, Ward, Albert b.
White, Wood, Worcester, and Yeaman—64.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, All^y, Ancona, Arnold,
Babbitt, Baily, linker, Baxter, Ueainan, Biddlo, Blake,
William G. Brown, Calvert, Chamberlain, Cobb, Colfax,
Roscoe Conkling, Conway, Crittenden, Cutler, Delano,
English,Franchot, Gilder, Ilale, Hall, Harding, Harrison,
Holman, McKean, Malloiy, Maynaid, Menzies, Anson P.
Morrill, Mortis, Noble, Not ton, Nugen, John S.Phelps,
Pike, Pomgroy, Porter, John IJ. Rice, Edward II. Rollins,
Shanks, mehabarger, Sloan, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Benjamin F. Thomas Tiain, Trimble, Vallandigham, Van
Vnlkenburgh, Van Wyek, Wadsworth, Walker, Wallace,
Washburne, Wheeler, Whaley, Wickliffe, Windom, and
Woodruff—65.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
During the vote,
Mr. ALLEN, ofOhio,stated that his colleague,
Mr. Cox, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Fifty-first amendment:
Strike out the words " except in cities so that the sec-
tion will then read:
That no auctioneer shall be authorized, by virtue of his
license as such auctioneer, to sell any goods or other piop-
ertyin any other distuct than that in which the license shall
have been granted.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House non-
concur in that amendment of the Senate; it will
do great injustice in the cities of New York, Phil-
adelphia, Boston, Baltimore, and the other large
cities of the United States. In those cities theie
are niany collection districts. There are eight col-
lection districts in the city of New York. Auc-
tioneers pay a State license for selling within the
city; and if this amendment pusses restricting1
them to the district in which they have their es-
tablishment, it will work manifest injustice. I
have a paper from the leading auctioneers of New
York city in which they remonstrate against such
a tax. Tlicy claim that if it bo enacted into a law
it will amount almost to a prohibition. In con-
sideration of all the tacts in the case, looking to
the manifest injustice of the amendment to auc-
tioneers in large cities, I hope that it will be non-
concurred in.
Mr. LEHMAN. I will state that the same
reasons set forth by the gentleman from Now
York in reference-to his city,apply with equal if
not greater force to the city of Philadelphia. In
Philadelphia we have five congressional districts,
which would make five collection distucts. The
auctioneers are neaily all congregated in one dis-
trict, while their business is not confined Jo any
locality. They arc compelled to go out and fulfill
ordt'iw in all parts of the city. Nov/, to compel
them to take out a separate licence for every dis-
trict, in oider to carry nn their business in the
ordinaly way ns heretofore, would be oppressive,
apd in no way in consonance with the spirit in
which this internal tax law was enacted. 1 there-
fore sincerely trust, with the gentleman from New
York, that the amendment of the Senate will be
non-concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
M r. STEVENS moved that there be a commit-
tee ofconfoience on the disugteemg votes between
the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Stevrns, Morrill of Ver-
mont, and Hooper, managers of said conference
on the part of the House.
CONVENTION WITH PEItU.
Mr. SHEFFIELD moved to take up Senate
bill No. 554, 4*to carry into tfiect the convention
between the United States and the republic of
Peru, signed at Lima, on the 12th of January,
1863, for the settlement of claims."
Objection was made.
LEVY COURT OF WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER. The nyxt business in order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 532, to de-
fine the powers of the levy court of Washington,
District of Columbia, in regaid to roads, and for
other purposes; which was postponed from yes-
terday to this time.
M r. DELANO demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was read three times, and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILKOAD.
Mr. STEVENS. I made a promise which I
desire now to fulfill. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 439, to
amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean."
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall now be compelled to
move that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to take up the miscella-
neous appropriation bill.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me to make a report.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that^urpose.
SALE OX TOWN SITES.
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on Public Lands, with an amendment,Senate bill
No. 355, for increasing the revenue by the reser-
vation and sale of town sites on public lands.
Mr. NOBLE. I object.
Mr. TRIMBLE. i move to suspend the rules.
Mr. NOBLE. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was received, and the amendment of
the committee wasagreed to. Thebillasamended
was ordered to a thud reading; and was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACTING ASSISTANT SURGEONS.
Mr. McPHERSON, from the Committee on
Militaiy Aflints, reported back House bill No.
753. for the reliefofcertain persons who have per-
formed the duties of assistant surgeons; on which
he demanded the previous question.
The ptevious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time*and passed.
Mr. AiePriERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
tuble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. VALLANDIGJIAM. I object.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on tlie state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Wholoon the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
Bunvn in the chair.)
The following cl.iuse was read:
for payment of airearaces to Capitol police, due under
act of July 20, 1831, $9,500.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out that
clause, and 1 beg the attention of the House while
I state the ground upon which I make the mo-
tion. I have befoie me the act which is referred
to m this clause, and which is supposed to give
an increased compensation of twenty per cent,
to the Capitol police. It provides, among other
thing?, that—
" An addition of twenty per cent, is hereby added to the
pay now authorized bylaw to each of the messenger.*,
packeip, laborers, and watchmen of the diffeient Executive
Dcpaitrm nts rf the Government at Washington" * *
* * u two additional watchmen, end the police at the
Capitol."
Section four reads as follows:
"That the increased eonipen&ation provided for in this
act t-liali commence fiom the J t day ot July, 1«53, and the
nccefr&aiy money to cony this act into effect is hereby ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated : Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed as making an appropriation fot am pe-
riod beyond th* 30th of Jmn-, JbV 7J
I now call attention to the act establishing the
Capitol police, prescribing their number and fix-
ing their pay. It is the act of 182d, prescribing
the duties of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, and, among other things, says he shall pro-
vide—
" Forthe care, preservation, orderly keeping, and police
of those portions of the Capitol and us appurtenances which
are in the exclusive u«se and occupation of enhcr House of
Congress, respectively; and that it shall also be his duty to
obey such rules and regulat.ons as may !rom time to time
be presciibed by the Piesident of the United States for the
cure, preservation, oideriy keeping, and police of other pub-
lic buildings and public propeity in the city of Washing-
ton; and the Commissioner and his assistants are hereby
authorized and empovveied to use all necessary and proper
means foi the discharge of the aforesaid duties, and tho
necessaiy assistants of tiie Commissioner skaU receive a
reasonable compensation for their services, to be allowed by
the P} osidiug Officers of the two Houses of Congi ess; one
moiety of the said sums to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, and tfie other moiety of the same To be
paid out of the contingent fund of the House of Represent-
atives."
At that time I think the number of Capitol po-
lice did not exceed in all five, and perhaps it was
less than that. This matter feas been referred to
the Clerk of the House, the officer who pays these
officers, and he responds in a letter, dated Jan-
uary 8, 1862, with respect to the present number
of the Capitol police, the time of their appoint-
ment, and the manner in which their pay wn9
fixed. I ask that the letter be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of the House op Representatives,
Washington, January 8, 1830
Sir: In reply to yours, referring to tins office the mo
mortal of the Capitol police, which i* herewith returned,
asking for an incieaseof compensation. [ beg leave to statu
that the police of the Capitol ha^been increased fiom tun©
to time as follows, namely : Febiuary 28, 18o0, mi iea.-.ed
from eight to fourteen in number; October l,l£fil, in-
creased ironi fourteen to nineteen in number; December
1, 1861, increased from nineteen to twenty in number; and
their pay was ieduced from the 1st day of July. 1859, from
$1,3-30 to $1,100 pei annum by the Pre.-idin^ Officeis of tho
two Houses of Congress, under the act of 2d May, 1838,
(Statutes at Large, vol. 4, p. 230.) which is the authority
whereby the number and pay of the Capitol police is regu-
lated. The sum called for is about nine thousand five hun-
dred dollar?, to supply the deficiency for the present fiscal
year, if the piayer of petitioners is granted.
Very respecttulty,
EMERSON ETHERIDGE, Cle~k
Hon. T. Stevens, Chairman, <$c.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be seen that the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses fixed the pay of
this Capitol police at $1,100 a year on the 1st of
July, 1859, as ihey had power to do under the act
of 1828.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendment for the purpose of making a few re-
marks. If I have correctly apprehended the gen-
tleman fiom Tennessee, it appears that originally
there were five membeisof this Capitol police, who
received a compensation of $1,100 a year, making
an aggregate of $5,500. It fuither appears that
at present there aie twenty of these officers, who
receive the same compensation, making $22,000 a
year. Now, they claim at the hands of this Con-
gress a compensation of $l,320a year, which will
swell the aggregate to $26,400 a year.
Now, 1 ask gentlemen whether in their judg-
ment these employes ought to be compensated
at this rale ? In my opinion the number is at least
twice as great as theie is any necessity for, and
the compensation alieady twice as laige. It is
within my knowledge that the compensation of
the municipal policemen of this city is forty dol-
lars a month, or $480 a year, for day and night
service. { ask gentlemen to contrast thf services
performed by the policemen of the city of Wash-
ington with the services rendered by the police-
men of this Capitol. In the first place, the city
policemen perform out-door duty on each and
every day of the year. "We know dming what
portion of the year Congress sits in tins Capitol,
and we know how many hours of the day the offi-
cers are in attendance. I am at a loss to conceive
how the Committee of Ways and Means could
make up their minds to put this appropriation
before this House in this shape, " for the pay-
ment of arreaiages to Capitol police, due under
act of July 20,1854, $9,500." i insist that theie
are no anearages; I will not go further and say
it is a false pretense to call it an arrearage, ft
seems that the compensation was fixed by the act
of 1828, and that that act placed it within the
power of the Speaker of this House and the Pres-
ident of the Senate to fix the compensation; which
