1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
immediately, of my own State to have Missouri
made free. 1 do not believe that it is immediately
for the benefit of Illinois or Iowa. Remotely,
ultimately,as it will be for the benefitof the whole
country, it will be for the benefit of Kansas and
the adjoining States. But, while Missouri is a
slave State, these fields that surround her are more
inviting to emigrants, not because they are richer,
not because they have a better climate or a better
soil, but because there is an aversion to emigra-
ting to a slave State, not only amon? the citizens
of our own country, but among the thousands that
come to us from abroad. Therefore, 1 say I do
not think it is immediately for the benefit, of mv
own State that Missouri should be made iree. I
believe it is remotely.
But let that be as it may, I am for rii** freedom
of Missouri, as I am for the freedom of all the
States and of ail mankind. I do n« t think, how-
ever, that we should appropriate $2!),000,000 tor
the purpose of emancipation, and then defer it lor
a score of years. I will not object to the appro-
priation of $20,000,000 to accomplish the obje< t
in my lifotim<*t>r immediately; but I am not pre-
pared toappropi iate that amount and putolFenvm-
cipation for posterity to see the benefitof tr Not
expecting to live always, I want to" sec Missouri
made free in my lifetime: and if I vote $20,000,000
for that purpose, I want it done a<;coidin<c to the
first provisions of this bill, at least by ldGo, two
years. , j
I have another reason for wanting it done now: \
and I suppose this is (he most foolish teason of j
any. When these people hud mi* in prison, I |
recollect that m a speech I made to them 1 pre- ;
dieted that Missouii would be free in ten years. :
Eisrht years of that time have already passed away, j
and it must be free within two years, orelse those i
people will certainly ngaid me as a false juaphet.
[Laughter 1 1 have always predicted that Mis-
souti would be free in 1805, and f o^nn-'t eome
into the S mate now and plead on extension ot tnat
time to 1876, or any other remote period.
Mr. Pi esident, if I could amend the bill without
embarrassing it, or without endangering its pas-
sa°H3, 1 certainly should amend it in some partic-
ulars. I do not think that our efforts in tins
regard should be to pay the Rlnvholders of Mis-
souri entirely. Since the Died Scott decision ot
the Supreme' Court, we have been le-islating as
though the .slave himself had no nghisthat while
men weie bound to respect; we have bem legis-
lating as though we should turn out upon the com-
muoity toe old as well as the youm;, and make
no provision forthem. Why, sir, we make pro-
vision foi the Indians. In every treaty we have
lately made, we use language by which \v" \m-
deitake to provide for their settlement nrub i fa-
vorable circumstances in their new situation; that
is, when they become citizens, and set up lor
themselves. Wo appropriate money, and we pro-
vide that annuities shall be paid them, or that they
shall have larming utensils, or th.U something
shall be done for them.
Now, Mr. President, I submit to the members
of the Senate whether there should not be some
provision m^le for the slaves. I submit win ther
your sympathies should all be extended to pay-
ing $20",000,000 to the nniisfeis who have had the
unpaid laOoi of the slaves for a set-es ot y. ats
and no provision at all should be made for the
settlement and support of the siav- s, either in
the [dace where they have always served, ot in a
new home that thev may choose foi themselves.
Eight thousand of these slaves hay. come over
into my State; so they tell me. liiey are very
poor, of course. They are like the man in the
Bible that fell among thieves; lln-y have been
stripped of everything, and have ^«>t up into my
State. 1 ties lie to ask if no provision can be
made for their suppoi t and settlement, as we have
done for the Indians' These people may d(sire,
also, to s-'ttle m other States; or they may desire
to no beyond the reach of the United States alto-
gether. I think sf 1 were a slave, and had been
held in this condition until I reached my man-
heod, I would se< k a home outside of the United
States entirely. I believe a provision should be
made in this bill for the blave hnn.seU, and not
have it entnely one-sided, and ail the money go
to the masters. 1 would desire, if I could amend
this bill according to my ideas of propiiety, to
have seventy-five per cent, of this appropriation
reserved in the Treasury of the United State# to
meet any exigency that might arise in the future,
to provide homes for these persons, or have it
divided among them; for I submit now, as I did
when theques'tion ofabohshing slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was under consideration, that
these people who are turned outshould have, some
part of this appropriation divided among them.
But, as I said, I do not want to embarrass this
bill; I am going to vote for it. I said to the peo-
ple of Missouri,during the last canvass when we
elected this emancipation Legislature, that 1 was
reaily and willing to meet them and vote reason-
able apnropnations to help them out from slavery
to freedom. Now, the State of Missouii is em-
barrassed in this way: by a provision of hei con-
stitution she cannot run in debt over $30,000,000;^ ,
bhe eannwt issue her bonds beyond the amountof j
$30,000,000. She has, m loaning bet credit to rail- |
roi.d compnuies, gone up to the full amount of j
$30,000,000. She cannot go beyond that, if the j
Slate of Mi&souri agrees to emancipate and pay a ;
certain sum per head, she has not the means her- :
gt |f—if your appropriation is not sufficient—to I
make up the balance by issuing her own bonds, ;
unless she sells out her railroads. When ihe State
of Missouri lent her credit to the uuiroad com-
panies, she reserved the right, if they did not pay
the inteiefit, to sell them out. They have not paid
the interest; and the State of Missouri may sell
hej ivuh oads, and in that way she may get money
f nough, if she does not get enough in this bill, to
pav for ail the slaves she emancipates.
But, Mr. President, I will not argue that point
here. I am willing to pass this bill, not because
I think it in going to benefit my own State, foi I do
iml: but I am willing to do it because 1 voted for
the lesolution that was introduced looking toward
ibis verv n suit. I assisted in electing theeman-
cipalion"Legislature of Missouri, and I am willing
; now in good faith to come up and pay out to that
j State everything we have encouraged them to be-
lieve we would do tor them; but 1 want it done
now. I want this blow stiuck this year by the
presep! L'-iri^latnre. i do not want lotiusi the
next Legislature. 1 want it to be done in my hfe-
tin;e. In my opinion, if it is to be put oil lor
thirteen ot twenty yeais it should not command
the appropriation of a single dollar.^ Before that
time will exptie Aiissouii will be bee by an in-
evitable law, and you need not appropriate a cent.
The on!v n.asoi'i why we should appropriate,
money is to free Missouri now, and let us have
the benefit of it in its rcilex influence on this tebel-
lion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move to
print the amendment which I sent to the Chair
some time since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thft order will be
made, if (here be no objection.
Mr CROWNING. I should like to have the
amendment offered by the honorubleSenator from
Missouri printed also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made, if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjoinn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 29, 1863.
The House met at. twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. The Journal is volumin-
ous, and I move by unanimous consent that its
reading be dispensed with.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
LKAV15 OF ABSENCE OF A ME MB UK.
Mr. YEAMAN. My colleague, Mr. Dvnlap,
has gone home on account of the dangerous ill-
ness of Ins wife, and I move that lie be granted
leave of absence.
it was so ordered.
POTTAW ATOM IK INDIANS.
Mr. EDWARDS, ftom the Committee on In-
ditm Aftai'B, iq>oiti'd a joint resolulion lelatiie
to the amounts due to the Pottawatomie nation ot
Indians by treaty stipulation; which was read a
first and second tunc, oidered to be printed, and
recommitted.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled fS An
act to incorporate the Washington and Georg.-
town Railroad Company;" which was road afirist
and second time, and referred to the Comantfea
for the District of Columbia. - '
VttLIAM CAKROLL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill for the relief of William Car-
roll; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the. Committee on Military Affans.
AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture bediieefMl
to iii<i mc into the e\p"diency of collecting the agut ultural
stati-ne< ol the eonutiy by the a-pt^-oia of the internal
revenue, under tho direction ot the Department ot*
culune.
KATB R. GAITIIKIl AND OTIIKUS.
Mr. CULVERT, by unanimous consent, nt the
request of (he commissioners of emancipation for
the Distnet of Columbia, introduced a joint reso-
lution for ihe relief of Kate R. Grutherand othms;
which was lead a frrst and second time, and ie~
feired to the Committee for the Distiict of Co-
lumbia.
INTERNATIONAL AGRICULTURAL CONTENTION.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent, m-
! trod need the following resolution; which was read,
I consideied, and agreed to:
I JicsoU-ciK That the Committee on Agriculture be, and It
! iier< b\, ni-li uend in iiKfiiiK into the« xpedioncy ot fOnd-
| ma -i iepi''-.eni.iuve hum ilu-: country to 11io Intornational
S A"rieuhiual Convention to be held .it Hamburg, m G i-
' niTinv, in Julv n >\t, wtih the view, rlimusii tin* tepie-
sent.itivV, ofctfeetin" a-Wein ot internal tonsil exchange
of >eedb and other a<*iieuHuial product-, and ot such pub-
lication-. a-. contain the ic-ults ol experiments hi impiove-
ineiit^ in agriculture geneiaUj ; with leave to report by bill
or otb'M wi^c.
J. C. G. KKNNKDY.
Mi. WILSON, by unanimous consent, made a
leport in the ease of .1. C. G. Kennedy; which
was laid upon the table, and, with theaccompany-
iug papers, ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION OK DUTIES, ETC.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
mtiodueed a bill to repeal the fi(\h section of an
act approved May &), 16G2, entitled "An   ct sup-
plementary to an nctapproved 13>b July, 1861, to
provide for the collection of duties on imports, and
for other purposes;" which was read a first and
pocond time, and referred to the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
RECEIPTS BV COLLECTOR OF NEW YORK, "ETC.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
inttoduced the foliowin^ resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
lic-oh e<>, Thnt the Secretntv of the Twa^ury be directed
to infonn ihi«< finite the amount of money which ha* ben
received by tlie collector, son veyot, and naval officer ini tlic
city ot New Yotk, uiulet the tilth section o^tho act ot ..lay
^i) -upplenu ti'uuy to the act ot* July 13, 1861, to |n<>-
vn'l" lor'thc collection ot duties on unpoit-, and lot otner
pUipOhCfi.
II. E. RANSOM.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I ask tho unani-
mous consent to i ntroduce t he folio wing resolution;
Whereas, it i« repiesjcnted to Uu^ House that a ma a by
tile name ol II. E - t> lumlninM'lt captain ami u-'-
fc.i-.tant on irtcrnia-ter of tin-United States, did, on or ab >ut
the 1-lth ot Auifinf, ]S52. purcha-e ot run: Joseph Mtbei
ninety-mx is<ir.->es at tiie price ol .5123 each, and v\ ho -nice
declines to pav foi the >ame ; and the Quiu terma-tci Gen-
era! al-o declines to p.ty <01 the s-ntne, on the ground tnat
said Kanfcom \va-< not authoi izivl to puieha-e as atore asd.
lie it therefore resohed, 'i'h.tt the Ciuu tei master Genes a I
be reque-tcd to inioini tln.> liou-e whcslwr, at the date of
the t-aid puieba-e, the t>aid Ran-om was an a&-i>tautqiKU-
tertna-t<'i ; if be .icco'oued to t!e- (Jinted States tor -.aid
hoiv-e- or anv p irt ol them ; and if In*, :it this time, hold-
ing anv olhcc of honor, trust, or piotit in the quarteriuaa-
ter5> depaitment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
POST OFFICE T,AWS.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the fallowing rusnliuinn; which was mid,
oontsidcivd, and, under the rules, referred to tile
Committee 011 Pi tilting:
iiciohal That five bundled copies ol' the rrvisinn of tiie
Po^t i jfticc'!;tw~, jirepareit hv 'lie Po^t Office Department,
be printed for the Use of the limine, .lull one hundred ler
the use of the Post Office Department,
