1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March &
Mr. STEVEN'S. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To supply dcficicncies in tlie appropriations for rent, fit-
ting up, and furnishing of the rooms temporarily provided
for the u<sc of the Quartermaster General's depaitment, in-
cluding stationeiy and miscellaneous items, for the current
fiscal year, $6,684.
To pay Ward R. Burnett, late surveyor general of Kan-
sas aud Nebraska, the sum of $709 34: Provided, That no
part of this sum shall be paid except, on settlement of the
Account of said surveyor general, the Secretary of the In-
terior shall find it to be correct and just, and then only su<'h
part a* he may allow.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For deficiencies of appropriation In the Navy Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1853, as follows:
For increase and repairs of the Navy :
Completion of side wheel steamers, hulls, equipment,
and machinery, $2,800,000.
For completion of screw steamers, hulls, equipments,
and machinery, $1,500,000.
Purchase of large steamers, $2,600,000.
Purchase of small steamers and tug-boats, .$750,000.
Repairs of bteam machinery, $1,950,000.
For the Mississippi squadron; .
Building,repairs, equipments,and machinery,$3,800,000.
Increase on the cost of materials, $580,000.
Completion of armor-clad vessel**, $-1,300,000.
For contingent fund of the Bui can ot Yards and Docks
for 1862-63, $300,000.
For eniaiging the hospital and maiine barracks at Wash-
ington, and constructing a bower to the Eastern Ihtmch,
$9,050.
For instituting and conducting experiments for testing
various modes of making steam expansive, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.SEDGWICK. I offerthefollowingamend-
ment:
For the establishment of a navy yard ami constructing
depot at league Island, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania ; and
aUo for the establishment of a navy-yaid and naval depot
at New London, Connecticut, $500,000 ; the same to be ex-
pended equally at said places, undei the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I make the point of
order that the amendment proposes new legisla-
tion, and is therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of Older.
Mr. COLFAX. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted, That the surgeons and citizens
at large who me, with the provost marshals, to form the
enrolling board of each eongiessioual du-trief, shall icceive
the compensation of an assistant surgeon of the Army, ex-
cluding compensation for I'm I and (juiutcr**, for the time
actually employed ; and that the same may be paid by the
•Secretary ol War out ot appropriations already made loi
the service of that Depaitment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 want to know
how much that will be.
Mi. COLFAX, the re was an omission in the
conscription law, a failure to provide compensa-
tion for the members of the enrolling board asso-
ciated with the pi ovosi, marshal. This amendment
supplies the omission. The pay of an assistant
surgeon of fho Army, exclusive of allowance for
fuel and quarters, is $113 a month.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agieed to.
Mr. HALL. I oiler the following amendment:
For the payment of the enrolled militia of the Stat© of
Missouri who have been encaged in active Km vice in the
suppression of the lebeJIion in that State, .$1,500,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the amendment, will
not be adopted. I am afraid that we will so load
down this bill that it can never pass.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT. ! nftVr the following amend-
ment, as an additional section:
And be it further cnactcd, That the Pi csident cau«e to bo
struck horn the dies recently prepaied at the United States
Mint lor that purpose, modal"? of houoi additional to those
authorised b\ the act of Jul v 12, J8G2, and pie^ent the h.une
to such non commissioned office and private#. Who have
mo t distinguished themselves or may heieatfer most dis-
tinguish themselves m action ; aho,to every non-commis-
sioned officer or private vv ho. nt the <-\puat ion of the peiiod
for which he enlisted and volunteered, shall ag.im enlist
and volunteer in the militau «ei vice; and the sunfof£20,000
is hereby appiopiialed out of anv money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropiiated, to defray the expenses or" cui-
rying the foregoing into effect.
I wift state for the information of the commit-
tee that at the last session Congress made an ap-
propriation for the procuring of dies to strike
bronze medals to be presented to soldiers and non-
commissioned officers who had distinguished or
might distinguish themselves. These" dies were
struck at the United States Mint, and medals were
cast from them costing only two dollars apiece.
This amendment is foi the^purpose of procuring
more of them, the dies being already on hand.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to inquire of my col-
league whether the^ct of last session limited the
number of medals to be struck, or whether the
President was authorized to order whatever num-
ber might be required ?
Mr. WRIGHT. My impression is that two
thousand of them have been struck.
Mr. STEVENS. But what I want to know is
whether the number was limited, or whether the
law allows the President to go on and order what
number is required?
Mr. WRIGHT. The law does not give him
that authority, and that is the reason why the
amendment is offered. I think it very appropriate.
Mr. BIDDLE. I do not see why my friend
should restrict his proposition to soldiers and non-
commissioned officers, and should not extend it
also, as a mark of distinction, to officers who have
distinguished themselves in the field.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now, let me answer my col-
league, right there. The medals struck from dies
that were made under the act of the^ast session
of Congress cost only two dollars, and I suppose
officers of the Army would hardly consider the
presentation of such a medal as a, compliment.
Mr. BIDDLE. I hope there is no officer, com-
missioned or non-commissioned, or soldier of the
Army, who values the reception of such a dis-
tinction by the mere worth in dollars and cents of
the token. I care not if they were worth but three
cent?, they would be just as valuable. And I
would not make this discrimination between the
officers and the soldiers. If it shall suit the incli-
nation of my colleague to accept the amendment.
I think the provision would be much more per-
fect by inserting the word "officers" before "non-
commissioned officers and privates."
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 will not object to such an
amendment if my colleague will oiler it.
Mr. DIDDLE. I submit the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANKS. If we arc going to give these
medals to persons in the Army for gallant con-
duct, I think we might as well give them also to
the wives and children of those who fall in battle.
Seems to mo the fact of (heir thus losing their lives
is a sufficient proof of their gallantry.
Mr. BIDDLE. I move to strike out that por-
tion of the amendment which gives this medal to
those who reenlist at the expiration of their term
of service. Itsecms to me that to make a common
reward tor gallant and meritorious seivice or for
the more matter of reenhstment, involves ideas too
incongruous to he linked together m that way. I
hope the amendment will be adopted,and thatmy
colleague will see the propriety of not placing men
who have distinguished themselves in battle in the
same class with men who merely reenhst at the
end of their service.
Mr. WIUGHT. The design is on my part to
reward these men for reenlistment. I think the
man who, at the end of his term of service, reen-
lists, evinces conduct sufficiently meritorious to be
rewarded in this way. Now, sir, 1 submit this
amendment as it is; and if gentlemen of the com-
mittee arc disposed to vote down a proposition of
this kind appropnatin*; only $20,000, let them do
it. 1 shall have no complaint to make. I think it
is wise and proper, inasmuch as we have the dies
already on hand to strike oil* these medals to be
uistiibuted for this purpose. I think there should
be no hesitation m the adoption of a proposition
of this kind.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I rise to oppose the
amendment. 1 understand it to be urged by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania on the ground that
it is a small matter. The object of it is, as I un-
derstand, to present medals of honor to officers,
non-commissioncd officers and privates, who have
exhibit* d distinguished merit in the field, who are
now in service, and upon all meritorious officers,
non-commissioned officers, and privates who are
discharged from the service.
Mr. WRIGHT. No, sir.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. What, then ?
Mr. WRiGHT. To those who reenlist after
their time hasrexpircd.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Well, sir, i rise to a
question of order that the amendment is new legis-
lation, and therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
comes entirely too late, after the amendment has1
been discussed and amended:
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding, as follows:
Provided, That in filling vacancies that' may occur in the
various Departments of the Government, or in the appoint-
ment ot clerk?, provided for by the sevvial acts passed dur-
ing the present Congress, preierenee shall be given to offi-
ces and soldiers who have been rendered unfit foi military
service by reason of wounds received in battle, or other
physical disability incurred in the line of duty.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to aquqstion of order.
Thatamendmcnt involvesindependentlegislation,
and is, therefore, not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I should like to
move to amend by including, also, all who do not
reenlist; because there are men who have done mer-
itorious service and have been discharged from
the service in consequence of wounds and disease
who cannot reenlist, and yet who are more de-
serving of such a distinction than those who re-
enlist. I think certainly my amendment ought
to prevail if this proposit.on is to be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BIDDLE. I think there was some mis-
apprehension in taking the vote on my amend-
ment to strike out that portion which provides
for those who reenlist. Gentlemen around me say
they did not understand the question was bcingf
taken upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the vote will be again taken on the gentleman's
amendment.
The question was again stated on Mr. Biddle's
amendment to the amendment, and twenty-four
membeis voted in the affirmative.
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers.
Tellers vveie ordered ; and Messrs. Ashley and
Crisfield were appointed.
Mr. WRIGHT. To avoid any misapprehen-*
sion and to save time, I have no objection to the
latter clause of my amendment being stricken out,
though I think it le the best part of it. I will there-
fore modify my amendment by accepting that of
my colleague, [Mr. Riddle.]
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. YEAMAN. I havean amendment which
I desire to submit to the fiist section.
The CHAIRMAN. The first section has been
passed, and cannot be returned to except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. YEAMAN. I then submit the following
as an independent section:
Src. —. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Tieasuiy be, and he is heteby, directed to pay to the
Governor of the State of Minnesota, or to ins duly author-
ized agent, the cost4*, expenses, and charges pioperly in-
curred by said State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, sup-
plying, arming,eq nipping, paying,and uanspoituig its troop9
employed in suppressing Indian distmbanees and actual
hostilities"tvithin said State since the loth day of August,
1862, to be settled and paid upon proper voucher' to be filed
and pa.-sed upon by the pioper accounting officers o( tho
Treasmy ; and the sum ot $250,000, or so much theieofa*
may be necessary for that puipose, is heieby appiopriated,
out o( any money in the Trcasiny not otherwise approprl
ated . Piovidcd, That thepayand allowances to the officer*
and mil ilia of said State shall not exceed the pay and allow
ances now made by law to volunteers and oiheers in the
service of the United States, and payment sh.ill only be
made on satisfactory pioof of the tunc encaged in aetua
service m the field in the manner claimed : Jind proudca
further, That no compensation shall be made for the ser-
vices oi any poison in moie than one capacity for the siune
tune; and all payments ui puisuancc of this act shall be
received in full satisfaction and chschaige of the claims upon
whichthej aie made: Jlndprovulcdfurther, That all claims
foi hoises oi other pioperly lost or destroyed in said ser-
vice shall bo settled according to an act appioved the 3d of
March, lfc'49, piovuhng fur the pav ment for horses or other
property lost or destroyed in the military service of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. It is with great,
reluctance that I make the point of order that that
is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is in-
sisted on, the Chair will be compelled to rule the
amendment out of order.
Mr. YEAMAN. Will the Chair allow me to
suggest that on the question of order being raised
on a similar amendment the Chair overruled the
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. To which amendment
does the gentleman refer?
