THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. IUVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1863.
New Series No. 97.
Mr. YEAMAN. To the amendment making:
an appropriation to cover the expenses of similar
operations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana.
I believe this is precisely a similar case.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman sug-
gest what law this is to carry out?
Mr. YEAMAN. I understand these troops
weie called out by order of the President. They
were armed and equipped in the same manner as
in the other case, under the law, I believe, author-
izing: the suppression of insurrection and the re-
pelling of invasion.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be observed that this
amendment provides for many other things for
which there certainly is no authority of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is not
to carry out any existing provision of law; but
even if it were, as the gentleman suggests, there, is
a great deal of independent legislation about it.
The Chair will he compelled to rule it out of order.
Mr.SEDGWICK. I move thefollowingamend-
ment:
For the establishment of a navy-yard arid the construc-
tion of a depot at League Island, Philadelphia, Penn-yl-
vania, $200,000.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING. I rise to a point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. What is the gentleman's
point of order?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mypointofordor
is, that the amendment proposed by my colleague
ingrafts new legislation upon an appropriation
bill.
Mr. LEHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am aware
that the point of order is not debatable, yet I trust
I may be permitted, in one or two rematks, to
show that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man fiom New York is not only not new legisla-
tion, in the sense of the rules of the House, but,
on the contiary, is for the purpose of carrying
out the express provision of an existing statute,
if the Chair will consult the law he will find that
the point of older which has ruled out so many
other amendments does not hold good in respect
to the one now pending. The special provision
of the statute concerning tins case is in the follow-
ing words:
"That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized to receiv and accept fiotn the city autiioiifies
of the city of Philadelphia tin- tale to League It-land, in the
Del.uvaie river, together with Hie mar^h east of ami adja-
cent mereto, within the firs-t ward of the said city of Phila-
delphia, together With all npaiian rights and privileges
thcieunto hi longing and appej t.uaiiiir, to be u?cd for naval
pinpos-es by tile Govmnnent of the United States: Pro-
wled. That said tale -hall not be accepted and icceived
unless the s-atne shall he periect and indeiea'-ible to the
whole e-land and uiai-h adjacent to hnv-watcr tnaik; 1101
if, upon more thorough examination and survey of (he prem-
ises by a competent hoaid of officer, to be by him appointed,
lie t-iiall di-eover that the pnbhc interest* will not be pro-
moted by acquiring the title as atore^aid."
Then follows a section providing for the ap-
pointment of a board to examine and report upon
certain places named therein. They did report,
and in the report of the Secietary of the Navy it
will be seen by the following extract that he has
accepted the tide to League Island.
" The conflicting reports, and the conditions annexed to
the law authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to receive
and accept League inland, have occasioned embarrassment,
and I have, tlieiefoic, deemed it respectful to delay action
until Congress should convene. As neither the haiborof
New London nor the water* ofNairngans-ettbay are adapted
to the purposes and wanN of an non navy, whatevei may
be their advantages in other re-peets, and as League Island
has the requisite's of fiesh watei, security fiom external en •
emu1*-, and pioxtmitv to iron and eoai, i piopos-e to receive
and accept for the Government the munificent donation of
the city of Philadelphia, unless Congress shall otherwise j
dncet " j
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Is the gentleman ■
reading fiom the icport of the Secretary of the j
Mr."LEHMAN. Yrs, sir.
Mr. llOSCOK CONKLING. Is tliat, in his
judgment, a leffiil acceptance? j
Mr. STEVENS. He says lie accepts it unless i
Consress oibriwise directs.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. He says he pro-
poses to 'accept it.
97
Mr. LEHMAN. I do not propose to answer
the inquiry of the gentleman from New York in
the spirit tlmt he mokes it, and therefore I say that
1 do think this is a formal legal acceptance of the
title. The forms of law in theacquisition of the
paper title are alone to be complied with, and for
all I know have been completed. The title has
been examined and decided to be valid.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has expired
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, I object to any
further discussion. We might as well have this
thing disposed of at once.
The CHAIUMAN. The amendment is for the
establishment and construction of a depot at
Lengue Island, and has nothing at all to do in
respect to the acceptance of Lettguo Island by the
Government. The Chair, then "fore, sustains the
point of cyder, and rules the amendmenfout.
Mr. LEHMAN. I appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
The decision of the Chair was sustained; there
being on a division—ayes 61, noes 20.
Mr. STEVENS offered the following amend-
ments:
For the sinveying of public lands in Coloiado Territory,
in addition to the Mini herembetoie appropriated. $.*>,000*
For Mirveving the public lands in Ivansa>and Nebia-dca,
in addition to the *11111 hereinbefore appioprimed, $10,000.
Foi surveying the public lands in Dakota Territoiy, in
addition to the <11111 hoieinbeloie appropilati'd, $5,000
For surveying the publie lands rti WashingtonTemtoiy,
in addition to the sum hereinbefore appropriated, $'.">,000.
Jlnd be it fuithej enacted, That to supply a clcr real ouit--
sion in the act entitled u An act makinjrappiopnations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expense:-of the Gov-
ernment lor the year ending June ;ft), 1S?j4," the following
woi dt  be, and hereby are, added to the end of the paiacrapb,
" for the suppoti of the mutiopohtau police of the Distnct
of Columbia, $110,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved the following amend-
ment:
Jind be it further enacted, That in addition to tlrt* clerical
force now authoii/.c<l by law 111 the office of the Second
Coinptiollcij the Secretary of the TieaMiry is hereby au-
thoi ized to appoint, a.s lolIow : tour clci ks of class tour;
tour of cbi5 js three; ten ol class two; and one assistant
messenger at a t-alaiy ol $"/00 per annum. Said additional
forcc shall be employed and continue only duting the icbel-
iion,and foi one year after iNclo.-e; and the amount neee--
*,aiy to pay their salai ie- 1rum the time of then appoint men t
foi the (1-eal year ending June 30, and tor the fiscal
year I'rei.na June 30, 186-1, is heieby appropriated,
JInd he it further enacted,/Vhnt the President be, and he
is heiel>v,ninhoi ized, when, 111 In- opinion, the publie ser-
vicemay require, to transtei anvunexpended balanee of*an
appiopriation toanyoihei appiopi lanon: Provided, That
sueh train-iVr --hall be confined to apptopriatioii  undei the
same Department.
Jind be it further enacted, That the appiopriation for
temporary clerk* in the Tiea-uiy Depattment lor the year
ending 30th June, 1^04, thai! apph to and ineludo station
ery and luunturc for the use of .said clerks.
Couit ol Claims?:
For salaries of two additional judges, from the 8th of
March, 18G3 to 30th of June, 1864, at an annual salary each
000, $10,5-20.
Foi f-abuy of baihlf, from 8th ot March, 1803, to 30th
June, 186'1. at an annual salary ol {$1,000, i$l,99o.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS offered the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd Ic it further enacted, That fiom and after the passage
ol tins net the decretal y ol War and the Seeretaiy of the
Navy sdiall caris-e a repoi t to he made seini annually to the
head--of the Dep.ittmenH from their subordinates of tlie
j number of m tin- military and naval -*01 vice, in which
j anoMhetic agents Miall be incd m surgeiy; and the said
1 tk'Ciet.tries of Wai and the Navy shall eaiiNes-tatement- of
j the numbei of ca.-c^ ujcntioiit d in t-aid lepoits to be tiled
j with the .Secieta/5 of the Tiea-utv, who ^hall thereupon
I pay to JDi. Wiihain T. G. Motion. out ol any money in the
j 'J'ica-uiy not oth'-i\vi--e .rppjupriatud, the bum ot iwenty-
five cent" loi each ca*e so icpoited
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment proposes to introduce new l«gis-
lation into ail appropriation bill, and is therefore
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS moved the following amend-
ment:
Page 35, after the word protect." add ton following:
And the Secretary ot the Trea-mv 15 hereby authorized
to allow to liutler & Carpenter, contiactor-. for engraving
internal revenue stamps, thirty per cent, of the cost of en-
graving the special dies for that purpose, and not to exceed
in amount the sum of §20,000.
• The amendment was agreed to. „ J
Mr. STEVENS moved the following amend-
ment: %
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the sum of $100,000, or so
much thereof as may be nree^ary, be- and the .<ai,ne is here-
by, appropriated, ouroi any mom y in tiieTrea^ury not other-
wise appropriated, tow.uds defraying the expenses conse-
quent upon canj mg into effect tlie act of Congress emitted
'•An net to regulate the habeas eoqms, and regulating judi-
cial pioceedmgs in ceitaiu cases."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, and icport the bill to the House, with a rec-
ommendation (hut it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed ihe chair, Air. Washburnereported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill, No. 732, making appropriations for
sundty civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1864, and had directed him
to report the bill to the House with several amend-
ments, with a recommendation that the Housa
concur in the same, and pass the bill.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER,, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled resolutions and
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same: '
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 154) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue American
registers to certain vessels named therein; *
A joint resolution (S. No. 132) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain the title to
cuiiain ptoperty in the city of Denver, Colorado
Territory, fur the purposes of the branch mint
located in said place.
A jointresolution (S. No. 117)givingthe thanks
of Congress to Major General William S. Rose-
crans and the officers and men under his command
for their gallantry and good conduct tn the battle
of Murfreesboro , Tennessee;
An act (S. No. 546) for the relief of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac I.
Stevens;
An act (S. No. 506) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more certain
and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 574) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act for the relief of persons for dam-
ages sustained by reason of depredations and in-
juries by certain bands of Sioux Indians," ap-
proved February 16, 1863; and
An act (S. No. 393) concerning letters of
marque, prizes, and prize goods.
DISTRICT JUDICIARY,
The SPEAKER. The hour of three o'clock
having at rived, the regular business in order is the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 359) to reorgan-
ize the courts in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes; on which a motion is pending to
lay the bill on the table, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered. On that motion the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton1] asked to be
excused from voting. That is the pending mo-
tion, and upon it the yeas and nays have been
ordered. The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desne to suggest the pro-
priety of postponing the bill under consideration
until the House disposes of the bill just reported
from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAKER. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] will withdraw his
motion, and allow the House to proceedtl'ith the
regular order of business.
i\lr. PENDLETON. There are other dilatory
motions behind mine; and m order that 1 may be
able to gratify the gentleman from Indiana, 1 will
withdraw my motion.
