THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2$,
defer to us so far as to make these measures as
little unpaLuable as may be. If the pill has to be
swallowed, if they cannot gild it, at leas' siurui-
coat it. I nxako these remarks in no unkind or
factious spirit. I refer gentlemen on the other
side to my whole course since liiuve been a mem-
ber of the House, for the sincerity of my motives,
ami the earnestness with which I have supported
the prosecution of the war for the suppression
of this rebellion, and the restoration of the au-
thority of the country, and the preservation of its
honor. .
Mr. DUNN. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I desire to say a word.
iVJr. WADS WORTH. Do I understand that
thegenthman from Pennsylvania [.VI r. Stevens J
still holds the floor?
Mr. STEVENS. I do notdesire to monopolize
the floor. I was culled out tins morning, ami be-
ing on the floor, gentlemen have asked rne to give
way to let them make remaiks, and I have yielded
for that purpose. 1 have, however, no disposition
whatever to close debate, or cut off any one who
desires to speak. I yield now to my friend fiom
Indiana.
Mr, DUNN. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to say but
a few words in regard to this bill. Deeming it to
be one of very great importance, I voted ^yester-
day to give tlie bill the usual course—to iefer it
to the Military Committee; but as the House did
not see proper so to refer it, I am very glad that
we have now an opportunity of giving a kind,
candid, and thoughtful consideration to the iimas-
ut'e. I itn  entn«dy favorable to the object of tins
bill. I cannot see any reason why any man, ot
any color, who is able to nusc his aim in defense
of our nationality, should not be permitted to do
so. i do not see any reason why persons who
are considered propei iy by men in tebelhon agamst
the Government should not he (nought in some
way into active cooperation u ith the Government
in its i IForts to sustain its nuthoi it v, if they me
willing at this time to take then places on the ,>ide
of thoGovernment. At the same nine, I am deeply
impressed with the suggestions vvhieh have bt en
made by ihe gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mi.
Mayxakd.] We have not only to eonsidej ex-
actly what is right and proper in itself, but in all
measures of (his character we must pav due de-
ference to public sentiment, and to public puqu-
dice,if you please. We do all J^uow that tin;
public mind is deeply imbued with a prejudice
against white men and black men being biought
into any terms of association winch shall put them
upon a basis of equality in regard to their social
position. I shall not go back to discuss the right
of every man to himself, I indorse the doctrine
of the Declaration of Independence to its fullest
extent. But while I do not believe thai ihe pro-
visions of (Ins bill as it is now presented will lie
abused; while 1 do not believe the President of the
United States will ever peimit a black man to
command white men; while I have no idea that he
is so ignorant of popular feeling and prejudice as to
do so foolish a thing; yet I do see. how, unless we
throw some restriction upon the bill as it now
stands, the men who wish to excite, to strengthen,
and to disseminate this popular sentiment against
association with Africans will seize upon eveiy
point they can possibly lay their hands upon to
accomplish that purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me ask my friend from
Indiana ifhedoesnot see that the President him-
self has not the power, under the provisions of
this law, or of the existing law, to prevent this
state of the case from occutnng ? The gentleman
from Pennsylvania in this biil pu's white and
black soldiers upon an equality, because they are
both subject to tbe rules and regulations of the
Army and to the articles of war. Now, 1 ask
him if in a battle there happens to be a coloied
colonel commanding a regiment its a brigade, and
the general of that brigade is killed, and the col-
ored colonel comes to be the ranking officer in that
brigade, would he not necessarily take command
in that bottle ?
Mr. PORTER. I ask my colleague to allow me
to have read a proviso which 1 propose to offer to
the bill, and which will obviate the objection made
to it.
Mr. DUNN. 1 will yield to hear it read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
But no person uf African descent shall be admitted as a
private or otfif.sr of any regiment In wfcicU wliite men are
in Uierauk-jHOr^lmll anyporson < r AfV.cua descent,m any
ea^e, be placed in command of whit" m>Mici^
Mr, DUNN. Mr. Speaker, i entirely accord
with the o'-ject of this amendm* i.t. 1 do not wish
black men to be enlisted as soldiers in the ranks
with white men. 1 do not wish, nor do I believe
that the House wishes,that a black man shall ever
command a white man in the field, i wish to have a
certain and positive prohibition of mis inserted in
the bill, so us to take from the mouihs of . bjeetors
the means of exciting public sentiment and public
prejudice afi-ain-H this bill.
Mr. MePHERSON. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. DUNN.- Certainly,
Mr. McPHERSON. I wish to state, Mr.
Speakei, that the intention of the author of this
bill, as explained to ceitam membeis of the Mili-
tary Committee, has been to confine the appoint-
ments to be made, under the provisions of this
bill, to white men.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Who is its
author?
Mr. WICKLIFFE and other Members. The
Secretary of War.
Mr. AlePIIERSON. I wish to state that the
intention of the parties who have prepared this bill,
and who will be tesponsible for its execution if it is
passed, is to confine the appointments under it to
while men; and that the saving clause authorizing
the Pi esidcnt to appoint Ida1.k men is on I v to meet
some possible exigency of the public m rvioe. It
is to meet the ease of a black man exhibiting re-
nuu kable military ability, so the' under extraor-
dinary < ii cutnstaue< s theie may be some m< nns :
of putting bun m a place wheie ho ran render j
more valuable sei vice than be * ould do by i emain- !
ing in the lanks. I have no son of objection to
the amendment offered by tin* gentleman from
Indiana, because I know that it uceoids with Hie
intentions of the persons who have prcpand the
bill.
.Mr. DUNN. That b, nig the cav, a* 1 have
no idea ihat the Secteiin v of Wai, to whom tin; I
authorship of the bnl has been aseribt d—win ilru'
rightly or not | do not know—or the Pie.-iJent, j
oi any man on this floor, or any sensible man in j
the n.aiou, wishes to place n black man m com- j
mind of whiie nun, I want that piolubuion in- j
serted in the bill, an as to k<-ep <\ivileis and oh- ;
jeetors from laisiiiir any such clamor against it.
My colleague [Mr. Porter] asks for an oppor-
tunity to present ins amendment.
The yPlSAKER. No amendimnt is in order,
as there are two amendments pending ah endy
Mi. COX. Will the gentleman from Indiana
permit m< to say a wotd ?
Mr. DUNN. CYitainly,
Mi. COX. i call the attention of ihe gentleman
from Indiana and of the House to a s-''-tion of
another act passed at last session of Confess,
which seems to give the fullest dimmeu,mi to the
President to use tie- black man in any way he
may deem proper, either to put him above white
officers or above white men in the ranks. There-
fore, I think that if this bill is to become n law,
it should be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary A Hairs, or somewhere else, th.it it may be
licked mto shape. I will now read, for the inform-
ation of the House and of my friend fiom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Ste'.exs,] the eleventh section of
the act which 1 lefer to:
*• That tin; Pre-nicut of the United Stairs is authoi ized to
cm piny jw many per-ou-oi' \frioan .ie^ccur a • in amy d cm
woe^ary and pioper lor tin; suppression ot tin* rebellion ;
find tor that pumosj be may organize them nml iw theni
in tUKii a manner aa lie may beat lor tin; uubhc wel-
fare." * *
There ih no limitation. There Is the fullest
discretion giw n. The President can do jusf what
he t.leases, concerning the Idack man, tn this m-
suireetion. He may commission him as a col-
onel, a. nrigidicr, or a major svneral; anvthin"-,
anywhere, 1 thereiore utk the genti'Mum from
Pennsylvania now, with this new light, what is
the use ot the* legislation' I ask tin* gentleman
fior.i Indiana whedn-i this is not, all superfluous,
a ridiculous excess of legislation ? Why should
we go into this matter now, when thcro is such I
full discretion allowed by the exisiuv law? I
Mr. DUNN. I will give to the gentleman a ;
reason. I do not say that, under '.he statutes as 1
they are, the President ot the United States can-
not organize persons of African descent and re-
ceive them into tiie military service of the United
States. 1 belit.ve that authorn y does exist und'?!
the present statute. Oat t a a t very limitation sug 
geared by my colleague [Mi. Poa.Ti:a] id not In
tlie st .lures, and I think it worta while put it
m. Tiiat is one reason.
Mr. DIYEN. Must not the colored regiments
authorized last year be officered l y white men?
Did not the law make that requisite ?
Mr. DUNN. I do not recollect that it did. It
left the matter, to a great extent, to the discretion
of the President of the United States. I have no
idea that he would have commissioned any but
white men, except under < xtiaordinary cncurn-
stances. If a company is wholly composed of
negroes, T do not see why it should not have
negi o officers, including the captain, if he is qual-
ified to cornm.md. But I do not \\ ish colored men
to be put into regiments with white men. I want
to keep them as distinct as. possible. And we
have got to do it, on' of jnst regard to the feel-
ings of the soldier in the fu id, and out of just re-
Raid to the public senium nt of the nation. And
if we do not do it, thN measuie, which is m itself
beneficial and ;n*opi r, wdl he subject to an odium
that will cause it to be repealed. The proviso
having been sti leken from this bill relievos it from
what was an insuperable objection in my mind,
but I wish it further amended, so as to permit tho
recruiting of any colored troops in the loyal slavfe
States.
Mr. WiOKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr, DUNN. Wha: does the gentleman desire?
Mr. WICKLIFFE Aie v<m through, sh ?
Mr. DUNN. I am not.
Mr. Wi C KL1FFK. I will wait till you are.
Mr DUNN. If this bill hid been n ferred to
the Committee on Military -\ (fairs, it, mi^hf per-
haps have been put into a shape which would have
been acceptable to those who would favor such a
measure. Uut now the bill is here, end under
pr-seiit cireumsfaoces n is uncertain whether it
should go to the Committee on .Military Affairs;
for, although that committee should exercise its
utm 1 ir-1 eiV ' 1 fs to pceseniit to ibc House for con-
si detail on, 1! mm (if not find an 00 pot f unity of do-
ing so, as a factious opposni ot might prevent it.
Th
'f' tot e, it wr 1
into proper shape
now, I am not in fuor, as I was yesteiday, of
referring it to the ComneHee on Military Affairs.
If we cannot do so, [ .shall vote, as 1 did yester 
day, to lefer k id the conmnth 0.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
put mys'if in a rmht po-.inon m regard to this
matter. I understood last night that there would
be ojinorlunuies given to oiieramendments tn the
bill,and to ho ve a free and unresti icted discu?siou
of it. We are now led off on a question witich we
could hav e pot information about at the War De-
partment, u heie this bill was manufactured. The
Secretary of War has had, if bo has not now, a
regimen! of Afncans oigamz-'d—slaves captured
or educed troni South Carolina and Geoigia
phinters. A mail—U- neral I lunter—organized a
regiment, or attempted to oigauizo a brigade, at
Hilton II.Md.
There w--to went linio, on his order, from the
War Depot tment, fif'y (housniul French lifles,
which cost tins Government <nghteen dollars
apiece; and ten million cartridges, with clothing
for lifty thousand negroes. What has become of
that experiment? Soon after he aimed them,two
hundred of them ted with their rifles. There
was no sheiter tor the guns and ammunition, and
it was all injured; and the rifles were so much in-
jured that they had to be sent hack to some man-
ufactmin^ establishment at the Noith, and I do
not know what became of them.
What has become of that regiment? I under-
stand if has be«>n nhnndon-'d as a failure. 1 will
not go over the history of jf np to last spiing.
We are discu^aing the question, bow are these
negro regiments to ne commanded ? If the gen-
tleman had called upon Major Geneial Butler he
could have told hnn how the iie^ro contrabands
are commanded and icguiatMl ui the city and dis-
trict of New Oi ieans. We have his authority for
saytmr, as was said the other day by the gentle-
man from Indiana, that the eontrabands th^r^or
any win re H c>,do not cost thu Govt rntnent or its
Tiensury or itb means one cent, lint the Piesi*
dent, in "his communication to tins Chicago com-
mittee, told these Chicago ministers—and w bet her
they told the truth or not, 1 do not know—that
General Butler had written him he was then (lis-
