1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tnbuttngfrom the public storehouse,from the pro-
visions supplied at the expense of the Government
to Teed our soldiers, rations to more contrabands
than ho did to the while soldiers in his command.
Yet gentlemen say here that there has been noth-
ing expended for this purpose.
Mr. DUNN, I ask the gentleman to permit me
to interrupt him. I suppose he now refers to the
statement made by me last week.
M:. WICKLIFFE. 1 did.
Mr. DUNN. I think the gentleman has stated
my remark more bioddly than was intended by
me. I stated that I was informed by a public offi-
cer, and that such was my information, that the
expense m South Carolina, to winch he refers, is
more than covered by the receipts from the em-
ployment of that class of people. When the of-
ficial statement comes to be made, I think the gen-
tleman will find that the Government, instead of
losing money, has actually made money by the
employment of these black people.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. My information is very
diffeicnt. 1 have been told, from what I suppose
to be good authority, that ail the cotton raised in
South Carolina anil sent to New York, as the pro-
duction of these contrabands, has cost the Gov-
ernment two dollars per pound. Why, look at the
report of the Secretary of War, in answer to the
resolution of the House upon tins subject. It is
a very costive report, I must acknowledge. The
quartermaster's and the commissary's depart-
ments do not tell us how much has been expended
for feeding and clothing these negroes out of the
means provided for feeding and clothing and trans-
porting the Army of the United States, from the
specific appropriations of Congress for that pur-
pose. How much money has been thus misap-
plied in that direction we do not know, for they
will not tell us; and the House will not grant a
committee to inquire into the facts that would show
the amount that has been expended foi the pur-
pose of clothing, feeding, and transporting these
oontiabands that aie iu this District and other
places.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me to
sav a wo! <1 right here ?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir, I cannot yield
further at present. Now, sir, I eare not who com-
mands these black volunteers. Tins lull is very
artfully drawn, 1 eare not. I shall not stickle
about which shall rank—General Sambo, or Gen-
eral Hunter, or general anybody else. But I
should like to know whethei, if Colonel Sambo
is in command on the field of battle of a regiment
of these contrabands, whose commn-siou is older
than those of the white colonels m the same brig-
ade, and the geneial of the brigade is slam, would
not, in accoidance with the rules and articles of
war, this b!a<-k Sambo colonel take command of
the In igade without any possibility of preventing
it. It is true, by a recent law, the President has
the power to designate which general ofa military
depaitment shall be placed in command, without
reference to seniority of rank.
Mr. SHLCLLAB A RGER. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. No, sir; I was kept up
loo late last night by gentlemen on the other side
of the House to answer then-questions this morn-
ing. ^
8o much for the command of this army. I do
not care whether Sambo white or Sambo black is
to be placed in command; but 1 do look with hu-
miliation, as an American, at the attempt that is
being made to organize such an army. Here are
the men of fifteen States at war with eleven, and,
sir, what is the relative condition of physical
strength and means of war between the two sec-
lions of the country ? Why, sir, the State of New
York alone has more men, more white popula-
tion by a million and a half, than the whole of the
cotton S'ates.
What have we heard in this Hall since this bill
has been reported ? Tin-gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who is the leader of the
abolition party in this House, and who was the
originator of this project, and who has nursed it
with tl e fondness for a sickly and only child, one
for whose fate he cannot but fear, tells us, and in
his place proclaims to the South, that we, with a
white population in Pennsylvania and New York
alone of c\ million and a half more than there are
whiles in the whole eleven seceded States of the
South, and eight million in the fifteen States more
than the whole white population of the eleven
States—that with all this difference this country
cannot conquer and suppress this rebellion, unless
he can employ the negro slave and put Sambo, or
some other man meaner than Sambo, in com-
mand. Great God ! is that so? Are you, gentle-
men upon the other side of the House, prepared
to indorse this statement of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, suid proclaim to
the world that our States, with all their resources
of population and physical power, with such re-
sources of means for carrying on the war, with
a million soldiers now in the field, still find it ne-
cessary at this time to blacken our record for
the first time by adopting into the Army of the
United States the African slave, and making him
the equal and associate, by legislation, of the gal-
lant soldier who may have distinguished himself
in many a hard-fought battle; and that a captain
Sambo and captain white somebody, and colonel
Sambo and colonel white somebody must stand
side by side, day after day, on terms of perfect
equality ?
I saw, some time ago, a correspondence between
General Butler and another New Orleans general,
by the name of Phelps, upon this subject. Phelps
was for employing the negro, and incorporating
him in the Army. Butler was against it. They
made up a case—a military case—and sent it to
Washington, for adjudication by the military an-
tinomies, whether by the Commander-in-Chief or
the Secretary of War, I do not know. Butler was
then against employing the black man in thus ser-
vice. Since that time he has changed his policy,
as I am informed by the newspaper writers, and
i 1 am comnelied to rely upon such nuthoriiy, inas-
I j much as I cannot obtain the passage of a resolution
!, calling foi information upon the subject, exceptby
j' the permission of the other side of the House. 1
i i should like very much to know what General Hun
i| ter has done with that brigade of contrabands or
!' runaway slaves, at Port ltovai, South Carolina,
which he called the fiist Carolina regiment of vol-
unteer.
Mr. HUTCH INS. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will tell bun what General Hunter told
me on that subject.
Mr. WIOKLl FFE. I cannot yield the floor to
the gentleman. 1 do not know whether the state-
ment I have made is tine. I beh  ve it true. I
foi rued my opinion by the public prints, and by
what the Piesident has said to the Chicago min-
isters, and the statement of one of the officers m
the army statiorn d at Hilton Head, Port Royal.
Mr. KELLEY. Let General llunier speak for
hiinseif.
|| Mr. WICKLIFFE. I cannot; General Hunter
' IS not pi esent.
j! Mr. KELLEY. Let me read it.
j! Air. WICKLIFFE. You can lead it when- I
jj am done, i will, with great pleasure, correct any
ji injury I have done him. I do not think I have
' done him injustice,
jj Sir, 1 have seen it stated that General Bullerhad
jj at New Orleans a whole hi igade of loyal blacks in
j his division in the South. What has become of
it? What were these soldiers engaged at ? I have
; seen it stated ih.it the commander at Galveston, in
!, Texas, wroie General Butler that unless he sent
II him additional military foioe he would bo unable
!; to hold the place. He might have sent htm these
negro regiments, if they were fit to fight. What
did he do with them ? What has become of them ?
\\ I have understood that he denude d plantations of
|' the defenseless white owners, and phu ed them and
!' the negi oes under the control and management of
agents. I have not been aide to ascertain anything
! of the success of those farming operations under
the military power of the Govt rnment, I would
j, like to have u searching examination of all the
' doings of Butler a* New Orleans,
It is recommended that n swoi d shall be given to
: Butler—the «?woid which Tw.«riis had won m the
battle-field,given to him by the Umtfal States, but
1 which he disgraced by his tieason to the Gov« rn-
ment of the United States. General Butl"i if enm-
■ mends this sword be irtven to sorru- officer its a
testimonial of his trallani sei vit Jis. A lesolution
is pending 111 the Hon.-e or th<- Senate, dispo?mtr
, of this sword. That officer seems to be selected
in the person ofGeneral Butler. Was thatswoul
: captured in battle bv General Butler' Whatbat-
tie has he fought since he has worn epaulets 5
What credit has he added to the American fame
by his infamous proclamation at. New Orleans,
against the women of that city ?- What has hedong
to receive a sword from the Government of the
United States—a sword which was once the re-
ward of victory upon'the battle-field ?
The SPEA&ER. The gentleman's remarks
are not pertinent to the bill under consideration,
and are therefore not in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to show that thisr
employment and command of negro soldiers has
demoralized General Butler, and that it is danger-
ous to the Government to employ negroes as sol-
diers. He has been fearfully demoralized, I ap-
prehend, by this negro brigade at New Orleans.
[Laughter.] I know that it is unpleasant, but let
us look what are the dangers from the measure
proposed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Let me say a word.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 am not half done.
[Laughter.] If that sword is to be given to
any officer of the United States—a sword which
Twiggs has disgraced by his treason—I do not
know who can better be selected than Mr. But-
ler, for what he has done at New Orleans. It
is a dishonored sword; let it go to him. i do not
know General Butler, but 1 have been watching
his courseat Ifcw Orleans with very great interest.
The SPEAKER. The resolution in reference
to that sword is not now before the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. When it will come before
the House I will not get a chance to say a word;
the previous question js a terrible machine in this
body.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman mustconfirfe
his remarks to the bill.
Mr, WICKLIFFE. I will endeavor to do so.
My argument may not be very strong in the mind
of some, but I think that the fact is clearly proved
that the use of negro soldiers has demoralized the
commander at New Orleans, and that therefore it
would be dangerous to employ more of them.
Mr. McKEAN. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Not now. Who believes
that these negro regiments will aid us in restoring
the Union and suppressing the disunion party or
power in the South ? Nobody well informed, and
who is not blinded by passion and the spirit of
revenge. 1 denounce it as utterly futile that we
will have any eOieient aid upon the battle-field by
these poor, deluded, uninformed creatures. They
will not stand the firing of a gun. They will fall
upon the guumd or run away. General Hunter
tried to instruct them at Hilton Head, and two
hundred of them deserted with their guns to their
masters, and he had to put a regiment of white
men around the balance to prevent them running
off. I w ish the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
could be allowed to give us a report of what he
heard on that subject—the efforts and results of a
negro drill. Mr.'Speaker, what has become of
these negro regiments? I am told that they, with
those now to be laised, are to man our forts and
guard public property in the stave States. Sir,
they are to serve, i suppose, in Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Louisiana, Missouri,and Delaware. In the
State of Dehivvaio I understand that they had a
white guaulat every poll at the recent election to
guaid and protect the light of suffrage. A negro
guard may answer the purpose hereafter. I sup-
pose that these negro regiments are also to carry
out the infamous proj**ctof a Mr.Thayer.. What
does he propose to do ? What does the Secretary
of War propose to dor He is going to have
Florida colonized.
Mr. HUTCH INS. I call the gentleman to order.
The subject which the gentleman is now discuss-
ing: has nothing to do with the question before the
House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I want to show the im-
policy of employing these negro regiments to pro-
tect what is called Thayer's emigration. My
ft lend will find that I am m order. 1 wanttoshow
that that nohev is ruinous, violative, of the Con-
stitution, and dangerous to our liberty. The poor
and defenseless people ofFloiidaare to be driven
fiom their homes and firesides, and these emi-
grants are to go there to be protected by a military
force. I am against it, whether the force be black
or white What is the pn tense for this act of
contemplated cruelty1 " To hold and occupy the
public land," says the Secretary of War. Pub-
lic land iu Florida and Texas. Did not the Sec-
retary of War know that the General Government
