1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think if the gentleman
will reduce the number to five thousand there will
be no difficulty in parsing the resolution.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order on a
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask thegentleman to with-
draw his motion to lay on the table and allow me
to submit that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr, MAYNARD. There is an impression*
about me that these copies are not to go to the
members of the present Congress. I do not so un-
derstand it myself, and ask the Clerk to read the
resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now submit the amend-
ment to strike out ten thousand and insert five
thousand.
The amendment was agiccd to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. CLARK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYORS OP CUSTOMS-
Mr. "WARD asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up bill of the Senate No. 275,
to increase the compensation of the surveyors of
customs for Albany and Troy, and for other
purposes.
Mr. OLIN objected.
Mr. WARD moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of noting upon the bill at the present
time. (
Only sixteen members voted to suspend the 1
rules. !
Mr. WARD culled for tellers. |
Tellers were not ordered, and the rules were 1
not suspended. f
CEM30KSHIl> OV YIIK MAILS. i
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to report j
back from the Judiciary Committee the, tesolu- >
tion of the f louse in relation to the exclusion, by |
the Postmaster General, of newspapers from the '
mails, for the piopose of asking that the com- 1
mittee be discharged from the futther considera- j
tion of the resolution, and that the dissenting
opinion of a member of the committee be printed 1
with the report tluit we present.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, I think the gen- '
tleman from Pennsylvania could scarcely h,ue
understood my proposition. "We propose no ,
notion upon the lesolution, and we propose that
the minority i«port of the gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mr. IV.n'dj.eton J be printed with the report of
the committee. I think that couise must be s.it-
isfactoiy to the gentleman. ;
Mr. W0OI). 1 object. |
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to suspend j
the rules.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds votingin favor thereof.) j
Mr. PENDLETON submitted sonic remarks
on the subject of the resolution. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix ]
The proposition submitted by Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, was then agreed to.
VIRGINIA ELECTION,
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution, which
was read, consideied, and agreed to:
Re->oh*e<K Th.it Chri-tophcr L. (Sratflm is not emitlorf to '
a «car in tin* House Repi tentative fiom the eighth con- j
 .'r''ks{onal ih^tnet of Yn 31111a. i
TENNESSEE ELECTION. |
Mr. DAWES, from the same committee, re- '
ported the following resolution:
Recoh cd, That Alvin flnwlcm^ is not entitled to a seat ■
in this Hou<e as Representative trom the ninth congres- :
Monal district of Tennessee. j
Mr, MAYNARD. I desire to say that at this ;
late period of the session I will not ask the [louse '
to leverse the decision of the Committee of Elcc- ,
tiortf, although it may be proper to soy fhat Ienn- .
not assent to the conclusion at which they have
arrived. If it had been at an earlier period of the
session, I should have asked the indulgence of
the House in an attempt to show that this was a
case of great merit, that should demand the favor-
able consideration of the House.
Mr. DAWES moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OV CLAIMANTS OF S13ATS.
Mr. MAYNARD asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That tins Clerk be authorized and directed to
pay out of the contingent, fund of the Tloi^e to Jemimas
I'ijKTott, John B.RodgerSj C. L.Graltiin, Lewis McKen^ie,
and Alvin Hawkins,"claimant? to riontf in this House who<e
claim* have been adversely decided, mileage and salaiy
from the date of their alleged elections to the dates of *aid
adverse decisions lespcctively.
Mr. BINGHAM objected. .
Mr. MAYNARD. A resolution precisely like
this was passed at the last session of Congress, in
behalf of Mr. Butler, Mr. Kline, and Mr. Segar.
SURGEON PIIILIP LANSDALE.
Mr. CALVERT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 392,
for the relief of Philip Lansdale, surgeon United
States Navy, and I think, after a brief statement,
the [louse will be willing to pass it.
Objection was made.
Mr. CALVERT moved to suspend the rules,
in oidel that the bill might bo brought before the
House and acted upon.
Mr. 1<\ A. CONKLING. Has the bill been
before any committee of this House?
Mr. CALVERT. It comes unanimously from
tlu? Committee en Naval Affairs.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
^LAVE TRADE.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Mouse to report from the Committee
of Ways and Meansa joint resolution (H. R. No.
155) respecting the compensation of the judges,
&c.,under thetrcaty with Great Britain,and other
persons employed in the suppression of the slave
trade.
There was no objection, and the report was re-
ceived.
The joint resolution was road a first and second
time, oidered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
lead the third time.
M r. STRATTON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was passed.
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the vote
! by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also ino\ed that the motion to reconsider be hud
upon the table.
The latter motion was atrreed Jo.
I'UKClIAfeK OF TIIR CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to mtioduce a joint
resolution for the purchase of the Congressional
Globe and A p|>endix.
Mr. HUTCH INS. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to suspend the rules,
in order that the lesolution may be luought befoie
the House.
On a division, there were—aves 66. noes 39.
Mr. MALLORY demanded "tellers.
Tellers woic ordered; and Messrs. Mallory
and Blake were appointed.
The telleis reported—ayes 72, noes 30.
Mr. HUTCH INSdemanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 56; as follows:
YEA^-Me^is. Aidrieh. William Allen, Anconn. Bab-
bitt. Baj/y, IVitiiam G. Blown, Oalveft, Casey, Cobb,
Ciavens.CriMield, Ciittond'-n, Dawes, Diven. Ely. English,
Goodwin, Gridci, Ilahn, IIai<*ht, Hall, Jolnis-on. William
Ki'lioca. Knapp. Leaiy. Lehman. Low. Mallory. Menzies,
Mitchell. Moorhen), Moms., Norton. Nujien. Oj.u, ration,
Perry. Timothy G. Phelps, Price, ^.ugent, HodgwiHt, ^o-
gir, Shi"L Smith. Ppmilding. Sfewns. R'los, Fiancia
Thomas, Tiam, Vallandigham, Van Horn, VVad.-vvortb,
Webster, Whatoy, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White,
Wood, and Wright—r 8.
NAYS— Messrs. Alley, Raker, Baxter, Beanmn, Bitldlo,
Bingham, Samuei ri. Blah, Blake, Buffintou, Campbell,
Chamberlain, Ola  k, Colfax, Cutler, Delano. I)ium,Edger-
ton, Eliot, Fenton, Thomas A. 1"). Fessentfen, Franehot,
Frank, Grander, Gurlev,Tlai n*on. tlulman, Ilorton, Hutch-
ins. Julian, Keiley, Ft ai.oi-, W Kellogjr, Loomi^Mclndoe,
MeKcan, Mcpherson, May, Anson P. Moirlll, Nixon, Pike,
Pomeroy. Porter. John IL Rice, tshellabarfier, Sherman,
 4tratton. Benjamm F. Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van
Valkenburgh, Yciree, Walker, Washburne, Wheeler, Wil-
son, Wmdom, and VVoree^tei—56.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, (two
thirds not voting in favor thereof.)
ALBERT BROWN.
Mr. M ARSTON. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar bo
discharged from the further consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 475, for the relief of Albert Brown.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. M ARSTON. Then i demand a suspension
of the rules, and on that motion demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, and the rules were
not suspended.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. ©RANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 35D) to reorganize the court* in
the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 532) to define the powers and
duties of the levy court of the county of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, in regard to roads, and
for other purposes.
COLLECTION OF THE IfBYENUli IN TEXAS, ETC.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At the request
of the Delegate from New Mexico, who takes a
deep interest in the maiter, I move to take up
House bill No. 711, to facilitate the collection of
ievenue in El Paso county, Texas, and in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to sus-
pend the rules.  
On a division, there were—ayes 77, noes 37.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chamber-
lain and Vallandiuiiam were appointed.
The rules weie suspended, the tellers having re-
ported—ayos eighty-three, (more than two thiid3
of those ptesent.)
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill has
the entire approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. it merely provides that the county of El
Paso, in Texas, which is under the control of
United States authorities, shall be attached to New
Mexico, so that ie\enue may be collected there
for the ubu of the Government. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vei mont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCE.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to take
up Senate bill No. 555, to incorporate a National
Academy of Science.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, read thtee times, and passed.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPELLED MEMBERS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That all salaiy unpaid to members of the
Thirty Seventh Congres? who have been expelled for ihs-
lojah.v shall be paid to tin-., successors who have, attended
the second and thud sessions, out of the contingent fund
of the House.
Objection was made.
