602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
does not own one acre of public land in Texas ?
Is the gentleman from Ohio in favor of driving
out the population of Florida and Texas, and oc-
cupying their lands ? Or is it that these people
are going to cultivate the public lands in Florida?
Who believes this falsehood, this miserable hum-
bug? There is no use of sending to the swamps
and everglades of Billy Bowlegs, which require
more to drain them than they are worth. All the
public lands fit for cultivation have been taken up.
I know it. I had a land warrant which 1 gave to
a little grandson, who bears my name. Ho re-
quested his father to locate it for him. He could
not find fifty acres in Florida owned by the Gov-
ernment fit for cultivation, subject to location or
entry. Mr. Thayer is going there at the public
expense. He has got five thousand Germans
already engaged in St. Louis. I do not know
where he is to get the others from. They are to
be carried there and protected there by this'Sambo
brigade. They are to go there as armed settlers,
if the purposes be to settle on public lands. I can
assure them there is not as much public land in
the State of Florida fit for cultivation as would
make a good, fair-sized plantation. The only
public lands of the United States there, are those
great everglades of the Indian Billy Bowlegs, oc-
cupied so long in defiance of the power of the Uni-
ted States. These public lands mean the home-
steads of the defenseless people not engaged in
the rebellion, but yielding allegiance to that Gov-
ernment which now protects tliem. This is the
main purpose of the Thayerexpedition. Perhaps
to make money out of the Government in the end
is also a leading motive.
I fear Kentucky is to suffer by the organization
of this negro force. An abolitionist is to be placcd
in command of that State. I understand that he
has been already sent there—sent there against
the pledge of a year ago, that he should not be.
These negro regiments, I fear, will be instruments
in his hands and the hands of bad men under him
to annoy and disturb the peace of the State. They
will thieve and devastate the country while doing
nominal military duly. Can it be possible that
the Government of the United States, that the
Congress of the United States, is prepared to en-
ter upon its record this day, and let it go to Europe,
let it go to the South, that you admit that with our
white population, witli our army of u million men
in the field, you cannot conquer this rebellion
without employing the African negro as a soldier
to go into that country, not so much for a resto-
ration of the Union, as to go to the plantations of
peaceable and quiet people, who, perhaps, were
against the rebellion, stir up these negroes to re-
bellion, rob these quiet., peaceful, happy homes,
and put the torch of conflagration to every par-
ticle of property they have? That is the object
they want of those soldieis, as 1 believe. 1 have
not closed my eyes to the object of this move-
ment, and I understand it.
Allow me to admonish my friends and associ-
ates over the way—I call them my friends, be-
cause I have no personal hostility against any
man in this House that I know of—let me warn
them that they are doing that to-day of which, if
they live for twelve months or two years, they
will repent.
You act under a declaration of purpose of ame-
liorating the condition, of protection to, and of
advancing the happiness of the slave. You pro-
pose to put these slaves into your armies. I want
to know now, what is to be the arrangement be-
tween the two belligerent powers in reference to
these negro soldiers ? What is to be your cartel
of exchange? lfa negro captain is taken prisoner,
is he to be exchanged for a white captain, equal
ill rank, hut superior in race and m estimation?
It will be, as said to me the other day when I rep-
resented the dangers of this movement, deatii to
the negro. These people of the South—whose
dispositions I believe I know—will not regard
them in waras equals, or as prisoners of war. In-
deed, since the proclamation, they have shot every
negro they have found connected with the Union
army. And if they should catch wliite'men who
are mean enough to command these negroes, the
Lord knows what will be their fate. True, if
they begin that system, you will retaliate; for it
is a two-handed game, and it is a game I want to
avoid. You will create more difficulty than you
are aware of by this course, I beg leave to say.
I beg you to pause, and if you cannot execute the
law of last session, let it alone. The ex periinent
proved a failure at Hilton Head, and why expend
more money in this way?
I appeal to every man who is familiar with the
negroes of the South to support my assertion that
you cannot make a negro stand the fire of a gun.
They will fight you with sticks and knives, but
the moment they hear the report of a gun or pis-
tol they skulk away. They cannot stand that.
One gentleman on the other side—I believe it was
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.—said he was in favor of putting the ne-
groes in the front ranks, that they might be shot
down first. I wish he may have the command
of them. [Laughter.]
These few and undigested remarks of mine have
been extorted from me by the reflections the last
night's work forced upon me. There would be
more of these negroes taken prisoners in o month
by John Morgan and such companies than you
could estimate, and your arms will be lost with
them. On the first cannon fired at a negro fort
he cries out," Massa,I climbs down; I gives up."
The only consequence of the passage of this bill
will be—what it was the tendency of the procla-
mation to do, but which, thank God, it has not
yet done—to stir up an insurrection of the slaves
among those unfortunate, deluded States, and the
destruction of women and citizens and property,
and everything which can be destroyed.
I know by the speeches and declarations of
representative men that that is the object and
purpose of this war. Thev want an insurrection
among the negroes'. As ( said last night, such
was the object of the measure of confiscation of
all rebel estates and of the proclamation of free-
dom. In addition to that, this southern popula-
tion is to be exterminated, and a new population
is to be carried there; and in this plan, as to be
carried out, the honest widow and the honest old
man at home, who have given to the only Gov-
ernment which gives them protection their alle- i
glance for the time being, and who may he as good
Union people as any that ever lived, have to go
overboard,and their plantationsand negroes taken
possession of, their lands confiscated, and their
negroes made free and put under the direction of a
Government agent as they were at Hilton Head,
for the purpose of carrying on plantations for the
supply of the Army. It never can be done.
Perhaps in what I have said 1 may have been
led by my feelings to use expressions 1 ought not
to have used, and which may be considered harsh.
I hav.' no desire to give offense to any man, but
1 cannot but speak warmly when I hear of the
action of public officers in speculating in cotton
and sugar, and making two or three million dol-
lars out ofsuch tranwaelions. I say there ought to
be an investigation into such matters. With the
expression of these views I resign the floor.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of privilege. 1 desire to present the credentials of
Lewis McIvenzie, Representative elect to this
House from the seventh congressional disLrict of
Virginia.
Mr.SHELLABARGEU. I move that the cre-
dentials be received, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
The following i,s a copy of the credentials:
A statement of the remit of the special election held in the
counties composing the seventh congressional district of
Virginia, on the 1 >>th day of January, in the year 186U, for
a Representative in the Thirty-Set enth Congress of the
United States, to fill u vacannj existing theicin
  .•
>
w •
£
<D
15 C.
- y
<
55
c ~
r Hi
Z ~
fe,"5
A
in
Result in Alcxnudua
county  
2*7
ut
35
30
Komi It in Fairfax
county 
SGI
3J
9
a
Total result 
or 7 i
~ :
215
71
39
a
Total number of votes ,"54
Mujoiity tor Lewis Mt lven/,ie     1:2
No returns have b«cn received fiom eight counties ; pre-
sume that no pons were opened in -aid eountip-.
Teste ; JEFFERSON TACJSY, Clerk,
State of Virginia, County of Alexandria, to wit:
I, Jefferson Tacey, cleik of the county court ior the
county of Alexandria, in the State of Virginia, do hereby
eeitify, that, ni accordance with an act passed by the Gen-
eral Assembly, at the city of Wheeling, Vngnua, on the
31st day of January, in the year 1862, entitled *;An aet
changing the manner of examining polls and certifying elec-
tions foi certain officers in this. Commonwealth," (acts of
Assembly, December, 186*2, eh. 44, s-cc. l,page 40,) and in
compliance with instructions received from hh* Excellency
Francis II. Peirpoint, Governor ot Viiginia,onthe 27thday
of January, in the year 1863, in the presence of Allen (,\
Harmon and John C. Clark, two freeholders, in the county
and State aforesaid, T have this day opened, examined, and
compared the leturns of the special election of a Repre-
sentative in the Thiity-Seventh Congress of the United
States from the seventh congressional district <>t Virginia,
held on the loth day of January. 1863, which have been
made to and recorded in my office, and of which the fore-
going statement is a ttue copy.
I therefore declare that Lewis McKeiizie has received
the greatest number of votes in the whole district afore?aid,
and is duly elected in the manner and form now prescribed
by law.
"in testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed my
name and affixed the seal of the county couit lor
[l. a.] tiie county and State aforesaid, on this the 28th
day of Jiuiuaiy, A. D. l^G-1
JEFFERSON TACEY, Clerk.
Ar.LEX C. IIARMON, > rn c t 11
J. C\ OI.ARK, I rwo
Hon. Lewis .McKenzie, Alexandria, Virginia*
NEGRO SOLDIERS—AGAIN.
Mr. LOVRJOY obtained tho floor.
Mr. STEVENS, i desire, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman, to modify still further my
amendment.
Mi*. LOVEJOY. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I modify my amendment by
striking; out the wordswhite and black," so that
the clause shall read, " to be officered by persons
appointed and commissioned," &c.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is one feature in the
proceedings of this Congress, and especially of
yesterday and to-day, which will arrest and fix
the attention not only of every member of this
House, but of the people of the entire country;
and that is, that while a fierce, unscrupulous, and
almost revolutionary organization known as the
DetnoeuUic party is threatening the Federal Gov-
ernment with violent resistance to a drnft for the
pui pose of reci ui ting an arm y for the Union, which
it may be neccssary to increase in order to sup-
press the rebellion and preserve the life of the
nation, the leaders in this House are persistently
and faetiously opposingevery proposed method of
obtaining soldiers from any other quarter. They
say you shall have no more recruits from the free
Slates, and also declare we shall not have them
from any other source; and the Democratic lead-
ers, and their political confrfiies of the border
States, give us to understand that if a single sol-
dier, black or white, is obtained to recruit our
decimated regiments, it shall be in spite of their
efforts here and at home. I put it to the candid
judgment of the House and of the country if that
is not the fact as evinced by the history of the last
two months, and especially as presented in die
record of the proceedings of this lJouse yesterday
and last night. We propose to send out our re-
cruiting officers through the loyal States,and these
rebel sympathizers, who arrogate to themselves
the leadership and name of Democracy, meet us
and say, "you shall not have a man." We turn
to the free colored man of African descent, and to
the slave held in the grasp of a rebel, and pro-
pose to ask and require him to help fight the battles
of the country, and to give him that freedom for
himself and family of which he never ought to
have been deprived, and these same rebel sympa-
thizers insist that shall not be done. The gentle-
man from Kentucky,in his place last night, in the
appropriate spirit of that despotism for the per-
petuity of which he pleads so vehemently, and
with avigorand animation which one would hardly
expect to chaiacteiize the efforts of one of his ad-
vanced years, said that he would eat and drink
and sleep, and, for aught I know, die on the floor
of the House father than allow this bill to pass.
And that is claimed to be Democracy—the De-
mocracy of to-day!
Now, Air. Speaker, 1 give the gentleman from
Kentucky credit for one thing, and that is for be-
ing consistent as well as persistent; for from the
very fitst outbreak of this rebellion, so far as f
have seen any manifestations of his purpose, he
has distinctly by his votes and speeches indicated
to the House that he preferred slavery to the coun-
try, and if one or the other must perish, slavery
or the Uniou, he proclaims by his conduct, more
