1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
Mr. BINGHAM moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
WILLIAM II. IIUBBELL.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar from the further consideration of a joint
resolution relative to the claim of William H.
Hubbell.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
CLERK OF TOE COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE. The gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter,] who is chairman of
theCommitteeon PtibheLands, has been detained
from the House by the dangerous illness of his
wife. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to submit a resolution in which he i« deeply in-
terested, and with which gentlemen on the other
side are familiar. It does merely an act of justice
to the clerk of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I hope there wiil be no objection to its adop-
tion.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That tlic Cleik of the [louse be instructed to
pay the eleik of the Committee on Public Lands from
Maich 1, 1882, to May 1, 1882.
The resolution was received and adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS asked and obtained leave to print
some renjdi ks. [His speech will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEVENS moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; and the motion was
then agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the Piesident of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Prwate Sccietai y, in-
formed the House that the President had I bus day
approved and signed bills and resolutions of the
follow! ng ti t les:
An act (H. R. No. 523) to promote the effi-
ciency of the corps of .engineers and of the ord-
nance department, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 226) to amend an act to es-
tablish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States, approved Febiuary 24,
1855;
An act (H. R. No. 468) to extend the charter
of the A iexandria and Washington Railroad Com-
pany, and for other put poses;
An act (Ii. R. No. 591) relating to habeas cor-
pus, and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases;
An act (H. R. No. 659) to ^provide ways and
means for the support of the Government;
An act (H. R. No. 731) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian depattment, and foi fulfilling Ueaty stipula-
tions with vaneus Indian tribes for the year end-
ing June 30, 1864;
An act (H. R No. 70S) making appropriations
for the naval sei vice for the year ending June 30,
1864;
An act (H. R. No. 435) for the relief of Susan
Dickson, widow of John Dickson, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 647) for the rehtf of the ad-
ministrator of Captain Richard Stevenson, de-
ceased ;
An act (H. R. No. 726) granting a pension to
Frances II. Plnmmer, widow of the late Brigadier
General Joseph B. Plummei, of the United States
A i m v;
An' act (H. R. No. Ill) for the relief of 0. B.
& Oliver S. Latham ;
An act (TI. R. No. 621) for the relief of Ben-
jamin T. Watson;
Joint n solution (II. R. No. 96) relative to the
claim of W. Maxwell Wood;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 63) providing for
the distribution of certain public books and doc-
uments;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 153) authorizing
the adjustment of the account of Z. B. Caveriy,
late secretary of legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change; and
An act (H. R. No. 169) for the relief of Kate
R. Gaither and others.
FOREIGN INTERVENTION.
The House, in pursuance of its order, then pro-
ceeded to ihe business upon the Speaker's table;
when the following bills and resolutions were
taken up, considered, and disposed of as indicated
below.
Concurrent resolutions of Congress* concern-
ing foreign intervention in the existing rebel-
lion.
The resolutions were read, as follows*
Whereas it appears from the diplomatic coires-pondenee
submitted to Congress lhat a proposition, fuemlly in form,
looking to pacification through loreicn mediation, has been
made to the United States hv the Emperor of the French
and promptly declined by the President; and whereas the
idea of mediation or intervention in some shape may be
regarded by foreign Govetmui nts as practicable, and such
Government1', through this misunderstanding, may bo ted
to proceedings tending to embalms the friendly ielation«
winch now exist between them and ib« United States; and
whereas, in ouler to remove tor the luture all chance of
miMimlei-.landing on tins subject, and to secure for the
United Stales the full enjoyment of that freedom from for-
eign niteijerence winch is one of the highest lights of in-
dependent States, it -eem^ fit that Confess should decline
its convictions Tin icon : Theiefore,
Rcsohcd. (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That while, m time* past, the United Stales have sought
and accepted the m'endly mediation oi arhitiation ol toi-
eign Powers foi the pacific adui^t mem oi international que*.-
lion*, where the United Slates weio (he paity of the one
part and f-ome oilin soveieign Powei the party ol the oilier
part: and while the\ aienot disposed to misconstrue tin*
natuinl and humane de^ne ot foteign Powetn to aid in ar-
resting domestic tiouhle.s, winch, widenimr m then influ-
ence, have afflicted oihei eountnes. especially m view of
the circumstance, deeply legieitcd b\ the Ameuean peo-
ple, that the blow aimed by the rebellion at the national
life has (alien heavily upon the laboring population of Eu-
lope; yet. notwithstanding the-e things. Conjricr-s cannot
he-itnte to icgai d everv piopo-Jtion ol foreign intei ference
in the piusent contest its so tat umea-onable and inadmis-
sible that ii- only explanation will he lound in a mKundei-
stnnding or the true state ot the question, and of the  eal
chaiaeter of tin- war in which the Republic i- engaged.
Revolt e<\ That the (Tuned Elates rue now ginpplinir with
an unpiovoked and w icked lebellion, which i-set-king the
do-tiuction of the Jt  public that it mav build a n< w Powei,
whose coinei-stone, accotdmg to the confession of its
chiefs, shall he slaveiy; that tor the ^uppi0-5^1011 of this
lebellion, and tliu-3 to save the Hepubl'c and to pievent the
establishment of ^nch a Powei, the national Government
is now employing armies and fleets iri lull faith that tin ouch
these dibits all the puiposesoi eonspuatorsand n'heK will
be cnished ; that while engaged in tins shusiirle, on which
so much depend^, any pioposinon iiom a loreiiru Powei,
whatevei tonn it may take, having lot its object the arrest
of the?e etlnits. i>, just in piopoition to its influence, an
en< ouragement to tin* lebellion and to Us decerned pnnci-
ple-, and, on this account, is calculaied to prolong and 1111-
bittei the conflict, to cause men as* d expenditun: oi blotul
and treasure, and to postpone the much de-ir< d day of peace;
that, will) these convictions, and not doubling thateveiv
such pioposjuon, although made with good intent, is in-
jurious 10 Hie national iiiteie-n~, Oon-rre^ will lie obliged
10 look upon any Anther attempt m the fame dueetion a-*
an unlriendly act, which u eanie-tiy depieeate-, to ihe end
th.it nothing may oci ur abioad to sin million the icb'-ilion
ot to weaken tho>e lelattuii-. ol good will with loicign I'ow-
ers which the United States aie happy to cultivate.
Resolved, That the rebellion liom its beuninnig, and far
back even m the eonspnncy which pieeeded its outbreak,
wa- encouraged by the hope of suppoi (I'loin foi eign i'nuch;
that Us chiefs hequeutiy boasted that the p'-ople of Em ope
weie so tar d<,pi,udcnt upon u-gular supplies oi tin* lzr <it
m)uthe 1 n staple 1 hat sooner <n latu the 11 (rovornnn nt \\ oilkl
be cotisji amed to take side with the 1 ehel lion ni some effect-
ive form, even 10 the extent of foicible intet vent ion, it the
milder form did not ptevail; that lie' u In Ihon la now -us.
tamed by tin-- hope.which ev< ly pfopo.-nion of lotoign 111-
terlerence quickens anew, and thai without this |itc- iving
support it must soon yield to the jus* and patei nal ainhm-
ity ot the national Gov< rutrient; thai. coiifiderunr thcsf
tilings which aie aggia\ated i>y ihe motive of tin rc«M
ance thus cik-oulaired, the Cint/'d State- regiet that !or
I cum Pov\ eis have notnankl) told the duels of the jebel-
j lion lhat the woik m which thev an- engaged e: hnteitil.
and tliat a new Govei iiment. such ;i-> they st ek t<"> found,
1 with slavery a* it- „eknouiedijed cornel one, and with
' no <ithei declared object of seputafe < Msti nee, ih sr> f.u
'•hockin? to civilization and the mmal si'nse ot mankind
that it iiui-t not e.xpeet welcome 01 lecognitiou in the eom-
monwealth of nations
IlaoUctl, Thai the United St ite*. ^onJldei't in the ju-ncc
of their cause, winch is the pause ah-ool j^ood irovt uiment
and ot human 1 ights e\er> whcie atunittr men ; anxious fbj
the speedy icstoiation of pea< e. which -ball se< um- tranquil-
lity at home and icniove all occasion ot complaint abioad ,
and awaiting with weli-a^uied tnist the (inal ^uppre.-sion
of the lebellion, through wlin'h all these tilings, rescued
fiom piosent <laiiiier. will bo seemed loievei, and the Re-
public. one and liidivisible, triumphant over its enemies,
will continue to stand an example to mankind. h"rehv an-
nounce, as then iinaltewablc puipn^". thai the war w.ll b"
viiroioiisly pioseeuted, aecordins to the humane principles
of'Chustfan States, until the rebellion shall he suppress.-d ;
and tliev levercntlv invoke upon then cause the blessings
of Ahmght\ God.
Resolved* That the President be requested to tiansmit a
copy of these resolutions, through the Secretary Of State,
to ihe ministers of the United States in foreign countries,
Unit tho declaration and protest hereip get forth may be
communicated by them to the Governments to which they
are accrcdited.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon concurring in the resolutions. -
Mr. MALLORY. Will not the gentleman let
the resolutions go to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and allow them to be considered there?
It would be but courtesy.
Mr. VALLANEMGJHAM. I would be glad to
Imve the gentleman withdraw for such a motion.
Let us have a few grains of wheat in a bushel of
chaff.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I move to lay the
resolutions upon the table; and upon that I call the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
ihe negative—yeas 29, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Calvert, Critten-
den, Dunlap, Glider, llaidnig, Johnson, Kerugan, Knapp,
Lazear, Mallory, May, Menzies, Noble, Norton, Nugen,
Pendleton, Perry, Price, llobiiHOn,Shiei, Stiles, Vallandig:-
hatti, Voorhees. VVadsworth, Waid, CJiilttfn A. White, and
Wood—'29.
NA Vri—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baily, Baker, Baxter, iieaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel Blair, Blake, Bridges, William G. Brown, Buf-
fintniij Campbell,Casey, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Coukling, Ro?coe Coukiing, Conway, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fen-
ton, S;nnu'-I C. i''es.sendon, Thomas A. D. Fessenden.
Fianchot, Fiank, Gooch. Goodwin, Gurlcy, Harrison,
Hooper, [Jortou. lltnclnus, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg. William Kelloiiu, Lcury, Lehman, Loonu&>,Low,
Mclndoe, IWeKean, Mcl'her^on. Mar^ton, Maynard, Mitch-
ell, Moothead, Anson P. Mori ill, Juatin S. Monill, Nixon,
Olin, Patton, Timoth\ G. i'iieip.s, J'ike, I'omeroy, Alexan
der II. Rice. John II. Rice, Edvvaid II. Itoilinp, Sargent,
^ciigwick. ^hfftiefd, vSherman, Stevens, Benjamin P.
Thomas, Fmneis Thomas, Tiam, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Verree, Walker,
Wallace, Washbmne, Webster, Wilson, Windom, Wor-
cester, and Wright—92.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions on
the table.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the mmn question ordered to be put.
Mr. ROiSCOE CONKLlNGdemanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the lesolutions.
The yoas ami nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afThmative—yeas 103, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baily, Bakei, Baxtei, Bingham, Jacob B Blair, HamuelS,
Blan, Blake, BiuUrcs, WilliamG Biow n,Butfinton, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chambeilani, Clrnk, Clements, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conkliug, Roseoe Conkling, Conwav, Covode,
Cinh r, Dawes. Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Sam-
uel C. Fcssenden, Thomas'A. D Fesscnden, Fisher, Flan-
ders, Fianchot. Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gtamier, Gurley,
llaight, Hale, ilatrison, Hoiton, Hutclnns,.luiian, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogu, Le.uy, J.ehman,
Loomis, Low, iMclndoe, MeKean, Mc iCnight, AlcPiicr-on,
Maiston, fllaynanl, Mitchell. Moorhead, Ans-on P.Morrill,
Jti-tin Hi Moiiill, \ixon, Olin, Patton,TunoihvG Phelps,
Pike, Pomeiov, Poitei, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Edward II. Rollins. Sargent, Sedcvvick, Shanks, Sheflield,
Shellahaigei, Sloan, Smith, Sp.iulding, Stevens, Straiton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, l^iancis Thomas, 'Pram, Tumble,
Tiow bndsrc, Van Vulkenbuigh. Van Wyck, Veriee, Walk-
ei, Wall.iec, Washburiie, Webster. Wlieelei, Albert S.
White, Wilson. Windom, Worcestei, and Wngiit—103.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Calvert, Crit-
tenden. Dunlap, Grider, Johnson, Kcniifan, Knapp, La-
zear. Malloiy, May, Noble, Noiton, Nugen, Pendleton,
Perrj , Pi ice, Uobuisou, Sluel, Miles, Vallandigham, Voor-
hec-, Wadswoith, Waid, Chilton A. White, Wickhfle, and
Yeaman—28.
So the ^solutions were passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the tesolutions were passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
T>F;KT)S T\ WASHINGTON.
An act (I-I. R. No. 599) relating to the valid-
ity of deeds on public squares and iots in the city
of Washington, leturned from the Senate with
amendments.
The amendments were to strike outail after the
wok! " that," m line one, to the woid "in," in
line two, and insert " no deed or conveyance here-
tofore made;" in line six, to strike out 4< valid"
and insert invalid;" in the same line, to strike
out all after the word " law,"down to and includ-
ing the woid " acknowledged, '* and insert "for
the want of acknowledgment;" so that the bill
will read:
That no deed or conveyance heretofoie made, in puisu
ance of law, of squaies or lots of public land in the city q!
