1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they are to continue to be subjected ? I trust that
it will never be submitted to. Lot us.demand thai
every man who fights for our c.ause shall be treated
as a soldier, no waiter whether his skin be white
or black, whether he be a freeman or a slave. That
is one reason why I am willing to pass this bill in
the form desired by the President of the United
Stales, so that he shall have no embarrassment
when colored men are enlisted as soldiers, and the
other side undertake to treat them contrary to the
usages of war, then should they shoot down the
black soldiers, we will make white traitors answer
in blood for blood.
1 am obliged to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman has spoken
so well that I would not have complained if he had
used all of my time.
Mr. Speaker, I wanted to put one more ques-
tion to the gentleman from Kentucky; but I have
been less successful with him than Balaam was
with the dumb animal he bestrode, [Laughter.]
1 desired to ask him a particular question, inas-
much as he insisted, in God's name, that if the
white men could not fight these rebels, if they
could not suppress this rebellion, we should not
degrade ourselves so far as to make an appeal to
the negro to help us twenty million men to con-
quereightmillion. Very good, sir. Suppose these
twenty million men, without employing black
soldiers, could bring the war to a close, reinstate
the Constitution in ail of its glory and power, and
secure to the Government every rood of territory
within the limits of the United States, let me ask
him whether if, by enlisting these blacks, wc could
save fifiy thousand or one hundred thousand
white loyal men, he would sacrifice that number
of white men rather than enlist the negroes? Will
the gentleman answer th.at question '
1 know the gentleman hasclaimed that the loyal
slaveholder should not be required to relinquish
his slaves forthe benefit of the Government, i de-
pite to know whether the wife, mother, or daugh-
ter, who surrenders husband, son, or brother, has
a less sacred right than ihe slaveholdei has to the
property which he claims in human beings ? They
inust surrender brother, son, and husband, for the
safety of the country; and shall not these slave-
holders relinquish their stolen slaves? That is the
justice <>f the pro-slavery leaders of the Democ-
racy. And let me say a word here for fear of being
misunderstood. I expect to be misrepresented.
No, sir; i should he mistaken were I to allude that
way to the whole Democracy. In what I said of
the Democracy I did not refer to that portion of
the loyal heart which is heaving all over the Union.
I did not refer to the honest masses of the Dem-
ocratic party. If they had si*n the cloven foot
manifested by the Democratic leaders in this
House, and m different portions of the country,
they would never have given them a seat here.
Governor Seymour would not have been elected
Governor of New Yoik. The people know them
jiow.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We will try it next
fall.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Try it whenever you please,
and with this record before them we shall be suc-
cessful. I would have given §1,000 for it fit the
last election. They played the hypocrite. We
knew that the leaders were in sympathy with the
secessionists, but it did not manifest itself. The
emancipation policy of the President brought it
out. Last year the gentleman from Kentucky
eulogized the President. He almost put him on
a niche by the side of Washington. We have
not heard one word of eulogy of the President
from that gentleman at this session. The. anti-
slavery policy of the President has operated upon
these rebel sympathizers like Ithurial's spear,
which brought Lucifer in full size from the dis-
guise of an ugly toad. The President touched the
pro-slavery Democracy with his diamond-pointed
proclamation,and out pops the secesh monster full
grown. [Laughter.]
In refeit'nce to this general matter, I desire to
allude to a statement of Captain Woodhull made
a few days ago in this House in the presence of
my friend from Massachusetts. He says he has
twenty-six negroes on his vessel, the Cnnerone;
that they man and work the guns, and are among
the best sailors and best fighters he has on board
of his ship.
Mr. IvELLEY. Will the gentleman allow me
|0 cite another instance here ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will soon, lie says they
stood a hot and deadly fire for five hours without
flinching:. He also referred to the history of South
America, and mentioned several places where the
blacks had proved to be the best soldiers in the
field and actually saved the fortunes of the day.
And everybody knows who knows anything of
history that similar numerous instances exist m
the history of this and other nations.
Gentlemen say that this is a novel measure,
but it is not, even in reference to our own country,
and much less is it novel in the history of other
nations. The world is full of instances to justify
the course we propose to take.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to mention that Commo-
dore Du Pont wrote ["Object!" "Object!5']
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 hope the objection
will be withdrawn.
The objection was not withdrawn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will also state a fact which
I have from the mouth of Colonel Bemd; and I
mention, m order that it may not be supposed
that he was biased and warped by previous views,
that he was a Democrat, that he and 1 have fought
political battles together in Illinois, ho upon the
Democratic and 1 upon the Republican side. He
stated to me that those negroes who went with
htm to destroy certain salt-works in Florida, of
which mention has been made in the papers,
fought bravely, and that although when they were
first organized there was considerable dissatisfac-
tion among the white soldiers, yet after they had
fought so gallantly, the soldiers were not only
willing but anxious that black men should be en-
listed to fight this rebellion.
I wish to refer to one more case of this charac-
ter, connected with this " infamous Mr. Butler,99
a man than whom no one now stands higher in
the estimation of his countrymen. [A Voice.
Among your loyal countrymen.j I own no one
as countryman of mine who is not loyal. I do
not expect, of course, lhat he will stand high in
the hearts of rebels and of rebel .sympathizers;
among them, I expect ho will be called u infa-
mous. 99 And what did he do ' He did nothing
but revivify a military organization of black men,
that existf d before, I know not for how long. And
here id the rub: you may fight negroes upon the
side of reljeklom, in companies, regiments, and
bngades, to your heart's content, and it is all
ngfit; but the moment you interpose, and take
these loyal heaits and stout muscles, with the
powers of endurance they possess, their aptitude
foi dirvciphne, and ready obedience to ouh-r^—for
they .xetpuie discipline and drill with remarkable
facility—the moment we propose to employ them
upon the side of the Constitution and the Union,
we hear this rebtlatiuu, that would drowathat of
a pack of stai ving wolves hovering upon the heels
of a traveler among l he Alpine snows.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN addressed the House for
an hour in opposition to the general policy of
the bill. [His lemarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. HtJTCHINS. Mr. Speaker, I insist that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Chittenden]
has not answered, and has not attempted to an-
swer, the argument winch my question suggested.
His argument was that it was wiong to take the
slaves, because it deprived the master of their ser-
vices. The lav/ makes no distinction. The Con-
stitution makes no distinction. They are persons
owing service or labor in both instances. The
fugitive si we clause of the Constitution, as it is
sometimes called, which is often referred to to
show the property lelations of slaves says, no
person shall be held to seivice or labor," &c.
Mr. WUIGHT. Let me move that the House
do now adjourn. This debate cannot b«. closed
to-day. There are several gentlemen who pro-
pose to sneak on it.
Mr. HUTCEUNS. I prefer to go on now. 1
will occupy but a few moments' time.
Now, the master is entitled M the service of his
appientn-e by virtue of statute law; the parent is
entitled to the service of ins child by statute law;
the master is entitled to the service of his slave
by statute law. What is the gentleman'sonswer
to that? Simply that the appientice and the son
can be taken, because they are not property, but
are fiee citizens, and not slaves. That is no an-
swer to the argument. The Attorney General of
th*  Unued States, in an abi? and if?l!\porate opin-
ion recently published, maintainstitat native-born
colored persons are citizens, -in this he is
If we can take as soldiers minor apprentices and
minor sons, we have the same right to take &lavp«,
for they are either persons or property, If they
are persons, we are entitled to their services\to
save the Government; and the fact that they arp
or are not citizens does not change the right of Ute
Government to their services as subjects, unless
they owe allegiance to a foreign Government. Jf
colored persons are property, we may use th%t
property to put down this rebellion. The bill
under consideration does not limit the use of col-
ored persons to slaves; and a large proportion of
them will not be slaves.
But I will not multiply tire argument. I say
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] with all his assumption,'with all his age
and ability, failed to answer the argument which
my question presented to him.
General Hunter has been referred to, and his ex-
periments in the arming of these soldiers have been
referred to as a failure. I have a little testimony
upon that point which \ wish to commend to the
consideration of the House. 1 sought an inter-
view with General Hunter soon after his return
from Hilton Head, at the time he was relieved
from !us command there. I had heard rumors
that his negio regiment in South Carolina was a
failure, and I wanted to asceitain the truth from
his own lips, for t knew him to be a patriot, an
honest and an honorable man. whose character
was without stain. General Hunter told me in
Willard's Hotel—and the conversation was not
private—that his attempt to arm negro regiments
in South Carolina was a complete success; that
their aptitude for drill and learning military move-
ments'was equal to that of any white soldiers he
ever saw in his life. He said the only reason
they were disbanded was because the Government
at tk\t time did not see fit to indorse his policy;
that that was the reason, and the only rftason.
Now he has returned to South Carolina armed
with authority to employ in the service of the Uni-
ted States these colored men. The Government
has changed us policy upon that point; and while
at HiltonTlead last fall 1 had a conversation with
the lamented,eloquent, and patriotic. General Mit-
chell, who laid down his life upon the altar of his
country. He agreed with General Hunter in opin-
ion that they made good and efficient soldiers, and
said that if the Government would sanction that
policy, he could raise and arm in South Carolina,
Florida, and Georgia a force which, within three
or four months, would restore those States to loy-
alty, to the Constitution and the laws, and rescue
them from the hands of traitors.
The idea of using colored men as soldiers is no
new idea. Facts have been referred to in this dis-
cussion, and i have a few more with which every
student of American history is familiar, furnished
by southern men of revolutionary days—men who
were not anti-slavery men, nor abolitionists in
the sense that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] speaks of. The first. I have is the
testimony of Hon. Henry Laurens, ofSouth Car-
olina, in a letter he wrote to Washington, under
date of March Hi, 1779. I ask my conservative
friends upon the other side of the House, who are
so alarmed at the idea of employing negro slaves
to defend this Republic, and lescue it from the
dominion of traitors, to consider this southern test-
imony. I refer first to what Hon. Henry Lau-
rens, of South Carolina, said on this subject. In
a letter dated March Jb\ 1779, written to General
Washington, he uses the following language:
Had wo arms for tlirc thousand futh black men as f
could s-elect in Carolina, f should have no doubi of Micces*
in drtvjn;; tin- l'nti-di out of Georgia, and subduing Ea*t
Fiorina bs'tore the end ot July.''
James Madison, in a letter which he wrote to
Joseph Jom-Ron the 20th of November, 1780, uses
this forcible language:
'• Would u n- t be as well to liberate and make soldiers
at once ot toe blacks themselves-, a> to make taem instru-
ments of enlisting \\ lute r-oldiero .J K would emamly be
more consonant with the principled oi liberf}, which ought
never to be tost M ht of in a conies lot hbeity ; and. With
white officer-, and a majority "f while soldier, no imagin-
able tUn«er rould be feared from theniM-lve-., as there cer-
tainly could be none from the effect oi the example on those
who should remain in bondage.*'
Further along: down in history, two years later,
that fine and gallant patriutand soldier of the Rev-
olution, General Nathaniel Greene, upon this very
