1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
lowed, and is still allowed, on the sale of these
goods, which, there is much reason' to fear, has
been divided between the marshal and auctioneer.
The same course was attempted in Massachusetts,
until a case arose in which acargo worth $1 50,000,
consisting mostly of coffee, was sold, for which
a commission of $3,750 was charged. Upon tax-
ing the costs, the district attorney called the at-
tention of Judge Sprague to the fact, and the judge
struck his pen through the first figure, leaving a
commission of $750. The matter was referred
to take testimony, and it was upon that reference
proved that in the district of Massachusetts it had
been the practice, under former marshals, for the
marshal to allow to the auctioneer a commission
of two and a half per cent, upon all sales of Gov-
ernment property, which was divided between the
marshal and the auctioneer.
In reference to the requirement that there shall
be advertisement in the most public manner of
the goods to be sold, I will state an instance in
New York, which may be taken as a sample,
where a valuable cargo was sold upon an ad vei-
tisement which I have here,containing: no ultima-
tion whether the cargo was worth $10,000 or
$100,000,containing no reference to the character
even of the goods to be sold, and which appealed
in an obscure corner of a paper not in the habit
of publishing the advertisements of auctioneers,
and being only six lines of fine print. In this
manner this prize property has been sacrificed in
the most wicked and outrageous manner at these
auction sales
icuoii oaico.
We have provided in this section, as I have
stated, for the punishment of persons engaged hi
such combinations or frauds in future.
Section four provides that the third section of
the act of March, 1862, alio wins: the court to tax
the costs of " counsel for captors," shall be
amended so as only to allow costs in cases when.'
the captors and Government have conflicting in-
terests, which may arise in case of question as to
whether the captmed vessel was of superior or
inferior force to the capturing vessel. If supei ioi,
then the entire proceeds go to the captors, and
nothing to the Government. If inferior, then the
proceeds are divided between the captors and the
Government. Now, in the first instance, it is
proper that the captois should have counsel sepa-
rate from those employed {or the Government,
and that ihey should be paid. The practice has
been, in one distuct to winch my attention is now
called, that the Secretary of the Navy has d< sig-
naled one person to appear as counsel in some
one hundred and t went v-fiv<-cases. The counsel
for the cantors has already taxed over #12,000
costs in forty-four cases, and there aie eighty-
one otheis, which, at the same rale, would pro-
duce $20,000 mote. This is an enormous abuse,
and should be slopped.
In such a case where the question as to the com-
parative force of (he capturing and captured ves-
sels exists, it is proper for the captois to have
counsel, and in such a ease that they should be
heard. Heretofore in cases where counsel have
been employed, a necessity may have existed toi
it, ai ising from the great number and importance
of these eases, and'the costs allowed have been
very liberal, a i the rate of '10,000 or mo re a yem .
That is a sum which no lawyei, however distin-
guished in his profession, can earn in a case
where the distuct attorney is bound to appear for
the Government, and no counsel is necessary ex-
cept in a conflict between the Government and
captors, which is piovided for.
I have, in answer to a resolution of the House,
received executive document No. 73. 1 am sorry
it has only this evening come to the House. I
have marked some cases of costs allowed to coun-
sel for the captors. I will read the costs allowed
in the first five reported cases at New Yoik:
u In tlx* Lizzie Weston, $962; Edward Harnard. $493;
Agnes II. Ward, $475; til'' Sh.uk, $2ul ; the on, $122 "
And this may possibly account fur some of the
opposition which has bee n foimmg against this
bill, for the last two days, in this Chamber. The
only opposition found anywhere has been found
amongst those interested in this matter of costs.
Sir, it has been said that this bill was passed
hastily in the Senate, and that it was not well
considered; that it is an ill-digested bill; that the
attention of the proper authorities has not been
called to it. i call the attention of the House to
the fact that three bills were furnished to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs from the city of New
York, in each ol" which were careful provisions
for the paymentofcosts to the counsel for captors,
and in one for the restoration of the old fee bill
of the Supreme Court, repealed in 1853. I have
no objections to the lawyers protecting them-
selves fairly, but I do object to their robbing the
sailors. Another bill was prepared here by Mr,
Walking, a clerk in the Navy Department. An-
other by myself. Amendments were proposed to
this bill in committee; and a new bill was pre-
pared from all those which I have mentioned,
with the assistance and counsel of Mr. Dana, dis-
trict attorney of Massachusetts, as able and intel-
ligent a lawyer as can be found anywhere, and
of great experience in prize cases. He prepared,
substantially, the bill which is now before the
House. It was revised by Mr. Evarts, and dis-
cussed in the House committee. Of all the bills
brought before the committee this is the result.
It has been stated thatuwassurreptitiouslypnssed.
Now, sir, it was passed after free explanation,
section by section, by Mr. Grimes, of the Senate
committee. It was, to be sure, passed without
opposition, after the clear and forcible statement
of the Senator from Iowa.
This is said to be an ill-digested bill. I say that
it will save at least one halt of the costs ot pio-
ceedings in prize cases if administered with rea-
sonable honesty. The fifth section provides that
one of the prize commissioners shall he appointed
from retired officers in the Navy, to be approved
by the Secretary, and it limits the compensation
to $3,000 annually. This is done to give confi-
dence to Jack—as he has none in lawyers, or land
shaiks, as he irreverently terms them—that his
rights will be taken care of m disposing of the
property. . ^
The sixth section is in relation to witnesses tecs.
It is a provision for convenience. It provides that
when the com t shall allow fees to any witness in
a prize cause, and the court has no money subject
to its oider in the cause, the same shall be paid
by the marshal ps in the case ot witnesses in causes
in which the United States is a party, and shall
be repaid from any money deposited to the order
of the court in snitl cause.
Section seven provides that appeals shall be to
the Supreme Court of the United States diiectly,
and l)e brought m thirty days, unless the time is
extended by the court for cause. It provides,
also, that appeals may be claimed whenever the
amount in controversy exceeds $2,000, and in
other eases on ihe certificate ol the district juds^e
that the adjudication involves a question of diffi-
culty and general importance. I his saves delay
in the circuit, and is not objectionable on pim-
ciple. It gives neutrals a light to the opinion of
our highest com t, mid proceedings in pi ize causes
should be rare and summary. Experience has
shown that in these prize causes at least that the
best course to take to save delay is to appeal di-
rectly to the Supreme Court.
If restitution is awarded, the claimants have a
right to damages, and in the mean time, while the
court is dehberatinftjon the ease for a couple of
years, the property pet ishes and the Government
loses it. There is no objection in principle to
this section, and U is a great saving in point of
time.
Now, if any gentleman desires to ask any ques-
tions, I shall be very happy to answer them.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I want to support bis bill if
I can. I want to know whether the Government
has removed those marshals in Boston and New
York, or does it intend to remove them?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Thatdoes not concern the
passage of the bill.
Mr'. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. As this is
a very important bill, I wish to say merely that
having had occasion at the last session to prepaie
a bill upon this subject, and my attention having
been drawn to this bill, I have examined it with
some care, and it seems to me admirably adapted
to accomplish the object for which it was de-
signed—that is, to prevent the proceeds of these
prizes from being all absorbed on their way from
the capture to the hands of the sailors.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman.
Objection was made.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I call the yeas and
nays upon ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. WOOD demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. S. C. Fessenden
and Mr. Sedgwick were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—■
ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
"So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth ol
those present voting in favor thereof.)
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AlUriell, Ailcv, Arnold, A&hley, Bab-
hilt. Daily. Bilker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S
Blair, make. Buffiuton, Campbell, Casey, Chamber lam
Claik Collin, Fieilcuek A. Colliding, Ros-coc Conkling
Dunn! E,lg«-non, Eliot, Biwlish, Fenton, Franchot, Urau
£!(m Gurli'v, Ualin, Hale, Hooper, Hutelims, Jiilinu, Kclley
Fi.meis W Kelloae, Leniy, Lehman, Loonns, Low, Me-
Indoe, JleKean, MeKm«ht, JIePlier„on, Maynard,.Mitch-
ell, Moorhe.ul, An-on P. Mr.mll, Jus-tin b. Morrill. Glin,
Pattern, Timothy G. Phelps. Pike, Pomeroy, Porter Alex
ander II. Iliee, Haigent, Sedgwick, Shanks, bhemeld, oliel-
latmrcer.Sheiman, Sloan, Steven.-, Benjamin F llioiiioe,
Francis Thomas Train, Trimble, Tl0\vlirld?e, Van Valk-
enburali, Van Wvck, Veirre, Walltei,Wallace,Wa«hburne,
Webster, Albert S. White, Wilson, Wnulom, Woodruff,
Wo!e<"-trr, and Wi i llt—81. ,,T,
NAYS—Messrs William J. Allen, Aiicona, Riddle, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Calveit, Clements Crittenden, Cutler,
Samuel C. Fe-senden, Thomas A. D. Fessi'iulcn, loukc,
Gridcr, IIai«ht, Hall, llaidin", Hanson, llorton. Johnson,
Kerrisan,Law, Lascar, Mallory. May, Morris, Nixon, No-
ble, Norton, Nu en, Pendleton, John S Phelps 1 ucc, Itob-
m-on, James S. Kollin-. Sega,, Sl.lel, William & Mefle,
Stiles, Valiandigliam, Wadswortii, Ward, Wood, and Yta-
man—42.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the thiid time.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The entjiossed bill was read.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seeonded.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, ealled the yeas and
nays upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays weie 01 dried.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Mo-srs Alilu.cli, Alley, Arnold,.Ashley, Babbitt,
B.vk'-r, Baxter. Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S Blair, Blake,
BulFmmn, Campbell. Casey, CUambeilain, Claik, Cohiix,
Frederick A. Conkling, Ro^eoe Conking, Covode, D.uvcs,
Delano, Diven, Dunn, Etlgmon, Eliot, I-Vnton, Fianeliot,
Gooeh, Grange!, Gnrle>, Ilaim, flairison, Hoopo, Hiitdl-
ms, Julian, Keiiey, Tianeia W. Kello2< , Le;n v, Lehman,
Looim>,Low, MeJndoo, iWeKe.in. WeKmglu, IVIcPhn.-on,
Mayn.ud. Moorlie.id. An-on P. Momli, JiMm s Mouil ,
Moirn, OWn, Patton, TimothvG Phelps. Pike, I ortei, Al-
exander 11 iliee. Edward 11. Rolling Saigent, boilpvick,
Shank-. ShetlieU, Shellabai?er, Shei man, Spauldmg, £te-
vent, Fmtiei- Thoma-, Train, Ti imblc, Tiowbi ui e, Vim
Horn, Van Valkenbur h, Van Wyek. Verree, Walker. Wa -
lnee,\Vabhbnrne,Albeit rf.White,Wilson,Window,W oud-
1 ufl\ and Woices-tei—82.
NAYS—Mi'ssm William Allen, William .T. Allen, An-
cona, Calveit, Clements, Cravens, Crittenden, Cutlei, Dcl-
apl.une, Dnnlap, Thomas A. I). Fe^euden, Fouke, Gndur,
Hall, Uat iing, K<ti igau, Law, Lazear, May, Mcuzios,
Motrin Nixon, Noble, Norton, Nngen, Pendleton, Pcny,
John S. Phelp-s Puce, James S. ltoliin.>, Segar, bluel,
William G. Steele, Stile?, ValiandigUam, Wadsvvoitb^
Wood, Wri bt, and Veaman—39.
So the main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the follow-
in titles-, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (Ii. R.JNo. 615) to protect the liens upon
vessels in certain cases, and for other purposes;
and
An act (H. R. No. 678) to enable the district
courts of the United States to issue executions and
other final process in ccrtain cases.
THANKS TO TIIE SPEAKER.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a question of
privilege. I offer the following resolution, and
upon it call the previous question:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be, and are here-
by. tendered to the Hon. Galvsha A. Grow for the able,
unpai tial. and courteous manner m which lie baa discharged
the duties of Speaker duungthe present Congress.
The previous question was seconded, and the
