1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M arch 8,
quncH that these scenes shall notb'e repeated here
as they have once before occurred. Tl\o gentle-
man from Maryland soems to think and believe,
and indeed he pledges himself, that scenes of this
kind shall not again occur on the part of the gen-
tleman from New York;and, under all thecircum*
stances, I think it as well to withdraw the motion,
which i do.
CHARLES V. ANDERSON.
Mr. BLAIR., of Virginia, asked unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds a biU(S. No. 518)
for the relief of Charles P. Anderson.
Objection was made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, moved to suspend the
rules, and called for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr. FENTON, from the special committee on
Government contracts, made a report; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK asked and obtained leave
to present the views of the minority.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I demand that the re-
port be presented now.
Mr. VAN WYCK. presented the views of the
minority of the committee; which was laid on the
table,find ordered to be printed.
Mr.VAN WYCIC asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion providing for the printing of ten thousand
copies of his report for the use of the House.
Objection was made.
NORTH JOHN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ALDRICIJ. I am insti ucted by the select
committee on the Pacific railroad to report back
the Semite bill relating to the construction of a
northern Pacific railroad with sun dry amendments,
and ask that it may be put upon its passage now.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was t^ken, and the rules were not
suspended.
HOUR OF MORNING MEETING.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that we cannot
separate to-ni«*ht until the Senate send us back the
civil appropriation bill; and 1 propose that when
we do take a recess it be to meet at ten o'clock in
the morning. The civil bill must be sent to a com-
mittee of conference before we separate. I there-
fore ask unanimous consent that when the House
takes a iect'ss it be to meet at ten o'clock to-mor-
row morning.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
VOLUNTKKKS IN MUXICAN WAR.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Military Allans, repoited back a bill to provide
for the payment of certain volunteer companies in
the war between the United States and Mexico,
and in various Indian wars; which was refered to
it Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Cnlcudai, and ordered to be printed.
POTOMAC WATER-WORKS.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, report-
ed b:\elv from the Committee for the District of
Columbia the {Senate bill amendatory to the act
to provide for the care and preservation of the
Washington water-works, and asked that it be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Air. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote by
which the lull was. passed; and also moved to lay
the nnuion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WAGON ROAD IN MICIHGAN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. J ask unani-
mous consent to report back fioni the Committee
on Public Lands a bill (II. R. No. G79) gunning
lands to the State of Michigan for the construction
of a wagon road for postal and military purposes.
Objection was made.
Mt. KELLOGG, of Michigan, moved to sus-
pend 'he ruhs.
The rules were not suspended.
SALARIES OF EXPELLED MEMBERS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution;
Resolved, That all the salary due and unpaid to the mem-
bers of the Thhty Seventh Congiess, and who have been
expelled from this House for disloyalty, be paid outof the
contingent fund of t!u< House to their respective success-
or in said Congress who have been in actual attendance
during the second and third se&sions thereof.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. KNAPP called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 32; as follows: *
YRA8—Messis. Aldrieh, Alley, A-Oiley, Baker, Bcaman,
Hingham. Samuel S. Blair, JBiitfinton, Campbell, Ca-ev,
Coiiuv, Dnvi-s Diven, Dunlap, Dunn, liliot, Ely, Kn^lish,
Fenton, Samuel C. Fe—enden, Thomas A. D- Fer-.-enden,
FVher. Flandow, Franc hot, Goodwin. Il.ihn, Haight, Hale,
Halt, lloopei, Hoirun, IJutchin-, Julian, Francis YV. Kel
leg'*, William Kellogg. Low, MciCcan. Mel'herson, May-
nard, Menzie>, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson P. MontII, Ju—
tin S. Moirill, ftoiton, Nugen, Patton, Peity, Timoiity G.
Pheip-j. Pike, Pomoroy. Pure, Alexander U Rice, John H.
Rice, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollm-, Saujent,
Shank'-, Shellabaiger, Sherman, Stevens, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Tram, Tiowbi ulye, Van Horn, Vcrree, Walker,
VValhioe, Wa^hlmtne, Wheeler, Albert S.White, Wilson,
Windoni, and Veainan—"4.
NA YS—William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Diddle, Make, Calvert, ('lark, Fiedorielc A Conk-
ling, tto-eoe Oonkliitt', Crisfield, Frank,Grunset, Ilarrl-on,
John-on, Kerrig:ni, Knapp, Leaiy, fjoomw, Nixon, Pendle-
ton, Robinson, Sheffield, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Stratum, Francis- Thomas;, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster.
YVickUtle, and Woodiufl—32.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the resolution introduced.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied.
Mr. JOEINSON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays, and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
BOORKK KVKIt'S E M PLOYES.
Mr. WALL ACE, of Pennsylvania, asked unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution:
Revolved, That so much of the resolution of the House
of ITi'i May, 1S58, as leduoes the toice employed by the
l)onrk< op< rot thi-Houm-durin« iho recess of Congress be,
ami the same i> heieby, repealed.
Mr. JOHNSON objected.
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania, moved to
suspend the i ules.
The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rales were not sus-
pended.
f RELEASE OF PENALTIES.
Mr. TRAIN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table joint
resolution of the i louse (No. 115) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to release certain penal-
ties, with an amendment of the Senate thereto.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, objected.
Mr. TRAIN moved to suspend the rules.
On suspending the rules, fourteen members
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. TRAIN called for tellers.
Telleis were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended.
GKOUCJK W. JOHNSTON'. *
Mr. HALE asked the unanimous consent of the
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House on the Piivnte Calendar from the further
consideration of bill of the House (No. 696) for
the relief of Geoige W. Johnston, and that the
same be put upon its passage.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING objected. ^
Mr. HALE moved a suspension of the lules.
The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
TESTIMONIAL TO MAJOR ANDERSON.
Mr. WHALEY asked the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committer of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the resolution of the House rela-
tive to the acknowledgment of the gallant services
of Major Anderson in the defense of Fort Sum-
ter.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, objected.
Mr. WHALEY moved a suspension of the
rules.
The question was taken; and (only twenty-eight
members voting in the affirmative) the rules were
not suspended.
ERIE AND ONTARIO CANAL.
Mr. VAN HORN, from the select committee
on that subject, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to construct a ship canal for the passage of
armed and naval vessels between Lake Erie and
Lake Ontario; which was load a first and second
time, refetred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
EFFICIENCY OF TIIE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, having leave to report at any time,
reported baek withoutamendment bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 543) to amend ihe act entitled " An act
to further promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
approved December 21, 1861, and for other pur-
poses.
The bill was read.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved the previous quest ion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CREW OF TIIE MONITOR.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported back joint resolution of the Senate (No.
130) to compensate the crewof the United Slates
steamer Monitor for clothing and other propeity
lost in the public sei vice; upon which he demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OF TIIE HOUSE.
Mr.jVIENZIES asked unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Elections a bill to
regulate the duties of the Clerk of the House of
Representatives in preparing for the organization
of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I object. I do not see but
they have authority enough now, if they would
act upon it.
Mr. MENZIES. I move to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there weio—ayes 51,
noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. MENZIES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
98, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieli, William Allen, William J Al-
len, Alley, Ashley, R.ulj, linker, Baxter, Btddle, Jacob B.
Wan,. Blake. Willi.im G Biown, Buffmton, Caiven, ClatU,
Clements-. Cobb, Coll;i.\, Fredmek A Conkhng, Cri-fieid,
Davse-, Delano, Diven, Dutila|), Uunn, Eliot. Elv . English,
Fenton.Thomas? A. i> Pe-'emieii, Fi-het, Fl,unlet-,Fiank,
Gtauger, fl.ilHi, Hatch!, Hale, Hull, Iloopc-i, llim-lnns
John-on, Relies, Fianei< W. K lo<rff, Knapp. Lazear,
|j« ary. Lehman. Looun.-. Low, Mclndoe, Ah I'lier-on,
Mar-ion, Menzie-, Mitchell. An-ou P. Moiri'l. Ju tin
Mom i. Morn-,. \o um. Ximni, PaUom, IYndl'-Um. Perry,
Timothy G Pheip-. I'ike. Poineruy, Poitei, John tl Riee,
Ko!>iii-oii. Edwaul II Rollni-', lament. Sed^'w lei^Shef-
field. Shtdlabatjjer. ShieL Smith, John l . Steele. \\ iljiam
G. Steele. Stile-., Ueiiiamm F. Thoma-. 'I hoina--.
Tram, Vailniuli^iinm.V.iii limn,Van W\ek, Wnre '.W.ids-
w>i!h. Waul, W«.-hbuine, Web-tm, VVh«ih-j, (.1 I'ton A.
White, VViekhfVe, VVil-nn, Wnidom, Wood. Woodruff,
Woree-tei, VVnp:l]t, and Yeainati— 9!>.
NWS—Mivr>. lieaman. I'oiigiium, Samuel B!an,
Uo--c'oe Conklm#. Goodwin, llonon. Julian. WiMnm Kel-
loifir. Mavmiid. ISJcjoiheiui. Nivon. Noble, Olm, Mieruiau,
Sti,iu«>n, Tiovvhjidge, and W.illaee—19.
So (two thirds voting in favoi thereof) the rules
wete suspendod.
The bill was accordingly reported, and read a
first and second time.
