THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
considered; and it was ordered to a third reading, j
read the third time, and passed.
WATSON FREEMAN.
Mr. CLARK. The same committee, to whom
was referred House bill No. 401), to provide for
the payment of the expenses incurred by the mar-
shal of Boston for the repairs to the United States
court-house, have had that matter under consid-
eration, and instructed me to report it back, and
recommend that it pass; and, as the bill appro-
priates only $281 4*2, and is for necessary repairs,
with an accompanying hill of items, I ask that it
may.be taken up now and considered.
There being no objection, the bill (II. R. No.
409) to provide for the payment of expenses in-
curred by the marshal of Boston for repairs to the
United States court-house, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Watson Freeman, late United States
marshal for the district of Massachusetts, the sum
of &281 43, in full satisfaction of his claim for ex-
penses incurred by him in repairs to the United
States court-house in Boston.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. 13R0WNI NG presented the credentials of
Hon. William A. IticiHRDsoy, elected a Sena-
tor by the Legislature of the State of Illinois, to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon.
Stephen A. Douglas.
The credentials were rend, and the oath pre-
scribed by law was administered to Mr. Ricii-
akdsox; and he took his seat in the Senate.
AMttiKT BROWN.
Mr. HALE. I w/ish the Senate would indulge
me by taking up the bill for the relief of Albert
Hi own. I think, when they hear it read, they
will pass u.
The motion was agreed to; and (he bill (S. No.
475) for the relief of Albert f'rown was tend a
second time, and considered an in Coimvint.ee of
tin; Whole It provides for the payment to Albei t
Brown,of Kingston, New Hampshire, of $14,100
in full payment for one hundred army wagons
manufactured by him under a contract made with
Morris S. Miller, quartermaster United States
Army, dated July 1, 1861, and duly delivered to
, the order of the Quartermaster General, August
i:i, m\.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading. It was read the third tmu\
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 .should like to be in-
formed, before the bill is passed, why it was that
that man's account was not settled by the depart-
ment. What was the trouble about it ?
Mr. IIAL&. 1 wish the member of the com-
mittee who reported the bill would state the facts
to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. lit) WE. The repoi t of the Committee on
Claims, from which this bill conies, lias been
punted, and lias, I suppose, been laid upon the
desks of Senators. The Quartermaster General
refused to pay for these wagons, unon the alle-
gation that they were worthless. That was the
only reason that he assigned for not paying for
them, it may be thought that that was a good
reason, but the committee thought that it was not
a good reason, and tusides, tkev thought it was
not true upon the evidence. They thought it was
not a good reason even if it had been true, because
. the contract under which the wagons were made
provided that they should be inspected as they
were being constructed by an officer or a.«rent of
the quartermaster's department, and that they
should not be painted after they had been put up
until f hey had been fully inspected; and that when
they had been fully completed and inspected, they
should be shipped to such point as might be d<-
icHed bythe Quartermaster General, and bills
of lading or railroad receipts taken upon the ship-
ment, and that the taking of such receipts or bills
of lading should be a delivery of the wagons; and
these bt ing: forwarded to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral should be the evidence upon which payment
should be made. An agent was appointed for the
inspection of the wagons. lie did inspect them,
and he certified that they were completed in ac-
cordance with the specifications of the contract.
They were shipped upon the order of the Quar-
termaster General himself, and consigned to an
officer of thequai termaster's department stationed
at Perryville. They were received there; and
when received there, the officer of the department
in charge there reported" to the Quartermaster
General that they were worthless, were not satis-
factory; he made two different repoits; and there-
upon the Quartermaster General declined to pay
for them. The committee were of opinion that
it was too late for the Government to object to the
sufficiency of the wagons after the maker had
shipped them from Kingston, in New Hampshire,
to Perry vi lie, in Alary land, and thus passed them
outof his hands. Besides that, there was a great
deal of evidence presented to the committee to
establish the fact that the wagons were very good.
There was not only the certificate of the agent
appointed by the quartermaster's department to
inspect them, but there were certificates from
other wagon builders, unu in Boston, and some
othet s in New Hampshire; and there w< v certif-
icates or affidavits from those who gold the lum-
ber which went into these wagons; and there was
a certificate from the Portland Iron Works, tf I
remember the title of the company, or the agent
of the company in Portland, that sold the axles;
and he certifies that the maker, Mr. Brown, paid
two dollars a set higher for Ins axles than he of-
fered him other axles, and good ones, of the same
kind for, but made of common iion, because he
was determined to have the best aiticle. The
committee were entirely satisfied that the wagons
really were good. The weight of evidence was
decidedly m favor of that position Theiewas
nothing, no evidence against the character of the
wagons except the certificate ofacaptain, I think,
of the quai termaster'h department statiomd at
Perryvilie. lie gave two certificates, which were
I vei y coniradictoi y; they were not consistent with
| each other.
i The Lull was passed.
I PRINTING OK THE MESSAGE AND DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed bythe Com-
mittee on Punting, to whom was refened «i joint
resolution (S. No. 323) to expedite the pi intinir of
the President's mess.lire and accompanying doc-
uments, to report it back with amendments. I
am also requested to ask for its piesent comsidei-
ation.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that there shall annually be printed for
the use of ih > two Houses of Con^rt ss such num-
bers of e< pieN of the President's message and ac-
companying documents as each House may le-
spectively ordir, and that it shall be the duty of
the sevetal heads of Departments to furnish to the
Superintendent of Public Printing, on or before
the 1st of Novetnbei in each yeai,all the doc-
uments design d to accompany their several re-
ports, and the Superintendent is to cause them to
be printed prior to the ni«'etin<r of Congress; and
within ten days after the reception of the message
of the President and the repoits of the heads of
Departments to cause bound copies of the mes-
sage and reports and accompanying documents
to be delivered to both Houses of Congress.
The amendments were in hue tluee, to strike
out the \v ord 4{ such''and insert " usualand in
line five, after the word ii documents," to insert
a«ueh additional number;" ho as to make the
i i clause read:
-I That there «h;itl annually t o printed for the ir" of tin; two
! (loii-ii'Mti Conjjre-v, the u-ual numbi-i of eopinr-of the Pie--
I idem*** mc-age ; nd the aoeoinpanj hijjdoeumeuN, ant) sueh
i additional numh<r ;e> <.<ich Uou-e ma\ ie-pecuvi ly older.
i The amendments were agreed to.
| Mr. ANTHONY. I move further to amend the
! joint resolution by inserting after the clause requir-
;! ing bound copies to be delivered to Congress with-
,! in ten days after its meeting, the words "or as
'' soon thereafter as may be."
j The amendment was agreed to.
II Mr. ANTIIONY. Mr. President, as this joint
' resolution proposes an important change in the
:j mode of printing the President's message and the
;, accompanying documents, I desire to explain it, so
I' thatSenatois may understand whatthey are \ oting
\\ upon. At present we do not get the "President's
!j message and accompanying documents, as we all
i! know, until the middle of the session, until it is too
late for us to take any advantage of the recommen (-
ations made m the icports of the heady of Depart-
ments, or to understand the statistics and facts by
which they are enforced. This resolution pro-
poses that the reports shall be nnule up to the 1st
of November instead of the 1st of December as at
present,and that they shall be delivered to the Su-
perintendent of Public Punting in advance of the
meeting of Congress, and that within tun days
after the meeting, or as soon thereafter as may be,
the bound volumes shall be placed^ upon the desks
of Senators and members. It will be necessary, if
this joint resolution passes, that at each session
of Congress each House shall fix m advance the
number of extra copies of the message and docu-
ments that it may desire to have printed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments weie concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
giossed for a third reading; was read the third
time, and passtd.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That all documents heretofoie ordered to be
printed and allotted to, but not taken away b\, Senators
fioin Suue- that have omitted to be repi e- en ted in tUo Sen-
ate, be diftnlmted ainon<j Senator attending.
EXPANSES or \VAIt COMMITTEE.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 127) to amend the joint resolution for the
payment of the expenses of the joint committee
of Congress, appointed to inquire into the con-
duct of the war;" which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. WADE. I only wish to say that this is
an exact copy of a resolution passed by the Sen-
ate at the last session for the purpose of perfect-
ing the resolution of January 27,186:2. That res-
olution has been lost somehow between the two
Hous< s, and I thought the quickest way to rem-
edy the matter would be to pass it ov< r again.
The original resolution was thought to both fect-
ive bythe accounting officers. As this is an ex-
act copy of the resolution passed at the last session,
I suppose there will be no objection to it, and I
ask lor its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolut ion. It duects that any poi lion of
the amount appropriated by the joint resolution for
payment of the expenses of the joint committee of
Congress, appointed to inquire into the conduct of
the war, approved Januaiy 27, 18G2, that may
have been or shall hereafter be allowed by the
committee to witnesses attending before it, or to
persons employed m its service for per diem,
traveling, or other necessary expenses, and paid
by the Secietary of the Senate in pursuance ofthe
oider ofthe committee, shall be nccoidingly cred-
ited and allowed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department.
The joint u solution was reported to the Senate
without amendment: ordeied to be engrossed for a
third reading; was read the third time, and passed.
PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. HARRIS. I design at an early day to
ask the Senate to consider the bill to establish pro-
). visional governments which was before the Sen-
ji ate at the last session. I have prepared some
j! amendment* to that bill which I intend t.j submit
j when the bill shall be before the Senate, and I ask
j! that they bo printed.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
!j made if there be no objection. The Chair hears
<! none.
1| SHIP OF WAR FOR JAPANESE GOVERNMENT,
j: Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
j1 resolution; which was considered by unanimous
j; consent, and agi"ed to:
!j Resolved, That the President ni'tiie United State*be re-
: quested to eoimmmiL.ue u> the Senate whether or notany
; eonnms-jonei. representative, o  a<?ent of the I Jin ted States
^ has received from the Japan"-*; fiovvinlimit, or from any
agent thereof. any sum oi money to he used and expended
j [ m the construction of a sdnp oi >lnp* oi war; and if so. who
jt was that comuii-^ioner, I'-pie-enuuivo. <)t .urent of tin - Gov-
jj ornment. how much money he H-eeivi d. mto whose hand-
j; did he deport it. ui who-e hand- or under u !io-*e c«mtiol
,i in u now. and what deposition is piopo$*d to Ne made of iu
