THE C0NGEESSI0NA1 GLOBE.
IM
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. <1
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session*.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 31, 1863.
Ntw Series No/3S.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That thete be printed for the use of the Senate
one thousand extra copies of the loiters of the [Ion. Edwin
M. Stanton, Secretary of War, and L. C. Turner. Judge
* Advocate, communicated to th6 Senate January 5,1803, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 22(1 December,
1862, asking information in lelation to citizen* nncsted by
authority oftlie Secretary of War and the condition oftheir
release.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge,Us Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (II.
It. No. 561) in relation to commissioned officers
of the United States revenue set vice.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an*
enrolled bill (li. R. No. 520) for the relief of Sen-
eca G. Simmons; and it was thereupon signed by
the Vice President.
TRANSPORTS FOR TIIE BANKS EXPEDITION.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone nil prior or-
ders, and that the Senate procecd to the consider-
ation of the resolution that was undet discussion
when the morning hour expired yesterday, relat-
ing to the vessels for the Banks expedition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no further
morning business, the resolution alluded to by the
Senator from New Hampshire is now before the
Senate in its order, as the unfinished business of
the morning hour of yesterday; and on thatques-
tion the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] is
entitled to the floor.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution:
RaoUcil, That Commodore Van Burnt, of the Navy, and
Charles II. flaswell, an engtneei bv profession, in tin* su-
pel viMon and outfit of the traifpoi t fleet lor General Bankb's
expedition, were guilty of negligence in d^ehatge ot the
duties assigned them,and that the commissions extorted by
Mr. T. J. Southard wete in express violation of the agree-
ment made and stipulated by him, and ought at once to be
refunded to the Government.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I was pro-
ceeding to address the Senate, when this resolu-
tion was before it yesterday, upon a supposition
wbirli 1 find proves to be enoneous. 1 was not
aware that the resolution had been so amended as
to strike out the name of Commodore Vanderbilt,
which was an implied censure upon his conduct
in the management of the expedition so far as it
fell to him, which it seemed to me was not quite
warranted by the facts repotted. Finding upon
examination this morning that the resolution has
been amended in that particular, his name being
stricken out, I have nothing to say with reference
to the conduct of Mr. Vanderbilt. In regaid to
the balance of the resolution, I do not feel that it
ia not a just inference from the facts reported by
the committee, and of course I have no opposition
to offer to the resolution in that respect. Theic-
fore, sir, I forego what I should otherwise have
had occasion to say.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to hear what the Sen-
ator from Maine has to say on this subject, on
which lie proposed to address the Senate yester-
day, I shall move to reinsert, if it is susceptible
of being done, the name of Mr. Vanderbilt.
Mr. HALE. Let me suggest to my friend
from Iowa that he can answer all his purpose by
moving to add it after we pass on these two. It
is clear, ill the opinion of the Senate, the commit-
tee, and everybody else, that these two ought to
be censured.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Maine does not propose to pioceed with Ills
remarks in regard to Commodore Vanderbilt, I
will take up a little time in showing what I be-
lieve to be his connection with this transaction,
and wherein I think that he of all the men con-
nected with it was the most censurable.
I do not know that any good will be aceom-
39
plished by passing this resolution, and I do not
know that I have any very great partiality for the
resolution itself. Before I get through I shall pro-
pose an amendment, by way of substitute for the
-whole resolution, which will be practical in its
character.
It seems to me, from a thorough review of all
the testimony, that if there beany man connected
with this transaction who was u more sinned
against than sinning," it was Commodore Van
Brunt, whose name is included in the resolution.
What are the facts m connection with the par-
ties included in tins resolution? Mr. President,
itappeais from the testimony of CommodoieVun-
derbilt that the Secretary of War sent for him to
come here from New York to have a conference
with hint in regard to getting up this expedition.
The first error committed, and for which I think
Commodore Vanderbilt is inagood degree censur-
able, was Ins reco-mmcnding the Secretary of War
to charter vessels without having any thorough in-
vestigation of them as to their hulls or machinery,
or their adaptation for the specific purpose for
which they were to be chartered. It is true that
he assigned to the Secretin y of War a tcason why
this need not bo done—namely, that all vessels
were inspected by the agents of the Government,
appointed through the Treasury Department, once
in twelve months, and thatthe certificates of those
officers ought to be sufficient. But it is welt known
that those certificates of the inspectors of hulls
and machinery arc given so as to allow those ves-
sels to perfoi m a specific kind of duty. Some are
inspected and passed as being worthy, fit only to
navigate the inland waters of the counti y, while it
is well known to those inspectors that they are ut-
terly insufficient to go outside of the land-locked
bays and sounds along the coast to navigate the
Atlantic ocean; and, as my fiiend from Vermont
suggests, if they could go out, they would answer
very little purpose in shore. Hence it was that
the War Department, a year ago,and everybody
else connected with the transportation business,
believed that it was necessary that there should
be a specific and particular in\cstigaiion of all the
vessels that should be used in this kind of busi-
ness by authoritative and responsible agents de-
tailed by the President of the United States from
the corps of Navy officers. I will read from the
testimony of Mr. Vanderbilt, at page &3 of the re-
port, to show what connections he had with this
very important subject of inspection:
"At tins interview with the Secretary of War, he «aid,
1 I will have Hie inspectors nppointcd to inspect the vessel*
of this expedition.' I Mini, * That is of no use, Mr. Stan-
ton. iulon'tappearto he of anykind of useatall.' 'Why:'
said he. I said, ' Congtes" has alieady parsed a law that
eveiy vessel that clears nom .1 custom hou->e have her
inspector's papet j. Thete ato tivo inspectors ; one foi Iter
machine!y and the other for the sea-wot tinner of the ves-
sel, fitness for a voyage, &e.; and these papers have to be
renewed eveiy twelve months,01 eKe she cannot clcarany
enstom-houve. is not that inspection enough lot theGov-
ei anient lor this expedition ?' "
It may have been that each one of the vessels
that were chartered had the proper inspection pa-
pers; but who knows what may have occurred to
the vessel between the date of her inspection pa-
pers and the time when she was employed by the
Government to go upon this expedition? She
may have been upon a bar. She may have had
liei back broken. She may have boon entirely
d-sabled. Yet there might not have been any evi-
dence of that fact to any person except to those
who thoroughly investigated her condition.
The second error, 1 think, committed by Com-
modore Vanderbilt was that hS alone of all those
connected with chartering the vessel* knew of the
destination of the expedition, and yet, knowing
it, he chartered vessels that were only constructed
for inside navigation, and were wholly unfit for
outside navigation. Is there any controversy about
that? As to the fact that he alone knew it, he so
testifies himself; and Senators, it they will refer
to page 23, will sec that lie said, speaking of the
Secretary of War:
" Said he, 'This is a secret expedition, and no'one else
is to know it but us throe.' Says I,' No one will know ii
from me; I wUl ass«r« you that.' "
JNTow, as to the fact that these vessels were in*
competent for outside navigation, we have the tes-
timony of an abundance of witnesses. Captain
Taylor, who was u marine inspector apd editor
of the American Lloyd's Register of Shipping,
testifies:
" Question, I understood you to say that vessels of the
ela*s of the Jersey Blue were unfit for outside navigation f
"Answer. There may be eircum>taiices under which a
vchrt'l of tiiat kind might go outside, but they are very rare.
" Question. Is it, or not, the fact that a vessel might gp
safely as tar as the capes of the Delaware or Chesapeake,
and >et he wholly untit to go hevond (.-ape Ilatteras/
"Answer. Yov, str. A vessel might leave here this morn-
ing and have a very favotable time, and get along as far as
the Delawaie, but it is very seldom they can proceed fur-
ther or go as lai a-? Capo Hattera*. I seldom have, known
it to happen that thov get p.t>i Cape Ilaueras without a gale
or boistcious weather."
Commodore Van Hiunt testifies—see page 58 of
the report:
" Question. If you had know n wii  re the expedition was
going, and the selection of the vewcld had been left to you,
were then: many of these voxels lhaiyou would refuse to
have einplojeci to go on this exuedition i
"./Jrwirer. Yes, sn ; I would not have taken any of these
small piopellers ot river steamer-:. I had frequent conver-
sation* \wth Commodore Vanderbilt, and told him tt I had
the (.election of those vessels I would piefcr tine first-class
sailing bhip^ it we could not get i^t-ciays steamers."
Mr. Uaswcll also testifies to the same effect:
" Question. Were these ^earners all fit for the purpose
for winch they were used—-for an expedition a* far as tlio
cape& ot the Delaware?
"Answer. Ye-*, sir.
<• Question. Weie they all fit for an expedition beyond
Cape Unttcras?
" Answer. Under favorable circumstances they were.
" Question. Under lvery favorable circumstances ?'
"Answer Ye*, sir.
" Quezon. What do you mean by the term ' very favor-
able circumstancesthat they should not be overloaded,
and that they should not meet with severe weather?
" Answer. Ycf-, hir; and that they should be so (skillfully
navigated as to take advantage of lulls between blows and
ot Mnooih weather."
Can there be any doubt of the impropriety of
chartering many of these vessels? If so, who ia
responsible for it, if Commodore Vanderbilt is not?
Here is the testimony of these veiy expertsand
men of science, whom it is proposed to censure
in the resolution undct consideration, who testify
that if they had known the character of the expe-
dition, if they had known its destination, they
would have entered their solemn protest against
these vessels being employed by the Government;
and yet it is proposed to strike out the name of
the man who did know where theexpedition waif
going, and censure these men who did not know
anything about it. Of course, in so far as they
were ignorant of that destination, they are wholly
blumele&s.
A thiid error of Commodore Vanderbilt, for
which I think he was in agreat degree censurable,
was for chattering the steamboat Niagara with-
out seeing her, according to his testimony, with-
out knowingabout her,according to his own state-
ment. Richardson, her owner, testifies that Van-
dei b111 chartered her upon the recommendation of
Captain Lal'evie. I beg Senators to refer to the
testimony of ltichardson, as recorded on pages*
76 and 77 of the report:
"Question. Upon what representations did he take her?
"Answer Learning that Commodore Vanderbilt was
chartering voxels that character tor this Banks expedi-
tion. I applied to him and made known that I had this. boat,
lie immediately sent a man he had in his employ—a rap-
tain of old experience 
"Question. What is ln< name?
4iAmn.er. Lnfevre, I think, su,
" Question. The piesent commander of the' North Star?
"Answer. I don't know, fair. My recollection is that
his name was Lalevie. lie. went with me on board her.
The object was to asceitrun her general character an<J ea-
pneiiy for carrying tioop-j. He crammed herwitft me and
reported to Commodore Vanderbilt. f saw the Conine
<iote again, peihaps a day or two aitei that- She \v: k til* A
umh'igonig rep.urs. lie made a pioposjuon a*, to puce,
whieh \va-> S-GUO a day, the risks ami re<pon&il>ihtie« to Iw
borne by myself entirely, the expori&e of cicwto bv m-
cmrod by me, the expense of sleeping and board nig gcnfii •
al'y the ofheei- of the legirnentto be borne by myseit; ill-
deed. all the expenses to be borne by mjself. I sugge*ltwi
to Commodore Vanderbilt that the pi ice he was paying to
other boats was iarsrer, in proportion, than 'te had ofleretl
me. The matter was then left open as to prfce, it being
agreed that the Niagara should receive a price proportion-
ate to the number of troops sbo took on board, eocnpart'4
