1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill providesthat in making up the roll pre-
paratory to the organization of the next and each
succeeding Congress, the Clerk of the House shall
only place upon it the names of such persons as
it shall clearly appear have been elected according
to the laws of their respective States, or according
to the laws of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit me to offer a proviso that nothing contained
in this act shall authorize the Clerk to put upon
such roll the name of any person from a State in
rebellion against the United States.
Mr. MENZ1ES. 1 decline to yield for that
purpose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and bring engrossed, it was accord-
ing read the third time,and passed.
-.Mr. MENZIES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House of
the concurrence by the Senate m the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate (No. 355) for increasing the revenue by the
reservation and sale of town sites on the public
lands.
The message furtherannounced that the Senate
had passed a bill (No. 523) to enable the people
of Colorado Territory to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of said
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the Senate
had passed the civil appropriation bill, with sun-
dry amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Mr. STEVENS moved a non-concurrence in
all the amendments of the Senate, and that a com-
mittee of conference be asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
thereupon appointed Messrs. Stevens, Buffin-
ton, and Aldrich as such committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House.
RECESS.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that it will not be
proper to adjourn until morning until the House
shall have acted upon the report of this commit-
tee of conference; and if the House will take a
recess for an hour, I presume that by that time
the committee wil! be ready to report.
By unanimous consent (at ten minutes before
two o'clock, a. m.) the House took a recess for
one hour.
At the expiration of the hour, the House was
again called to order.
RELEASE OF PENALTIES.'
Mr. SEDGWICK. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, the House will proceed to the consideration
of the business on the Speaker's table.
Objection was made.
Mr. SEDGWICK, i move that the rules be
suspended, in order that the House may go to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. VALLANOIGHAM. There are two bills
upon the Speaker's table we have no inclination
to see passed, and do not expect to have passed.
If those be referred to some committee, we have
no objection to going to business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I withdraw my motion for
the suspension of the rules, and move to take up
from the Speaker's table the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution of the House (No.
115) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
release certain penalties.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated.
On a division of the House, there were—ayes
68, noes 3; no quoium voting.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Holman and
Wilson were appointed.
The question was again put; and" the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 3; still no quorum voting.
Mr. SARGENT moved that there he a call of
the House, but subsequently withdrew the mo-
tion.
Mr. TRAIN demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Baily, Baxter, Beamnn, Biddle.
Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, Buf-
finton, Casey, Clark, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conklmg, Roscoe Conkiing, Cravens, Ci infield, Dawes,
Diven, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Samuel C Fes-
senden,Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fisher. Flanders Frank,
Gooch, Granger. Gridcr, fJaitn, Hall, llorton, Hutehins,
Kolley,Fianeis W. Koflog", William Kellogg, Leaty, Leh-
man, Low, iMcICean, MePherson, Menzies, Mitchell,
Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noble, Norton, Ohn,
Patton, Perry, Timothy G Phelps. Pike, Porter. James S.
Rollins, Sargent. Sedgwick, Shank*, Sheffield. Shellabar-
ger, Shcrmim, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiauon, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Van
Horn, Van Valkenburgh. Van VVyek, Verrer,Wo'k«*r,Wal-
lace, Webster, Albeit S. White, VVindom, and Wiight—83.
NAYS—'Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Hairisoti, Holman,
Johnson, Knapji, Moult., Nugen, Pendleton, Stiles, Val-
landiglmm, and WiUoh—12.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
The amendment of the Senate, which was in
the nature of a substitute, was then read.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate, and on that
motion demanded the previous question.
The previous qjestion was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
M r. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined bills
and resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 355) for increasing the revenue
by reservation and sale of town sites on public
lands;
An act (H. R. No. 738) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Idaho;
Joint resolution (S. No. 130) to compensate the
crew of the United States steamer Monitor for
clothing and other property lost in the public ser-
vice;
Joint resolution (S. No. 123) to expedite the
printing of the President's message and accom-
panying documents;
An act (S. No. 545) to amend an net entitled
4< An act to further promote the efficiency of the
Navy," appioved December 21, 1861, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 544) to provide for the collec-
tion of abandoned property, and for the preven-
tion of frauds in insurrectionary districts within
the United States;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) respecting the
compensation of the judges, &c., under the treaty
with Great Britain, and other persons employed
in the suppression of the slave tiade; and
An act (S. No. 577) further to regulate pro-
ceedings in prize cases, and to amend various acts
of Congress in relation theieto.
ALVIN HAWKINS AND C. L. GRAFFLIN.
Mr. MAYNARD. - I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk he authorized and dnected to
pay out of the contingent fund to Alvin Hawkins and C.
L. Grafflin, claimants of seat?. m this Hoi^e, whose claim."
have been adve^ely decided, milu;ige and ^alaiy from the
dates ot their election up to the adveise decisions respect-
ively.
Objection mas made.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN JOHN JIULLAN.
Mr. OLiN. i ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Bperet.ny of War ho directed to fur-
m>h to the Hour-e of Representative*, tor the u-e of the
members ot the present flou-e, the repoit and maps of Cap-
tain John Mullan, United States Army, while engaged in
the construction of a military load from Fort Walla-Walla,
on the Columbia river, to Fort Boston, on the Missouri
river.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. , . ,
Mr. F. A. CONKLlN(jr. I would like to know
whether these maps have been engraved and thi,
work already published.
Mr. OLIN. The maps have notbeen engraved,
and the work has not been published. The pur"
pose of my resolution is that the reportand maps
shall be ordered to be published. They are pre-
pared for publication, and ought to be published
by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object lo it.
Mr. OLIN moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing the resolution.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
AIR-LINE RAILWAY.
Mr. FENTON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report a bill to provide
for the construction of a national military and
postal railway from the city of Washington to the
city of New York, with an accompanying report,
in order, merely, that they may be printed.
Mi. PERRY. I object.
Mr. FENTON. 1 have no intention of calling
the bill up at this session for the action of the
House. 1 merely desire that the bill and report
shall be ordered to be printed, and lie upon the
table. I move that the rules be suspended in or«
der that I may have that privilege, and on that
motion I demand the yeas aod nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the
rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of certain petiuoftu and
memorials referred to it, and they were laid upon
the table.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the Committee
on Patents was also discharged from sundry pe-
titions and memorials referred to it, which were
also laid upon the table.
MRS. TURNER.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, f ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a reso-
lution to compensate Mrs. Turner for the eman-
cipation of her slaves.
Objection was made.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland, moved to sus-
pend the rules.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
PEACE.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of D. Sher-
wood, and others, in favor of a national armis-
tice and peace; which was laid upon the table.
EDWARD TIPPETT.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back joint resolution to confirm
the adverse decision of the Courtof Claims iu the
case of Ed ward Tippett; which received us three
readings, and was passed.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALVIN HAWKINS AND C. L. GRAFFLIN.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish to make an appeal to
the House in behalf of the resolution introduced
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] a short time since. If there ever were two
meritorious claims ptosented before the Com-
mittee of Elections, they are the claims of C. L.
Grafflin and Alvin Hawkins.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the resolution include
the name of Legrand Byington, of Iowa 2
Mr. DAWES. It does not. It includes only
the two names I have mentioned.
Mr. F. A. CONKLiNG. Will the gentleman
state wherein the great merit of these claims con-
sists ?
'Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I desire to say
that the case of C. L. Grafflm is one of very pe-
culiar character. Mr. Grafiiin was a candidate for
Cungiess in good faith, in accordance with the
proclamation of the Governor of Virginia. He
received a large majority of the votes cast in his
vicinity. At the time of the canvass he was a
major in the volunteer service, and had distin-
guished himself in that capacity. He lias been
