1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
twice wounded in the service of his country. Re-
ceiving a majority of the votes of his fellow-citi-
zons, he never for a moment conceived that the
Governorof Virginia had not taken every precau-
tion to make the election valid. Grafflm resigned
his position in the Army, and since the day of
election has been deprived of an income of twenty-
two or twenty-three hundred dollars a year. I
think there are peculiarities in that case which
distinguish it from the ordinary cases which have
been presented during this Congress. Grafflin is
a neighbor of mine, and supposed that he was
elected to represent his district, which is on the
south side of the Potomac, while I represent a dis-
trict on the north side.
Mr. DAWES. The time allowed is very short
—only from the period of the alleged election. It
was the. 5th of January in the case ofGraffiin, and
the 29th of December in the case of Hawkins, who
resides in Tennessee. Hawkins received nineteen
hundred votes. One reason why the committee
reported against him was because the election was
held without any formality at all; but on another
occasion, when there was a voluntary election,
there were many thousands of votes cast for him;
and if there could have been any evidence pro-
duced which could be relied on he would have
been admitted.
Mr. MAYNARD.. The people of the ninth
district ofTennessee, which lies between the Ten-
nessee river and the Mississippi river, desiring to
be represented in Congress, assembled in conven-
tion early in December, and decided upon holding
an election on the 13ih of that month. They
nominated as a candidate Hawkins, the present
claimant, a gentleman, L maybe permitted to say,
of very high character in i lint pen tion of our State.
Previous, however, to the day of election, Gov-
ernor Johnson, as Governor of the State, issued
a proclamation for hohiingnn election on the 20th
of that month. Notwithstanding that proclama-
tion, winch was but imperfectly circulated upon
that side of the river, tin1 people of eight counties
assembled on the 13th of'the month, and voted for
Hawkins, giving him a very large vole; his com-
petitoi lecemng but a very small vole, though for-
merly a candidate for Congress against a former
member. Thateleetion, however, was not pressed,
although it was held in eight of the nine counties
composing the district. On the 29th of the month
the raid of Forrest prevented the election bring
held in Rome of the counties; and, in some wheie
the election was held, pievented the letui ns being-
mad. ; so that lie appeared here with t eturns fi om
four only of the counties, with some tsvo thousand
votes. The people, hosvevei, believed the election
valid", they knew it. was fair, they knew it was
held in <j:oo d faith, they desired to bet epresented,
and they sent Hawkins here for that puipose.
He came hen) m good faith, and he expected to
hi* admitted, especially alter the decision in the
Louisiana cases.
We passed n resolution last session in the ease
of two claimants fi om Pennsylvania, and in the
case of i\li. Se<rar, of Vug una, who was not admit-
ted upon his fit st applicnIi« n. This resoluHon is
copied woid for woi d from that, and I .submit that
the case Irom Tennessee js as meiUoiious a case
as that, as is also the one from Harper's Ferry.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. 1 would ask thegen-
tleman fiom Tennessee whether the repoitofthe
Committee of Elections has been made upon both
or either of these cases?
Mi. DAWKS, I would say they are made and
printed, and the gentleman has them among his
documents.
Mr. F. A. CONKLiNG. Inasmuch as these
reports are nuuie, I ask to have them read.
Mr. DAWKS. Is the resolution before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. F A. CONKLING. I shall object if the
reports ,'irc n<>f tend.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 offer th<* resolution.
The lesohiUnn was read, as follows;
Resolved^ Thai the Clerk be authorised and directed to
pay out of ilu- commgffnt fund to Alvtu Hawkins and C.
L. GuiiHau ''luiiimut- to ^eat> i:t tin- Jlou-e, who-o chains
Lav* heeti advei-e!y decided, mileage and iiumtne
date ot tin n ulte^-d  leonou^ up to tin- date- ot sue ii adver&C
decu^Kni^. ic-peclively
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Reserving my right
to object to the reception of tin- resolution, 1 ask
for the reading of the reports of the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. MAYNARD. A friend has handed me
another resolution, and I will offer it in iieu of
the one just read.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House bo authorized
and directed to payout of the contingent fund to Alvm
Hawkins, of Tennessee, and C. L. GrafHm, of Virginia,
tiic usual mileage and compensation, tfie first from the29tli
of December la^t, and the other ttom the 5th day of Janu-
aiy last, at which times they respectively claim to have
been elected.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing that resolution.
Mr. TRAIN. I desire to suggest that in the
mean tune, while a vote is being taken on a sus-
pension of the rules, the gentleman from New
York, who has not yet had an opportunity to
read these reports, and who has never had an
opportunity yet to read anything, but insists upon
everything being read by the Clerk, shall spend
his time m reading the reports. I am tired of
this eternal asking the Clerk to read.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. It is a matter of
peifcct indifference to me whether the gentleman
is tired or not. I have the same rights upon this
floor which any representative of the people has.
L have not asked for that gentleman's criticism,
and I do not want it. Now I call for the reading
of the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what right the gentleman has to call for the read-
ing of a leport upon a motion to suspend the rules
to mtioduce a lesolution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to allow me to offer an
amendment to the iesolution; or I ask htm to in-
sert the name <if Legrand Byington, of Iowa.
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot.
Mr. DAW ES demanded the yeas and nays upon
the motion to suspend the mles.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—y<as 83, nays 12; as follows:
YKArt—A-hle\s Daily, Hakei, |5e;una , Biddte,
Bingham.s.mmel S Hlaw, Blake, William (J. Biown, Btif-
tinlon, Ca-ev, Ciaik, Clement!*, Cobb, Colfax, Fiodenek
A Conktuiijj Ko^oe ConMina:,Ciaven>, CiMiefd, Dawe*-,
Diven, Dunn, P.hot. Ely, Knclis-h, Feiiton,Samuel C. Fe--
sendeii, Thomas A. I) Fes-enden. l'Vhei, n.aiders, Frank,
Gooch, CtaiiL'ei, Gndei, Jlahn, Hall, lloiton. Uutelmu-,
Kelley, Fiann- \V. Krllogy, William Kcllojic. Leuiy, Leh-
man, Low, Mt'Ki'.in, MclMu r-on, IMenzie^,Mitchell,Mooi-
he.ul, Jusiin S MoniU.Nixon, Nohlr, Norton. Otin, Pat-
fon, IVn\, Timoihv (J. Phelps, Pike, I'oitei, Jame-> S. Rol-
lins. f.uu^nt, Srdgtviek, Slemk-, tfiietlu'ld, She)|;d>ai<ier,
Sherman. Suntli. .lolui B. Steele, Stratum, Benjamin F.
Thoma-. Puutei  Tlioma-. Ti.uu. Ti«Avbudi;e, Van Horn,
Van \ alkenbiu h, Van W\< k, Veiif', Walker, Walkiee,
VV ;l>stei. All eu S. While, "Windoin, and Wuirhl—^3.
NAYS— Mc-s-. Aneona, Bakes, Hall r-on. Hoi man. John-
son, Kn.ipp, Mom;-, Nugen, Pendleton, rUilag, Yallandtg-
ii.tm, and \ViNon—I'J.
So the uiles weie suspended.
Mr. WILSON. I move the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question
to enable me to offer an amendment to theiesolu-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; I cannot do that.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays on oideimg the mam question.
The y< as and nays were not oidered.
The mam question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the tesolulion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution wax adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
M ESS AGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message fiom the Senate by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
insisted on its amendments, disagreed to by the
House, to the bill making appiopriations foi cet-
tain civil expenses of the Government, agieed to
the conference asked on the disagreeing votes
thereon, and had appointed Messrs. Fesse\~df.k,
Clank, and Pomeroy, managers of said confer-
ence on the part ot the Senate.
CIVIL A IMPROPRIATION BILL.
l\lr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
to the House that the committee of coufeienoe on
the civil or miscellaneous appropriation bill have
agreed to a leport, but it will take at least an hour
to make out that report. I suggest that we had
better let the report be made out and the bill en-
rolled to-night just as we have agreed to it, with
the presumption that we shall agree in the morn-
ing, and then let us now take a recess until ten
o'clock in the morning. If we can be sure of a
quorum here at that time there will be no diffi-
culty in getting the bill through.
Mr. VA.LLANDIGHAM. I suggest that we
take a recess until eleven o'clock instead of ten.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better say ten,
so as to be sure to have time enough.
The SPEAKER. The House to-day, by unan-
imous consent, fixed ten o'clock as the hour to
which the House should take a lecess, in case a
recess were taken.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the recess.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that we now take a
rccess.
Mr. JOHNSON. Cannot my colleague give
us now some of the leading points of the agree-
ment of the committee?
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, there are so many
amendments that I cannot remember them all.
The Senate struck out a good deal of our bill and
we agree to many of their amendments. The
Senate cut down the appropriation for the Cap-
itol extension from $500,000 to $150,000, and we
have agreed to that. The Senate also struck out
the appropriation of $60,000 for the completion
of the Patent Office, and wo agreed to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I guess you did pretty
well. What else?
Mr. STEVENS. The mileage question re-
mains where it was before. [Great laughter, and
cries of " That's enough."]
Mr. Stevens's motion was agreed to, and the
House (at four o'clock, a. m.) took a recess until
ten o'clock, a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The House reassembled at ten o'clock, a. m.,
[Wednesday, March 4.]
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HUTCH INS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, icpoited adversely on
the claims of Smith Miner and Preston Bond;
which were severally laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. DUNN, the Committee on
Military Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of sundry petittonsand memorials;
and the same were laid upon the table.
! REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON CONTRACTS.
I Mr. "WASIIBURNE. I do&ire to enter a mo*
! tion to ie<,onsidcr the vote by which the minority
report of the committee on Government contracts
was oidered to be printed.
ASSISTANT COLLECTOR AT NEW YORK.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported hack,
with a recommendation that it do pass, a bill to
establish th'e office of assistant collector for the
collection district of the city of New York; which
was ordered to lie upon the table.
RESOLUTIONS OP OHIO.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Ohio relative to the expendituie of
public money for the construction of a ship canal
in the State of Illinois and the enlargement of the
i canals m the State ofNewYoik; winch were laid
upon the table, and oidered to be printed.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. RIDDLE. J ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have my vote recoided on the
amendment to the civil appropriation bill making
an appropriation for extra mileage.
j Several Members objected.
i The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
1 genth man's vote would change the result.
Mr. RIDDLE. Very well; I regard the prop-
osition us an outia<re.
Mr. VALLAN D1GHAM. Then I take it
for granted that the gentleman will not take the
mileage.
Mr. STEVENS. If he docs, it will be an out-
rage. [Laughter.]
II. R. CR0SI3IE.
Mi. FFNTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the
