1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10m
other ship-owners that he should be paid this amount to
get your vessels chartered?
" Answer. We knew that it was not necessary to pay
Mr. Southard or employ him at all if we could have been
allowed to go to Commodore Vanderbilt. If we could we
should have gone there. I would have gone to Commodore
Vanderbilt and chattered my vessel dnectly to him, bat X
could not reach him except through Mr. Southard.
" Question (by Mr. Morrill.) Why could you not rcach
Commodore Vanderbilt except through Mr. Southaid?
" Answer, When we got to Commodoio Vandeibilt we
were referred to Mr. Southard; when we went to Mr.
Southard, we were told that we should have to pay liiin a
commission of five per cent."
Such also is the testimony bearing on this sub-
ject of Mr. Henry E.Nesmith, of the house ofNes-
mith&Sons; ofMr.George M. Clearman, ofthe
house of Sturges, Clearman & Co.; ofMr. .Tames
W. El well, a member of another prominent house;
and of Mr. John A. McGaw. Parties applying
to Mr. Vanderbilt to charter vessels were sent by
him to Southard. Mr. Nesmith testifies:
" Question. Tiuough whom did you effect the charter-
parties?
"Answer. T. J. Southard.
" Question. Where does Mr. Southard residep
"Answer. In Richmond, Maine.
" Question. Did you apply in the first instance to Mr.
Southard, or some other pei«!on ?
" Answer. 1 firstapplied to another party.
" Question. To whom ?
<e Answer. To Cornelius Vanderbilt.
" Question. What reply did yon receive from him upon
making that application ?
" Answer. The first reply \va« that there were no sailing
ships wanted, or1 sail-boat's,' as lie called them ; hut when
they wanted any, we should have word sent to us. A few
days afterwards I ascertained that Mr. Southaid had clmr-
teied two or three ships that he was interepted in, as wcli
as two or three other ships. One of these we had to our con-
signment, belonging to neighbors of his, eastward. I then
"applied to Commodore Vanderbilt again, and was icferied
by Commodore Vanderbilt to T. J. Southard.
u Question. Was your contract made directly with Mr.
Southard,or through the intervention of some other paity?
"Answer. The contract was made thiou<ih Mr. Southaid
Ho haq a son in business here. f went into hi* office sev-
eral times, but the conversation and the reply, I think, was
made in Commodore Vanderbilt's office—I tinnlc in the
outer oilice of the building where he is. lie replied that
he would accept the ship. The original contract, it was
my understanding, was made with T. J. Southaid."
Mr. Ehvoll testifies:
" Question. Did you apply to Commodoie Vanderbilt to
charter any of these vessels.?
iS Answer. Yo^, sir.
" Question. What reply did you get?
"Answer, fie said he did not want any. He had got ail
he wanted.
{< Question. Did he send you to Mr. Southard ?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question, flow came you to know, after he told you
that, that you could charter these vessels for this expedi-
tion?
"Answer. T had understood that Mr. Southard had the
selection of the sailing ves&els for the tian&poitation of this
expedition.
" Question. You then applied to Mr. Southaid?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What did he tell you?
" Answer. Mr. Southard told me he had chartered several
vessels, and probably would want more; lor me to leave
the names of the ship-* I had to oflei, and if they did, he
would bear them in mind—there were a good many ships
offered. I did so."
Another fact in this connection worthy of re-
mark is, that the largest prices paid for sailing ves-
sels were paid for Southard's own ships. ThoT.
J. Southard and the Moro Castle both belonged
to Southard, I believe.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. The price paid for the T. J.
Southard was $4 25 per ton, and for the Moro
Castle §4 50 per ton, while the highest price paid
for any other vessel was $4 per ton,and the average
price was §3 75. Nor was that all. Southard's ves-
sels are to he discharged only in the port of New
York, while the vessels owned by other parties
can be discharged by the Government at any port
wherever they may come, when they choose to
discharge them. I submit whether it can be pos-
sible that Commodore Vanderbilt can be entirely
free from blame when these facts must have stared
him in the face. I do not assert that he has been
guilty of any affirmative act, but that he did not
exercise that degree of prudence, of judgment, of
inspection, that ought to be required and that was
required of him, occupying the important position
that he held. 1 believe it is a fact, also, that some
vessels were chartered, belonging to Southard,
while the committee were in New York and pur-
suing their investigations.
Mr. President, I said at the outset I did not be-
lieve that any great good was going to be accom-
plished by passing any resolution censuiing this
man or that man. I am willing to vote for ihe
resolutions; but I do not think they will reach the
difficulty we desire to reach. I do not think there
is any very great necessity for our censun ng Com-
modore Vanderbilt or Van Brunt or Haswell,
Commodore Vanderbilt and Haswell are beyond
our jurisdiction. All I desire is that the public
and the Senate should be informed as to who were
the guilty parties—if anybody was guilty—•'that
the facts should be laid before them, and then per-
mit every Senator to draw his own conclusions.
I cannot believe, from all the circumstances con-
nected with the whole transaction, that Commo-
dore Van Brunt is in such a degree censurable as
to warrant the passage of this resolution. I pro-
pose to submit the following resolutions as a sub-
stitute for the one now under consideration:
Resolved, That Thomas J. Southaid Is accountable by the
rules and aiticiee of wai as an Army coutiactor, and ought
to be dealt with accoulmglv.
Resolved, That at least five p^r cent, of the earnings of
the vessels chartmed by, tiuough, or under him, should be
lctaim-'d by the Quarterma&ter Goneial from the amounts
due or that may become dm1 to the said Southard upon the
ehaitci-paiUes ot veto-els owned in whole m in p-uthy >aul
Southard, and now in the employ ol the Government.
Resolved, That the owner ol the steamer Niagara is en-
titled to no compensation for the employment of said ves-
sel; hut is liable to the Government foi the damage sustained
by reason of her entire insutlieieucy for the purposes lor
which she was ehaitered.
I submit these resolutions in lieu of the one
now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thcquestion is on
amending the resolution before the Senate by strik-
ing out all after the word " that," and insetting
what has been proposed by tlie Senator fi om Iowa.
Mr. TRUMRULL. I now caii for the order
of the day.
EMANCIPATION IN MISSOURI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
634) giving aid to the State of Missouri for the
purpose of securing the abolishment of slavery in
said State, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Henderson to strike out in line seven,
section one, of the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary., after the word u forever," the
word " thereafterso that the clause will read:
Or immediate emancipation of all the slaves thei em, and
the exclusion oi slavery forevci fiom ■•aul State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why strike out the word
"thereafter?" I should like the Senator from
Missouii toexplum th«i reason for the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think, if the Senator
will examine closely the wording of this bill, he
will see that the word " thereafter," if it has any
signification at all, means that slavery shall cease
in the State immediately after the passage of the
act that may be passed by the Legislature ofthe
State or the convention of the State, although the
remaining portion of the bill evidently contem-
plates a gradual system of emancipation. If that
be not the construction that might be e^iven to the
word thereafter," then I do not desire to inter-
fere with it. Upon close examination of it, how-
ever, it strikes me that the word would be better
out of the bill than in it. If it has any meaning,
it certainly means that slavery shall immediately
cease to exist upon the passage of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Air. Piesident, the signifi-
cance of the word "thereaftci ,"as I understand it
heie, is that slavery shull never be introduced into
the State after it is once abolished; and I think it
very important in that sense. The provision is,
"for the gradual or immediate emancipation of all
the slaves therein, and the exclusion of slavery
forever thereafter from said State." I think the
word "thereafter" may have a very great signifi-
cation attached to it in this sense, and of eouise
the whole act would be construed together. 1 do
not suppose any such meaning will be given to it
as the Senator apprehends, that ifgradual eman-
cipation should be adopted, the exclusion of sla-
very forever thereafter would necessaiily require
that it should be immediate if the word thereafu r
is left in, but that the exclusion should continue
forever when it is once peifecu-d. I tlunk (he
wotd had bettor remain.
Mr. CARLILE. Do I understand the Seimtoi
from Illinois as maintaining that Congress «\m by
law take away from the State of Missouti the
power to leestabliwh slavery within the limits of
that Sta'e if ?he shall choose hereafter to do so?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vn-
ginia may distinctly understand me as maintain-
ing that it is competent for Lhe State of Missoiui
to pledge her faith never to fcntroduseslavery after
it is once abolished; and she cannot-introduc^'t
afterwards without violating her plighted &ith,
and without violating a legal:obligation, which
any court that had jurisdiction' of the case would
enforce if it had the power to do so. I believe
that the introduction of slavery subsequently by
Missouri would be an illegal act, and ifthequos-
tion could be got within the jurisdiction of a court
I think a court would so decide, It would beJa
violation of its plighted faith. Nations may abro-
gate treaties and may violate plighted faith', but I
think it would only be in that way that slavery
could be reintroduced—by wrong, by violence,
und by a violation of a compact.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that it is
appropriate atali that the matter under consider-
ation should involve a discussion as to the power
of my State to reintroduce slavery. I have no
idea that she ever wi|i reintroduce it after it has
been once abolished. No State in the Union, I
think, has ever done such a thing, and I shall not
contemplate it in this case. I only offer this amend-
ment to meet the objection that I have presented.
I have no idea that the Judiciary Committee in-
tended otherwise than as explained by the hon-
orable chairman of that committee in using these
words. In fact, I know that such was the inten-
tion. I supposed, though, that some difficulty
might arise on the construction of the act; and I
do think that the use of the word " thereafter" is
a little unfortunate, notwithstanding the explana- ■
turn of the Senator from Illinois. If the word
"thereafter" qualifies anything, it qualifies the
period of time when the act shall" be adopted. The
clause now reads:
Whenever satisfactory evidence shall bcpiescntcc! to the
President of the United States that the State of Missouri
has adopted alaw,oidinance,orothei provision, foi a grad-
ual or immediate emancipation of all the slaves therein,and
the exclusion of sl.iver> forever thereafter from said State.
It struck me that the word u thereafter" quali-
fied simply the period of time at which the pas-
sage of the act shall take place. If, however, a
contrary construction is the proper one, I shall
not insist on the word being stricken out; but
really it can do no harm to strike it out, because
the whole bill taken together with the word out
will still be as plain as it is with the word in, and
I think much more so. However, I shall not in-
sist upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Committee on the Judiciary in relation to
this portion of the bill. 1 do not know that there
is any importance to be attached to it. It pro
vides that it shall be the duty of the President to
deliver these bonds to the Governor of the State
as hereinafter provided, to be used by the State to
compensate for the " inconvenience produced by
such change of system." I want to inquire of
the chairman of the committee whether that is
really the reason why we pay this amount of
$10,000,000 or $20,000,000? Is it to compensate
tor inaugurating a change of system, or is it, ac-
cording to the argument of the Senator, to enable
the State to fulfill its legal obligations ? It occurred
to me from the argument of the Senator yester-
day that it was desirable, in order to put the State
in a condition to pass a law constitutionally, that
we should make compensation. Should wc not
say here that we do this to enable the State to
emancipate, rather than to say we do it to alle-
viate any inconvenience that may aiise from a
change of system ? My own motive in votingfor
this bill is to enable the State to do what I think
its Legislature is desirous of doing, but which it
cannot do without this appropriation.
Mr. WILSON, of M issouri This bill pro-
vides that when a law or ordinance or other pro-
vision shall be adopted by the State of Missouri
prohibiting slavery, among other things the bonds
contemplated by the second section are to be de-
livered. This scins to contemplate an original
enactment of the Legislature of Missouri in one
contingency. I yesterday read a clause from the
constitution of the State of Missouri, by which
it is cluuly provided that that body has no such
power as that which is referred to, the power to
prohibit slavery m the State of Missoui i. If sla-
very is to be inhibited in that State, it must be
done by some tribunal emanating directly from
the people, with power to change the organic !a\v
of the State.
Mr. HENDERSON. If my colleague will
