1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
From the date of its organization, on the 8th of
July, 1861, until the first report of nearly two thou-
sand pages was made, on the 17th of December,
1861, the gentleman from New York never spent
two hours in committee. The first thing the com-
mittee knew, after it had partially completed its
labors and was going to make its repprt, was, the
gentleman from New York came forward and
demanded that he should make the report of the
committee to the House.
The committee determined that, as he had not
been with the committee, and as lie knew nothing
of the testimony, and had not written a line of
the report, he could not make it to the House;
and I was directed, as the acting chairman, to
make it. How far that may have annoyed the
gentleman from New York, I do not know. We
went on with the investigation without the co-
operation of the gentleman from New York, con-
scientiously endeavoring to discharge the duty
imposed upon us by the House. Though the
gentleman from New York never participated in
our labors, yet, after the committee had requested
the Departments to make stoppages of large pay-
ments, we found that the gentleman, without au-
thority and without knowledge of the subject, at
the instigation of corrupt contractors, und by
virtue of his position as chairman, had removed
the objections filed by the committee. The gen-
tleman from New York will not deny that. There
were various other transactions of the ex-chair-
man which I might allude to in that connection.
Finally, for its own protection, the committee was
compelled to depose the honorable member from
New York as chairman of the committee.
Now, in regard to the investigation at New
York. To the surprise of the committee, the hon-
orable member from New York moved the in-
vestigation of a matter foreign to its original
object; an inquiry into matters as to salaries of
Federal officers in Nfvv York and "in regard to
bonded warehouses. It was foreign to the object
ofthe committee,and I wasdirected to report back
to the llouse and ask to be discharged from its
further consideration. But, from the peisonal
appeals of the gentleman from New Yotk that
u might be withdrawn, the committee waived it;
and what was the firsUhingthey knew ? The gen-
tleman from New York, without any authority
whatever from the committee, and without their
knowledge, on his own responsibility, went to
Nt.w York and undertook that examination inm-
Krlf, without the piesenee of any other member of
the committee; calling his witnesses and there pur-
suing his examination in a manner which was con-
sidered so utterly disgraceful, that when the at-
tention of the committee was culled to it, they
unanimously directed that, his investigation should
be discontinued. There were many men involved
in his investigation who protested with great force
and w it h gioat justice, that if an examination was
to be had into matters involving their character,
it should be done by a majority of the committee,
or at least by a minority which had the sanction
of the majority.
It was alleged that the gentleman from New
York had had a personal quarrel with the col-
leetoroftlie portof New York; that he could not
get men into the custom-house, which he had un-
dertaken to do; and that lie had declared venge-
ance upon the collector in consequence. These
tlungs, 1 say, were alleged, with what truth lam
not able to state; but I do say that the investiga-
tion wjs undertaken by the gentleman from New
Yoi 1c without the authority of the committee, and
that it was conducted in such a way that no com-
mittee could sanction it, and hence its discontin-
uance by the committee.
The gentleman on that occasion took a large
- amount of testimony. Afterward, in oider that
there might not be any possible cause of com-
plaint, in oider that this investigation might be
truly carried out, the committee had an abstract
mad'e of it for the purpose of ascertaining what
points it contained that it was proper to investi-
gate fuither. We found thatm his testimony the
gentleman had traveled outside of the jurisdiction
of the subject committed to the committee; that he
had gone into the investigation of matters foreign
to the subject, and opening up an indefinite, broad
ocean of testimony, if followed up, with which we
had nothing whatever to do.
The gentlemen from New York insisted that
the testimony taken by him in the manner which
I have stated should be published. The commit-
tee declined having anything to do with it, inas-
much as it had not been taken by theirauthority,
and as it related in great part to matters not perti-
nent to their jurisdiction; but they went on, as I
have stated, and examined the testimony taken
by him to see what things should be examined,
and they did examine fully anu thoroughly, and
have made report thereon. A
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 thin? it is due to the
House and due to this committee, that a report of
this kind, containing personal attacks upon mem-
bers of the committee, should not go out with the
sanction of the House without the House know-
ing what it was printing. I have therefore deemed
it my duty, under the instructions of the commit-
tee, to move to reconsider this vote by which the
minority report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
the floor for five minutes.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object, unless the gen-
tleman yields unconditionally.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 yield the floor.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to inquire if the in-
tention is to shut out the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Wyck] altogether?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course I am.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will take his
seat.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DAWES. For one, 1 do notdesire to ex-
clude the gentleman from New York from any of
his privileges orrights. My intercourse with him
has been such during the present Congress that I
am quite sure he will acquit me of any disposi-
tion to infringe upon any of his rights. 1 came
into the House while this matter was going on,
and therefoie I do not know whether the gentle-
man has explained the mysterious circumstances
attending this report—how it is that after taking
the advice of his friends on the committee, for we
suggested to him that he should present a minor-
ity report if his views differed from those of the
majority—I say I am not aware whether he has
explained the circumstances under which, in mak-
ing such a minority report, he undertakes to reflect
upon the majority, as 1 understand he has not done,
for I have not had the privilege of examining his
report. If lie lias not, I hope he will embrace the
earliest opportunity to explain so unusual, and,
it would seem to me, uncalled-for proceeding.
1 advised my friend from New York to make a
minority report if he differed fiom the majority
tn his conclusions, as I knew lie did. I desired
that he would put his views on paper; but I did
not think he would embrace the opportunity to
attack those who advised him to make it. I do
not know that he has; for as soon as I was in-
formed of the contents of this minority repott,
which we so readily assented to giving him the
opportunity to make, I endeavored to see it, but
it has mysteriously disappeared from the Clerk's
office. I hope my fiiend will not forget to allude
to that when he gets the floor.
The question whether this committee, which
has discharged its duties as well as it could—duties
which have been exceedingly laborious, and from
their nature must at all times be embarrassing—
shall suffer at the hands of any gentleman who
lias a pi ivate grievance, and shall suffer under the
sanction of the House without havi hg the op-
portunity ot seeing or knowing what it is that is
charged against them, is a question for the House
to decide.
My fuend over the way is quite anxious lest
the gentleman from New York should fail of an
opportunity to be heard upon this matter. He
forgets that the gentleman from New Yoi k, unless
this matter is explained, has sought an opportu-
nity to make an attack upon the committee with-
out the knowledge of any member against whom
the attack is brought. The gentleman, however,
need not be alarmed. I will not foreclose the gen-
tleman from New York of his right to reply, so
far as I am concerned. So far as I have the con-
trol of the matter he shall have that right, for 1
think it is a subject that needs explanation as
much as anything that has ever transpired in this
House since i have been a member of it. But I
know the ability of my friend fiom New York to
make it appear fair and white if it can be done.
Now, is this House going to publish aminority
report without knowing what it is printing, espe-
cially after developments so remarkable in their
character as have been stated to the House in this
matter; after, in response to the invitation of the
majority, submittinga minority report containing
an attack upon that majority without their knowl-
edge, and then, when they learn its contents, it
becoming necessary that an accident should befall
it and it should disappear ?
I do not know what the practice of committees
is. So far as L have had any knowledge or any
experience—I know it is not much—it has been
always the custom to submit to the committee the
views of the minority, just as much as to submit
to the House the views of the majority. Least
of all did I suppose that any man "who sought to
submit the views of a minority of a committee
would incorporate into those views anything
which should reflect on the majority. I do not
know what the rulesof order are. I do not know
much about the code. 1 have had some little ob-
servation in times past about the code, but it seems
to me to be in direct conflict with it. My friend
can explain that, and 1 will yield to him in order
that he may do so.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, I will only
occupy a few moments in making some sugges-
tions to the House in answer to what has been
said. What "lias fallen from the two gentlemen
on this matter will satisfy the House now, if they
weie not satisfied before, of the propriety of print-
ing this report. 1 f they say there has been a gulf
between the members of the committee, why is it
that they ask that the views of the majority shall
be permitted to go out,and at the same time that
the views of the minority shall be suppressed?
The lingering moments of the session admon-
ish me not to stop to answer all misstatements
made by the gentleman from Illinois; but one
matter must be explained. He speaks of the time
1 have been with the committee. The journal of
the committee contradicts him. Except when en-
gaged in organizing my regiment, or absent with
it in the field, 1 have attended all the meetings of
the committee. Immediately after the adjourn-
ment of the extra session of Congress, I com-
menced raising my regiment, and worked day and
night until I came with it to the field.
At one of the early meetings in New York, I
stated to my colleagues the labor in which I was
engaged; and, as iheiu were five working mem-
bers of the committee, 1 suggested that most of
my time would be required to raise my regiment,
and it ought to be devoted to that purpose. To
this they cheerfully assented. Hon. Mr. Jack-
son, one of the committee, attended the first meet-
ing, then went to raise and command his regiment,
and afterwards fell gallantly at the head of a bri-
gade on the soil of his native Kentucky. It waa
never admitted to be necessary that all the mem-
bers should be present at the meetings to take
testimony, but the gentleman well knows that I
was always present except when public business
imperatively prevented. And my colleagues have
never arraigned me for absence on equally im-
portant and far more laborious and dangerous bus-
mess. My colleagues knew and approved of my
absence. They knew that my new labors did not
contribute to my personal comfort or pecuniary
gain. They felt that I was making a sacrifice
rather than slinking a responsibility.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say a word.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will answei the gentle-
man in a moment. This House ordered an in-
vestigation into the custom-house at New York.
The members of the committee were willing that
this resolution should be limited to the testimony
taken by myself, if I would take the testimony
personally, and thus relieve them from the trouble
of taking it. I did spend two weeks there taking
testimony, and the committee knew where 1 was,
and they did not object.
Mr. WASHBUItNE rose.
Mi. VAN WYCK. No, sir; I cannot yield to
the gentleman. There was no objection to my
proceeding until the clamor from the New York
custom-house. I have shown it m my report,
and there it is beyond all possibility of contradic-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, I have made no personal reflec-
tion on any member of this committee in my re-
port, or in my speech. If they think so, they
can hold mc responsible. I am responsible for
