612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
mit me to ask him a question at this point, I de-
sire to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask my col-
league if he doubts the authority of the General
Assembly of the State to emancipate all the slaves
in the State, provided full compensation shall be
made to the owners?
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. By no means.
In-answer to the question which has been pro-
pounded to me by my colleague, I will state, as I
did yesterday, that the Legislature of the State of
Missouri, if they have money enough, may buy
all the slaves in the State and set them free, if they
choose; but I deny to the Legislature the right to
fix the price at which this purchase shall be made.
I further say, that in a contingency of that sort,
the sum of $20,000,000 in the bonds of the United
States, to be sold in the market, according to the
prices that now rule, would not begin to accom-
plish the object. If they commenced this great
work with this sum, they would have to end in
the middle before they were half through. They
would consume the entire amount of money, and
would not release one half of the slaves in the
State. I have no objection at all to the amend-
•ment of my colleague; but I was only endeavor-
ing to show in this connection that this bill en-
deavored to confer powers on the Legislature of
Missouri which that body did not possess, and
could not exercise; and at the proper time I in-
tend to endeavor to remedy that defect in the bill
by striking out certain words.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 have offered several
amendments to this bill; but they are so connected
together that it is utterly impossible for Senators
to understand the idea that I have in view in re-
gard to it without the reading of the whole of
them; and if it be in order, I will ask the Secre-
tary to rend the whole of the amendments that I
have offered, so that Senators can see how the bill
will stand when amended according to my idea.
The amendments are so connected that the read-
ing of one single amendment does not present my
view, and it is necessary that tiie whole of them
shall go together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Secretary will read the amend-
ments as proposed by the Senator from Missouri.
The Secretary. The first amendment is in line
^leven, section one, of the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike out the words " of §20,000,000,"
and to insert and in the manner hereinafter pro-
vided." This amendment was agreed to. In
lino twelve of the same section, it ia proposed to
strike out the word " five "anil to insert" six," so
as to make the rate of interest six per cent. In
line fourteen of the same section, it is proposed
to insert, after the word "thereof," the words
"the interest to be paid semi-annually in coin."
In line sixteen of the same section, it is proposed
to strike out " eighteen" and insert " twelve;"
which amendment has been agreed to. In line
twenty-one of the same section, it is proposed to
strike out" J87G" and insert " 1885." In line
seven of section two, of the committee's amend-
ment, it ia proposed to strike out the words " the
whole amount;" and in line eight, after the word
" bonds," to insert the words " to the amount of
$20,000,000;" which amendment has been agreed
to. In line eleven, of section two, it is proposed,
after the word " bonds," to insert the words " to
an amount not exceeding #10,000,000 in the ag-
gregate;" so that the two sections, if amended,
will read as follows:
That whenever satisfactoi v evhU'iiee ~h.il! Ik; nri:~l-ii[''.1
to tile President of tlie United States that the State of Mis-
souri lias adopted a law, oidinance, or other piovision Tor
the gradual or Immediate emancipation of all the slaves
therein, and tin; exclusion of slavery forever thereafter from ,
said State, It shall be his duty to prepare and deliver to the ,
Governor ot said State, as hereinafter provided, to lie us,ed ,
by said Sttlte to compensate for the inconveniences pro- i
duced by such change of system, iinnds of the United States I
to the amount and in the manner hereinafter piovided, the j
*ame to bear interest at the rate of six per cent. per annum, ^
and payable thirty years after the date thereof, the interest •
to be paid semi-annually in coin : Provided, That the said i
bonds shall not he delivered, as herein directed, unless the
act of emancipation shall bo adopted !>y said btate within
twelve mouths after the parage ofthn act,nor unless s-aid
act shall provide that slavery or involuntary servitude
within said State, except in punishment of crime, shall for-
ever cease and determine on some day not later than the
4th day of July, 1888, and never afterwards, be introduced
Ifwrein: provided further, That said bonds in their ag-
gregate amount *hatl not exceed the bum of $3U0 for each
slave emancipated under the provisions of this act and the
a«f«f emancipation to be passed in the Suu of Missouri
in pursuance thereof, not including* any slave who has been
or shall become free under the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the ptoperty of rebels, and
for other purposes," approved July 17, 1862.
Sec. 2. And Lett further enacted, That in case the law or
act of emancipation to be adopted by said State shall pio-
vide for the full and perfect manumission of all the slaves
therein on or before the 4th day of July, A. D. 1865, and the
future exclusion of the system of slavery from the State for-
ever thereafter, the President shall cause the whole amount
of said bonds, to an amount not exceeding $10,000,000 in
the aggregate, to be prepared and delivered as aforesaid im-
mediately on the passage of said act. But should it provide
for the termination ot' slavery at a date subsequent to that
last named, then said bonds shall be delivered m four equal
installments, dating from the passage of such actio the time
when slavery shall ccase under its provisions.
ator from Missouri whether it is worth his while
to insist on having the word" {hereafter" stricken
out. As I construe the provision, the legal effect
of it will be the same whether that word remains
in it or is stricken out. It is this 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine has withdrawn that amendment, the
Chair understands.
Mr. HARRIS. I was not aware of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not detain the Sen-
ate by any remark on this bill were it not that
what 1 said yesterday was somewhat misunder-
stood by the Senator from Missouri. The real
difficulty in this measure, if I understand it cor-
rectly, is that certain Senators insist that eman-
cipation in Missouri shall be immediate, instead
of gradual. There is no practical difficulty in
providing for the gradual abolishment of slavery
in Missouri, for the sum of $10,000,000, in strict
conformity to the laws of Missouri, and to the
entire satisfaction of two thirds of the Legislature
of that State, if Senators will but waive the idea
on which they so much insist, that slavery shall
be immediately abolished. This proposition will
not be disputed. From a conversation with the
Senator from Missouri, I can state as his opinion
that there is no difficulty in framing a law to pro-
vide for the gradual emancipation of slaves in
Missouri, in which the Legislature of Missouri
will pledge the faith of the Statu—and that is all
they can do—to emancipate all slaves within
twenty-three years for the sum of $10,000,000.
We have, by a resolution passed a year ago,
pledged the faith of the United States—the faith
of Congress, if you please—that we will aid pecu-
niarily the State of Missouri in the gradual abol-
ishment of slavery. We have not agreed to pay
any definite sums; we have not agreed even to
cooperate in the immediate emancipation of slaves
in Missouri. Ail we have agreed to do is, by
pecuniary aid to cooperate with the State of Mis-
souri or with any other State in promoting the
gradual abolishment of slavery. The immediate
emancipation of the slaves of Missouri is a matter
of comparatively little moment. Whether those
who are now slaves there, held as such under the
local laws, shall continue to serve as slaves for life,
is an important matter to them; but to the fate of
this nation it is of comparatively little importance.
I believe, however, that the condition of slavery
as a fixed and permanent relation in Missouri
tends to keep up civil war in that State, and that
the very moment she enters upon the path of
gradual emancipation all her sympathies and all
her interests wiii be opposed to the present rebel-
lion, and in favor of the preservation of the Union.
It is to accomplish this purpose, to create a
spirit in the State of Missouri in favor of the per-
petuity of the Union, that I am willing to vote the
money of the people of Ohio to aid in this object.
That can be accomplished better by gradual eman-
cipation than by immediate emancipation. Any
process of immediate emancipation is hostile to
the feelings of the people of Missouri, and hos-
tile to the feelings of any slave State; while a pro-
cess of gradual emancipation is favored, I believe,
by a large majority; of the people of Missouri, and
from the information I have I believe by a very
large portion ofthe people of Maryland, Kentucky,
and. Delaware. But when you propose at once to
emancipate and make free the persons who have
been held as slaves, and mingle those slaves among
their former masters without any preparation,
without any education, without any of those
guards or checks which the old States took care i
to prescribe when they abolished slavery, then j
you encounter all the hostile prejudices of a slave- I
holding community. i
There is nothing in the constitution of the
State of Missouri to prevent the Legislature of
Missouri to-morrow from declaring that every
person born within that State after that time shall
be free. I will ask the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Henderson] to read that clause ofthe con-
stitution if it is before him. I have read it, and
I think there is no difficulty at all in the Legisla-
ture of Missouri declaring that all persons here-
after born in that State snail be free. The only
prohibition is, that the slaves in Missouri are not
to be emancipated or made free, except upon full
compensation, and that while Missouri recog-
nizes slavery, slaves may be brought in there
from other slaveholding communities. There is
no limitation of the power of the Legislature of
Missouri to provide for the freedom of persona
hereafter born, and such a prohibition, that is, a
declaration by the Legislature of Missouri that
all persons hereafter born in Missouri shall be
free, will accomplish all the national purposes that
we desire by this measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And no more to be
brought in.
Mr. SHERMAN. That can be provided for.
Mr. HENDERSON. The clause of the con-
stitution is in these words:
"The General Assembly shall have no power to pass
laws—
"First. For the emancipation of slaves without the con-
sent of their owners, or without paying them, before such
emancipation, a full equivalent for such slaves so eman-
cipated."
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a limitation of the
power of the Legislature. Without it Missouri
could fix the relation existing between her white
and black population. But this limitation does not
affect the power of the Legislature to fix the status
of those hereafter horn. It is only by the local
law that the child of a slave mother is a slave.
This law may be modified or changed; and there
is no limit to the power of the Legislature to so
modify it. The slave mother cannot, under this
clause, be made free without full compensation to
the owner. But surely this limitation cannot ex-
tend to the children to be born in the future?.
T3ut, sir, if the right to the increase of -a slave
mother is considered property, it is easy to esti-
mate its value, and pay the State of Missouri and
the slaveholders of Missouri its property value.
According to the information 1 have, that right to
the increase is estimated as equivalent to ten per
cent, of the value of the slaves. Taking the old
and the young, the males and the females, and
considering the aggregate value of those slaves at
$50,000,000, which would be $500 for each slave,
the value of the probable increase of those slaves
would bcestimated at$5,000,000. Thatsum would
secure the freedom of all born after the passage
of the act, and would as effectively end slavery in
Missouri as an immediate and positive prohibi-
tion. Jf you desire to emancipate those who are
now in the State of Missouri—a matter that I do
not consider of great national importance—yet if
you desire to emancipate the slaves now held
there, you can do so within twenty years by the
accumulations from $5,000,000 more at compound
interest. Five million dollars compounded foi
twenty-two years would make a sum sufficient tc
pay the full value of every slave thej* living in the
State of Missouri. That compounding, thatfund-
ing, if you please to call it so, may be carried ori
in the Treasury Department, and may be guaran-
tied to the State of Missouri twenty years from
this time, and would emancipate every slave then
m the State of Missouri, and pay a full compensa-
tion to each owner. It is clear that this can be ac-
complished with an appropriation of $10,000,000*
and without an immediate payment.
I do not desire at this time of great national
peril to take any large sum from the Treasury
of the United States. The object to be accom-
plished is important; but it can be accomplished
for the sum 1 have named by a gradual system,
similar to that adopted in several of the old States,
and in strict conformity with the constitution of
Missouri. If Senators insist that their ideas of
emancipation shall be adopted and all the expe-
rience of the past ignored, then they must take
very laige sums from the Treasury to carry them
out. We can secure the gradual abolition of sla-
very in Missouri, and in every other slave State
willing to cooperate with us in that work, for a
comparatively small sum; but we cannot carry
out the radical ideas ofgemlemea who are determ-
