THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
ia that bill for colonization would be $3,191,333,
making $31,923,333 which you proposed at the
last session to give to the State of Missouri, not
for immediate emancipation, but for emancipation
t|iat should only take place within twenty years
after the passage of the act.
Mr. President, this was all laid before the peo-
ple of Missouri; and we now present ourselves and
ask that you carry out what you promised to do
in the resolution you passed, and in the action that
was taken here, indicating a perfect willingness
on the part of Congress to meet us upon half-
way ground; and no matter what the appropria-
tion you make, we shall have to aid largely in this
work ourselves.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended to open my lips in relation to this bill; nor
should I have departed from that intention had I
not observed that there was an amendment, which
either has been or is intended to be oftencd, which
has relation to my own State. My views I shall
state very briefly. I would not throw a straw in
the road of the people of Missouri, if it is the will
oT the people of that State to abolish slavery withm
its limits either now or at a future day; but 1 am
unable to find in the Constitution of the United
States any authority for Congress interfering, with
that institution, or making an appropt iation to aid
any State for the purpose of emancipation. 1 shall,
therefore, vote against any bill in any form what-
ever which proposes an appropriation of the money
of the Federal Government for the purpose of se-
curing the emancipation of the slaves in a State.
As regards my own State, all that I claim foi
her is the right which in past time has been ac-
coided to the other States of this Union that were
alaveholding States when the Constitution was
adopted. Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Yoik,
Pennsylvania, and New Jeisey, uU dealt with tins
question at their own time, tn their own mode, and
without any appeal to the Federal Government,
or asking it to tax the people of the United States
for a purpose that they believed consistent with
their own interests in the judgment of their own
people. No remonstrance came from any other
State, slaveholding or non-slaveholdmg; but the
respective States were left to dispose of the insti-
tution as the sympathy and judgment of their own
people at their own time determined. That is the
past history of the country ;and at different periods
of times those States adopted the policy ofabaji-
doning the institution of slavery within their own
boundaries.
I claim the same lijrht for my own State now.
We nsk not from the Federal Government a dollar
in relation to the question; but we ask that it shall
not violate the Constitution of the United Slates
byattempting to inteifere with the domestic insti-
tutions of the State, eilhei dinctly oi indneetly.
Whenever the people of Djlawnie d« ternune that
their inteiest, or their sympathy, if you please,
or their moral sense, renders it proper that they
should put an end to the institution within the
State, they will do so; and let me say it is not the
value of the slave pioperty in the State that de-
termines that question in their judgment; nor is
their really any slaveholding interest in the State
that hasany power whatever tosway its political
destinies: but it is othei considerations that alfect
them. What they claim is, that they ate the best
judges of the time and mode in which they shall
act on the subject, and that the same right belongs
to them that lias been accorded to other Suites—
non-inletfeience on the part of the Federal Go\-
ernment with the action of the States in relation
to their own peculiar institutions.
Mr. Piesident, it struck me very forcibly in
reading the memoiiul addressed to the Piesulent
of the United States by the representatives of the
State of Minnesota, in refetence to a mistaken phil-
anthropic t tfott to inteifere with the execution of
certain Indians in that State, thai the rebuke well
and propeily administered by those representa-
tives to sudi an attempt was, in itself, true in
principle. The same principle, it secerns to mo,
applies here. The Indian is a distinct racet xist-
mg in Minnesota, and the people of Minnesota
know best the difficulties they have to encounter
in the adjustment of their relations to that race.
The negro resides in other Suites in iaige relative
numbers, different in ditlerent States, and it seems
to me the same principle winch would call for the
non-interference ot the Society of Friends in Phil-
adelphia in retcicnce to the ueatmentof ihe In-
dians in Minnesota, would call for some degree of
forbearance on the part of the representatives of
other States who know nothing of this population
and who do not know the evils and difficulties to
be encountered in reference to this question.
Mr. President, Senators may suppose that when
you have set the slaves free, there is an end to all
difficulty. Sir, it is but the commencement where
they exist in large relative numbers. I agree with
De Tocqueville that the danger of the collision of
races becomes imminent and immediate after abo-
lition, far greater than during the existence of sla-
very, where large relative numbers of these peo-
ple are in the same community with the white
race. 1 believe that small as we arc, we are mas-
ters of the situation in my State, and we can dis-
pose of the question properly when the time comes.
Gentlemen will find that this matter of the rela-
tion of race is notdetermincd by passing an eman-
cipation law. There is always, as every one must
know, a serious difficulty and danger in altering
the social structure of any community; even in
time of profound peace it tasks the statesman.
You have but to look at the difficulties which we
know now are existing in Russia m reference to
emancipation there, to be aware that it is one of
those subjects which ought to be dealt with with
great calmness, with great forbearance, and with
great consideration. How much enhanced must
those difficulties he if those who have no practi-
cal knowledge of the relation of race arising fiom
the existence of the inferior race in their own
States attempt to force on other States which have
thepractical knowledge arising from the existence
of the two races, action at their will and accord-
ing to their views of morality and philanthropy,
and that, too, in the midst of civil war.
Su, in my own belief, Congress had better drop
thi«* question altogether. They had better leave it
to the adjustment of the States ni the future, as they
have left it to adjustment by the Slates in the past.
If Rhode Island, if New York, if New Jersey,
chose at their own time to abolish slavery in their
own mode, to provide when it should cease and
how it should cease, I know no reason why the
same course ought not to be permitted to be token
by the people of MissouiT or any other State.
If the people of the United States, or of other
States, were not taxed for the purpose of remedy-
ing the social institutions ofPennsylvania,or New
Yoik, or Rhode Island, on what piinnple is it
that yon have the right to tax the people of the
United'States to aid the people of the State of Mis-
souri in altei mg theit social institutions ? I am un-
able to see that; though I admit, without hesita-
tion, that, whatever the State of Missouri chooses
to do with slavery, I have nothing to do with it;
it is a question for her people. They understand
tiieii own position, their own juteiests, and the 1 e-
lattons of race there, better than I do. i am willing
that they shall act upon it as they see fir. If they
choose to abolish it, so be it. They shall never
hear a word of remonstrance from me. 1 claim the
same light for my own State. But when the peo-
ple of Missouri come before Congress and ask that
we shall tax the rest of the nation, among others
my own constituents, for the pin pose of aiding
them in their internal government and regulation
in a matter over which Congress has no jurisdic-
tion, then of com so my vote must be given against
a measure of that kind.
These are my views, Mr. President. I do not
mean to debate upon them. In the remarks which
1 had occasion to make in reference to the aboli-
tion of shivery in the Distiict of Columbia, I ex-
plained what my views were of the relation of race;
and I have probably done so at other times in the
eomse ot my career in the Senate. I will not pre-
tend to repeat them now. They are the result of
no interested motive,"certainly, on my part. I
am no slaveholder, and never expect to be a slave-
holder. I have no interests, therefore, to bias
me, I consider that the mstirution in itself, in my
own St.ire, is not of any enormous value; in other
words, that it is the interest of individuals only
that aie involved; hut the State as a community
could not be injured if she chose to abolish sla-
very to-morrow, except in the ultimate effect of
the collision of taces. But I have a clear convic-
tion that you have taken but the first step to a
collision of the races, rendering it immediate and
imminent, when, in a community where there ex-
ists a kirge relative proportion of thisinfertor race,
incapable of being amalgamated with the other,
you destroy the relation of inferiority by this doc*
trine of emancipation. Believing that to be det- -
rimental to the community, and regarding itasa
question that has to be dealt with in a different
mode, and I think may be dealt with in a differ-
ent mode, I am opposed to any action whatever
on it by a Congress composed of members from
States many of whom have not one negro in
twenty thousand inhabitants within their bound-
aries. Certainly there are some States which
have not a negro in six or eight hundred people
in their boundaries, and many which have not
more than one hundred, one hundred and fifty,or
two hundred. I hold that they are dealing with
questions with which they cannot deal wisely and
piactically; and that, in the theory of our Gov-
ernment, it was never intended that Congress
should attempt to interfere with the institution of
slavery in these States any more than they should
with the institution of mairiage, or the relation
of paient and child, guardian and ward, or any
other domestic relation whatever. I shall there-
fore vote against any species of bill of this de-
enption.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
to the amendment, m line twelve of section one of
the reported amendment, to strike out the word
" five," and insert "six;}> so as to read, " the
same to bear interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment of the Senator from Missouri is, in
line fourteen, after the word " thereof," to insert,
the interest to be paid semi-annually in coin."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think if we issue bonds
bearing five per cent, interest, it is hardly worth
while to put in a provision that the interest shall
be paid semi-annually in coin. Let them take
their fate with other bonds.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to make a suggestion
on this question. We ceitainly want to make
these bonds available to the State of Missouri, if
they are issued at all. That State will require to
raise money on the bonds in the market. Now,
sir, if the bonds do not contain the usual provis-
ion of the securities issued by the Government,
will they be available? Can the money be raised
upon them?
Mr TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
New York allow me to ask if we have ever issued
a bond that provides on its face that the interest
shall he paid in coin ?
Mr. HARRIS. If not, this should not be
adopted. 1 do not know about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The interest has been
paid in coin, but there is no piovision on the
seven-tlorty Treasury notes, for instance, that
they shall be pjtid in coin.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand there is some
such provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may be on some
| recent bonds, but surely not on the old bonds.
| Mr. HARRIS. 1 only want to make these
I bonds conform to the other securities of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HENDERSON. A similar provision
exists in the laws heretofore passed, m the act of
1861, aiH* that of the last session. That is my
recollection. At least in regard to the interest
upon the bonds, it is required to be paid in coin.
Mr COWAN. That provision exists by way
of exception. The United States notes are made
receivable for all public and private debts, and
evoiything except paying the interest on the
public debt, and paying customs duties.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not speaking of
the Treasury notes. I speak of the Government
bonds. I say that the inteiest on the bonds, the
five-twenties, is pavable semi-annually in coin.
Mr. HOWE. The interest on the bonds re-
ferred to by the Senator from Missouri is bylaw
payable in coin; and the reason of that is, that
'! Congress wanted to make the bonds a desirable
i! commodity to purchase. They wanted to ex-
change them for money; they did not want to
i * exchange them for any other kind of property.
" They wanted to get money with which to buy
anything that was necessary to carry on this
war, and therefore they provided by law that the
inteiest on those bonds issued for that purpose
shall be payable in coin/ That is the provision
of the law. If the bonds here provided for are
