1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
- Mr. HICKS. I suppose one oath subscribed
by the various Senators would be sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As a matter of conven-
ience, one oath would be sufficient for all, 1 think.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that until further order
of the Senatethe hour of meeting be twelve o 'clock,
meridian, of each day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The con**
mittee, appointed for that purpose, have waited
upon the President of the United States and in-
formed him that the Senate was organized and
ready to proceed with business; and the President
directed the committee to say that he would com-
municate with them to-morrow.
Mr. POSTER. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 5, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was road and approved.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana. I desire to have the
oath of office tfdministeu-d to my colleague, Hon.
Thomas A. Hendricks, who is present.
The- usual oath to support the Constitution was
administered to Mr. Hendricks, and he took his
seat in the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. My colleague, Hon. Wil-
liam Spuac.uk, is present', and 1 ask that tne\)ath
of office be adminintered to him.
The usual oath to support the Constitution was
administered to Mr. Sfr\guk, and he took his
s«eaC in the Senate.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the PirMdcnt pro tnnporc be iHitlmrized
to appoint the standing committees of the Senate km tins
fet'SFjon, <itid ;ii*o the iii( of joint committer*.
Theie bein^ no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out all
after the word "resolved," and insert:
That, !\>i the pmpo«.0s of tlu<? «cqslon, the standing com-
mittees be continued .u constituted at the last se--ion of
the Semite, and tluit the l'iesuJm>t pu> tempotc he authoi
*/' d to IH1 v.ieancit -< whercvej the sumc tn.iv ho nee"-* ary
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope tin ^solution will
not be amended. It is in the usual form th.it has
always been parsed here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nothing bindim*
about tin- form. Because it happened to be ih-
form on another occasion, tin re is no loason why
we should adopt the name now. Thejeisnolaw
that I am aware of rendering if n< ccs^n v th;*t abs-
olution of one session should be expressed in the
same words thutn similariesolulinn wasjn before.
b'or niPtiy ri asohs, lor the purpose ot* meeting the
ideas gentlemen have on tii<- mi bp ct, and <•;* presu-
me: so far as jf can be expressed on the face of tin*
paper th'% distinct underntnndio"' a* it ^xwts, 1
think the amendment 1 piop^e is i «>ry mm h bet-
ter (Ican.e tli" nDm- n. substance) Ihnn tin resolu-
tion proposed l v i!h  Senator from b'hod.- Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 hop" the resolution will
v pass as it way offered, if the .Senator fuuu Maine
persists m t he amendment, 1 .shall esk tor Use yc^s
end nnys.
Mr. FESSENOEN. I have no objection,
Mr. fcSAULWBURY. I >ih'>uld like to know
A old the Senator from Rhode is?h-ud if h<- mean,;
to confine the resolution to ih;s ^-ssion
;i'on,- >
Mr. ANTHONY. Undoubtedly. Tlie com-
mittees can only beappomted forihi-s^ssion,aiul
i de.siic ro state that in oflu ins; ili;s resohin >n,
which is for. the convenience of the Senate, [ in-
tend that it shall only apply to this session. I
presume there can be no doubt that the commit-
fees will be constituted in the way in which the
Senator fiom Maine suggests, which is the proper
way, the natural and the obvious way, but I see
no necessity for having the resolution in any dif-
ferent form from that in v/hich K lias always
passed before.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the rt solution of the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island shall pass, it
will he in the usual form, and the usual course
will be pursued hereafter, and the committees of
the last Congress, with the changes now made.
will be continued at the next session of Congress.
I want, by some definite change in the language,
to show that tlie committees that are now organ-
ized shall not continue at the next session, in
my judgment they ought to be reorganized com-
pletely, and I would notfonsenl to either of the
resolutions proposed but that the resolution of the
Senator from Maine will bo a clear indication that
the committees nre to continue only for the pres-
ent session, and that at the next session of Con-
gress wo shall reorganize them entirely. Thatis
the only reason why I shall vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another objec-
tion to the resolution: and that is. ih.it it implies
that the President pro tempore W to appoint the
committees-, that lie is to exercise the power of
remodeling the committees as he pleases. Theie
is no idea of conferring any such power upon the
President. I should be opposed to it utterly. The
Senate has always exercised the authoiity for
many years of appointing its committees, and has
not conferred the power on the Presiding Officer,
and does not design to do so in any way. The
resolution confers that power,and seems to imply
that the appointments are to be of the same char-
acter that they have been heietofore, substantially
to continue dunng the Congn ss as longas it may
lemam. Now, sir, none of us will consent to that.
We could not ask Senators on any side of the
Chamber to do it. Itia very well understood that
tliis is a mere executive session; and for the pur-
poses of tins executive session it is better that t he
committees, so far as they have been heretofore
constituted, should be continued, with the power
in (he President to fill up vacancy s from the new
members. It stives time, in the fust place. The
Ptesid'-nt, if he is to go through thia matter, must
net e.sMnily take considerable tune to uo jt, and I
should b<' opposed to that; and, with the ^ennfor
fn>m Ohio, I am ele.u !y of opinion th.it if we adopt
a resolution conferring this powei upon the Pres-
ident and continue these committees, it should be
m such a form as clearly to negative any idea that
it is to be considered either in courtesy or on any
other ground at nil conclusive or even argument-
ative upon the permanent constitution of the com-
mittees of the body for the business of the Senate.
That is the reason why I oflVird the aim ndm-Mit,
in order to negative at oneo any such pi esu motion
m the mind oi'anybody, and merely to continue
the committees for our own convenience as they
nre for this shoi l session, at which nothing but
executive business can bedone. In my judgment
it is very much better to keep the power m she
hands of the Smafe, a.nd we ought not m any
case io put on rcoid the fact that we conferred
the power of mod.ding the eommit'eesof the body
on the President pre tempore, with all the lespeut
that I eutt rt an for the Piesident peisonally.
Mr. tJA tJLSiH'R V. I wish to make a su^-
gestir u to Urn majority, and that Uthw: when the
'•ommittees shall ha\ < b --"Mi permanently oi gan-
ged by the niajonty, so jhr as their side of the
Chamber is concern; d, 1 think it is nothing but
justice that the minority should be consumed find
have th" pri vile go of selecting th'-ir niemlx n n pon
the committees. Ti> t used to ho the cure yar-j
a^Oj vv hen parties w .-t •• no' ! he same jn this Cham-
1 ier, in i\ feicsi^e to tho mapirb v to id mmonrv; bi.t
it imi !h sng n iiich was omi  led in tIn iormntion of
the 'M,mmnfo Jit the last When the "om-
mitt'"'"; siuil! he pe  nni'OMiliy orgiOny."d} ,tt;^r t!ie
m«i j i.aty shall hav - si'!.ecu-d sue h of; heir own party
jvi he v v.'i.'h '•> be members of the i expect! ve com*
miit. >ti e iiuiioiiiy shtmld hav'- iin puvih-gt of
Keh-«'Un\r such of their own member4 os a c to go
upon \ !h, c-onnnif'! i s.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The1 cpte--non
is oil tin1 amendment of the Senator from Mmue.
Mr. ANT1ION Y. I have no soitof onjection.
on the cunrpry I am m favor of the understand-
ing that the appointment of the committe-^ for
this sedsion shall bo no precedent, no argument,
no color, even, for their reappointment a' the next
session? hut I do not see how the amendment of
the Senator from Maine looks any more to that
than the original resolution. It looks to me like
a mere factious opposition to the resolution. I
see no reason whatever for the amendment and I
hope the Senate will sustain me m the resolution
as i have offered it; and upon that I ask for the
veas and nays.
Mr. FP.SSENPEN. The linage of the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island is certainly
very singular and very inexcusable. What right
has he to talk to me about a factious opposition?
A factiousopposition to what, sir? To the honor-
able Senator from Rhode Uland. 1 constitute, I
take it, as large a faction as lie docs. If it may go
to the dignity of a party, 1 think the Senator sets
himself up as a party to dictate what must be done.
Very well; I have a right, I take it, to amend his
proposition, to even venture to offer an amend-
ment without being accused of faction because I
happened to be opposed to a proposition offered
by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island.
That isa very singular state of things, if 1 cannot
do so. I have the same object in view. I wish
to negative a conclusion, anu I take it I am acting
properly in doing; ho.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think no one will deny
that the Senator fiom Maine is as large a faction
as any other Senator or any other two Senators
here. I will not dispute that proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Q,uite as large as the Sen-
ator from Rhode Islahd.
Mr. ANTHONY. A ^rcat deal larger. I very
seldom obtrude myself upon the Senate, and very
seldom make any personal remarks. I think the
opposition of the Senator to this resolution—
and my friends around mo know why—is very
singular indeed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amemfment moved by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mchfjs. Bowdeti, ('of tame!. Cowan, Diivi", Fe*-
senden, Foot, Il.udunz M on ill, NeMiuth, Powell. Sherman,
WiiMiii of \lnsf<aelnw;u- . Wilson ot Mi^oun, and Wi igilt
— 11.
NAYS—Anthony, i>u<'kaie\y, CarUle, Chandler,
Duohttle, F<mok ll.ulun. Hams, llendirekt, Unw-
ind, Johnson, L.;ui'> of Indiana, Lane ot Mc Don-
£.dl, Morg.in, Haui-bnrv, Sunnn'1, Ttn £>ck,
Tnnnbult, and Wade—'2-2.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY, I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island to insert the woid ''extra" be-
fore the word "session," so as to remove any
doubt.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. " Executive
session."
The PKESTDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that *' special session *' would be the
better term.
Mr. ANTHONY. ThrfTwill do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mover
of the resolution accepts the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
OATH 01? OFFICE.
Mr. SUMNER. \ offer an additional rule to be
adopted by the Senate:
The oath or affirmation proscribed by act of Coiiaretx* of
July 2, to b ; takt-n hctoie entei mg upon tlK- dii'ie«of
otlicc, -hall bo taucu and tJulvserihed by every Seuator in
open Senate before entering upon hi-- dune*.
The PRESIDENT pro tcmpo}^. It require*
unanimous consent to consider the proposition at
this turn-.
Mr. DAVIS. I object io any auch rule as
that.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. It lies over.
COJIMITTDK OX AGIUeULTEJRE.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ^ive notice that to-mor-
row, or souio suijMOtU'uU dviy, 1 Minll move to add
io the Kandir^ conituittees ol tlie Senate a Com
mntee on A^rnculuae.
KXI^CUTIVI-; SP^SEOX.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. if tliere is no business
pending in open Session, I move that we proceed
to tin f*or>sidorat.ori of executive business."
Mr. TRUMBULL, lam not aware that there
is any business in executive session. Ifanvbody
has any business for an executive session, I have
no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent m the consideration of executive bus-
iness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
