1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 6, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. James A. F>a yard, of Delaware, being pres-
ent, the usual oath to support the Constitution of
the United States wasodministered to him by the
President pro tempore; and he.tookhis seat in the
Senate.
APPOINTMENT OP COMMITTEES,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced the
appointment of the committees under the resolu-
tion adopted yesterday, as follows:
On F/> reign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chair-
man,) Foster, Doolittle, Davis, Johnson. Bayard,
and Harris.
On Finance—Messrs. Fessenden, (chairman,)
Collnmer, Sherman, Howe, Cowan, McDougall,
and Hicks.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chairman,)
Mornll, Wilson of Massachusetts, Ten Eyck,
Saulsbury, Trumbu'll, and Morgan.
On Military Affairs and ike Militia—Messrs.
"Wilson of Massachusetts, (chauman,) Lane of
Indiana, Howard, Nesmuh, Morgan, Sprague,
and Bowden.
On Nuval Jl'Jairs—Messrs. Hale, (chairman,)
Grimes, She!man, McDougall, Johnson, Ram-
sey, and Sprague.
On Ike Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Foster. Ten Eyck, Harris, Howard, Bay-
aid , and Pou i 11.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Col-
lamer, (eh.m man,) Dixon, Trumbull, Johnson,
Ramsey, Cowdeu, and Bnckalew.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,)
Clark, Pomeroy, Cariiie, Harding, Ramsey,
and Hendricks.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Harris,
(chairman.) Sumner, Mornll, Howard, and
Bayard.
Oil Indian tljfairs—Messis. Doolittle, (chair-
man,) Wilkinson. Lane of Kansas, Hailan,
Ne.smrth, Daws, and WiUon of Missouri,
On Pensions—M( ssrs. Foster, (chairman ,)
Lane of Indian;1,, Howe, Pomeioy, Saulsbury,
Buckalew, and Howden.
On Ilecnlutioiianj Claims—Messis. Wilkinson,
(chairman.) Chandlei. Lane of Kansas, Nes-
muh, and VVnirht.
On Claims—Al< ssrs. Clark, (chan man,) Howe,
Pomeroy, Anthony, Hicks, Hauling, and Hen-
dricks.
On the District of Columbia—Messis. Grimes,
(chauman,) Dixon, Mocill, Wade, Anthony,
Richai dson, and Wright
On Patents and the Patent Ojjicc—Messrs. Cow-
an, (cimn man,) Sumuei, LI at i is, Saulsbuiy, and
Cj i hie.
Oil- Public Buildings and Grounds—Messis.
Foot, (ehiUiman,) Anthony, Chandler, Sauls-
bury, and Wilson of Missouri,
On Terriloi ir$—Messrs. Wade, (chairman,)
Wilkinson, Hale, Lane of Kansas, Caihle, Wil-
son of Missouri, and Richaid.-on.
To Jhidil and Conhol the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate—Messrs. Dixon, (chairman,) Clar k,
aud Harding.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane of Indiana,
(chauman.) Sunnier, and Harding.
On Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,)
Hai Ian, and Powell.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,)
Cowan, <<nd Saulsbury.
On the Libiarij—Messis. Collamer (chairman)
and Fessenden.
MECHANICAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted thcfollowing reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Punting:
RaohciJ, That f r« thousand .copies of the mechanical
r«'porr of the Patent Oliice for J 861-6.2 be printed for the u-e
of the Senate.
PRINTING OF LAWS.
Mr. ANTHONYsubmitted the following; reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Rewired, That four thousand copies of the acts and joint
resolution* of tin: ihnd se.-cion of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress be printed tor the use of the Senate.
BOUND DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 offer a resolution, and ask
for its present consideration:
Resolvcl, That the number of sets of documents, such
as journals, reports, and miscellaneous documents, bound
in calf for the u^e of Senator*., he limited to the mnnbei of
Senators entitled to receive the same.
The practice now is to bind sixty-eight copies
of these reserved documents. Of course those be-
yond the number of Senators actually entitled to
receive them are piled away in the lumber rooms.
It is rather an expensive woi k. This is to reduce
the number.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr.SUMNEU. As the Senate seems to have
very little to do, and as 1 see the Senator from
Kentucky in his seat, I desire to call up the res-
olution 1 offered yesterday in the form of anew
rule of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
HesolvcS, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
The oaih or afiumntion pre^nbed by act of Congress of
July 2, 18G3. to be taken beioie enieuiur upon the duties of
oihce, shall be taken and s-ulwcrihed bv every Senator in
open Senate before entering upon his duties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of i his resolution as among the
standing, Miles of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed to the adoption of
that tesolunon. I have sent down for a couple
of books, and in a few minutes I will be ready to
take up my opposition to it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is any particular rea-
son for that, I shall a«jree to the postponement;
but if there is no leason, 1 think we had better go
on with its consideiation. 1 do not know how
niiu h uui( the Senator from Kentucky wishes to
occupy. The Senator op< ned the ease m one
word the other day when lie said that ho regarded
the act of Centres-! as unconstitutional. Now,
it strikes me that what is to be said on that is in
a nutshell, and 1 cannot conceive that there will
be any net easily for protracted discussion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 tlunk that it it, proper
under the circumstances to postpone this resolu-
tion, to give time for consideration in jeference to
the matter. 1 made the motion to postpone it
until to-moirow with no view of preventing the
Senate f; om acting upon u at this session, if they
choose. This oxtr aor dinar y session was con-
convened for the purpose of transacting execu-
tive business, aud it would hardly be wise to oc-
cupy to-do v in the discussion of tin4 resolution,
for it ^ttainly will be discussed. No injury can
aiise to the public from postponing it until to-
morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. The answer to the Senator
from Delaware n--, that the statute to which the
resolution ivfei.- leqiuit s that "every ofii< er shall
tak< and subset i be " a certain oat b "befot e enter-
ing upon the duties of his office. " That rais-os the
question on the threshold; but, as I nnd( rstand,
the Senator proposes that the question shall be
postponed until anoiherday—to another session,
if you will—and that i he Senate shall proceed with
their duties without taking the prescribed oath.
I do not know what conclusion the Senate will
come to upon the proposition now before them,
but it seems to me it ought to be decided htfoie
we proce(d to any other matter.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The answer to that is that
evei y Senator upon this floor bus been sworn in
as a member of thiis body, and taken the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution: evei y member on i his
floor lias already enteietl upon the duties of his
office and answered to his name. Those who were
not mem be i s at the organization of this body took
an oath, which was a par t of then dut) , and evei y
member of the body voted on the business which
was before the Senate yesterday. We have oil en-
tered, therefore, upon the d uties of our office; and
so the objection made by the Senator from Mas-
sat husefts, that it is necf ssar y to take tins oath he-
foie we can enter upon the discharge of our duty,
falls. Why, Mr.President, you were tlected Pres-
ident of this body by the members of the'Seriate
before any oath was taken. Motions were maite
in this body yesterday. A motion was made to
go into executive session, which waa as mudhrs .
part of the duty of the members of this body' its
any other motion which could be made; and thefe*
fore it is utterly impossible to contend "that'%C
must take this oath before entering upon our du-
ties as Senators. I make the suggestion—it rsntyt
a matter of so much importance to me; in fact, I
care but very little about it—to postpone this reso-
lution until to-morrow, simply for the purpose of
considering it, and considering what shall be'dofte
in reference to the resolution when it shall comeu^h
Mr. BAYARD. This session is intended-to
be, I presume, an executive session. The object
is to dispatch business in relation to nominations
and appointments of the President, and treaties,
if there be any such to come before the body.
Every one knows that the Senate is never as full
during the peribd of a special called session as
at other times. Several Senators who have been
elected are not able to be here; many are obliged
at the close of a regular session to go home. The
body is always less in numbers than at any other
period. Apart from that, this resolution neces-
saiily must give rise to discussion. There are
grave questions involved in it. I will suggest one.
The language of the law is, thatcvery civil officer
under the Government of the United States is
required to take a certain oath. In the case of
Blount, I think, the argument which was pre-
sented, and very powerfully presented, and, if 1
recollect rightfully, sustained by the committee,
if not by the Senate, was that a Senator was not
a civil officer under the Government of the United
States within the meaning of its laws. He is an
officer appointed by his State, and forming a part,
of the Government; he is not an officer under the
United States. That was the construction given
and the argument was a very power ful one. That
question requires to be*looked into. 1 do not pass
any opinion upon it; I do not mean to say that ii
is a light construction, but it is one that is open
to argument; it will lead to discussion.
Then there must ar ise a further question on tin-
subject of legislation for the purpose of imposing
an additional qualification on a Senator, which is
certainly a veiy grave question, not in regard to
the particular act in this case or the oath required,
but a grave question as regards the precedent to
be set, as regards the power of Congress to inter-
fere with the qualification of members of either
branch of the Legislature, imposing different ones
from those which the Constitution ttM-lf imposes.
All these questions must be opened necessarily
to discussion, and unless it is the desire to pro-
long the session of ihe Senate, I think il would
be wiser to leave the question until the body is
full at the next session of Congress, and gentle-
men can consider all these matters in the mean-
time. I think that would be the wisest course.
Mr. DAVIS. What I have to say against the
resolution wiil not occupy me a ver y great length
of time, i would as soon make my remarks
against the rule that is proposed this morning as
at any other time. Some gentlemen wish the mat-
ter to be postponed until to-morrow morning.
With the concurrence of the friends of the pro-
posed additional iule, I am willing to make my
remarks this morning, with the understanding
that then the matter shall lie over until to-morrow
morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Veiy well; just as the Sen-
ator pleases. 1 do not wish to pi ess i he resolu-
tion contuuy to the disposition of Senators, but
as there seemed to be veiy little for us to do now
I thought it might be best to proceed with us con-
sideration, for it is impoitant to have it decided
one way or the other.
Mr. DAVIS. I am entirely willing to proceed
to say what 1 have to say in opposition to the
proposed rule this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Just as the Senator pleases;
or if the Senator prefers it should go over until
to-morrow morning, I am entirely svillmg.
Mr. DAVIS. With the concurrence of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, I will proceed with my re-
marks, with the understanding that then the mat-
ter will lie over until to-morrow morning.
Mr. SAULSBURY. V. ry well.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Piesident, i opposed some-
what perseveringly the law that was passed at the
