1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
making his constitutional argument; and in that
way we may save a day or two. We can come
out of executive session as soon as these nomin-
ations are referred, and then we can listen with
great pleasure to the argument of the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no objection to any course
that may be a^reeble to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senatoi from New York.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not interpose any ob-
jection to that; but I merely wish to make one re-
mark. Hero is a statute of Congress, and the
question is whether the Senate is going to set an
example of obedience to it or of disobedience;
that is all. I took comparatively Utile interest in
the passage of the law 
Mr. DAVIS. I do not suppose it is in order to
debate this subject now.
Mr. SUMNER. I be<^ the Senator's pardon;
it is in order to debate the question whether we
shall go into executive session.
Mr. DAVIS. But you are not debating that
question; you are debating the law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Very limited
debate is allowed on such a motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not trench—the Sen-
ator, I think, will bear me witness that I do not
trespass—upon the rules of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no personal objection to
your taking any latitude.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to take any lat-
itude. I merely intended to state that if the Senate
choose now to go into executive session, they do
choose to enter upon most important dunes in dis-
regard of an act of Congress which they have as-
sisted in putting upon the statute-book.
Mr. GRIMES. I insist that there is no such
issue before us. By going into executive session
and transacting the business that will he presented
to us, so far as referring nominations is concei mid,
we do not decide the question whether we are go-
ing to nullify a law of Congress or not. It is
merely calculated to expedite our business and
enable us to leave Washington fur our lesj-octive
homes a day or two sooner than would bo other-
wise the case. 1 shall vote to come out of exec-
utive session as soon as the nominations are re-
ferred, and some of us can be considering them;
but if we go on with this discussion tin1 whole
day and have the nominations referred late in the
evening we shall not be prepaied to act on them
for a day longer.
The motion of Mr. Hmirts was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of-oxeo
utive business, and after some time spent theiein
the doors were reopened.
COMMITTEE ON AGIUCULTUflK.
Mr. SHERMAN, in pursuance of notice, sub-
mitted tlie following resolution; which was con-
sidered, agreed to: • *
Rc^olvet?) Tliat tin* thuly-fouith mil of tin- Senate be
amended. i>y addnur theieto UA Committee on Agiieultuie.
to COUal-t Ot'flVC UH'lIlbets."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Harlan-, Mr. Morrill, Mr.
Lane of Kansas, and Mr. Powell.
JOIIN ALEXANDER.
Mr. McDOUCfALL. I desire to piesent a reso-
lution which was betoic the Senate at the adjourn-
ment, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee to Audft and Control th^
Contingent Expense- ol the Senate be authoiizi i] to pa\ to
John Ale\aiuUi, the -inn ol ,"$106 25 tor decoiating and
furnishing nnVenal tor d< coiatin« and placing the painting
known a& the " Storming of Uhepultepee ,J
It passed the Committee oti Contingent Ex-
penses, and was reported favorably upon at the
last session. It is a resolution about which there
is no question, I suppose.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
OATII OF OFFICE.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we #had better now
proceed with the business regularly in order.
Tito PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tim pending
question is on the resolution moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and the question is on
postponing the further consideration of it until
to-monow, upon which the Senator from Ken-
tucky was addressing the Chair at the time the
Senate went into executive session, and is now
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I was examining the decision in
the case of Barker vs. The People, in New York,
that was relied upon as authority to sustain the
power of Congress to pass this bill att be time it was
passed. I had got to that portion of the opinion
which stated thcgeneral principleof plenarylegis-
lative powers that the State government neces-
sarily established in the Legislature of the State of
New York; and I was also stating that the power
of Congress to act upon the subject was not at all
analogous to the power of the State Legislature,
because the power of Congress was limited and
delegated, and that consequently Congress could
not have power to pass the law imposing this oath
unless there was a clause of the Constitution that
in plain terms, or in terms importing the power,
conferred it, or unless it was a necessary and
proper auxiliary power to cany into execution
some expressly'delegated power. 1 do not think
that that authority for the passage of the law can
be found in the Constitution. I will proceed to
read the lesidue of this opinion:
"The nmth article constitutes the A^orribly judejes of
their own members. \ presume it l* intended by the plain
tilf, by leiei ring 10 that ai ucle, to inter that no othei power,
not oven the legislative, can dive&t the As-enibl> ol thu
right. Ifthis be so,and it is not necessity to deny it, the
onlv consequence would be, that should the Assembly con
sidei the judgment as no di-quahfieution, its opeiiiuon
would be s-o lai defeated, but not neee&^anlv any f ui tiler
The tlnrieenth aitiele lot bah the distiauchiscineut of any
member of tins State unles-, by the law of the land, or the
judgment of Iih pens. It ihe dueling act is not othei wise
unconstitutional, then the injunction?, of this article have
been complied Willi; to^the a'i l-the law of ihe laud, and
the veuliet is the judgment of ihe plamutrs peer.-,. The
tiurty-thiul article ielaie^ to judgment1* on impeachment-,
and le-trains their operation to removal fiom ofiice. and
disqualification to hold any place of honor, nu-t, or pi ofit.
itndei tlus State. Tiie application of thu- arti< le to the
qiie&tion beioie u« is not pejoeived. I am. therefore, of
opinion that them is nothing in the original constitution
which the act violates. When it was befoic the council
ofjevision. the objection.-; which some ol the council, and
I was: one of them, had to the act, iclated to other pai ts of
it, and not to the one now objected to. The supposed le
pugnancv of tbt ait to the Connitutioi. of the United
Siare>, as it is uiged, t- to the eijjbth amendment, winch
(l'-claie-> that citiei and uuu-ual punishment* shall not be
lnllietcd. Tlie dWiancheeinent ot a citizen not an uu-
n-ual puui.-hment ; it wa- the con-eqtienco ol tie;i-ou, and
ol in (anion? ei inn's ; and n \\ a- alloy ether d wictioi.uiy Hi
Ihe Legi-latme, to extend that pnni-hmciit to othei ofien-e*
'• The judgment reiidepd in the i oui I below i- -uppo.-ed
to be eiioiieou^.as repiiL'nant lo and < onti.ivcmnsrthc ihird
section ol the tii-a ai in le. the -e.-ond -ection ot the second
aitiele, the -econd m-cIiom ofthe filth aitiele. the first and
thnieenth .-eelions of the seventh ai tele, ,uid ihe tir-^t sec-
tion of the ninth at in le ol the amended eoiMi union The
thud -cclion ol the tn-t aitiele, giving lo the Senate and
A- (inblythe unlit lo jtutee of the <|U«ilifl< ation ot their
meinbeis. ha;' been commented on, as well a-- the second
section ol the tilth article, which relate-' to judgment- on
im peach infills; and also the hist section ol the -eventh ar-
ticle. The kecond -eel ion ol the -ceoud ai tide ot dann that
law - may be pa->ed eu'Iudnn.' Iiom the light ol suffrage
p; i-on- who have been oi ma\ be convicted ot infamous
ci lilies Tin th u i« ent h -e< lion ot the seventh at t icje. among
othei things, oidaiu- that -ueb acn of the Legislature as
weie then in toice should be and cosiiinm ihe law ot tin-.
SlaK1,-uhjeet lo - neb alterations a.- the heL'i-latuic --h.itl
make eoiie'-riitiig the -aim : Imi all -uch p.ui- o( the com-
mon law, and sueh of the said act- or pari- theicol, a- are
lepugnant to this con-t.tuhon. aie l)ciet j alnogated The
fust -eeiion ot the ninth ariif !e oul.un-. iiinonatnln i iluny,
!hat tho-e pai 1- of the amended eoiiMiHUion which icl.ile
lo the iight of star the number ol memhci- of A-sem-
bly tlH'reby dnectcd lo be < |ec(cd. the appoitiojirnent ol
memb.'i- oi A.— *mldy, t he floeiMtn- tlniebv directed to
eouuii'Mtco on die ii<—i .Menday'ot Novembei, 1^2^, ^iionld
be in lotce and lak" <-tl<-et inati tlx !a--t day ot Fehiuaiv
then nt At. The -i sih ai Mele ha- ai-e been rein d on, winch
oidain-- that no othei oath, deckuation. oi tc-t shall be ie-
quired, a- a qualification lot anv oilier oj publie !iu-t. than
the one pre-eubed, which i- to -uppoit the (Jon-tnulion-
of the United State- and of t iin Stare, and faithtulSy lodi—
eh.iu't the duties o! tlie otiice. aeeoiding to the best ability
oi the oilicer.
It in.iv admit of tout h doubt, whethei tin- Legislaiine
nie not le-tr.uneil lioin exidndinji iiom the inrht ot -ulitage
any oiher per-oii1- than Mich a- have been oi may he con-
victed oi miamoit- crime-. Tin- enutneiaiion or oflen-es
on the c)n v iruon foi winch power i- i.h\ > n to the !.egi- la-
tine to "\( hide the pci-on> < otivicted. h_\ neee--aiy unph
cation (b'lues the powi! in ai v otlier eu-c-. rJ'be offi-use
of which the plaint iff ha- b< < n < < u\i< ted i-not an mfa-
iixou- one. The Jaw ha- -a'ttled what cnnie- aie nitainou- t
tln-v aie hea-on. i< loin, and even sp< eie- of the aimcn
Jalsi, such a>- peijurj. eon-pnacy, .nid bauati}. (IN-ak*
Uvjd , 1 iG. 127.) If Iht- be then tin; ihquny vvlicther
the iiiiht nt -uffijigi n«ee--auK ithe tight ol being
voted lot. The amended eon-tiniuon doc- not pre-cube
the (juaiifiealious of member? of A-sembl> : and, with ic-
spect to senator-, it requite^ onh that the> shall hcfiee-
holder- 'i'hei e are particular qualifications ibi a governor,
but tor all oilier orlices the con-tunnon s-ilent as to
quahtieation. i cannot think that the i igni ot voiniL' and
being voied for are conveitihlc teim< ; indeed, we sec they
are nor. loi a gieni ela-s ot vote-- are not jequtred to be
fi'eholut rs. and vc t it i-neces-ar\ to the quaufi, aron of,
j.enatoi or a governor, that be -liould he a tiieholdera
and. with iexpect to the Governor, he must he a native cit-
izen ofthe United States, thirty ) cars of yge, and a resi-
dent within- the State for five years. Cfhe r^ ht of sufFrag®
is. therefore, distinct fiom the right of being' eligible to.aji
ofiice. . - f
As to the oath of office prescribed by'the sixth arftefd,
and Uie provision that no other oath, declaration, of test
shall be required, it is contended that ihe word.test has a
most extensive meaning, and ptohlhits the establishtngaoy
other rule by which ihe capacity of a person to hold an of-
fice shail be determined than that defined, the
peison appointed oi elected. I caunot aecede to this.
mv judgment, the exclusion of any oath, declaration, or
te.«t, as a qualification for an office or public trust, meaQt}
only that no other oath of office shall be icquired. ft. was
intended to ahoh-h the oath of allegiance and abjuration,
or auv political or religious test, a< a qualification."
Now, Mr. President, here are two principles
decided in this case that bear very ihrectly upon
tiie present question, and troth of them against
the validity of the law. Tiie first is a principle
familiar to every lawyer, but which is assene'd,
also,in thisopinion, "the enumeration of offenses
on tlie conviction for which power is given to ihe
Legislature to exclude the persons convicted, by
necessary implication denies the power in any
oi her cases." Tiie pnneiplc is this, that when
the law for any purpose enumerates matters of
qualification or disqualification, or enumerates for
any otlier purpose whatever, the enumeration ne-
cessarily, by a universal piinciple of legal con-
struction, excludes all that are not enumerated.
This opinion settles that principle, but tt is not
necessary that it should settle it, because it is a
principle familiar to every lawyer. Whenever a
constitution or a law enumerates for certain pur-
poses—say the purposes of qualification or dis<
qualification-—several classes, it results as a prin-
ciple of law that every class not enumeratwd is
excluded. Here is the other principle that bears
in this ense, and it is a principle cognate to the one
which I have just stated:
" As to the oath of otiice prescribed by the <u\th article,
and the psovi-iou that no other oath, declaration, or test
shall be icquned. it i> contented thai the word test has a
most extensive meaning, and prohibits ihe e>labtji hmg any
other rule by which the capacity «if a poison to hold an of-
the shall be determined than thai defined, the oath of tiie
peiMHi appointed oi elected. I cannot accede to this."
Here is the legal piinciple he states:
*• Tn my judgment, the exclusion of any other oath, dec-
imation, or te-t, it- a qualification tor an ofiice or public
trust, means only that no other oath ol ofiice 5*l ail be re-
quiied it was intended to ubolit-h the oath of allegiance
and actuation, ot any political or ichgious test, as a qual-
ificiition.5'
I ask the attention of the Chair to this other
feature in this opinion; it is this: the identical
question that is now raised was not raised in the
argument of the party himself interested in the
case; it was not raised by the court; it was not
decided by the court at nil; and that question is
simply this: whether, when a constitution enu-
merates certain qualifications of office, other qual-
ifications can be added by the law:
'■ The amended con-ntution (iocs not prescribe the qual-
ifications ol member-* of Assembly; ami, with respect to
•^enatoi-. it icqmicw only that they shall be freeholders
Theie ate paitieular qualifications for a governor, but for
nil other offices the eou-tmmon is -ileut a- to qualification.
I cannot thinli that the neht ot voting and bemsr voted for
aie convertible tenn* ; indeed, we see they aie not, foi a
«:ieat cla-> of voteis aie not requned to be tieeholders, and
vet it necev-ary to the qualification oi a -euaior or a gov-
cinot that be -hoiild be n fieeboldcr; and with respect to
the Governor, he must be a native citizen of ihe United
States, thirty \ear  ot a^e, and a ics-uieiU within the titate
for live >ears
This opinion does not at all recite, nor does it
authoiize, tlie inference that any of those quali-
iicaiions ofthe Governor of New Yotk could be
added to by a law. On the contrary, the opinion
having rented these constitutional qualifications
of the office of governor, to my mmd authorizes
the inference that it was the opinion of the learned
judge that these qualifications could not be added
to. The main proposition that 1 take is this: that
the qualifications of a JSenatot in Congiess are es-
tablished by the Constitution:
" No penon shall be a Senator who sliati not have at-
tained to the huc ot thnty \ear-. and been nine yeats a cit
l/.en of Ihe United tftate-. and who shall not. when elected,
be mi inhabitant of that rtiate for which he shall be cho-en."
These aie the tlnee qualifications upon which
it is competent for a State Legibiatuic to ciioos.j
a Senator to Congress, and upon which he is en-
titled to present himself cind claim his seat, if he
possesses them, and -has been ho decided. Tins
proposition 1 lay down, that you cannot require
horn a Senator any other qualifications of olfice,
either upon his election oi upon his continuance
iti his seat after his election. Is it not a principle
of our Constitution that it defines the qualifica-
tions of President and Vice President, and of a
