1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Senator and Representative in Congress? If the
Constitution defines those qualifications, is itcom-
petent for Congress, by a law, to interfere with
them? Can it diminish them? Can it add to them?
Can it make them more numerous or less numer-
ous than the Constitution declares them? When
a citizen of the United States has been nine years
a citizen, is a resident of a State, and is thiity
years of age, what inhibition is there upon any
State Legislature from electing him as a Senator
to Congress? I suppose the honorable Senator
will concede that there is none. Then the posi-
tion, if that be conceded, is undeniable, that when-
everaciiizen has these three qualifications he may
be voted for or selected by a State Legislature to
a seat in the Senate from that State. Well, sir,
when he comes here and presents himself to take \
the oath prescribed by the Constitution of the Uni- j
ted States' and to be admitted to his seat, what j
power has Congress to wet him with other dis- j
qualifications or qualifications? because there is |
practically and in ti uth no distinction between i
disqualifications and qualifications. When there j
is a disqualification the Senator must necessarily i
have the opposite qualification, so that they are '
practically the same. But when I conic to the 1
Senate Cliambei, present myself as a Senator 1
from the Slate of Kentucky,and exhibit the test- j
imoniulof my election, and I am Unity years of j
age, and have been nine years a citizen of the Uni- j
ted States, and am a citizen of the State of Ken- :
tucky, what objection can be made by any power j
to exclude me lrom my seat? All the gentlemen
clected to the present Confess as Senators, with
one exception, 1 believe, have been admitted to
their seats.
Now, sir, after they have been admitted to their
seats, what wairantor authority has the Senator,
fiom Massachusetts to lequue them to take an
oath as (he condition upon which they shall he
permitted lo lemain in their seats, anil to claim
and exei eise the pi ivih^es and the powers of Sen-
atoisr Do not the -same qiudiiieations and elec-
tion which authorize a Senator (o tuke his scar,
authorize him to continue m his scat, and lo claim
all of its pt iv ilexes and rights until his term ex-
pires? Does the gentleman intend to attempt to
tak«i a distinction between admission to a sent in
Com; i ess and its con u nuance ? 1 le (an not 1 think
logically or constitutionally assume uny such chs-
tinction. Il a man is qualified to take his seat
when he presents himself, he needs no other oi
additional qualifications to continue in Ins .seat,
and be cannot be met vv ith any other disqunhfiea-
tions tha t would re move h on bom bis seal. lime
is the honorable S"0.itoi from New .1 ersey, [ Mi .
Wru.iit ] Lie exhibited testimonials that weie
conceded to be sufficient by the Senate. The Senate
was satisfied wuli his election and qualifications;
they oidered the Lhesulmu Officer lo administer
the oath winch the Constitution require.-., and the
oath was adininisteied to him; he took his seat,
and lie lias been peifoiunug ihe filiations of a
Senator; and now, sit, the Senator fumi Massa-
chusetts gets up and under (ins iaw proposes lo
establish a rule of the Senate that would require
him to take theoaih, e,hich { read, m tbe law of
the h\>r session Suppose he jefuses to take it,
what course will the Si nale take - Will they pi o-
ceed u> expel himr 1 suppose not. For what
would they expel hull'1 LLe is guilty of no (Ins-
ordei I y conduct, he is guilty of Modnne that cona s
within tie principle of cause whieli aitihonzes
the Senate to expel a m< mbei; nothing of ih<
kind; and be cannot, be expelled except upon the
adoption of an arlutiary and cnpucious and !\-
riinucal principle and mle, it would he a twn-
ed^i d mstiument too, because she party and the
man who establish this principle and this pieu-
dent may live to see the other edge of the shatp
weapon turned upon themselves and 'heir friends.
Sir, it never was intended by the franieis of the
Constitution to allow the subiecL of disqualifica-
tion or qunhlicauon of members of Congress to
be inteifeied with bv legislation. A more mis-
chievous and unjust principle could rmt be estab-
lished. The Constitution fixed that matter. It is
immutable until the Constitution itself is changed
in that particular. The change cannot be intro-
duced by Confess eitlu rfor the purposeof addi-
tion to or subtiactum from the qualifications of
ft member of Congiess.-
Now, Mr. President, the gentleman from Illi-
nois asked the question, will you permit a law of
Congress to be executed ? I suppose heand every
other member of the Senate, be he a lawyer or
not, knows that if the law is in conflict with the
Constitution it is null and void. The Supreme
Court have decided that prmcipleagainand again.
But it was not necessary for any court to decide
it that it might receive universal assent. We all
know that that is the law. But in the case of Mar-
bnry vs. Madison,and other cases decided by the
Supreme Court, that principle has been most ex-
plicitly recognized.
Now, sir, I maintain that the power to pass this
test oath, if it existed in Congress, would neces-
sarily carry the power to establish other test oaths.
If Congress has the'nght to add to the qualifica-
tions or the disqualifications of a Senator or Rep-
resentative in one respect, they have an indefinite
right to do so. 1 admit that an oath to support a
single la w would not in all respects be an apposite
case to the present,and the law requiring an oath
to be taken to suppoit the Administration would
not be in all respects apposite to the present; but
the powei is the same, the principle of power is
the same—Congress had the i ight to pass the law
imposing the oath under consideration; they have
the right to pass laws requiting other forms of
oath indefinitely. Gentlemen may attempt to
draw a distinction, but theie is no distinction in
the piinciple of power; none to my understand-
ing. There would have been as much power when
the fugitive slave law was passed to have, required
an oath to be taken by all the members of Con-
gress to uphold and to aid m the execution of that
iaw as there was in Congress to impose the oath
under consideration.
There is no difference in principle or power. If
some future Admuusti at ion, when the public vigi-
lance over the liberties of the citizen has abated,
and when ihesti ides of powei have become greater,
! and when men aie more unscrupulous and bold
and have moie subserviency to sustain then am-
bitious views, should take it into their heads to
impose by law oaths to support the Administra-
tion then in being, 1 maintain that tlmre would be
just as much powei,and constitutional power, to
impose such an oath as that as the one that isun-
dei examination. I see no difference m the prin-
ciple. The pimoiple which prohibits it is this:
that the qualifications of the metnbeis of the Sen-
ate are defined by the Constitution. Congress,
as the legislative powei, has no right to niteifore
with them. This oath purports to be as much a
q ual ideal ton as that a man shall he a resident of
the State lV-mi win nee he is elected or thirty years
o'' at'e or nine years a citizen of the U mted States.
I see no distinction in ptmciple between these
head^ of qualification. The oath is as much a
matter of qualification as the as:o, the icsidence,
t lie time of citizenship. It is, theie fore, an addi-
tional qualification sought to be added to the ten-
uie of th'' senatorial office by the Legislature.
They ha\ e no powi r to impose tluit or any otln r
additional qualification. They have no right to
liuetfere with the matter af all
The reason why 1 have felt more confidence in
this question I stated last summer. It is tin <: the
. question has often been laised upon the dueling
j laws in my own State. The qualification theie
: of iepreyentati\es and senatois is in analogous
i language to the. qualifications ol Representatives
I and oenat'-r^ in the Con gi ess of ihe U in ted States.
| At vai to us tunc-', i suppose, in the lust fifty years,
| twenty limes at least, probably meio, men came
j there elected to the one hoo-'o oi to the otln r who
i had been emmi^'d m a dial, having sent or ac-
, c pfed a challenge or acted as a lYiend of one of
; the pai ties, all of which were piohibited by the
i law of my State, and ware declared to render
those who had thus participated ineligible to a
I seat in the Legislature. From the time that the
! question was first made, when your Aliens and
j your Nicholases and your Boyles and your
i Tumbles and yourTa'bots, and men of the first
: legal ability and learning in Ameiica were then
residents of the State, a ml forming the judicial
judgment of the people in relation to these ques-
tions it was then and there decided that such laws
were nothing more nor less than an attempt to
add to the constitutional qualifications of mem-
bers of the Legislature, and were therefore un-
constitutional, \otd, and inoperative. And that
lit st decision has been adhes ed to for forty or fifty
ycais in the State of Kentucky without any de-
parture finm il whaie\er.
The Question in that State, under our constitu-
tion, was precisely the same, except that, it related
to dueling, as that which arises under the present
law. Theground that the matter of this law, which
produces or is intended to produce the disqualifi-
cation or the ejection from office, is of a ditieient
nature, does not change the power nor the prin-
ciple. I regard the law. sir, as I did when it was
passed, as in conflict with the Constitution, and,
therefore, null and void, and that it has no validity
and canriotbe executed by the Senate. I believe,
on the contiary, if one of these gentlemen refused
to take the oath, and he was to be expelled by
Congress, the Supreme Court would decide that
he was entitled to his mileage and his per diem,
and would issue their mandamus compelling it to
be paid to him, and in that way determine the law
to be void and inoperative.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the argument
of the learned Senator from Kentucky attests the
importance of the question, and I think is an an-
swer to the suggestion a short time ago by a Sen-
ator over the way that this debate was unimport-
ant. Sir, I regard it as of great importance, ft
is impoi taut always whether the laws of the land
shall be obeyed; and how caiiyou expect obe-
dience to the lows of the land if here in the Sen-
ate you set an example of disobedience?
Mr. SAULSBURY. With the permission of
the Senator from Massachusetts I wish to make
a suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to know
how, consistently with his theory that the taking
of this oath is a necessmy preliminary to enter-
ing upon the duties of his office aa a Senator, he
can discuss the question now before the Senate.
If it is necessary to take this oath before the Sen-
ator enters upon the discharge of his duties, as is
contemplated by the resolution, I do not know
how he can addiess the Senate upon the subject,
not being a Senatoraccofdin" to hisown doctnne.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has had the kind-
ness to inieirupt me at the very opening of my
remarks. If he would also have the kindness to
listen to me till the close 1 think he will find an
answer. I said, sir, that this question iu\olved
thegroatque^tiofi ofobedience to the laws, and that
we here in the Senate ought to set an example of
obedience; for if we begin by setting this statute
aside, will not the other House follow our ex-
ample? And how can we expect other depart-
ments of Go\ ernment to obey it, if Congiess, that
enacted it, disobey it?
The st mite is very simple and very positive,
it is as follows:
''Thru heieafterevciy pen-on clcctcJ oi appointed to any
ofi'iw o| lionoi ui piofk mulct ihe Government of the United
brur<. Utall, hKoie enlenim upon the.duties of such office,
ami befoie hemg entitled manv of the ^ahu y oi other emol-
uments iheteot. take ami MUwnfoe the lb {having oath or
artiuiuun.u.'' . •
Then follows the oath at length.
'' Which s-aut oath, so taken and Mgried, shall he pre-
cei v. d .iinony ihe files of the court, Hotc>c of or
depaitment to which the $aid office may appeitam,55
Listening to the Senator ftom Kentucky, wo
have heard what can be said against the taking
this oath by Senatots, and 1 behove 1 shall not do
injusnce to his nigument if I say it lesolvt s itself
into two special objections. First, that we seek
to impose a new test oath, wh teh, fi om the nature
of the case, is unconstitutional. To this 1 reply
that we do not set k 'o impose any new test oath,
all of winch I will shovv before 1 sit down. And
his second objection i*, that we se< k to impose an
addition d qualification To tins, also, I reply that
we do not vM.-ek to impose any additional qualifi-
cation; all of whu h 1 will show, also, before 1 sit
down, and 1 do not mean to be long. The case
is veiy plum. Of course the sum and substance
of the whole argument is, thai the icquiretl oath is
unconstitutional, oi at least that it is ineons'steni
; with the text of the Constitution. Let me follow
! the Senator in his appeal to the text of tin Cousti-
; tution. The Constitution pays in the thud clause
of at tide six:
j c'Thc Senators am! Ilopri tentniivt.^ hefj/c mentioned,
j ami the m<'inb<'H of the -evera! St ue Le^-latines, and ail
i executive and imlieiai <,tlief t---. both of (he United ^tatei>
1 and ot the '-evcrrii ik-rit /■rbninid l-y oaLhor ajftnua-
tiQii to stivyort f/us Constitution "
"Shall be bound by oath oi affirmation to sup-
port this Constitution." That is all that wc find m
. the text of tin' Consrtution with regard to the re-
