THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
I would prefer to make it effective; and as the
chairman of the Military Committee,and all who
have spoken, look upon this as a war measure,
settling the question in Missouri, so far as that
State is concerned, making her, in fact, in sympa-
thy and in interest bound firmly to the Union.
At the same time, the question of the abolition of
slavery in the Sta te, is a question abou t which the
Legislature must be permitted to exercise some
discretion, and alternative propositions are but
just to be presented to them. "We ought to gain
a little something from the history of the past.
Rhode Island is a good free State; Connecticutis
a glorious free State, so are New York and Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey. How have all these
States conducted themselves on this troublesome
question of emancipation of the slaves within
their limits? Rhode Island led the way by enact-
ing in 1784:
" That no person born within this State, on or after the
1st day of March, A. D. 1784, shall be deemed or consid-
ered a servant for life, or a slave; and that all servitude for
life or slavery of children, to be born as aforesaid in conse-
quence of the condition of their mothers, be, and the same
is hereby, taken away, extinguished, and forever abolished.
" Sec. 9. *&nd be it further enacted, That every child born
on or after the said l^t day of March, A. D. 1781, whose
mother is or shall be a slave, shall be supported and main-
tained by the owner of the mother until such child arrives
at the age of twenty-one years, provided the owner of the
.uother shall during that time hold her in slavery."
They further provided—
" That all persons holdon in servitude or slavery, who
shall be emancipated by those who claim thetn, shall be
supported In the same manner as other paupers, if they
shall become chargeable: Provided, They shall be at the
time of their emancipation under the age of thirty yearn, and
of sonnd body and mind ; to be judged of and determined
by the town councils of the towns in which they may re-
side; and that all persons lioklen in servitude or slavery,
who may not be of the description la**t mentioned, and who
shall he manumitted or emancipated by their owners, or
who frhall not be emancipated according to the provisions
of this act, shall be maintained and supported at the co?«t
and charge of their owners, their heirs, executor*, or ad-
ministrators, if they shall ever become chargeable to the
town or towna in which they shall reside."
This was the law of Rhode Island. What was
the law of Connecticut? Connecticut provided,
about the same time, by an act passed in 1784—
" That no negro or mulatto child that shall, after the 1st
day of March, 1784, be born within this State, shall be held
in servitude longer than until they anive to the age of
twenty five years, notwithstanding the mother or parent of
Buch child was held in servitude at the time of itsbuth; hut
such child, at the age aforesaid, shall be free, any law, usage,
or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.'^
It was provided also, in 1792, that curtain slaves,
not less than twenty-five years of age nor more
than forty-five years of age, might be emancipated
under certain provisions of the statutes in the State
of Connecticut. This was the system adopted hy
that State. And now, sir, what was the act of the
great State of New York on this question of eman-
cipation? New York provided, in 1799—
"That every child born of a slave within this State after
the 4th day ot July, in the j"ear ot our Lord J 7{J9, shall be
free, butshall remain the servant of the owner of his or her
mother, and the executors or administrator of such owner,
in the same manner as if such child had been bound to ser-
vice by the overseers of the poor, ami shall continue in such
service, if a male, until the ago of twenty-eight years, and
if a female, until the age of twenty-live years."
The State of New York entered first on this
system in 1799, but in 1817 it passed another act
in which it declared that all slaves born prior to
1799 should be free in 1827, and upon the year
1827 arriving all the slaves of New York wore
free. This was her system of emancipation.
Now, sir, if we look at the action of the great
State of Pennsylvania in that act of her Legis-
lature which was drawn by Benjamin Franklin,
the author and founder, they say, of the first abo-
lition society in the United States, it is provided
in that act—
uThat all persons, as well negroes and mulattoes as
others, who shall be born within this State from and after
the passing of ihn act, shall not bedecmed and considered
as servants for life, or slaves; and that all (servitude for life,
or slavery of chihiien, in consequence of the slaveiy of
their mothers, in the ease of alt children born within this
State from and after the passing of this act as aforesaid,
shall be, and hereby is, utterly taken away, extinguished,
and forever abolished: Provided always, and be it further
enacted, That uvery negro and mulatto child horn withm
this State after the passing ot this act as aforesaid (who
would, in case thb act had not been made, have been born
a servant for years, or life, or slave,) shall be deemed to be,
and shall bo, by virtue of this act, the seivant of such per-
son, or his or her assign, who would in such case have been
entitled to the service offeuch child, until such child shall
attain unto the ago of twenty-eight years."
Mr. DAVIS. "Will the honorable Senator please
to give us the date of that act?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The act of Pennsylvania?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The act of Pennsylvania
was passed March 1,1780. Now, sir, what was
the action of the State of New Jersey? In 1820
an act was passed " for the gradual abolition of
slavery, and other purposes respecting slaves,'*
wherein it was provided—
" That every child born of a slave within this State sincc
the 4th day of July, 1804, or which shall hereafter be born
as aforesaid, shall be free, but shall remain the servant of
the owner of his or her mother, and the executors, admin-
istrators, or assigns of such owners, in the same manner as
if such child had been bound to seivice by the tiustees or
overseers of the poor, and shall continue in such service, if
a male, until the age of twenty-five years, and if a ftmaic,
until the age of twenty-one years."
Mr. President, I beg simply to refer to these
statutes for the purpose of showing that, on the
question as to the mode of conducting this great
scheme of emancipation, it is a matter of wisdom
to leave it to the Legislatures of the States inter-
ested; at all events, to leave to them an alterna-
tive. Therefore 1 think that the idea is a wise one
to propose to the State of Missouri to grant a cer-
tain sum if this emancipation be made immediate,
and a certain other sum if it be made more remote,
so that the sum given by the United States shall
be in proportion to the time when her act of eman-
cipation shall take effect.
Mr. President, I state frankly for myself, that
I should prefer to meet the State of Missouri pre-
cisely on her proposition which has passed.her
Legislature as I am informed, and that is, that if
we give $25,000,000 she will wipe out slavery, and
that shall be the end of it in the State of Missouri.
If, however, it is not to be ended until 1866, I
would be willing to ijive the sum proposed by the
committee; if in 1876, 1 would be willing to give
$15,000,000; if not until 1885,1 would be willing
to give $10,000,000.
Mr. President, the truth is that what I desire
most of all things, is to range the great State of
Missouri on the side of freedom; and, so far as
the moral power of that act is concerned, it is not
so essential that she shall knock off the chains
from every slave to-day, or to-morrow, or next
year, if she shall strike the blow which gives free-
dom, of necessity, to all the people of that State.
But, sir, 1 did not rise to take up the time of the
Senate; but having listened to this contrariety of
opinion, I have ventured to express my own view.
I shall support the measure, because I believe it
will have the effect, and I desire to meet the State
of Missouri. Our friends, the friends of the
Union, the friends of emancipation, are now in
the Legislature; they have been elected there on
this very question; they have the power to act,
and now is the time for us to act with them.
Mr. MORIIILL. Mr. President, nearly twelve
months ago the Congress of the United States
passed a joint resolution the puipoitof which was
that the United States ought to give pecuniary aid
to such of the slave States as would provide, by
acts of emancipation, for the manumission of their
slaves, by way of compensating those States for
the inconvenience which might arise from that
change of system. I suppose now the question
is not open to us whether or not that was wise,
expedient, politit statesmanship. Perhaps, if it
were a new question, at this moment Congress
might think differently of it, and might hesitate
to pass such an act. It will be recollected that at
that time the considerations which moved us were
different from what they are at the present time.
Then we were anxious to enlist on the side of
emancipation all of the border States. Then it was
considered to be prudent and politic to encourage
a sentiment favorable to the gradual emancipation
of slavery in those States. Then it was thought
wise and prudent to pass the resolution to which
I have alluded.
Now, sir, I for one acknowledge the binding
force of the obligation thereby created. Acting
upon that public faith thus expressed, Missouri
comes here and says that she is ready to respond,
that she takes the United States at their word,
that she is prepared to enter now on the work of
emancipating the slaves in that State; and taking
the act before us as her proposition, as I am very
much inclined to do, coming here as it does through
the advocacy chiefly of one of her Senators, if not
both, we have this proposition presented to us by
the State of Missouri: " we are disposed to strike
with the Government of the United States, pro-
vided you will give us the sum of $10,000,000 to
enable us to do so upon a system of gradual eman-
cipation; or if you will give us $20,000,000 we
will do it now; it shall be immediate, absolute,
unconditional." At first blush it would seem a
little shrewd on the part of Missouri; it looks a
little like driving a bargain with the Government
of the United States, but on reflection I am in-
clined to think it is not so. I understand this
alternative proposition to be the uesult of a prac-
tical difficulty which that State encounters in ap-
proaching the subject. That difficulty has been
explained by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson,] who takes so large an
interest in this question. I understand it to be
substantially this: if you will give us time to bring
this thingabout, we can do it for $10,000,000, but
it requires time; it must be gradual; we must have
time to shape our legislation, to change our con-
stitution possibly, to gather a convention, &c.,
but if you will give us a sum that will be regarded
Sas an equivalent for the value of the slaves at the
present moment so as to overleap the difficulties
in the constitution, the provisions which hamper
us, in that event we will go for immediate emanci-
pation. And so I understand that the alternative
proposition which is presented to us, $10,000,000
in the one case and $20,000,000 m the other, grows
out of the practical difficulty that would attend
immediate emancipation in Missouri, on account
of the provisions of her constitution.
I am very much disposed, reasoning from the
facts I have been able to gather, to take the small-
est sum and the longest time. That is my feeling
on the subject; and if I could control affairs in that
State, I should feel quite safe on that ground;
and I would say to the honorable Senator from
Missouri, "we must take the House bill, grant
$10,000,000, and give you your own time." Mr.
President, I do not feel the force of the argument
for immediate emancipation as it has been pre-
sented here by Senators, from both sides of the
Chamber I believe. Sir, I rely upon the initiation
of the measure. I will give $10,000,000 to have
the measure initiated, begun under circumstances
that will authoiize the fair inference that it will be
finally consummated; and I would not give a
farthing under any circumstances or under any
assurances of the friends of emancipation in Mis-
souri, which were not backed by facts and cir-
cumstances and events so potent in and of them-
selves as to render emancipation in Missouri prac-
ticable and feexsible.
I believe that a large portion of the people of
Missouri entertain the feeling and the sentiment
and the spirit exhibited here by the honorable
Senator from Missouri; and that is the earnest of
success. I am willing to give $10,000,000 to aid
the honorable Senator and the people of Missouri
in initiating this measure. They have elected, it
is said, a Legislature friendly to emancipation.
They have elected a Legislature, through great
trouble and tribulation, who are friendly to the
initiation of a policy of gradual or immediate
emancipation,as the circumstances shall warrant.
They are ready to vote it, if the Congress of the
United States will give them the means to enable
them to do so. Well, sir, with the events that
surround us, with the course of events which are
traveling unmistakably on to emancipation in
Missouri, I have no hesitation at all in believing
that if we grant them the money they will take
the first step, and having taken the first step, the
othersteps necessarily follow by the force ofevents
that are in existence to-day. And, sir, my belief
is that slavery will be emancipated m Missouri,
whether you vote the $10,000,000 or not. Slavery
cfrnnot survive in Missouri ten years any how,
and my conviction to-day is, that if Congress does
nothing Missouri will be a free State. The noble
sentiments uttered by the honorable Senator from
Missouri in this debate in the last two days are
an earnest that it will be so. He tells you that
whatever your action is he will go forward; he
is for emancipation; he is for putting that State4
on the side of the free States; and I trust the peo-
ple of Missouri have caught his spirit; and my
conviction is that it will be a free State indepentf
en t of your action. Then why give the $10,000,000 ?
Why, sir, as a military measure, I would give
$10,000,000 to-day to have the people of Missouri,
through their constituted agents and representa-
tives, say to the world that they are on the sid«
of the free States and of freedom. If Missouri*
