imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
There can be no hesitation r<;^>mniG: the power to tSitoct
their own officer?- ami the conMiruent pints of ('ouzre^.
Beside-, if the Suite Legislatures were to be left to duoci
and arrange thu l>u«inc«.?., they would pa*-, diftcieut laws,
and ihe o Hi em's murht ho bound in dittbicut decrees ro sup-
port the Constitution. Ho Ji«>t only thought Congress had
tjie power to do what was proposed by lite Senate, but lie
judged Jt expedient al-o.
,,ltMr. Jackson*. Tin; States had hotter be left to legulate
tfyis matter among themselves; for an oath that is not vol-
untary is? seldom held sacred Compelbngpeople toswear
tosupport the Con>titnt!on will he like the attempt* of Brit-
ain, during the kite Revolution, to secure the fidelity oftho-e
who fell vvitiiui the influence of her arm<; and, like those
attempts, tluey will he Irn-trated. The moment the patrv
/could get fiofu under lu-r winjrs the 0.1th of allegiance w.i-
dir-rcganfcd. If thos?taie ollieers will not willimdv pa\ tin-
testimony of their attachment to the Constitution, whai i-
extorted from them against their liichnauon is not mueh to
be iciied on.
" Mr. Lawrbncp. Only a few words will be neces^aiv
to convince us that Confess have this power. If de-
clared hv the Constitution that iu ordinances shall he the j
supreme law of the laud. If the Constitution i-i the supreme 1
law of the land, every part ol ir mu>t partake of this j
supremacy; consequently, every General decimation it'
contains is the s-upieme law. But then these <rem-r.il dec-
laration- cannot he carried into efleet without p.ntieu'ar
regulation- adapted to the cireuin-iancex : these pariicuhu
regulation? arc to he made by Congress, who. hv the Con-
stitntion, have power to make all l.tw< neee^aiy or pioper
to carry the declaration-of the Constitution into effect.
The Constitution Iikewi-e declares that the iuetnbci-o! the
State Lejji-lafme-, and all officer, executive and judicial,
shall take an oath to oippoi r the Constitution Tin- <h cla-
ratiou is genoial, and it lies with the supieuie Le<ji>lature
to detail and regulate tt.
c: Mr. Sherman. It appears accessary to point out the oath
itself, as wen a* the tune and mautiei of takma it. No
other Legislature is competent to all the^o purpo>e-; but 1!
they worejlieie i- a piopueiy in the -upreme Legislature'-
doin<  it. At the <amc tune, ii the State Legislature- take it
hp,it cannot operate dwuneeabiy upon them to lind all
their nelittiboiing States obliged to jom them in supporting
a mea-ure they appiove. What a State Le«it.l:itme may do
Will be Good ji> hn a< it coe-. On 1 h<* -auie punciple the
Constitution will apply to each individual ol the Stale offi-
cer:?; Uiev may go without the duoc.ion of tin ^tute Legis-
lature to ;i ju-oce and take the 0:1th vohint.u ilv.
<*Thi>. I .-uppo-e, would be binding upon them ; butthi-
is not sati-faetou ; ihe Government ou::ht lo know that the
oath ha> been propylly taken ; anil tin - can > id(\ be done
byageneiaf legui.wiou. /f it 1- 111 the di-eieti.m ol the
State Legiviatmrv to make l.m\- tocany the d< el. nation of
the Con-tiluno.i into exeemiou, the\ have the power of re-
fusing, and m iv avoid ! he po-uivc iniuneiion- of the Cou-
fetnutum. A? tlie power of Con^res- in tins paitieul.u ex
tends over the \\ hide I'iikhi, u mo-t piopoi lor u- to take
the subject up ami make the propei ptovi-rou foi cairvmg
it into execution to the intention ol the Constitution !"
The first Congress under tin4 Constitution pre-
scribed tlie form of the oalh. That oath, as pre-
scribed by the direction of ihe Constitution l)V the
First Congress, has bven administered to every
Senator piesent. Each of them has taken pre-
cisely tlio oalh wluoh the gentleman says in sub-
stance he pioposcs to administer to them. Tlie
oath he requires them to lake, he Kays, is not dif-
ferent in its meaning, in its effect, in its substance;
it only goes into ihe paniculate; but the whole of*
those pai ticu lai s, lie s;jys,aie identical wnh t he-
oath thai he adnnis they have already taken; that
is, the oath the (ornt ofwhieh wau pre-'c 1 ibet! by
the Fust Conirtess; and they having Liken that
oath, 1 deny that he ot tin; Senate has a tiiihi to
impost* upon iln-so genth men to lake tlx4 oath (he
second time. I deny it for the oilier reason which 1
stated : the oath is d liferent tn some ofay blanches;
and to the extent that 11 is different, it is adding
to the qualifications of membeis of ihe Senate.
Mr. filUAnSULL. J think tins is one of the
most profitless and out of the way discussions
thai I have ever listened to in lh<> Senate of the
United States, We iiad the ai guinea t of !he Sen-
ator from f\entu<ky, when tiny law wii« under
consideration, against jts ptissaije. The Con^jTh-s
Ol the United States, eouMsting of two blanches,
thought fu to enact the law; and now the Sena-
tor makes a speech a^amsi the enforcement of the
Jaw, Tile Senate of the United States is not the
tribunal to which you are to appeal to te.-t the
consUtutioiMhty c-f a law, and it s< cms to me that |
"we have mnhmg to do hi re but t 1 comply with '
the laws of the land. I am astonished that su< h j
an argunnut should be bruii<iht in :
Mr. DAViS. Wil! the honot.iblc Seruitoi [jfr- i
mil me to pay a won! r
Mr. TLILAII3ULL. If it jx to ask a question
or to say u word, I have no objection, but not to
make u speech. 1 do not want to give up thelloor
for Hn aignni'Mit.
Mr. Just to make a ytatement. When
the Senate is a.-ked to interpose to execute a law,
that the .Senate cannot jud-  whether that law is
valid 01 not, 0s being constitutional or unconsti-
tutional, is the most 1 xtraordinary position f ever
knew any man to take who hud any claims to
being; a lawyer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I am astonished at
my friend from Kentucky. He talks of a peison
being beclouded. If it is not a law, does not the
Senator know that the proper way is to repeal it?
You talk about the Senate of the United States
setting at defiance the laws they pass!
Mi-: DAVIS. It is no law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are you going to pass upon
that, after the Senate has said it is a law? We
might adopt a rule here to-day 1 hat the Senator
should not speak more than four fifths of the time
of the Senate, and he might say " it is no rule at
all; I will not abide by it;" but if we adopted it,
he would have to abide by it if he was a member
of the Senate.
Now, sir, [ am notgoing to make an argument,
but to state a fact; and I should like to have the
Senator's attention, and the attention of the mem-
bers of the Senate, to the fact I state. The posi-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky would own-
turn tlie practice of this Govei nmeut from the day
it, was oiganized. What does the Constitution
say ?
The f?cnatois and Representative* bcfoie mentioned,
and the member of the several State Legislature*, and till
executive and judicial officers, both of the United States,
and of the -eveial State?.shall be hound by oath or anim-
ation to support thirf Constitution "
The same oath is to he administered to Senators
and Representatives here, <0 Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the State Legislatures, and to judges
in the United Stales courts and judges in the courts
of the States; precisely the same oath is to be ad-
ministered to all. Now, the Senator gets up here
and tells you you can only administer the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
What did the fatheis believe? They, in the v< iy
fiist Congress that met, in 1789, provided for the
appointment of jud^i s. What sort ofan oath did
they r< (pure those judges, judicial officers here, to
take ? Precise! v the same oath as Senators, accord-
ing to the Senator's argument, and that can only
bean oath to support the Constitution. Now, let
me read from the act of 1789 organizing the judi-
cial system of the United States, what the first
Corigress thai ever met, composed largely of men
who fiamed the Constitution, believed tn teirard
to the oath. The eighth section of the judiciary
act declares:
uThat the ju*tice« of the Supreme Court and the di--
ti iet judjre-*, Ivi'oie they proeei-d to cxieutc the duties of
their ic-pcetive office*., shall lake the following oalh or af-
hnnaiuM, to wit: 'LA lb do solemnly sweat (or affirm)
that I will .uhuiiH-tei ju-tice without 1 expert to por-ou*,
and do equal 1 iirot 10 the poor and to the nch, and that I
w ill la it hi 11 hv and impartially dt-ch.-utrc and perlonn all the
dune- incumbent upon me a ,according to the br-t ot
in> iibiluie.~ nud undci-lauding, airieeahly to the Constitu-
tion and luws of the United States. So help me God.'
Chief Justices Marshall and Taney and all the
judges took that oath. Do you not think it was
abominable that they should be requned to take
an oath that they would do equal justice to the
1 ich and t he pooi ? How could they take such an
oath? Did the Senator ever serve in the Legis-
lature of Kentucky? I would venture anything
that if he ever set ved in the Legislature of Ken-
tuiky, when he took his oath in that Legislatuie
he swore not only to support the Constitution of
the United States but the const nut ion of Kentucky.
IIow did he do it? IIow could you do that r
M r. DAVIS. Because the constitution of Ken-
tucky requited it.
^Mr. TRUMBULL. And the constitution of
Kentucky overrode ihe Constitution of tile United
States, did it? The Constitution of the Unned
Stales said you should take a particular oath, de-
nuding to your argument, and that was that you
should suppoit tlie Constitution of the United
States ; and there you went into t he Kentucky Le-
gislature and took that furt her oaLh th.it you would |
si'opori the constitution of Kentucky. Now is 1
there an officer in any of the States that does not
tdke, in addition lo tlie oath to support the Con
sutntion of the United States, an oat!) tosuppoit
the constitution of his Slate and to dischaiue the
duties of his office? That is all there is to this.
The sL.'utes are full of it from the beginning of
ihe Crt• vet tunent to this day. Something mote is
lequired of ever y judge of the Supienu. Court.
W e ha\ e had thre" judires recent 1 v up pom led ; and
if you w-li go and examine the files you will find
the oath filed away that I have just lead to you;
and yet now, forsooth, the only thing we can
swear them to in so many v^ordsis, " I will sup-
port the Constitution of the United States."
Now, sir, i want to get rid of this question. I
think it needs no order; we want no inle of the
Senate, and I appeal to my friend from Massa-
chusetts now to lay his rule aside. We have got
a law of Congress which requires a certain oath,
arid it is the duly of the Presiding Officer to ad-
minister it to anybody who thinks proper to take
it; and if there is anybody that refuses to take it,
it will bo time enough to decide on the conse-
quences as to him hereafter. I suggest to my fr iend
from Massachusetts to let his-resolulion lie on the
table, (f understand that the Secretary has writ-
ten out the form of the oath,) and that the Pre-
siding Officer call upon Senators who have been
elected since the enactment of this law on the 2d
of July last, such Senators as think proper, to come
forward and subscribe the oath, anil let it be filed
in accordance with the law in the office of*tho
Secretary of the Senate; and if any one refuses to
take it, it wilt be time enough hereafter to determ-
ine the effect of that refusal. 1 hope my friend
will consent to this suggestion, and let us end this
profitless discussion about a law that we cannot
repeal. I move with that view tTiat the resolution
be laid on the table, and I ask that the Presiding
Officer administer the oath to such persons as think
proper to take it in accordance with the law. if
any one refuses, it will be time enough to determ-
ine what shall be done as to him hereafter.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will yield
one moment, as his motion is not debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw it if there is
anything like a desire to continue this debate.
Miv.SC/iVfNER. J wish before the subject is
laid on the table to say one word in reply to what
seemed to be the prevailing idea of the last re-
tnaiksof the Senator from Ivcntucky. He said,
as J understand him, that Senators had already
taken one oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and that it was not in our power
now to add another oath. Why, sir, I would ask
that Senator whether it is not in cur power to
require Senators to take the oath to support the
Constitution daily. Is there anything in the Con-
stitution against u? The text is as follows:
"The Senators and Representatives! bciorc mentioned'*
* * * * "shall be bound by oath or afTumaiion
to support this Constitution." <
That is ail. It leaves the whole question open
when they shall take that oath, in what form they
shall take it, and how tire oath shall be recorded.
I think, therefore, all of the last remarks of the
Senator full entirely to the ground. Because we
have already taken one oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, it does not follow
that we should not take also another oath.
And now as to the suggestion of my friend from
Illinois. I3e knows perfectly well that 3 brought
foi ward this proposition simply by way of direct-
ing attention to wh.it seemed to me to be an im~
portantquestion,and because i thought there had
been an omission at the beginning of this session,
and I saw no other way of cotrectinir it but in
the manner 1 proposed. I ha\e already, as the
Chair will remember, asked permission to take
and subscribe that oath in open Senate, and I hope
that the Chair will consent to administer the oath
to me.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to make one ob-
servation. That oath I am prepaied lo take at any
time; but I wish to remaik here that in doing so
it will not be because I think Congress has the
power to enforce such an oath on Senators. I
think the Constitution governs us; but at the same
time, under present cn cumstances, I think there is
notliing in tlie oath that a good cit :/en and a Sen-
ator should not be willing to take; and 1 have no
objection to taking it at any time. Still, 1 do not
btlicve it to be 111 the power of Congress to re-
quire it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
proposes now to take and subsciibe tins oath, in
pursuance of the law of the 2d of July last; ard
that being done, the Chaii will admin istei the oath
to such membeis as will wiuntaijiy take it. A
copy of it lias been made ready for the signatures
of such members who have bten eleeud since the.
passage of the law, or t'i elected, as will voluntarily
subscribe it, and the Chair will request the Sen-
ator fiom Connecticut [Mr. Foster] to adminis-
ter the oath to the Chair, as Senator from the
State of Vermont.
