1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1501
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask that tlie resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts be laid upon
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be laid
on the table by common consent.
Mr. FOSTER administered to Mr. Foot the
following oath:
" T, Solomon Foot, do solemnly swear that T have never
voluntarily borne arm> against the United States since I
have been a cil.zen thereof; that T have voluntarily given
no mil, countenance, counsel, or encouiagement to poi-
sons i n aged m armed ho&tility thereto; that I h.ive neither
sought nor accepted nor attempted toexeiei^c the* func-
tions of any office whatever under any auihorny or pie-
Tended authority in hostility to the United States; that I
have not yielded a voluntary ^uppmt to any pieterided ^"v-
ernniPnt, authority, power, or constitution, within the Uni-
ted States, ho>tile or inimical theieto. And I do luuher
swear that, to the besi of my knowledge and ahihtv. 1 will
support and defend tin; Constitution of the United State-*
ag.un-t all enemies, foreign and dome-tic ; that i will bear
tine faith and ailejranec to the same; that 1 take thn obli-
gation freely, \\ ithout an> mental lesei v.u ion <>t pmpo>e of
evasion ; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the
duties of the oltiee on which I am about to enter. Ho help
me God."
Mr. Foot then subscribed the engrossed copy of
theoath winch had been prepared by theSecietary.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. The Chair will
now direct the Chirk to call in alphabetical order
the names of all Senators who have Ixvn elected
or reelected since the 2d of July, 1860, that be mi;
the day of the approval of the act; and taich Sen-
ators present whose names shall be called, as
choose to do so, will come forward to the Secre-
tary's desk and receive the oath of office admin-
istered by the tihair, after which they will have
an opportunity to subscribe the oath.
The Secretary called the names of Messrs.
Bayard, Bowdkn, Buckalew, Chandler, Dix-
on, Doolittle, Harding, Hendricks, IIkks,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Richardson,
Sprague, Sumner, Wade, and Wright.
Messrs. Bayard, Doolittle, and Richardson
were not present.
Messrs. Buckalew, Hendricks, Johnson, and
"Wright remain* d hi their seats.
Messrs. Bowden, Ciivndler, Dixon, Hard-
ing, Micks, Morgan, Morrill, Spragite, Sum-
ner,and Wade, as then names were called, came
forward, and, when I he call was concluded, the
Piesident pro tempore administered to them, col-
lectively, the oath pieseribed by the act of July
&, 186:2,'each Senator audibly repeating the words
of the oath as they were read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise merely for the purpose
of stating, Mr. President, that I have not the
slightest objection to taking the oath prescribed
by the act of 186*2, as far as I am individually
concerned. There is nothing prohibited by that
oath that I am sure will be charged to have been
committed by me. Nor do I very seriously ques-
tion the light of Congress to impose some other
oath than that which the Constitution piesci ihes.
The sixth <u tide of the Constitution, us the Sen-
ate have of course seen by the fiequeut reading
of it during this morning, mutely presci ibes thai
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States shall be taken by all offtc. rs. Then; are
two difficulties, perhaps, and only two, in my
judgment, in i elation to the propriety ol the par-
ticular oath, and the propriety of exacting any
other oath than that which is included til the oath
to support the Constitution.
The first is, that leceutly after Congress was
organized under the Constitution of the United
States, it was decided that a member of the Sen-
ate or of the House of Representatives, was not
an officer of the United States in tlie meaning of
that term as found in the Constitution; that a mem-
ber of the Senate could not be impeach* d, orHhe
crround that no was not a civil otlicei ot the Uni-
ted States. The act of July 2,186x!, provides that
ail civil ofiicets shall take the oath piescnbed. It
is possible that the authors of the oath, by the
language which they use in the concluding por-
tion of the act, intended to apply it to members
of the House of Representatives and members of
the Senate; but it is not so certain that they in-
tended to apply it in point of fact. The wonts to
which I refer are those which provide that the
oath shall be kept in the Houses of Congress,
among other places. That provision might jiave
been made m order to cover the cases ol officers
of the several Houses other than the members
of either House.
A
The other objection that I have to the particu-
lar oath is not one, 1 repeat, affecting me, nor
have i any reason to believe, and I certainly do
not believe, that it would affect any member now
upon the floor of the Senate. It is that it is retio-
spective in its operation. The authority to im-
pose another oath than the Constitution prescribes
is denied by my friend from Kentucky and my
friend from Delaware. They take the ground
that the particular oath mentioned in the sixth
article of tin- Constitution not only is the only one
which the Constitution authorizes, but is the only
one which can by Congress be imposed. I do
not agree in that opinion. The concluding por-
tion of the sixth article, which prescribes that the
oath shall be taken, provtdesaiso that no religious
Lest shall be prescribed; and it isevidcnf. fiom the
insertion of that provision in the clause ilint in
the judgment of the Convention, but foi the pio-
vision in the Constitution Congress might have
required other than ihe Oath to support the Con-
stitution, some test, some religious test; and in
order to prohibit the exaction of any religious
test an inhibition in express terms upon the au-
thority of Congress, the only authot ity to wh oh
the inhibition could refer, was insetted in the
clause. I hit according to my reading of the chose,
a reading not now lor the "first time given, aided
by judicial decisions and legislative intei prem-
iums, although Congress may prescube some
other oath than a mere oath to support the Con-
stitution, yet it bv no means follows that they can
prescribe an oath which is inconsistent with the
oath which the Constitution requires to be admin-
istered to each member of the Senate to suppoit
the Constitution.
This particular oath, as 1 am sine theSenatois
have seen j is retrospi etive in its opeiations. Now,
to assume, merely for the salve of the argument,
that I have rendered aid to the enemies of the
United States, at any time, the national enemies
of the United States in any international contest,
or the enemies of the United Stales to be now
found in rebellion, it by no means follows that
because I have violated the Consiiluhon in that
respect, oi in any other iespe< t, 1 am not eligible
to a seat as a Senator of the Untied Slates, or as
a member of the House of Repiesentatives, pio-
vided 1 am now faithful to mv duty as a ejtt/.en
and am willing to support the Const itu'i<>n. 1 In
only oath picsciib<d by the Const 11 u i not is an
oath to suppoi t the Constitution, and iheouth re-
quit ed by this act is an oath that yon never have
in the past violated it; so (hat U concedes that in
point of fact, a particular membei may be just as
loyal now as any other member of the body, al-
though disloyal in the past, i doubt very much
the authority of Congi ess to impose a i esti iction
of that descnption, which, according 10 my read-
ing of the article, is inconsistent with the mue
oath which tie' Constitution pirxenbes, that is to
say, an oath to support ihe Conetnutiou.
With these r 'inatks. sn, 1 am willing to take
the oath icqtnred.
Mr. HENDRICKS, f desire to adopt the ex-
planation of the Senator from Maryland, and with
th.it explanation i will take the oath, su\
The PRESIDENT/;/'; Umpoiv. The Senators
will step forward and take the oath.
Mr. Johnson, Mi. Hlndjsicivs, Air. U^cka-
lew, and Mi. Wright, then -ijion st< pp< d ho-
ward , and the oatii, pi escribed by the, act ot Jul y
2, lb62, wa« administered to them; and ibey re-
spectively subscribed the engrossed cony of U
piepared by the Secretary.
Air. SUMNER. Mr. Ptvsff&nt, I should like
to have the indulgence of the Senate, as I had the
honor of offering the icsoiuMon that has been un-
der discussion to-day, to make one word of iep!y
to the i< marks of rhe Senator fiom Maryland.
ThePRKSlDEXT pro Ump^rt. If there be no
objection, the Senator will ptoceed; but there is
no question ft fore the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. If anybody objects, we can
take it up again. Eut 1 presume there will be no
objection. The Senator irom Maryland, as 1 un-
derstand, made two oo]ec'!ons to the oath; the
fust was that, according to his interpretation oi
the Constitution, a Senator was not n civil officer,
and therefore did not, fall wit inn the r- qnuenu nts
of the statute. 11 is r-ccond objection was thai the
oath was retrospective in its character. Let me
say a word on each of these points.
11 is obvious that a Senator is n civil < f?ic< r, in
contradistinction to a military or naval officer.
Indeed, it is only by a severe techmeaijty that it'
can he said that he is not, in all respects, a civil,
officer. Hlackstone, in his Commentaries, speaks
of ihe laity of England as divided into three dis-
tinct states, the civil, the military, and ihe mar-
itime; and, in the same sense, the expenses of the
civil list officers are spoken of in contradistinction
to those of the Army and Navy.
It is probable that the Senator from Maryland
would not have mode the suggestion thata Senator
was not a civil officer, if the question had not been
presented at an early stage of our history whevi
an effort was made to impeach a Senator. Now,
it will be remembered that under the Constitution,
"ihe President,Vice-President,and all civil officers
of the United States" ore liable to impeachment.
On tin so words we have the commentary of Mr.
Justice Story, which I now hold m my hands, as
follows:
"•illl officer? of the United States, who hold thpir appoint-
ments uudei the national (iovernincnt, whether their du-
tus nto. executive or judicial, in the hignest or lowest de-
p-ii tincras ol tho (jovei nnient, \\ eh th'e exception of officers
in the Aiiiiv and Navv (a e property cicil officers, within the
mcauut'i oi the Con tilntion, and liable io impeachment.
Tho ie<i on loi exeepunir nuhtai \ and naval otiiceia ih, ilmt
they are Mibjeot t<> trial and pnm-hmenr aecoidmg to a pe-
culiai nnlmirv code, the law-, jules, and iwirjes- of war."
— Commentaries on Constitution of the Waited States, sec-
tion
According to this broad language a Senator is
clem ly a civil officer. But it has been decided by
the Senate that a Senator was not a civil officer for
purposes of impeachment. The reasons of this
decision are not known, for it was made in secret
session. Nor has the decision great weight from
the unanimity with whi^h u was adopted. The
Senate Journal shows that it was made only by
a vote of fourteen against eleven; being a small
majuiity in a small S< nate. Mr. Justice Stoiy
tells us m his Connnentai ics, that
u T(i id decision, upon winch the Senate itself was greatly
divided, seem- not to have been quite saiu-fiietoiy, a  may
In- irathei ed, tn the minds, of some learned commentators.
Had., s-ee "(93. *
And he refers in his notes to Tucker and Rawle,
hot h of whom were coteruporarios of the decision.
11 is ob \ ious, however, l hall he question w he th**r
a Senator is a civil offiucr liable to unp< achment,
is very d>ff< rent from the question whether iu  is
a civil officer m a genera! sense. He may be a
civil offict r in the la tier sense and not in the toi mer.
Not to dwell on this point, it is evident that, the
special jurisdiction which the Senate has over its
own meinbeis, with the power of punishment
even to expulsion, may be interpreted as oust-
ing all proceedings by impeachment, and that on
this account ihe Senate in the case of Mr. Blunt,
to which reference has been made, may have re-
fused to entei tain the impeachment. But what-
ever may be the value of this much-queslioned
piecedent, it is only applicable m a case of im-
peachment.
The statute prescribing the oath is not in any
way affected by this case; nor is it affected by the
language of the Constitution with regaid to im-
peachments. Here is no question of impeachment,
but a simple queslion of ihe meaniugof language
m a stature. An oath is to be administered "to
evoiy p< ison elected or appointed to any office of
honoi or profit under the Government ot the Uni-
ted Slates, cm her in the civil, military, oi naval de-
partrri'Mtls of the public, service, except the Pres-.
(dent of the United Slates;55 "which said oath so
taken and sigia d shall be preserved among the filew
of the court, House aj Congress, or departments to
which the said office may appertain. Now, sir, I
have already shown in this di bate that this oath
is < onstitutional. i believe that no question is
sei lousiy raised any longer oil that point. But it
is argued that Senatois are not included in the
t"im "civil depanmeiit" as used by the statute.
This is simply a question of intention with legaid
to which there can b^ little doubt/ It Senators do
not belong to the "civil i,epartment,,,pray, sir, to
what department do they belong? They are not
milhary'or navel. But 1 will not follow this ques-
tion further. I feel confident that it would not
havi been idised, bur for the hasty application of
lino t :u ! v" precedent about impeaehniunts which
eiitir< ly inap1 e vai*!e to the present case.
The oi hei objection of the Senator from Mary-
land was, so far as I understood, that the oath was
