MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ
January 30.
4& Aithigtuy (jod for our action and the action of
the emancipationists; but if you pass an act that
f-hey shall not be free for thirteen years, and that
in the"mean time they may be worked for nothing,
liiey may be sold, they may be sent out of the
State, and if they runaway the fugitive slave law
«*ay be brought to bear to bring them back, they
wilinotbecontented, they will be turbulent. The
very hopes of freedom thus baffled will excite
•them to action, and they will run away; and there
will-be discontent and trouble in that State on the
part of master and slave. I regard the policy as
fifed, the most fatal wo can adopt.
I am standing here battling for a practical act;
an act that shall make Missouri free, and that shall
give freedom to the iivingslaves thehi. The Sen-
a&Qr says this act of gradual emancipation will
compel the master to support the old men and the
old women. Will not men grow old up to the
time emancipation takes place in 1876? Will there
not be old men and old women to support at the
end of that time? The Senator's argument cer-
tainly has not any effect in that respect. In a
word, there is nothing on earth, no argument nor
reason, that is not in favor of immediate eman-
cipation in the State of Missouri, if it is to be
emancipated at all. I believe where you have an
immense number of these people in slavery that
a gradual system will work well; but where you
have only a few, the sooner you blot it out and
they mingle with the freemen of their State the
better. It gives them contentment, and Missouri
will get the whole benefit of the act. Emancipa-
tion will add $300,000,000 or $400,000,000 to the
wealth of that State within the next ten years.
There can be no doubt of it. This institution of
slavery in that State has cost it more than six
hundred million dollars. It is a matter of math-
ematical demonstration. If anybody doubts it, let
him read a masterly article preparing now by Rob-
ert J. Walker on the contrast between Illinois and
Missouri, and he will find it so. Now, we arc
benefiting Missouri, and I am ready to tax the toil-
ing people of my State to benefit that rising and
growing State and rid it of this institution; be-
cause I believe with the Senator that slavery is the
cause of the war, and that if wc could blot it out
all over this country to-day we would bring peace
and future repose to this Republic.
Mr. KENNEDY. I rise to ask if we are now
considering the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending question.
Mr. KENNEDY. I was not in at the time it
was offered.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is not
the amendment of which I gave notice yesterday;
that includes Maryland and Delaware and West
Virginia. It applies entirely to Missouri.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to know whether
it is the printed amendment which lias been laid
on our desks.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Igaveno-
tice yesterday that I would offer the bill to which
the Senator has referred, as an amendment to
this bill. I have not done so yet, because wc
seem to be engaged m fixing this matter in regard
to Missouri. The amendment I now offer has
reference to Missouri alone.
Mr. KENNEDY. I merely desire to say, with-
out going into any argument, tfcat I am against this
\0hole system of legislation for the emancipation
of slaves in the border slave States. When we
come to consider the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, which has been laid upon
our desks, I shall have something to say in regard
to my own State, and may, perhaps, give my own
views somewhat broadly. I will only say now
that while I am not disposed to oppose any local
proposition coming from the State of Missouri,
and while I might, from feelings of kindness, yield
my own views on such a question, I am not pre-
pared to commit myself to a policy which ac-
knowledges that the General Government has any
power under the Constitution of the United Slates
to appropriate money for the emancipation of
slaves. I have determined, sir, not to connect
myself with a record of this sort. I do not mean
that it shall be said hereafter, that I, as the repre-
sentative of a State lying in the pathway of the
great North to the capital, have interposed any
objection to the^ prosecution of their views so far
as the suppression of rebellion is concerned; but 1
must be allowed to say that in the course of the
last two years in carry ing out the purpose of end-
ing the war as it is said—of which certainly no
man is more desirous than I am—I have seen all
the sovereign rights of my State utterly disre-
garded. I do not mean now to challenge a con-
troversy as to the right of the majority to exercise
any power in theirhands to put downandto sup-
press rebellion. I only beg, as a representative of
that State, holding the rights of the State sacred
and above all usurpation of authority", if I may be
pardoned for using a word so harsh, that while we
take that ground I am not to commit myself in
any way whatever to a policy that is hereafter to
rise in judgment against you; I will not indorse
that winch I believe to be subversive of law; and
pardon me, Senators, when I say that I think it
is not a means of restoring the Union.
There is a difference of opinion between you
and me as to the measures best adapted to attain
that end. You entertain the opinion that by the
prostration of the u slave power" in the border
States, you are-best carrying out your purpose to
suppress rebellion and to put down this war. Al-
low me as a southern born man, with every blood
relative, except, perhaps, tenor twelve,across the
Potomac, to say that you arc mistaken in your
calculations. 1 choose, under the high obligations
of my oath, to sustain, support, and maintain the
Constitution, to differ from you as to the policy
best adapted to effect that purpose. In pursuing
that course I have subjected myself to denuncia-
tion as being a " sympathizer with traitors," or,
to use the Hash language of the present day, " a
semi-traitor."
Senators, I trust that all of you who have known
me during the last six years, will bear me wit-
ness, that though I have dissented from the wis-
dom of your policy, I have never interposed any
factious opposition to your coursc in carrying out
that which youdeemcd to be bestand mostoffective
in putting down the rebellion. All that I am, and
all that 1 hope to be, and all that my State is to-
day, depends upon the integrity of our great Union.
My State is (tf I may use so common-place an ex-
pression) almost the very hub, the center of this
great circle of States. Wc are too small, too weak
physically, to contend or to interpose any power
of ours against a mighty majority on one side or
the other. All that we ask for, all that we have
pleaded for, is the ful fillment of constitutional guar-
antees. All that we look to in the future is the
strictest adherence to the Constitution as it is, in
order to restore the Union as it was. But, Sen-
ators, have wc any assurance that the future is to
bring us peace and tranquillity with the policy that
has been prevailing for the last two years? I am
free to confess here to-night in my place that I
have no such hope. This may, perhaps, be re-
garded as treasonable talk, but it is not so meant.
While I have been willing to see every measure
in- full accordance with the spirit of the Constitu-
tion carried out to maintain the integrity of the
Union, I have had my misgivings all the while as
to the policy that the majority have elected to
adopt. In times past, before this revolution be-
gan, I said from my place in the Senate that I
regarded our form of government under the Con-
stitution as inadequate to control the contending
elements of revolution whenever they, should pre-
sent themselves. This may be a bold expression
for me to utter, for I am not an experienced states-
man or Senator, but it is the honest conviction of
my heart rising within me. When I have looked
• back upon the past; when I have seen the contend-
ing elements; when I have witnessed the growth
of sectional interests and of sectional prejudices;
when I have contemplated the broad expanse of
our country, I have reasoned with myself, does
the Government afford adequate strength and sup-
port to the principles upon which it is based ?
This may be considered somewhat foreign to
the subject under discussion before the Senate,
but it is preliminary to the statement of the con-
clusion to which I have come. Sir, it will be dan-
gerous to ourlibcrties whenever the General Gov-
ernment assumes to itself the right to dictate a
construction of the Constitution at variance with
the received opinions of this land for eighty years.
That is the result of the new doctune of higher
lawism, a doctrine which has been of late years
inculcated into the minds of the American people.
I, the descendant of a revolutionary ancestor,
taught to believe-in all the great fundamental prin-
ciples not only of unionism, but of high consti-
tutional obligation, repudiate all that is not written
in the organic law of our land. I have contended
and maintained that the best guide for us to adopt
is the strictest possible adherence to the Consti-~
tution, not as the caprice of to-day may induce
us to interpret it, but as it has come down to us
from our fathers. If this Government to-d-ay has
not force enough under the Constitution to main-
tain its integrity inviolate, then we are fighting
for a myth, we are departing from every landmark
that has been left to us for our guidance both in
peace and war. Whenever the General Govern-
ment encroaches on the rights and interferes with
the local institutions of the States, when it as-
sumes to itself the power to construe the Consti-
tution under a particular necessity, cither in war
or peace, when it violates the great charter of
American citizenship by departing from the writ-
ten law of the land, and interfering with the rights
of the States as they were reserved and guaran-
tied to them, it is an end of all republican free
government; it is opening the door at once to the
dark cave of anarchy, revolution, rebellion, and
eternal ruin.
Acting upon my view of the Constitution, 1
must oppose all measures here for the emancipa-
tion of slaves in the States, though she States for
whom it is proposed may regard it as forced upon
them, perhaps, by circumstances from which they
see no escape. 1 regard the measure in the same
light when it is attempted to be carried out by the
edict of an elected magistrate who holds his place
for four years. In regard to the proclamation of
the President of the United States declaring free
the slaves in all the rebellious States, I hold that itis
nothing more nor less than a proclamation issuing
from this Chamber; but when Senators come into
my own State, with all the guardianship of the
Constitution thrown around its local institutions,
and attempt to interfere with slavery there, I feel
myself called upon to raise my voice in protest
againstsuch interference. I think thatthis whole
course of legislation in regard to slavery, instead
of putting an end to rebellion, is only extending
the field of war.
I differ from gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber in reference to the policy they have
chosen to adopt. If their policy be carried out., I
think they are likely not only to break down this
Government by the weight of the revolution they
are creating, but I feel sure that they have pro-
nounced the doom of this form of Government in
this land forever. As loyal to the oath that I took
at your desk, sir, to support and sustain the Con-
stitution of the United States, I should be recre-
ant to my own honor, to my own sense of justice
and truth, did I not give utterance to these senti-
ments. I do not agree with the policy which you
have adopted, and 1 feel bound frankly to state
some of my reasons. If by any argument or wish
expressed by gentlemen here I could be induced
to give a vote in favor of the abolition of slavery
in the border States, it would, in my humblejudg-
ment, only be prolonging the war to an endless
time. You may smother itand crush it for a time,
but your policy will not secure permanent Union.
Indeed, the idea has been thrown out to-day asan
argument for the immediate passage of this bill
that circumstances may hereafter present them-
selves that would induce a different state of things
in the border States. I tell you as a southern man
knowing the southern people; I tell you as a man
who is proscribed to-day in the South for the ut-
terance of my sentiments and for the maintenance
of my views in accordance with the oath I took
at that desk—I dare not to-day cross the Poto-
mac—I tell you that you may fight for fifty years
and yet come no nearer to a reunion of the States
as they were.
Senators, in casting my vote against all these
measures foremancipation, either under the reso-
lution of the President or the proclamation of the
President, I am acting in accordance with a high
sense of duty. The result of such measures is
only to prolong the war, to sow wider and broader
the seeds of discord. You can have no peace while
you agitate this*question within our borders. If
the Senator from Missouri desires such a measure
for his own State, I have not a word to say, but
I desire to except my State from any such cata-
logue. Wait until our people ask for it. There
are circumstances surrounding the question in the
Stete Marylan4 deeper and broader than g&n-
