1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 10, 1863.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Suxderland.
The Journal of'ycsterduy was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON MANUFACTURES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, if there be no
other business, i he folio wing resolution, submitted
yesterday by the Senatorfruni Rhode island, [Mr.
Anthon?,] comes up in order:
Revolved. That the 31th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the lollowmg: u a Committee on Manu-
factures, to consist of five members."
The question is on agreeing to the resolution.
Tiie resolution was not agreed to.
BATTLE OF MURFitEESBORO'.
Mr. DIXON. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, That the Secietaiy of Wai be,
and he is heieby, directed to lay belorethe Senate the Lite
repoitof Geneial Lto«ecrans of the battle of Mmfreoboro',
with the reports and documents which accompany if.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion can be considered only by unanimous eon-
sent. if there be no objection Lo its present con-
sideration 
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to raise any
such question. The only question i mean to raise
is 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before there
is any debate, the Chair will ascertain whether
there is any objection to the consideration of the
resolution. There being no objection, the reso-
lution is now before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. The only question £ mean to
raise—and 1 do not mean to raise that, but I merely
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
point—is this: we aie now simply a Senate, and
not a component part of the legislative body; and
we are not here for any legislative purposes, but
for purposes purely executive. I merely wish to
ask the question whether it is expedient for the
Senate, being- here in this peculiar capacity, to
pass a resolution of this kind. If we pass this
resolution, it may open the way toother matteis
more or less of a legislative character, calls upon
the Departments, &c., all of winch have as a basis
the idea of legislation.
Mr. DIXON. According to my recollection,
it has beet) the custom of the Senate m sessions
of this descnpiton, that is, sessions for merely
executive purposes, to adopt resolutions of tins
character. It is not intended to base any legis-
lation upon it, but is intended merely for the in-
formation of the Senate. The Senator will ob-
serve teat it is a request to the Secretary of War
to lay before the Senate these documents. It seems
to me to be highly proper. My object, I am will-
ing to state, is to have them printed for the inform-
ation of the Senate and the country. They are
documentsof very gieat interest. I think justice
to the officers and soldiers who were engaged in
that very remaikable battle requires that this in-
formation should be made public. I hope tiie
resolution will be adopted.
The resolution was agreed to.
CIVIL OFFICERS AND EMPLOYES.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration;
Resolved, That the Piesidimt of the United States be re-
quested to furnish the Senate, at tno commencement i>t the
next session of Congress, with a >tatenu nto! the aggtegato
number, in each state and Tei ntoi y,and the District of Co-
lumbia. of all officer* and emplojos in the civil service of
the United States who aie subject to be removed by the
President, and all who are subject to be lemoved by any
othet officer, paining the ofhcei having the powei of te-
moval: aUo the aggieirate amount of oil pay, >alane«, pei-
quisites, 01 other compensation leceived by all such officers
and employes in each ot the States an(lTe"iiitone&, and the
District ot Columbia, m the aggregate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the res-
olution ?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think it had bettor lie over.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over under the rule.
COMMITTEE ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was not attending to the
business df the Senate when the resolution I of-
fered yesterday for the appointmentofa Commit-
tee on Manufactures was rejected. 1 ask that the
vote rejecting it may be reconsidered. 1 will not
press the resolution now, but I prefer that it should
not be rejected in so thin a Senate and without any
opportunity to discuss it. I move that the vote
rejecting the resolution appointing a Committee
on Manufactures be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 will not ask the Senate
to take that vote at present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie upon the table.
.WILLIAM II. ST. JOHN.
Mr. HARRIS. I have been requested to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to William H.
Sr. John, the assistant in charge ot the furnaces, seventy-
five dollars per month in lieu of that now received by him.
I move it be referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate.
It was so referred.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 11, 1803.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT ON ARIZONA.
Mr. ANTIIONY. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President of the United State* bo tc-
qnet-ted to communicate to the Senate the report of Major
I). Uergu-on, on the country, its te<ouice<*. and the route
between Tue-on and hobos bay, (place known as Liber-
tad,"> via Anvaca and Altar, or Coboica, dated December
2, iSfio.
Mr GRIMES. I would inquire of the Senator
from Rhode Island what that expedition is, and
how lai«:e the document is?
Mr, ANTHONY. It is about twelve pages,
and it contains some valuable infonnation in le-
gaid to the Territory of Aiizona. The object of
offenng the tesolution is to have it jninted. 1
suppose it will eost ten or fifteen dollais.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CIVIL OFFTCERS AND EMPLOYES.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the lesolution I offered
yesteiday be called up and adopted. It meicly
asks ioi information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion wtii be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Piemdenf of thf United States be ie-
quested to lurnis-h the Senate, at the commencement ot tin*
next M'tffjon ol Countess, with a -tateiiifni of the nggrecau
munbet,in each State and Teintwi\, and iiie Distinct of
Columbia, of all officeis and employes in the civil sctviee
of (he United State.-, who aie subject to be icmoved b\ tiie
President, ami all who are <-ub|i et to be n-moved by any
othei office!, naming the officer having the powei of re-
moval ; aho the aggregate amount ol all pav, salarn—. jici
qiiiMte , or other o>mpi'u~ation rccived ny ail sikIi of-
ficers and employes m each ot the State-and Temtoues,
and the Disiik t ol Columbia, m tne ablegate.
Mr. CHIMES. 1 move to amend, the resolu-
tion m the last clause, when- it speaks of compen-
sation, by inseiting " in whatever capacity they
may have acted." Some officcis have acted, I
supfiose, in n double capacity.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept that modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the mover of the i esohtuon so to modify it.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have no objection at all
to the resolution; 1 should like to haw the inform-
ation; but has the Senator fjom Kentucky re-
flected or taken into ao-ount the time and cost of
preparing all tins? 1 do not believe fifty men can
do it from now until the next session of Congtess.
Mr. DAVIS. The whole of the information is
in the Blue Book, or with very slight exceptions;
and all that will be required will be to condense it.
I can do it myself in a month easily. I have no
doubt it can be done in a few days with the pi oper
force of clei k«.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am,liketh^ Senator from
Rhode island, entirely willing thai any informa-
tion should be obtained that is necessary, but J
think, with him, that the clerks in the Departments
and the hn d« of Departments have enough to
do without hunting up in a different form;from
that in which it is already published, for the con-
venience, perhaps, of the Senator from Kentucky,
or somebody else, this information, and revising
it. The Blue Book is published at the cominence-
mentofevery Congress. Weshail have a newone
next winter when we meet here, which will (con-
tain the name of every officer in the. Government,
together with his salary, and the State where h,e
was born, and the State whence he was appointed,
with much other information.
Now, it is proposed to pass a resolution here at
this executive session requiring the Departments
to prepare this information in a little different
form, as I understand it, to throw it together.
The Senator from Kentucky wants the appoint-
ments from each State consolidated. He can get
them by looking over this book; and if it is to
save him from some little trouble—I do not know
what purpose he wishes it for—it seems to me it
is putting- the Government to an unnecessary ex-
pense. Unless there issome public importance to
bo derived from an answer to this call, I do not
think the Senate ought to pass the resolution; and
I should like to know from the Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky what the public importance of it is, for the
substantial facts that lie is inquiring after are all
published at the commencement of every Con-
gress under *the laws as they now stand. Jt is
unpleasant to resist a resolution of inquiry, and I
do not say that I will vote against it. If the Sen«
a tor from Kentucky can show any public import-
ance to be derived from it, I certainly shall not
object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I submitted at the late session
two pi opinions to amend the Constitution of the
United Slates. Idid not call those resolutions up
for consideration, because I did not think the time
and the occasion auspicious for their deliberate
and proper consideration. One of them proposes
an amendment in the mode of the election of the
President of the United States. Gentlemen who
choose can know what my project is by referring
to the printed resolutions. Another resolution
that I offered, proposingan amendment to the Con-
stitution, contemplates the regulation of the whole
power of removal, and seeks to put it upon this
basis: that the President alone shall have the power
to remove from office at his will all of his chief ex-
ecutive officers, and all embassadors and diplo-
matic agents, and that in relation to all that class
ofofiiceis to whoscappoiiKmentthcadviceand <*on-
fii mation of the Senate is necessary, the President
shall have power to make a temporary lemoval
which shall continue until the end of the next en-
sums; session of the Senate,and then the removal
shall cease, and have no further effect, unless the
Senate shall have concurred in the removal from
office; and m relation to all that class of executive
officers who are appointed by the President, or
any of the heads of Departments, or any other
power, without the concurrence of the Senate be-
ing required, they may be removed forcause; but
that at the commencement of each session the
Ptesident shall offer to Congress a list of all the
officeis icmoved, with a statement of the causes
of removal.
Now, sir, it may he that I give very undue im-
portance to these propositions; but, in my opin-
ion, since the adoption of the amendments to the
Constitution, more important propositions iiave
never been before Congress, i believe that these
two matteis will have to be reformed, and that the
experience and judgment of the country will re-
quire (hem ro be refot med, if we reconstruct again
and bring the States together in the Union. It js
my purpose to make at the next session of Con-
gress, emiy m the session, the best-considered
speech that I can make m support of each of these
propositions. 1 want this information for the pur-
pose of ill ust i at! niz; and enforcing one of them. As
the Senator from Illinois says, the whole of the
information whn'h I desire will be embodied in
the next Blue Book, but it will be scattered over
six or eight bundled pages, and it will be great
labor to eoiiect it together. While the clerks nre
compiling that Blue Book, they can get the inform-
anon together without losing the time which it
would cost me to do it. I hope that the courtesy
of the honorable Senator from Illinois and of
other gentlemen will permit the resolution to pass.
If it gave any considerable employment 10 the
oletks of the Departments 1 would not ask for it,
hot I am assured it will not.
