626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. MePHERSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a state-
mentin orderto preventconfusion. When aprop-
osition has been read by the Clerk and the Chair
has stated the question it will be the time to make
an objection.
SIMON AXD EMANUEL BAMBERGER.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the benefit of Simon and Emanuel
Bamberger; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
EXPLORATIONS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, by unanimous* consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read,considered, and, under the rales, referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of printing two thousand
copies of Lieutenant Warren's repoit of ihe explorations of
Dakota; also, five thou*-and copies of the report of Captain
Reynolds's explorations ou ttie Yellow Stone river in the
year 1860, for the use of the House; and to report by bill or
otherwise.
TRACK OF PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a uniform width of track
for the Pacific railroad and its several branches;
•which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the select committee on the Pacific mil-
road.
" PRIZE CASES IN NKW YORK, ETC.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the following resolution to
follow up the resolution passed yesterday:
Resolved, That the Presidentof the United States lie, and
hereby is, requested to infinite proceedings at the proper i
Departments in Washington, and of the proper otiiceis ot j
the United States in the city of Now Yoik, and inform this j
House, if not incompatible with the public inteiests, m ic- ,
lation to the following matters: 1. The number ot suits in
prize which have been commenced m ihe distnct couir of
Hie United States for the southern district of New York
elnce the date of the proclamation of the President of the
United State? of April 19,1801, and the titles of said hints so
commenced. The numbei aud titles- ofsaui suits no com-
menced which have been ti led oi disposed of by final dectecs j
of condemnation or of acquittal in said district eoutt, and j
an accurate statement ot tin* disposition made of such mui^. i
3. The number and title-! of all suits so commenced in which ;
appeals from final decrees of said distnct court have been J
taken to thechcuitcourtoftheUnited States tor thchoulh- '
em district of New York. 4. The number and titles of all ;
suits so commenced disposed of in said district court and i
appealed Iheiefioin to ihe said eiieuit court which have i
been disposed of in said circuit court, and how disposed j
of, together with the number and titles of all such suits so |
disposed of in said eiieuit eourt in which appeals have I
been taken or pio-eeuted to tile Supreme Court ot the 1
ted States. 5. The number of hints m commenced and
appealed, if anv, which have been finally disposed of in
said Supreme Court, and a statement ol the lesult of such
disposition. G. The number and titles of all suits so com-
menced hi which the ve^lsoi propeity pioeeecled niram-u
have been sold by the mai.-hal ot the southern di-tnetof
New York, giving (1st) the appraised value of such piop-
crty so sold in sucli suit; (2d) the name oi the am noueei; i
(3d) the amount of the yio-^s pioceeds of the sale of all the
property in such suit; (-Hh) the amount ot money depos-
ited, if any, by «aid marshal with the Assistant Tieasurer
of the United States ;it New Yoik in each suit, in compli-
ance with net of Congress, chaptcr2Ul, section 1*2, approved
July 17,1862; (5th) the amount of money withdrawn by the
eaid marshal trom said Assistant Tieasuicr in each suit,
and under what oider or authowty such sums, if any, have
been withdrawn Irom said Assistant Tieasurcr, the names
of the parties to whom such sums so withdrawn, it any,
bave been paul, and toi what services, if anv. 7. In case
the marshal afuiesaid shall not have paid into theTieasury
of the United States lor safe-keeping all money arising in
such cases from the sale ol piopeitv under the pnzo laws of
the United States, whether under interlocutory oi final de-
cree, but has deducted therefrom cei tain costs and disburse-
ments, then a detailed statement of such co^-ts and dis-
bursements in each case, together with nanx s of pcison or
persons to whom payments v\ ere made, amount theieof,aud
for what service, if any. 8. The amount ot bills for eosts,
allowance"?, or disbursements picsented in eacli esse by ihe
United Stales attorney, marshal, puze commis-donei?, and
counsel for captors, or for the Navy Department in pi id-
ealises in said district to the judire of said district com t for
taxation and allowance ; the sums of money, if any, which
have been taxed or allowed by vaid judge to each of said offi-
cers respective!},.showing meach case the amount claimed
and the amount allowed by said judge to each ot the said
otiiccrs respectively; and whether the allowances which
have been made oi paid to the distuctattorney and maishal
are included in the fees and emoluments of their oflices pro-
vided by the fee bill of 13o3, from which those officers ;ire not
bylaw permuted to letain, for their own personal compen-
sation, a sum over $G,0CK) per year. 9. What sum or sums
of money, it any, have been paid, allowed, or agreed to be
allowed by the said dt-trict attorney as compunction to his
assistantsand cleiks for services in such pnzecauses. 10.
What sums of money, if any, have been allowed or taxed
as compensation or fees to counsel for captoia many of such
prize causes, and whether such sums have been deducted
worn tho grow proceeds of the sale of such vessels or prop-
erty, or from such portion of such proceeds as by law be-
longs to the captors only. 11. The names of any and all
agents or counsel appointed, retained, or employed by the
Secretary of the Navy, or by any other officer of the Gov-
ernment, to assist the district attorney for the southern dis-
trict of New York, or the Attorney General, or in any way
to protect the interests of the United States in the prose-
cution or trial, either in New York or before the Supreme
Court in Washington, of prize causes begun in the southern
district of New York, together with names of officers by
whom such agents or counsel were retained or are now
employed, the date and terms of such retainer or employ-
ment, the precise sum, if any, of money already paid or
agreed to be paid to such agents or counsel by the United
States or claimed therefrom by such agents or counsel, and
the title of the case in which such agents or counsel were
retained or services rendered.
Mr. FENTON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. F. A. CONKL1NG. I hope that the gen-
tleman will be permitted to state his reasons for
objecting to the resolution.
■flic SPEAKER. He cannot do so except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. FENTON. I am willing to give my rea-
sons. The special committee on Government
contracts have that subject under consideration.
Besides, by a resolution passed by the House,
and which was introduced by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] all the information
here sought is called for.
Mr. COX. But not with so much detail and
particularity as by my resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
j Mr. COX. Of course you do; because it gets
j at your friends.
COLLECTION Oi' KEVIflNUR IN TEXAS, ETC.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported back House
i bill No. 51^, to facilitate the collection of the rev-
enue in El Paso county, Texas, and in New Mex-
ico, with a substitute; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the substitute ordered to be printed.
THANKS TO D. D. POUTER, U. S. N.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, cor-
dially recommending, in conformity to the law
| of July 1C, that Commander David D. Por-
! tor, United States Navy, acting rear admiral,com-
manding the Mississippi squadron, receive a vote
of thanks of Congress for the bravery and skill
displayed in the attack on the Post of Arkansas,
which surrendered to the combined military and
naval forces on the 10th instant; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
NEGRO SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER stated the business in orderto
bo House bill No. 675, to raise additional soldiers
for the service of the Government. The question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman*;] on which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Wadswortii] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr.WADSWORTH. Mr.Speaker, many con-
siderations admonish me to be content with the
situation in which this subject was left yesterday
by my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Critten-
den,] in a speech as noble as thatspirit which has
animated his pure public life for now near half a
century, and which has crowned him with the love
and respect of people of all sections and all par-
ties—a crown richer than that golden one be-
stowed upon the great orator whose divine action
lives in him. Yet reluctant as I am and have been
at all times to mingle in the debates of this House,
still I cannot forget, upon an occasion like this,
the obligations which I owe primarily to my own
constituents, to the people of my own State, and
the people of the whole country.
I must protest, sir, against the passage of this
bill because of the bill itself. I must, also, earn-
estly protestagainst it because of the reasons that
;j are urged for its passage. It is a confession,sir,
!j of the desperate and hopeless situation of the
country. It acknowledges to America and the
11 woild that we have failed. When the distinguished
| gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallaxdigiiam,] a
j; few days since,in a speech of surpassing ability,
and, from his stand-point of view, full of ardent
devotion to the Union, proclaimed that we had
{t failed, utterly failed," my ears were possessed
" with the heaviest sound
That ever yet they beard."
This bill, sir, is a repetition of that hoarse and
despairing cry from the lips of the Government
itself.
The arguments with which it is supported are
theflre: We are a drowning man, the waves of ruin
just sweeping over his head, who is only to be
saved by a rope cast by a negro's hands. The
white man has failed to save the Union, to save
the Constitution, to save the hope of civilization
upon this continent, and the negro is our only
salvation. I wilt not acknowledge it. I will die
with unfaith in my heart of such a lame and impo-
tent conclusion. Let me close my eyes to the
truth, if it be a truth, and perish in the bliss of
ignorance. Nor, sir, do I entertain that opinion
of our situation, desperate as it is. I still think
that there is wisdom enough, valor enough, and
strength enough in the people of this country to
preserve it. f still trust that Almighty God will
guide us successfully through these difficulties.
But I am supported now alone by that patriot
faith. How it is to be done, I could suggest, but
my voice would fall unheeded upon this assembly.
It is not by the passage of this bill or by a persist-
ence in that system of fatal measures of which
it is one. No; my counsel would urge the aban-
donment of the policy of the men in power—a
thing impossible to them.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not intend to be led
astray at this stage of my remarks from the con-
sideration of the bill before us. 1 shall postpone
the observations which appear necessary upon
the system to which this bill belongs.
This bill was introduced, I learn from the gen-
tleman who introduced it, [Mr. Stevens,] because
there was some doubt in the mind of the Ad-
ministration, or some part of it immediately con-
nected with the execution of the law, as to whether
the Government now had power to protect negro
soldiers and negroes employed in the public ser-
vice from the cruelties of the enemy. That was
a doubt founded upon the inequality which it is
assumed the law upon the statute-book estab-
lished between the negro and the white soldier,
the citizen soldier and the negro soldier.
It is said that the enemy shoot him, and put
him to death, as no soldier, or not such a soldier
as the laws of this country and the laws of na-
tions warrant this Government in employing; and
that this Government is of opinion that it cannot
properly, perhaps sufficiently, retaliate without
some amendment of the law abolishing the dis-
tinction established b-y the existing law between
the two classes of soldiers.
And therefore this bill, if I understand the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] is introduced at the instance of
the Secietary of War himself, for the purpose of
putting it into the power of our Government to
retaliate for injuries inflicted upon negro prisoners
captured by the enemy. And the Secretary of
War himself, not liking the exact terms of the bill
introduced by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, in his own handwriting indited another
project, which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
offered originally as a substitute for his own.
Now, sir, I submit that in that statement the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has not displayed
the usual candor and boldness which he manifests
upon this whole policy. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I undertake to say, did not origin-
ally introduce the bill for any such purpose. T hat
was not the thoughtin his mind, or the animating
purpose with him; and I undertake to say that
the projet of the Secretary of War himself was
aimed at no such object. Both of those schemes
had in them the proviso which is now abandoned;
both of those schemes, in letter, commanded the
recruiting of slaves,and provided for the payment
of their value when they belonged to loyal men;
both of them authorized recruiting stations in the
loyal slave States; in Kentucky, sir, and the en-
listment of her slaves.
Now, sir, emasculated as it is of its pointed
phrases, (yet sufficient, by its general terms, to
cover the original object,) the amiable and con-
servative, friends of the Administration, like thfl
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] seem to
regard the measure as nothing more than author-
ity to recruit negroes in rebel States as private
soldiers, and if admitted to the privilege of com-
mand, admitted to a command not connected with
white men. But it was introduced only to place
negro soldiers on a footing with other soldiers
for purposes of protection. This is what w#
