628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
they have been in Indiana or Iowa. They have
been prevented in many States by the voluntary
tender of a sufficient quota on the part of the pea-
pie. This is then an inferior class of soldiers, more
difficult to obtain, and more expensive. But,
sir, it is a class of soldiers that you propose to
degrade.
Conservative gentlemen on the other side, like
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] and like
my other friend from Indiana, [Mr. Porter,] arc
not willing that .the African should command
white men, while they invoke him to give his life
to save the Republic. They confess that they are
lost without his aid, but they will not seize the
rope that is to save them from drowning, unless
he throws it at the expense of degradation to him-
self. Those liberal and benevolent gentlemen who
can see no reason why the African should not be
invited to contend for the country and for his own
freedom, are still unwilling that he should have
that only reward of freedom, precious to the free
in soul, equality with all men. Do they not see
that the policy which they are pursuing has but
one logical interpretation,and means nothing else,
if it means anything at all, than equality with
negroes? It matters not what heroism or skill an
African displays. Toussaint or Othello may com-
bat in the ranks of war or triumph in strategy,
yet the commander of a battalion, or company, 01
battery composed of whites must not bo subject to
the order of a black major general, and the only
one perchance on the field. Is that, not straining
at a gnat and swallowing a came! ?
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] pathet-
ically invokes the negro to come and save his son's
life. His gallant son has gone to the war to ofT«vr
his breast as a barrier against the bayonets of re-
bellion. Should he fail, I well believe all his wounds
will be in front. May the angel of the Lord camp
round about him and protect him in battle ! He is
not the man 1 think him if he calls on the negro to
come and save his hfe. This must be the extrav-
agance of parental solicitude or rhetorical rapture.
The gentleman who thus calls on the negro to save
his soil will not let him serve in the same regiment.
IXow is the negro to save his son's life when he
"Will not let him come as near lnm as the length
of the regiment or brigade or division? Does'he
mean that he would draw in his son from the
ranks of slaughter, and put the negro in his place '<
I sometimes think that that is the argument—that
gentlemen wish to substitute the negro for the*;
eons, and call them home.
I sometimes hear gentlemen say the negro is
not too good to be killed in this war, and that we
should save fifty thousand of our own brothers'
lives by substituting negroes in their place. Is it
such an idea as this tlnuactiuues gentlemen in tlv
Buppoit of this measure? i hevo's<en myftierH
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] who has often e<o-
tested his love for the State of Kentucky, anu his
detestation of this abolition policy, who has f-aul
that ho feared this war was to be nothing {< but a
John Brown raid on a large scale;" have seen
him, with steps melancholy and slow, like a cap-
tivc bound, his head downcast, follow in the wake
of this accursed abolitionism, speaking against
and voting for all its measures, till now he is found
to swallow all its doctiiwes, except that he will
not let a white man be commanded by a nerro.
Ah, sir, I felt a touch of humiliation myself—per-
haps out of place—when the gentleman from i'L-
nois, [Mr. Lo.vejoy,] whom my friend from In-
diana had so often condemned, and whose doc-
trines he thought contained the poison of death,
was rewarded yesterday by that gentleman, [Mr.
Loyejov,] after he had allowed him to interpvk't"
a speech m his, by being told, " that will do well
to go in the same pamphlet; if you take the name
off the heading,nobody will be r.Me to say which
spoke it, the gentleman ormyseif."
And thai is true, Mr. Speaker; the only sen-
tence in the speech of the gentleman [Mr. Dunnj
different in color from his friend's, is the one v. ,th
which it opens, rebuking the abuse of Demoeiats.
Thus, sir, a patch upon the seat of a bumpkin V
breeches, made of the same tow linen, is distin-
guishable only by the seam which joins it.
Mr. DUNN. £ am very sure the gentleman
from Kentucky is not willing to misrepresent my
remarks of yesterday. I refer particularly to what
I said in regard to my own son being in the ser-
vice. if the gentleman will refer to the reporter's
notes of my remarks, he will find thai I never
proposed, as he represents, that a negro should
be sent in advance of my son to shield his life.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not say such a
thing; and therefore the interruption is unneces-
sary.
Mr. DUNN. I understood you to say so.
Mr. WADSWORTH. On the contrary, I said
that he would put the negro the length of a regi-
mental line of battle from Ins son. He would not
let him come so near to him.
I must hurry along to keep up with my time.
I can give some good reasons, it seems to me, to
candid gentlemen, why this measure should not
pass. This, with its kindred measures, will be
disastrous to the war cause. It is a measure of
weakness instead of one of strength, because it will
alienate millions of men m the Noith and South
from thesuppoitof the Govei nment. 1 beg gen-
tlemen to recollect that this policy has ah cad y
substituted, in the support of the Government, a
political faction in the place of a people. It shocks
the sentiment of the great majority of the people
of the free States, as well as of the South, because
they are not mistaken in its tendency. If it has
any tendency at all, it is to establish on this con-
tinent equality of the white and black races.
Gentlemen cannot, with any justice or magna-
nimity,lead the African through this war, by hun-
diods of thousands,as this bill proposes, to fight
and to display those qualities of heroism, intelli-
gence, and ekill which arc ascribed to him, but
which he has beon many centuries m making
manifest: they cannot do this and stand justified
m the eyes of the world, without admitting the
noffro to an equality with themsdves—at least a
political equality. Shall he save the nation and
have no part in the nation ? Shall he have meiely
the bare boon of freedom ? Sha'l he be shut out
from (he right to command the biave men in the
midst of whom he fights and suffers and dies?
Can you shut him out if he m the man you say
he is J But you cannot shut him out after all this,
unless you exterminate him. The white popu-
lation of the free States are therefore opposed to
this policy, because they sop instinctively that it
isdeath to them—to the white or black lace. But
the policy of equality will inevitably produce an-
tagonism between the white and black laces; and
that antagonism will result in the subjugation of
one or the other. If they will not mix they will
eon tend; and the stronger will destroy the weaker.
The increase of population is in proportion to the
nv-uns of subsistence. Subsistence itself is the
prize of oopacity. Put the negro and the white
man on the same ground—foreverseparatc by an
antagonism of races—to sttuggle for the honors
of society, and all the means of life and multipli-
cation, and the stronger w.ll win—that is, the
white race; the weaker will disappear—that is,
the negio.
The African race has never accomplished any-
thing in the histoiy of the world, except m Amel-
ia. It is probably older than the Caucasian, un-
less all ate f'omCummon porents, then each .started
fan*. One has multiplied until it has become like
il the roaring of the waters and the thundering of
the skies." Piloted by its capacity, it has swelled
beyond its favorite range and llo'wed into all the
latitudes and longitudes of the earth. The woild
is full of its achievements in artand arms, and ac-
cepts its sway wuhout murmur or lesistnnee. Tiic
nib erncveriooe above its naki diiessaudignoiance.
It has declined and is u< dining in ail lands sa\e
America. I do not regard it as a permanent race.
The glory of the Almighty decrees the continued
spread of theothet type—thehighesr When this
needs the room now occupied in Amcrica by the
black man it w:U take it by the great nnd con-
stant law nfgrowth, as he took the hunting ground
of the I ndi: n. The Indian and the white man
met—they could not mix. Thelndian would not
submit; the white man could not cherish him;
but to feed ins swanning numbers plowed up ih<;
Indian's hunting giound and he vamsh'-d. The
> egro submitted; the white m-ingave him wsllimd
uii eo.tion, end he flourished, because the races U id
not eont' mJ together. When they do, the ques-
tion is already se'tlcd.
The outgrowh of the white racc will invade the
negro some day in Hayti, in Aft :ca, every where,
and the stronger grower will possess the earth.
This is the law of the animal and vegetable king-
doms. Legislation cannot change it.
Abolh ionium seeks to reverse the laws cf nature,
the decrees of God. Well, it may interrupt them
by force, hut they will triumph at last. They
seek to establish by their arms and policy the su-
premacy of the negro m the South. Their whole
policy means just that. It means the destiuction
of the white lace of the cotton States at least, nnd
their subjugation to the black. Noither justice
nor benevolence warrant such a policy if it were
possible. But I tell you it is impossible. Many
miseries are in store for Amcrica; but at last se-
cession and abolition will be crushed out in this
struggle. As their detestable features become
more and more revealed tfy the progress of the con-
test, they will receive the blows of the people, now
one, now the other, and the country at last find
peace in the final oveithrow of both, a result so
iacidly shown by the gentleman fioin Kansas,
[Mr. Conway.]
And it will come to that. They who nlly them-
selves with an army of the slaves of the South
against the white race of the South, will ally all
the balance of this country with all those who re-
sist it, not for the sake of disunion, I trust—never;
but for the sake of the preservation of the white
race of the South, and the honor, strength, and
prosperity of all. I do not want you to exterm-
inate them, not even for the prcservniion of the
Union. No; great God Almighty, no ! Exterm-
inate the white lace of the South to preserve the
Union ! Exterminate the white people of Virginia,
for instance, to preserve the Union ! Virginia, that
helped to make the Union, and whose present hu-
miliation as leader, or tu least prominent among
leadersin upholdinglhevcbellion is all too feeble to
putoutthe gloi y ot her past. No, sir; no,sir;the
people of America will never permit the inhabit-
ants of Virginia to be cxtei minuted.
On the contrary, they will exterminate all who
try to exterminate them. And these border State
men, whom you have so often rebuked for mod-
eiatmg yotn zeal and wrath against the millions
of the South, who havebeseeched you not to drive
them to despeiation by attempting to destroy
everything that man oi woman chei ishcs, who
hove protested against that piogianmie of savage
barbaiity which confiscated all the lands and all
the goods and chattels in eleven States, and aimed
todrivc millions and millions of people,once your
biethien, bound tovou by the most sacred mem-
ones. ft om roofs hallowed by every joy and every
suffering known to poor humanity—by nuptial
rites,the bii th ofehildren,nnd the death offi tends—
to be possessed and polluted by slaves; yes, these
men of the bonier, this border Statu influence will
one day come to your assistance, when the day
of reaction prostiatesyou,and interpose to shield
you, even as they now stand for then- brethren of
the South. Remember it, the border States are
neither North nor South; that great belt of coun-
ty that stretches fiom the ocean across to the
Father of Wnteis is the safety of botli ends of
the nation, since it belongs not to the one nor tho
01 her, but to both.
St*, at the commencement of this war an oppor-
tunity was presented to the Republicans which
has seldom been afforded to any party. At the
commencement of the extia session of Congress,
■, you found the loyal nation gathering and ready to
unite as one man upon the fnst declaration of a,
'! constitutional policy. It was announced, and a
i' people rose to sustain its Government. At tho
I! In st regular session this loyal people almost uiuin-
; imously,fiom slave State and free State, were
. suirouuding the Admmisftauon, ready to stand
■ toget In r and light together for t he pi eservation of
the Union and the maintenance of the Constitu-
■j t;on. If this Administration had studiously kept
■ i in view the pieservntion of the Constitution and
the maintenance of the lights of the States and of
1' the people of the Stages,"and laboied to demon-
! satiate to the wot Id that (lies democracy was not
j <>my Great m peace, laucqnally great in war, that
1 a Construtioii made by the hands of tho people
! could l)c defended and preseived by the people,
1 even through the convulsions of civil wai: this
union of aM men and parties would havegiown
1 molt perfect, and to-day been the salvation of the
i' Government. Out, sir, the Administration was
false to the occasion.
j* The President in an evil hour was induced to
abandon that policy, and to adopt one which has
p driven from him many of bis own friends; that
it has alienated ftom him the men of the somh-bor-
!! der States, and the States of New York, New Jer 
