1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois—
an empire of themselves. And now let mo ask
whether this .Administration, supported by only
a fragment of the population of any State, with
the pohcy it lias announced as the policy on which
it proposes to put down this rebellion, can hope
to suceecd ? The wise schemers among them do
not intend to put down the i obellion; but can any-
body hope to succeed? No, sir.
It is not worth while to despise border State in-
fluence in this contest. It is great, it is mighty.
There is a common intercbtand a common policy
which unite the men south of the Ohio river with
the men north of the Ohio river, and these make
the western border. This policy is founded in a
" broad and general love for the people of all the
States, and of veneration for the Constitution. It
is founded in their Axed purpose to sa\ c the Union,
to labor for it, or to follow after it; in all ways and
times to energize for its preservation, and if need
be, when lost, us leconstruction.
But, sir, the people south of the Ohio river may
be put in an attitude of hostility to the Govern-
ment, and 1 am afraid the Government will dt ive
them to the assumption of that attitude. It shall
not do it if any forbearance, if any cntieaty, if
any other than physical moans of resistance can
be found effectual for our protection. But we wcie
born free, and the equals of the people of other
States, and we will maintain that freedom as long
as one man among us lives who is lit to be Ace.
We weie educated bv a statesman in whom you
of the North believe, or profess to believe—" you
all did love him once," and he lovod the Union
—the gallant mid lamented Clay. We still test-
ify to his greatness by thinking h>s thoughts.
Let me call your attention to his solemn words,
uttered in this Capitol shortly before his death,
and let me tell you that the people of Kentucky
believe now m the nisti notions they have iecei ved
from him. Those instructions, those woids live
after his death m the hearts of the million of peo-
ple who live in that State. Mr. Clay, m a speech
upon the compromise measures in the Senate on
the 5th of February, 1850, said:
u But before I approach subject. allow mo to sny
thru, in my humble judgment, the institution ef slavery pre-
sents two quotums totally rii-tnsct, unci r< stins: upon en-
tirely (Ijti'rH'iu pound— iuveiy within the Snti'«, ;nnl
slavery without tin: fcUtte-. Con ie-i-, the Geiieinl Gov< rit-
uieiu, li;ii no powei. umiei tSic Lon-sinuiion <>! lae Tinted
State*., to Ioiieh *-l:i\L'i\ will.in tin; St.iti < ,\c< n{ m the
thioe '-pffMiird pniticul.jrx inihnt i nMi iimcnt: tn adjust the
subject ol lepie-entuuoii, to impose ta\'e° o-i slaves, when
a sy&iem <>1 <iu ect ta\ Uion is made, and to peiiotm the dutj
of MUieu [eiin;:, or ''au-m^ U> be dot i\ ci • «i up. luupuvo
slaved when ihey e-enpe limn the *-eivice winch ihey owe
In the slave State-*, and take id u?e in the fi eo Stales And
I am iead\ to *-a> that it Connies- were to ,m.u k \miiuii
the Stare-. 1 ne n.-aitunosi ol ^laviuy, uith ihc pinpo-e ui
the ovi i tin ou oj t!iee\; niei ion of sl.t\ <•! \, theii, .M i i ms.
kleiiT, ' my \ <>H*e u (Mild ii" foi war." Thei, would h" nK'de
a i a-*e w hit h w on id [it-uiy in lh< •-■crht of <>« (!. and in the
pu'srnee ol'ihe naiions ot {he earth, icsisi.iiic' on the pair
ol the --lave Mute- to Mich ;m un< onsuuuiomd ii-uiped
attempt a*, would be in.tdu undei the Mi^xc-uum I h.ive
f-taifd, 'I'licn u e Miould \>c art urj in detente oi out i !ir.t<,
of our domicii-. of oui ptop< ity, oi'oui gaiety, of oiu lives.
Then I |Innk w omd be I uiaishod a c.^c in which the slave
Static \\<iuid In. |n*tiIk'vI, by ail ihc eoieuh'i.Uion*- w Uk h
pertain t«i I he happiin: •• oi seem itv ot man, to emplov e\ i i \
jn-tiuiueni which (•')<! or ratur<- has pineed in our
to ic -vt-l Mich an auciupt upon tlie pan ot tin-Government.
Then M, uul'ii;nnaiel\. eiwl uai Miould bieak out. w 
should pH'-eut tn the iiaMOlis ot the e.utii the ;-pect,u lc ot
one pni iion o| tin- {'niou endeavo1 i. £ to -.tibv'eii an ni-ii
tutKMi of .iu<.!h< i poition, in v lolatten ol the < "oie-tunf .on
aiu! ihe iiui-i *-aei;'d otdi^atiotis. U"e fhoutd p:e *«nt a
pjicciacte m wiiitu ue.sliould huvetlie s\mpitl)> and^.H'd
wi l,e<. and (ie-i!e ioi our cuecess,ot all uicn who jovu
justice and 'luth-"
Wc in the South could not live und'.-r this pr.l-,
icy of arming the slaves. Let an army of one
hundred and fifty thousand men, once slaves, bf
umfoimed and armed, and commanded by the
appointees of abolition, and iteannot he othei wise
than that it would he the d est t net ion of our homes,
our famihes,oui Itces, our property, and our lib-
erty. We could not live under it. The fiist negic
regiment that it was attempt* d to match through
the Style of Kentucky would product. a collision.
The fust aiUnipt made to recruit slaves in that
State would produce sec ne^ ofviolrner, unless you
permitted the peaceable execution cf the laws of
that State violated by this iccruiitng.
Mr. Speaker, is our support of the Government
•worth nothing? Is it woith less th.u: that of the
negro? We have not withheld that support; we
have not stinted it. A thousand of our citizens
poured out their blood on the battle-field of Stone
liver* My constituents fought and bled at Pitts-
burg Landing, at Mill Spring, at Donelson, and
at Vicksburg. The dearest friends of our hearts
lie buried beneath the clods of those battle-fields.
One hundred nnd fifty thousand of us still remain
capable of hearing arms; we still love the Consti-
tution, and, if you will let this be a war for the
Constitution, will die if need be in its defense,
even as we stand ready to tiiumph or full in de-
fense ofout imperiled but imperishable rights.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am in favor of the bill
which is before the House for its consideration,
for the reason that I believe it to be a proper and
necessary measure to carry out the settled policy
of the Government in the conduct of the war.
This Congress has already twice approved the
principle upon which this bill proceeds; and it is
only neccssary bccause the two acts of Congress
which have already sanctioned the employment of
negioes in the military sei vice wcie deficient in
detail. Bat as the policy of the employment of
colored men has been attacked in the course of
this debate, I ti ust to the pitience of the House
to hear mn foi a few moments, while I undeitake
to defend the policy of the Government in refer-
ence to these measures.
This war is strictly a war of s°lf-defense. The
Government has been forced and is trying to de-
fend the principles upon which the Republic is
founded, against the encroachments and unreason-
able and unconstitutional demands, and, fmnliy,
the warlike violence of an insolent aristocracy.
This aristocracy is of the most detestable char-
acter, depending neither upon long descent and
ancient renown, nor upon any great achievement
in aits or in aims, nor on great commercial or
manuiactui ing success tending to develop a coun-
tryresomees and add to its prosperity, nor on
gieat accomplishments m hieratme, but solely on
human slavery. It is the foe of labor, incompati-
ble with free public education, with comrneicia!
prospenty, entirely in< concilable with the piin-
ciples of true democracy. It is an aristocracy im-
patient of restraint, intolerant, insolent; assuming
a supeiionty winch it never can possess, and to
which it is entitled neither by birth, education, nor
superior capacity. To establish the right of this
aiistocratic class to the mastery of this Govern-
ment they have set on foot this lebeihon, have in-
flamed the passions of their people by artful ap-
peals to the prejudic.es of the ignorant, and have
invoked the ai bitianu nt of theswoid.
The Government, as J ha\o said, is engaged in
the d-'ten.sc of popular lights, and it<; own con-
stitutional authoi if v nnd existence. The comer-
stone of this anstociacy is >lavuy. It'i institu-
tions are avowedly based upon human slavery.
The thoroughly slave States are thoroughly reb>d
States. The intensity of hostility to the Govern-
ment is exactly measured by the devotion of the
State or the community to slavery. So, aKo, the
1 esoui cesof the rebei fc!later-:arc precisely m«. asurod
by the extent of its slave labor and industiy, so
that, while no fiee Sttite is, disloyal, no slave State
is loyal; and the influence of the institution of
.slavery is the true meimire of the disloyalty of the
State. It i< rjuirrd, then, no great sagacity, vo
•oft of prophecy m th^outsetot this contiovi rsy,
to see the necessary 'ssues which would ai ise dur-
ing its progiess. The policy of the Government
has ben inth"r dictated by necessity than by
choice, f<n the! c is abundant evidence of the will-
ingness of the Gov< rnment to save the institution
of slavery. The President, otan ecrly day, foie-
secing the course which this controversy mux?
take, intimated to the semi-loyal border Stale:
the willingness of the Government to aid them
pcunim iiy in any reasonable scheme of gradual
and compensated emancipation, advising action
while the Fed«. ral Government was liberal in spnit,
and Mion« in ifs iesuwc.es, and at the same time
Uitnna'ihg ilmt the pr< bablc exigcncics of the war
mulit (<-;id' t emancipation on some terms neeec-
H.v.y thiougiioot all the States of the Republic.
Acuog on i ii j ^ «mg2ostir>n, the State of Delavvaie.
I,y us execuiiv , ihc State of Maryland, by its
ex"cu!ivc, and the State of Missouri, by its legit-
lai've and ex< cuiive authomy, have brought be-
fore their people piojccts of emancipation on the
terms and under the conditions which Congress
has been, and I presume still ih, willing to oiler.
The next step was the proclamation of the Pios-
idc ut of the 2^d of September, announcing the pur-
pose of the executive department of the Govern-
ment to proclaim the emancipation of the slaves
in all of those States renmuuog unrepresented m
Congress after one hundred days, on the 1st pf
January of this year. The emancipation procla-
mation of the President, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and JNavy, followed. And I -hpr.c
w,Tire to bear testimony to the firmnesb of Lhe
Executive on this point, against strong remon-
strances, against violent opposition, against op-
position in his Cabinet, against thrcatenings/rom
the Army, threatenings from the traitor States,
and timid counsels among his friends. That proc-
lamation, in my judgment, is the salvation of the
Republic. I have no time, howpver, to argue it at
length, I saw that it was a accessary and logical
consequence of this war. Its constitutional au-
thority, in my sober judgment, is beyond a doubt,
I have no time to argue it here at length, but £
affirm the war power of the President to. issue
this proclamation; and its necessary effect, to lib-
erate the slaves in all the territory over which it
ns designed to operate, never can be success-
fully questioned,either by Congress or any of the
judicial tribunals of the country. The law of na-
tions clearly sanctions the emancipation of the
enemy's slaves by military forcc and authority.
It is an understood and received doctrine. It has
been practiced repeatedly in this country. Great
Ijritain exercised its authority. Franco has excr-
ciscd it in a memorable instance. In Colombia,
in the South American republics, the right has
been cxeicised both by the Spanish and Ameri-
can geneials. This right lias been affirmed by
eminent statesmen in our own country, by Jeffer-
son and by Adams.
The President of the United States, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, has all
the authority which the law of nations recognizes
as war poweis. The reasonableness of this power
is unquestioned. It is to embarrass and weaken
the enemy. It is to strengthen our own army.
These slaves are sons owing allegiance. They
aie loyal citizens, having a right to claim the pro-
tection of the Government. If permitted to remain
to the enemy, they produce the food and the cloth-
ing which support them and strengthen their army
in the field. The institution of slavery, like other
hostile institutions in an enemy *s Stute, may be
destroyed. INo one will contend that a commander-
in-chief of the army under his war power would
not have the authority to overthrow a military
school or institution for the instruction of soldiers
and ofllceis. Nor can it be denied that we have
the authority of overthrowing the institution of
the State government which is hostile and rebel
in its character; to supplant it by military govern-
ment having both civil and miliuyy jurisdiction.
Iligh judicial authority has decided that we have
the right in this controversy to treat the rebels both
as traitois liable to be punished under the laws,
and as belligerents under the rights of war. Tho
President, as Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy, alone has the power to judge of the
exigency which requires the cxcrcisc of this ac-
knowledged power of war. It is for him; the
i esponsibility is with him; the power is with him;
and it is a discietion which wc will recognize in
him, for it cannot be exeiciscd by anybody else.
This pow'u in the President is not inconsistent
with the power of Congress to emancipate slaves.
That power exists m Congress to emancipate the
slaves of ivbd*?, I have no hesitation in asserting;
ahhough the discussion of that proposition is not
necessary for my present purpose. The procla*
M.ition of the President stands impregnable. It
1.4 'nid to be a mere brutumfalmcn—a Pope's bull
against the comet. From the way gentlemen re-
ceived it, one would think that they seemed to
le^ard it nunc as a live bull in a china shop.
[Laughter.] Gentlemen say that wc should rely
on the Constitution and the laws. What effect
has the Constitution or the laws in the rebel
States? The Constitution is as much a mere6? utum
falmen as the proclamation. It is despised and
uampled on. No officer sworn to supnoj t it, and
no one pie-tending to abide by its provisions, ex-
ists throughout the length and breadth of their
country; no Federal court is open to hear the
complaints ofsuitois; no tribunal existing under
the authority of the Constitution exists within
the rebel Stales. And I ask gentlemen what more
power and efficiency has the Constitution than
the proclamation of the President? That proc-
lamation goes before and in aid of the Constitu-
tion. It lifts up the loyal people friendly to tha
