1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
repress ihuir prejudices, as bolder State men,
against abolitionists, or the abolitionists will re-
press their prejudices against slavery, a great ob-
ject will bo accomplished. Let us, for the time
being, rise above our prejudices, and permit rea-
son to rule instead of passion, and we can bung
forth the powers of this nation in such a manner
that this rebellion will surely, ccrtainly, and speed-
ily be crushed out. Sir, it is the division among
the friends of this Government, who want to re-
store this Unjon, that I fear; it is nut the power
of the enemies of this Government that 1 dread.
In God's name, let us lay aside those prejudices
for the moment, and let us strike down with muted
arms these hostile spears that are thrust at the
nation's heart. Let us as one man giid up our
loins to the woik of putting down this rebellion,
and then we can quanel about our political differ-
ences hereafter. Come, let us do it. The Dem-
ocrat has said he wants to do it; but some of our
abolition fi lends are afraid he is not sincere in his
professions. Let us ti ust him until ins insincerity
is shown. The abolitionist has said he wants to
do if, bat the Democrat is afiaid that that is not his
object; that he has a paramount object which he
desires to accomplish in the suppressionofslavery.
Gentlemen, I repeat, let us first end this rebellion,
let us first stuke down tins rebel army, let us unite
together to accomplish that object, ignoiing other
prejudices and all other diiierences for this occa-
sion.
Let mc say to my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Wright] that I am what he says he is not
and never was. I am a friend of Geneial Mc-
Clellan. I believe in Ins ability, and I have ad-
vocated his generalship.
A1 r. Will CHIT. Let mo explam. I said that
my intercourse with Geneial McClcllan had been
very limited. [ did not say that 1 was not his
friend. 1 said that I had no special interest in liini
personally.
Mr. PIVEN. The gentleman said, I think,
that he had never been an advocate of his policy
and had no particulai interest in him. I have been
a defender of him. I have advocated his policy.
I have believed in him, nnu do still. But I tell
you that I will fight, and all the men of my regi-
ment will fight, and I In heve the whole Army will
fight, as gallantly under any other leader as they
Will under him. it is a great mistake to suppose
that these men who have devoted themselves to
tins cause wiUgive back becau.se they cannot have
the leader they would choose. No, ah , tln*y will
fight it ill rough. Yntj cannot stop the m. N o; bad
us the loads aie, even the mud uumotstop them.
They will wait until the mud dries up, and then
they will march on. It is a slow pi ocess, 1 know.
It is a great obstacle that lies in the way of this
Union army, but it will be overcome. Tiustm
the stout heaits and sttonji arms and devotion of
the American people. They will outride all this
prejudice and passion which prevail in and con-
tiol these Halls, and will prevail. This Union
Will be restoted,and ihe Itepnsentatives of fclouth
Caiolina and Massachusetts will again meet in
this lloll and try the conflict of high debate upon
as ho no i able tei ins as the y did m the days of Cal-
houn and Webstei. That is not only my ex-
pectation, but my firm conviction, it cannot be
Helped, no mattei who is m command of the Ai my.
No matter who lights the battles of the countiy,
they will be fought, it is not m the destiny of
this nation that its iibei ties are to be put. dowir. It
is not in the destiny of tins nation lhatuui Consti-
tution is to be Ham pled under foot and destioycd,
cithet by abolitionists or secessionists. I tell you
tin* country will be restored, let demagogues do
what they will.
The question now for us to decide is, will this
bill, now under consideration, do anything toward
the Restoration of the Union'1 It strikes me that
it will. It sttikes me that if here is property, here
is a class of people winch we may use to advant-
age in accomplishing tins result. We arc not only
justified in usingthem, but we should be criminal
if we failed to use them for the purpose of short-
ening this war; fur the purpose of weakening the
enemy and of strengthening our power. Common
sense would dictate, however, that we should so
use them as to accomplish the grcatestgood. We
may employ them so that they may work more
mischief than benefit, and we may employ them
so thatthey will prove beneficial and disarm them
of all that is deleterious to ourselves.
I ask the friends of the measure and those who
oppose it—I ask all—to consider this bill with the
single view of pei feeling it so that we can use these
men—who are either to be used by; us or by our
enemies—in such way thatthey shall prove a sup-
poi t to freedom and the Union and destruction to
the rebellion.
Mr. RIDDLE obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVEiNS. Will my colleague allow mc
for a moment only? 1 do not want to make a
speech.
Mr. DIDDLE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 merely wanted to say that
as it is now four o'clock, it is not probable that we
shall come to a vote to-day. 1 suggest, therefore,
that—unless there should be some special reason
for a longer postponement—I will very soon after
the House meets to-morrow, if i can get. the flooi,
move the previous question; and I hope the House
will sustain me in it.
Mi. COX. I hope the House will make some
arrangement by which there shall be no vote taken
upon this bill this week. Let it go over until
Monday. Thereaie several gentlemen who want
to discuss it from this side; but, so far as I under-
stand it, we shall be ready to take the vote on
Monday.
Mr. LHVEN. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania permit me to offer my amendment?
Mr. BIDDLE. I will yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER,. No amendment is in oidei
at this time.
Mr. WICIvLlFFE. Let me say a word to my
acquaintance, the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stolns.] He was the commander of the
other side in the battle that was fought in this
Chamber the other night, and he capitulated on
conditions and teims. iio agreed that tint, bill
should be freely discussed, and that the amend-
ments should be voted on by the yeas and nays.
There is not a moie important question than the
one now befort the House. I toll my fi lends on
tiic other side of the House that the fate of the
Union depends on it. I hope that there will be
no previous question called on it.
Mr. BIDDLE. I will now myself consumc
some of the time allotted to me.
Mr. COX. I ask the attention of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means for a mo-
ment. I understood the gentleman fi om Pennsyl-
vania to say that he intended to-morrow morning,
if he could get the floor, to call foi the pievious
question on ibis bill. 1 will say to lnm, m all
frankness, that, then: are a number of gentlemen
on tins side who propose in good faith to discuss
it. Let them have to-monow foi that purpose;
and then we are content that the vote shall be
taken on Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Say Monday, at one
o'clock.
Mi. COX. That is too early.
A Member. And the House may adjourn over
to-moi i <>w.
Several Memblrs. We will agree to Monday
at three o'eloek.
Mr. ALLEiV, of Illinois. I object to that.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask to be heaul m iespouse
to the appeal of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox.] I am unwilling to curtail debate on a sub-
ject of tins kind, and I never designed to do so.
There will be a gieat many membeis absent to-
morrow, if this subject goes over till to-morrow.
I want itto be undcistood that to-monow willb"
devoted to discission, and that no vote will be ta-
ken, so that members who desire to be absent to
attend to business, can do so. 1 want that to bo
understood, and I want it also undcistood that on
Monday I shall call the previous question when 1
can get the floor.
A Member. That does not give time enough
for the diseussion.
Mr. STEVENS. It gives all day to-morrow
for tiie discussion.
Mi. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Say that
the vote -dial I lie taken on Monday, at four o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not fixed any hour.
If that be the general understanding I submit
to u.
The SPEAKER. What is the understanding,
that the Chan may state it?
Mi. STEVENS. Thai tu-motrow be devoted
tothediscussion of this subject exclusively. That
those who do notdesire to come here,and who may
be employed elsewhere, may remain away. Then
I propose to call the previous question when I
get the floor on Monday. „
Mr. COX. Tlx® only understanding is th a* t: to-
morrow shall be devoted to the discussion of this-
subject.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. COX. There is no understanding further'
than Lhftt—that there will be no vote to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania agreed to—that to-
morrow shall be devoted to the discussion of tho
bill, and that the previous question shall be called
on Monday ?
Mr. COX. I object to the latter part of it. I
do not object to to-morrow being devoted to the.
discussion of the bill. I do not agree to the call-
ing of the previous question on Monday.
The SPEAKER. Then there is no understand-
ing.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Piddle] to yield to me that a bill may be reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
passed at this lime. It is necessary that it should
be passed at this time, if at all.
Mr. RIDDLE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. It is Senate bill No. 458, to
amend an act entitled "An act for the collection
of the dnect taxes in the insurrectionary districts
of i he United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 7, J8(W.
Mr THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I want to
examine that bill, and 1 object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give notice
that, at the proper time, I shall offer the follow-
ing amendment. I suppose that this bill is to pass
in some shape. It is desirable, if it should pass,
that it should be made acceptable to all sides of
the House, as far as possible. The gentleman
ftom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] promises to
let mo off.n my amendment, which, i think, will
tend to that end. It is as follows:
Provided, Tli.it nothing herein contained or in the rules
or aiticles of u;i; shall he to constiucd as? to authorize or
peinnt :iny ollicer ot Atucati descent to he "appointed to
Mnk, or t'"1 rxneise military oi naval authority over white
officers, soidieis.oi men in the military or naval service of
the United State*; nor shall any gieater pay than ten dol-
lar pei inoiuh and i.ttums he allowed or paid to privates
m i.iboiei-, ot Al'nean de-cent which aie or may be in the
militaiy or naval scivieo of the United States.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
lolled Bilis,reported thatthey had examined,and
found tt uly enrolled,an act (11.11. No. 561) in re-
lation to < omnnsKionod office is of the United States
revenue cutter sei vice; and an act (tl. It. No. 409)
to pi ovide for the payment of expenses incurred
by the marshal ofBostcyi forropairs to the United
States court-house, when the Speaker signed the
sa me.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I understood the
Chair to announce to the House the proposed un-
derstandingof the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Will the Chan repeat it?
The SPEAKER. It is that to-morrow shall
he devoted to discussion, and that the vote shall
be token on Monday.
Mi. COX. There was no agreement about
anything being done on Monday.
The SPEAKER. Is the understanding ob-
jected to <
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. TUOAIAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to urge that tho
vote shall be taken on Monday at three o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not agroa.
I "call for the regular order of business.
Mr. WICIvLlFFE. I give notice thdt I will
offer the following amendment:
Prot ided, That no iccruiilng station^sball he established
in the States of" Delaware, Mai \ land, West Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, or Mi^ouri ; nor shall the slaves res-
ident m tho-o Elates be enlisted or leeeivcd as volunteers;
not shall said regiments be employed or stationed in said
States.
Mr. PORTER gave notice of the following
amendment:
Nor $haiJ pcrsone of African descent, owing service or la-
hot lo !o\ al inhabitants ot States who-e constituted auiuor-
itio* maintain then allegiance to the United States, be ro-
cimted oi teceived into the military or naval service.
Mr. DIVEN gave notice of the following sub-
stitute:
I?c it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled, That
the President bo authouzed, by proclamation or otherwise,
to invite the enrollment of negroes lrom Uie States of Vu-
