THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
their white soldiers or of our white soldiers; and
the result wilj be, as many negroes at the North
are shrewd enough to foresee, that they will, if
captured, receive none of the advantages of t'ho
laws of war, but all the terrible consequences o£
being outlawed from the international code,sla-
very, imprisonment, and perhaps death. And
how, sir, can we retaliate for any such injuries or
outrages? As the gentleman from Kansas ar-
gued the other day, and as Vattel argued before
him, a rebellion, when formidable, demands, in
the name of humanity, the observance of the laws
of civilized warfare, the laws of moderation and
honor. There is a distinct society, organized de
facto, in the South; and the laws of war obtain the
same as between two nations with regard to pris-
oners of war. These men in the South have the
power, and although it may have been obtained
wrongfully ami outrageously, we must legislate
on the facts as they exist. We must not shut
our eyes to the fact that they are a powei so for-
midable that we cannot, as an act, of humanity to
our soldiers, refuse to observe the laws of war,
not as we would interpret them, but as they also
may interpret them. No genuine friend of the
negro would try to persuade him to take the posi-
tion of a soldier m our Army, knowing how the i
confederate government has detei mined to heat '
negro soldiers. The men who would try to dra-
goon him into that position are not his friends.
The poor negro, if he survive this conflict, will
bitterly curse the very men who seem most to
champion him, but whose championship has in
it more of political consideration than of genei-
oub feeling.
Mr. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. I will hear the gentleman's ques-
tion.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understand the gentleman
that if these black soldiers m our Army should
be captured by the enemy and be handed ovi to
the civil authorities to be treated as felons and
their lives taken, or any other consequence vis-
ited them not known to the ruh s of civilized war-
fare, that the United States Government would
have no remedy.
Air. COX. What is your remedy?
Mr. EDWARDS. Retaliation.
Mr. COX. Retaliation—that is a rule which
will soon turn this into a baibarous war. ft has
no limit-—no law. It has but one end—bloody
extermination.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would hang or shoot one
of their soldiers eveiy time they hung or shut one
of ours.
Mr. COX. But suppose that tiny took the
black soldiers they (Mptm-Hl and made slaves of
them; what Would the gentleman do then? Do
yon not remember what President Lincoln said
to those Chicago pi cacheis who called upon him to
issue Ins proclamation ? Do you i emember what
he said in reference to the free negroes captured
by the rebels at llarpei's Ferry : lie .said, " what
can 1 do? Mr. Greeley complains that 1 do not
do something to reclaim them, oi levengc them.
But what can I do ?'* I ask the gentleman what
could lie have done? What has the President
done to bung back tho<a- free negroes captured at
Harper's Fen y by the Rebels? vVould you have
him retaliate upon while rebels in <\i.use they abuse
the captured negioes? You will answer, Yes.
Then what? Retaliation again from them upon
our white soldiers, and so on, until the war be-
comes unbearable to the Christian woild and an
outrage upon all civilized codes.
Mr. EDWARDS. I answei the gentleman that,
under the laws of war, this Government is author-
ized to treat those whom we capture in battle as
those captured from us are treated hv the enemy.
/ ask the gentleman from Ohio, now, whether if
Jefferson Da vis should carry out his threats against
those he has captured from us and subject*to ig-
nominy our white officers, it would not he the duty
of this Government to visit the same penalties
upon the rebel officers whom we have captured
from them r
Mr. COX. I know of no other way now by
which propeily to defend our officers who-are cap-
tured. £uch outrages will correct themselves.
But would the gentleman puisne a policy which
would aggravate the war, by causing our white
men to be punished in return for the punishment 1
ot rebel white soldiers, who might be punished in 1
retaliation for the punishment of our negro sol- h project of enlisting ihc negroes should be submit-
diers who may be captured ? I will remind the ted to South Carolina and Geoiijia, or the govern-
gentleman that there are a great many difficulties ing powers of those States. Was this the ndop-
in the way of carrying out his theory. This is a jj tion of the system of negro service r Not at all.
'formidable rebellion, so formidable as to be able to jj Laurens wont to South Carolina and urged his
interpret practically the law of nations. Whether li scheme. He had some strong men to indorse it,
not for lighting the flames of servile war or inflam-
ing anew the raging elements of a civil war grow-
ing out of the agitation of the servile relation, but
to prevent these very results, by organizing the
slaves under and with their mastcis for the pro-
tection of both from a foreign foe. What became
of this project? The historian tells us that it en-
countered at once that strong, deep-seated feeling
nurtured from earliest infancy among that peo-
ple, which was ready to decide, with instinctive
promptness, against l<a measure of so threaten-
ing an aspect, and so offensive to that republican
pi ide which disdains to commit the defense of the
counti y to .servile bands, or share with a color
to which the 'Jea of mfeiioiity is inseparably
connected, the profession of arms, and that ap-
proximation of condition which must exist be-
tween the regular soldier and the militia man.
This reasoning o{ the elder day is applicable now.
Men are black yet and white yet, and time haa
not changed them.
We cannot help the fact that the ncgi o is black.
Wc cannotreverse the established order of Prov-
idence and make him white. And if we cannot
do that, we con never eradicate from the great
body of the white people of Ameiica that picju-
dice against the black lace, which has been car-
ried from private life into the public service, and
which, if you run counter to it, will destroy the
vigor and esprit of the Army.
Why, Mr. Speaker, perhaps one third of our
present Ai my is made up of Iiishmen. We know
that agieatpart of the spnit of our Army comes
from the Celtic stock. Look at your Massachu-
setts regirmnia. I think that you will find in
those regiments a majority of Irishmen. I tell
i you,sh , these Irishmen will notfiuht side by side
| with the ncgio. You might as well be warned of
| these things in time. Yon would listen to such
| warnings, if indeed you wished the Army to suc-
i cecd, and the Union restored.
| I know that in the revolutionary times some
j States did allow negroes to enlist. New Hnmp-
! shire allowed them. New Jersey disallowed the
as ever to the most sensible views
•interpret pr
right or not, the lebel rulers hold that the use of ■
slaves by us is an outrage upon the laws of civil- i
ized warfare. If they act on that doctrine, again j
ask, with the Executive, what are we to do j
about it? This Government once undeitook to j
punish certain men as pirates. They were put in j
prison, tried, convicted, and, I believe, sentenced i
to death. But wc were advised that the South
would retaliate; and they did. They placcd some
of our best officers in piisons, and held them as
felons. What did our Government do? Did it
hang the pirates? Why not? Itbacked squarely
out of its position.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will permit
me, I want to say that not one of these men were
sentenced.
Mr. COX. Why were they not sentenced?
Mr. KELLEY. There was no final judgment
against any of them; there were motions for new
trials pending m all the cases at the time this ar-
rangement was made.
Mr. COX. Ah! What arrangement was made
by which these men were not hung?
Mr. KELLEY. That I cannot tell.
Mr. COX. They were exchanged as prison-
ers of war. The Government could not help it.
I do not for that complain of the Government.
It was an incxoiable necessity. There arc some
things that even the Government cannot do. The j
Piesident said well when Greeley complained of ;
the President because he did not pn ieef ihe free j
negroes captured at Harper's Feiry: " What can
1 do?'' A President that cannot go fifty miles
south of his capital is limited de facto as to his
power, though de jure his authority may iun to
the Gulf. This is, I repeat, a foi nndahle rebel-
lion. It interposes formidable obstacles in the
way of your plans for making black soldiers,
which jt will he well to heed. Yon must cease
underrating this ubellion. You must take into
consideration the fact that this southern confed-
eracy has a power <>f checking and letaliating;
ofherwist- you will so impenl our white soldicis,
to say nothing of the black's, that the Army will
lack m recruits and lose its etliciency.
But I have been diverted from my main object.
I piactjce,
j! of public duty. New York did allow it nt one
I did not intend to refer to anything except to the i| time, but I think dncouiaged it as demoralizing
histoucal question connected with the use of ne- ij and degrading. We ha\c a repoir of a regiment
grues in the revolutionary war. I could bring luised in Massachusetts and quarteied nt New
proof after proof that, as a system of policy, the I! York, in which there were a few negroes. Of the
negroes weie ruled out of our levolutionary strug- i| effect of their military companionship upon the
gle. On the l^ih of October, 1775, a committee }j white?, it is said:
of con ft re nee, consist i mc o [ Dr. I* i ankl i n, Ben ja- j j •• T^von m tin* rojnment there were a numb fir of negroes,
mm Ha i rison, and Tinmen; Lynch, with Lite drp- !'« to pekoes tieaeeuMnmod to such associations, had
uty Governors of Connecticut and Rhode Island, I1 a d'^wieeable, uegiadmg cQVct ''
uty
and the committee of the Council of Mas.su.-hu-
setts Bay, met at Cambndge to confer with Gen-
eral Washington. Their object was to rciiuigo-
rate the army. On the 2^d of October, says the
historian, [Historical Notes, occ., by George If.
Moore, hbraiian of the New York llistoncal So-
ciety, p. 7,] the nt-gi o question was pn sentcd and
disposed of as follows:
u Ought not ne^iotw to be oxcHirlod ftom the now
nient, especial!} such a? arc slaves' Ah weie thought im-
pioper by life council ofh.-ei^,
"./Zgjccd Uiatiliey be iejected altogether.''
Again, in general orders November 12, 1775,
Washington says:
" Neither negroes, boys unable to bear arms, nor old men
unfit to cnduic the faugueb of the campaign, aie to be en-
listed.''
One of my colleagues [Mr. Hutckin*s] yester-
day quoted Colonel Laurens, of South Carolina,
as an authority to show that negtoes were used
in the Revolution. Colonel Laurens was n zealous
and enthusiastic friend of independence, and fa- l:
vored the use of the negro as the aid of his mas- ii ]
ter in that struggle. His motive was good, noble,
and patnotic. The English Generals Dunmore
and Clinton had attempted to do what is now
sought to be done, hull the negroes into the war
as an clement of diabolic insurrection. Prof-
fers were made to slaves to run away and enlist
in the English army. Thousands of slaves wore
lost. The southern States were threatened bv an
army which would overrun and desolate it; and
in the emergency Congress consented that the
| 1 do not understand the arguments made on the
1 other side of the IIousc in favor of this measure.
; Some gentlemen pioposu not to mix blade and
white m the same company or icgiment. Why?
Cue me o reason for u, and I wi'l give you iho
leason why they should not be mixed in the same
ai my. Gentlemen should not bo so sensitive, who
aro wilnng that negroes should go into the same
aimy. But tlus point was handled most pun-
gently by my fiend from Kentucky, [Mr. Wads-
worth.] and I need not iefcr to it.
Mi. Speaker, the reason why this side of the
House has ft > ugh t this question so pertinaciously
is the one which I gave when I asked to be excused
from voting, that it was a part of a plot to drive
the border States out of the Union. Gentlemen
kn.iw very well, if they know anything of the peo-
ple of the bot der States noith and south of the Ohio
as represented in or out of the Aimy, that they
will never consent to the foimation of this foice
of black janizaries for any purpose. They will
but incite the people to mobs and mutiny. The
people aie not yet so degraded as to desire to save
jj then* Govetnment by the aid of black biigadcs;
: nor do I b"lieve the projectors of this measure
j expert to save the Government by such means,
j But it they had racked their brains for a contriv-
ance of misr.hu,f to pie\ent a heaity cooperation
I by the border States with our cause, they could
i not fed a more mischie\ ously diabolical plan than
I this bill. There ar«> momentous consequences
dependent on this sort of legislation. I beg the
! House to pause before they adopt it. This bill
