1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proposed at first to raise a negro army of one
hundred and fifty thousand. 1 believe that the
deeper and deeper, till that famous hour of resur-
rection can never reach them. Their party and
hundred and fifty thousand. 1 believe that the j, rection can never reacn uiom. xiten pany nnu
substitute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania i! their policy arc disapproved o'f by the Aimyana
[Mr. Stevems] is notlimitcd to any number. The'j by the people. The present bill will but add to
law as now existing gives the President the iullcst • the awful condemnation yet in store foi them.
.1: ... tlio «aiM-vi^r  TTp Tho irpinIonian said something about the sgcos-
ItlW (lb IK) W J iii- ,uluK
discretion to "employ " negroes in the service. He
may use these black brigades wherever and how-
ever he pleases. Do you believe that such a scheme
will ever be started or pursued with success? Will
the people,sir, allow it to go on ? Gentlemen forget
ie awiUl ciiuuvuiiiuiUMi yy. ^ i" oaut-
The gentleman said something about the seccs-
sion .sympathy of the Governor of New York;
that lie did not represent the loyal element of that
State. If the Governor elected by the people does
not represent the loyal element, who docs? If
. I.   ..it   .. ..  I ^ « i .. .1 ♦ i K i ^« TT /\ 11 ci a /T . A t
IUU | ;u| i«;,s i.,<i..ww It our urumiuuujnwi^., ( hwl ^   
that the people exist, and have spoken. This le- . the gentlemen reelected to this House do not rep-
eislation is in total disregard and contempt of their j resent the ioyal clement, who docs ? I would like
•' •   ; to know whether my colleagues from Ohio on the
! other side represent the loyal sentiment of Ohio?
j If they do, that loyal sentiment is in a minority;
I and that is not an unpleasant message to send out
| to Jefferson Davis. This vituperation is a slander
j upon the majority of the people of the Noith. We
i on this side are the representatives of the people.
| We have no sympathy with secession; neither i
j have the people of the North; none. Wo have
j in our own way sustained this Government. T
voice. They have spoken for the Democracy.
They hove a right thus to fipoak; a right which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] under-
took to exercise on behalf of the honest masses and
against the dishonest leaders of the Democracy !
He to speak for the Democratic people ! In his
speech of yesterday he more than intimated that
the Dcmoci acy were sympathizers with secession.
He was called to an account by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Duntnt,] who said that such jj in our own way sustained this Uovernment.^ x
remarks would have a bad effect in the country, ji have voted all the men and money last session
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. And in the Army. |j and this session to eairy on tins war.
But, notwithstanding all this, we are, forsooth,
to he stigmatized hy the gentleman fiom Illinois
. _ _  ..t,., , t a cijur fiim. Ill
Mr. WICKLIFFE. And in the Army.
Mr. COX. I quote the icprimand of the gen- :
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Duxm] for this slander
upon the Democracy:
u I have no especial regard for that institution, but 1 am
afraid that such gcneial, sweeping denunciations ot the
Democratic p.utv a* the tienlleinan lias indulged m may
linve ,i bad etioct. I, at havo full taith in the lo\alty
ot the great m-is^ee of the people of the ioyal States, no
matter to what patty they may bolong.>5
What did ho mean by that? Why would the
slander of the Jacobin from Illinois pioduceabad
effect m the country? Was it because it was un-
true? Was it because it w aw unwise ? What was
the object of that particular repumand? I will
tell you. The gentleman from Indiana knows
that the groat body of tins Army that answered
the call of the President, and entered into a war
to be carried on in pursuance of the resolution of
the cxtm session of Congress, ofTetcd by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] went
out to fight the battle of the Union and the Con-
stitution, and when that object was accomplished
they believed the war should stop. They never
went into a ciusadc of abolition; and when de-
nounced as secessionists, because not abolition-
ists, the " bad effect of such sweeping denuncia-
tions" might appear in a geneial abandonment of
thecontest by both Army and people. After this
overhauling of the Illinois member by the mem-
ber fi om Indiana, the former changed his denun-
ciations from the Democracy to its leaders, here
and elsewhere. The denunciation gamed noui-
ins: m truth or decency by the change. line is
what he said:
" 1 did not icfei to ihe honest rn.i^es of the I)< mocrauc >
party. it th '} had ^cc't the rlovt'ii'out matnics-ted hy the |
Democratic leader in tin- House,and lit dilieirnt poitions
of tin' comma, they would never have given them a seat
here. Govei not nmur would not havu been ducted Gov-
ernor ot New Yoik. The people know lliem now We knew
that the loader ucic in j-ympathj with the •secessionist*,_
but it did not manifest it^eli. The emancipation pol^y ot
the 1're-uhjnt Inoualu it out La-t jcar the "(Millennia Horn j
Kentucky eulogized the PrcMdent. He almost put lam on |
n niche bv the Mdc of Wadnnitton. Wc have not heatd one i
woid ot eulogy ot the Picbident tiom that yentlcm ui aulas j
se'sion." |
The member ftom Illinois thought that tee j
President's emancipation proclamation was like j
Ithuriel !s spear, that it had developed the seces- j
sion sympathies of the Democratic party, or oi ,
its representatives here. 1 w mt-'-J to remind the i
gentleman at the time that the "diamond-pointed j
• proclamation" was issued thirty days i,Mor«> the ;
election,and that as soon as it appeared the people
TO ne stigtnau^eo oy mu ^rnuL-imui «iwm
i as secession sympathizeis! A lew days ago, in
! the same strain of vituperation, he took me to j
j task, too, for the speech 1 made in New Yoi k city.
' For lack of something better, he ictcrrcd to my
:j small size. Could I ha\e had a chance to respond
' at the time, I would have fmni&hed this epitaph
for the gentleman, which I once met witn, and
which, slightly changed, would answer all he cap
say of the Democracy dmmg his hie, and suit
his case very appropriately after death:
" Ucnoath thw Mono owi'n Lovtjoy lief,
little in cvet \ tiuni:—eu-ept in size; [laughter.]
W iMt tliou'ih hi- bui!\ body fill- tins hob,
Yet tlnougu liell's kcyholu ci"pi hi*. lutlo >oul "
[Gieat laughter.]
Mr. Speakei, I hare spoken earnestly about
this bill,anil pciliaps I spoke ralher haishly when
I beij.in about the gentleman from Minnesota.
Before I sit down 
Mr. ALDI11CU. 1 hope the gentleman will
apologize.
Mr. COX. Not at ail.
Mr. ALDRICIl. 1 ilitl not mean anytlimg,
'anil the gentleman ought to know it. [Laughter ]
Mi. COX. The gentleman V unfading good hu-
mor got lather the mh ant.ige of lum, and Uh! him
to the dominance I relened to; and perhaps I lost j
.;onir of iiiv oidieai v good Uuu"ioi,and therelure
we will rail it" qnUs."
ATi' ALDRICIL All right.
Mr. COX \t< my friend is about retiring to
the tied liner of the North upon his congressional
lionois,I would not, by one word of nnne,distui b
the sweetness of that tranquil repose; so I hope
we understand each olher. [Laughter.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor, but yielded to Mr. Sargcn't.
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (11. U. No. 117) tendering-the
thanks of Congress to Commander John Jj. Wot-
dcn,of the United States Navy, to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass; and as a thing
of this sort to be well done ought to be done quick-
ly, 1 ask for the consideration of the resolution at
the present time. _ _ _ .
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
In p'ursuanee of the ree.ommendation of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and to enable him to
advance Commander John L. Worden one grade,
in pursuance of t hi- ninth section of the act of Con-
gress of July 16, 180~, the resolution proposes to
tender the thanks of Congress to Commander John
L. Worden for highly distinguished conduct in
conflict with the enemy, in the remarkable battle
between the United States iron-clad steamer Mon-
itor, under hiw command, and the lebel iron-clad
frigate Merriiaae, in March, 1862.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sfcnate,
and ordered lo a third reading. It was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
wiis referred the joint resolution (11. IL No. 112)
teudenngthe lhanksof Congressto Captain James
L. Lardner and other oflicersof the Navy, in pur-
suance of the recommendation of the President of
the United Stales, have instiueted me. to report it
back with two amendments, and with a recom-
mend at ion that it d o pass wi til those amend men ts.
As the amendments are important, and as the ac-
tion of the committee is important, 1 wish the
Senate to consider it at this time; far enough, at
least, to let m<- state the amendments and the
"rounds on which the committee have acted; and
then, if the Senate choose to act on it, they may;
if not, it may go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
tho unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
the resolution at the present time. Is there any
objection > The Chair hears none.
'Mr. 1IALE. 1 will read the resolution, which
is a short one, and I will state the amendments
wMel, the committee tiave proposed, and the
grounds on which they have acted. The resolu-
tion reads as follows-
took the alaim, and they gav
en nut H ah'tl uia-
lUUiv in. ""-j  
joi ity to the Democrats over then opponents, i In:
other side of the Chamber was dcl'c*)t"rj t>y that
unwise, ill-timed, and seditious proclamation.
Mr. WILSON. Let me say a word.
Mr. COX. Not now.
The gentleman from Illinois said the olher day
that he°thought there would bo a teversal of the
late election's, and that he looked foi ward with
pleasure to that result. Some tunc ago be said
we could not beat them ago in. Peihansnot, and
for a good leason; for his remeik reminds me oi
the doig who had his tail cut off, and then turned
orouin?to the man and said, " you cannotdo that
a"ain." [Great laughter.] Why, sir, the late
efections took from that side of the House from
twenty to thirl" members, and added them to the,
Democratic side. By 1664 we will sink them
O V1C); L A XI) K MI <; It A NT S.
On motion of Vli. S'VRGENI', and bv unan-
imous consent, the lull ot the Senate (No. <l,tO)
to provide lor the ptot-cnon of ovoilaml fmi-
I granl? to the Stales and Tenitorics of the Pacific,
was taken t'lom the Speaker's tab'e, read a first
I and second tone, and lefened to the Committee^
i on jMihtai y Affairs.
; Mr. DA WES If my colleague will yield, 1
I will move tiiat the House adjourn.
j Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. 1 yield for
|! that pin pose.
| Mr. DAWES. I submit that motion.
!J The motion was a;rre<d to.
'! The Ilouso ace") iljn^ly ("t fi\o o Vlock and fivc
j! minutes, p. in.) adj'ioined.
j! IN .SENATE.
! R\turd\y, Jiinuury 31, 18G3.
i Prayer by the Rev. It. MeMcnnir, of Kentucky.
i| Tlie Journal ot yesterday was read and approved.
i1 COHMITTr.i; SHI'.VICK.
;; The VICE PI! ESI DENT appointed Messrs.
'I Mown and Antiiu.nv to .succeed ?v'lessrs. Buown-
in-g and VVilll^ upon tile Committee on Lnroile-a
:i Hdls.
| TUANKS TO NAVAIi OFFICERS.
II Mr. HALE. I am in* rueted by the CommA-
licsolml. hi , Tli.it the thank') of Congress he.nntt they
art' hrrehy, jjiven to the following ofllccrs of the United
SuiK's Nuv>r*>pon the lecoimincnilatioii i>! the President of
the UiiiUnl States, u.um ly : Oapunu Janice L. Lardner, for
iii( iitoi nub rouduct ut tlio b:Uiltv ot I'oi i lloj n!, find di"-tin-
[..I'l^lH-d snvici'i on the coa-l «^f the United States against
tii<- eji'mv ; l^aptnm rhaile^ Ileniy Uavis foi distinguished
c(>; in iet u ith lli<- ciicmv at L'ort X'iIJow, atMm-
l,hi-.,jind ioi snnce^iulopeiation.^atothei points in the wa-
ic.soj tiie Mi^i^ippi liver; Comtnauder^John A. Danl-
f • ii lor di.-Ui.irui-hed service in lin; Inn. of his profrs-ion,
uniMoveintJiit^ ui oidnaneo, and ze;ilona and efficient labors
in the old nance branch of the sei vice ; Commander hfcpiicn
C Rowan, lor distinguished servicOb in tlie waters'of Not ill
Carolina, and p.uLttil.uly in iho captiur of Nowbc-ru, bemff
mi chief command of the naval foics; Commander David
!>. I'f)i(er, lor di^tinirm^hed '-'•i vices in the eoncepiion and
pr 'pai.iii'iii oi tin' mean^ n^ed ior tlie capture ol the forts
New Oil'-a:i<, and toi lu«hly mentorious c(Miductiu
ill*- mana"euietit oi the inoitai flotilla dining ihe homhaid-
of Ton- Jackson and l'hihp; Captain Silas tl.
iStrtniiliam, now on tlie muied list.for di-tm«ui^u*d <?ei vices
in tliucaptuieof Foils Ilatieras and Claik ; and that a copy
ot this M'^olutioii he ioiu arded to each ot the above otlicers
by tlie Pu'-uknt ot tin* United .State-*.
The firnt ami'iulmenL svhieh the cummittce reC'
oinmend ja U) fatiikc out what I now read:
Captain James L. Laulu'-r, for nici iiorious conduct at
the battlo ot 1'uit Ro\al, and di-tniym->l)ed smvieca on the
c<mst ol Hi'.1 United Htatos a;'am5t the enemy.
The ^lound upon which tTie committee pro-
oeeded in tliat ca^o is not derogatory to Captain
Lardner. They acknowledged the merit of his
sei vices, but they found it iH.crssary to adopt
some rule. I have befoie ine .i li&t, which has
been pKjMicd by the chief eieik of the Senate, of
all the vut'.s of tii:>)iks which have ever been
ptispt'd hy CvUi^i'^s pi 10r to this war, from tho
t, 1)( jriof t!ie CJo\einment, nnd they n.niount
ji tn1>ut seven. -:n votes of tiianks prior to thia
]j wit have be^n pusscd, and never except to tho
j' officer in command. Congress have never gone
down bc'ow that, {stnee the legislation oi the
,! hxsL ssession of Congress we have u recomtneuda-
tioi) from the President thut vote:* of toanks be
!' g^ven by ;r.une to between i( rty and Hfty officers,
:i about beven times as many as ever have been
*! crivon m the whole history of the Government. The
ji committee thought it was unwise, and was ren-
j 1 dei ing votes of ttianks too cheap, and they adopted
'! thfe rule that they woald not recommend votes of
