638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
V I
thanks to any officer except to the one in com-
mand of an expedition, or when it was a sepa-
rate service like the conflict of the Monitor and
the Merrimac, to the officer in command of the
vessel in that separate service, and they think that
is a wise rule. It is one in accordance with what
has always been adopted from the commencement
of the Government to the present time, and they
do not think it wise to depart from it; and for
that reason, and not because Captain Lardner
did not perform his whole duty, and perform it
well, they have stricken his name from the list
as not coming within the rule.
The next amendment is to strike out these
words:
Commander David D. Porter, for distinguished services
In the conception and pieparation of the moans u&ed tor the
capture of the foits below Now Orleans, and for highly
meritorious conduct in the management of the mortar flo-
tilla during the bombardment ot Pons Jackson and St.
Philip.
The committee move to strike it out, not because
Captain Porter did not perform his duty well there,
but he was not chiefin command, and he docs not
come within the rule. They propose to strike out
that clause, and to give Captain Porter a vote of
thanks by inserting the following words:
For the bravery and skill displayed in the attack on the
Post of Aikansa-:, which surrendered to the combined mil-
itary and naval forces on the lOtli of January, 1863.
This amendment is proposed to be inserted in
accordance with a recommendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States. As I .said, there aie be-
tween forty and fifty of these recommendations
for votes of thanks now pending before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, referred to them by order
of the Senate. The committee have come to the
conclusion I have stated, and if the Senate sus-
tains them,it is we]!; if not, they will do otherwise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator what is the effect upon an officer's rank in
the Navy, of giving him a vote of thanks.
Mr. HALE. A vote of thanks to a captain
makes him eligible to the office of rear admiial,
and it continues him on the activc list ten years
longer; and I will state further to my friend from
Maine, that the Committee on Naval Affairs think
this whole business is unwise. They think that a
vote of thanks should be the spontaneous offering
of the nation's gratitude, and that it should carry
no consequences with it; that it should not be a
sort of stock in trade, by which the officer may
rise'.and the committee have instructed one of their
membeis to prepare a bill repealing that whole Jaw
which gives any special effect to a vote of thanks,
and the bill has been drafted and reported to the
committee, and sent to the Secretary of the Navy
for the views of his Depai tment. Thai is the view
of the committee, and 1 think it will be the view
of the Senate. This matter of making them so
common and attaching these consequences to them
degrades the whole affair in the estimation of the
committee.
The amendments were agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in and ordered to be engrossed, and the joint res-
olution to be read a third lime. It was read the
third time, and passed. The title was amended
so as to read, " A joint resolution tendering the
thanks of Congress to Captain Charles Henry
Davis and other officers of the Navy, in pursu-
ance of the recommendation of the President of
the United Slates."
Mr. GRIMES* It should be 44 commodore.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis " eapu>in"m
the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not any such officer
as Captain Charles Ilenry Davis; he is a com-
modore. I move to reconsider the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill may he
changed, by unanimous consent, by changing the
title from " captain"to" commodore,"and mak-
ing the same change m the body of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I ask that, by unani-
mous consent, (he resolution maybe changed so
as to correspond with the grades that any of the
other officers may occupy at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the petition of Thomas
B. Valentine, with a bill (S. No. 425) for the re-
lief of Juan Miranda and others, have instructed
me to report back the bill with a substitute, and
also to ask for its present consideration. There
are reasons why it ought to be passed at this ses-
sion, and if the Senate will listen to a brief state-
ment I think they will be satisfied.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not worth while to read
the original bill. The committee report an entire
substitute, because the bill undertakes to provide
for a grant to a man who is in his grave, and the
substitute covers the case fully.
The Secretary road the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which was to strike out
all of the original bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert:
That the district court of the United States for the north-
ern district of California he, and is hereby, authorized and
required to hear and decide upon the merits, the claim
of Thomas B. Valentine, claiming title under a Mexican
grant to Juan Miranda, to a place called the u Rancho Ar-
rjro de San Antonio," situate in the county of Sonoma,
and Strue of California, in the same manner and with the
same jurisdiction a< if the claim to the said tract of land had
been duly presented to the board of land commissioners un-
der the ptoviMons oi tiie act entitled ki An actto ascertain
and settle the private land claims in the Stat'1 ofCahforma,"
npptoved Match 3, 1831, and an appeal had been duly taken
fiom their decision to the said district court by the said
Thomas B. VahMUinc.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it fmthcr enacted, That on the said bear-
inn any testimony heretofore taken before the said boaid of
commissioners in relation to >nid claim on behalf of the
said claimant, or of the United State*., may he read, subject
to all just exceptions to it> com petencj ; and additional test-
imony, on ntlior part, nuy be taken under the order and
direction of sud di-tuct court, a- to the vahditj of said
claim, or the extent and boiuulaues of the land so claimed.
Hkc. 3. jindbe i( finther enacted, That an appeal may he
taken fiom the final decision and decree of the said di^ti ict
conit to the Siipicmc C'ouit of the United States-by either
paity. in accotdance with theprowsionsot the tenth section
ot said act of Maich «<, lbol.
Mr. BAYARD. This bill was before the com-
mittee at the lust session, and intrusted to me for
investigation; and at the close of the session i
declined to report favorably upon it, and asked to
be discharged without consideration of the merits,
because thei e was a defect on the p<u t of the claim-
ant in showing that his non-prosecution of his
petition before the board of land commissioners
did notarise from negligence on his part. If there
was gross negligence on the part of the party in
not prosecuting Ins claim, [ could not bring inv
mind to set the precedent of congressional relief,
which would bring back upon us a vast class of
cases which ought not to be the subject of legis-
lative provision. That defect, however, has been
supplied, and I will now state the case.
The claimant claims, under a giant made by
the Mexican Government to Juan Miranda in
1814, who had been in possession of the land un-
j dor their foirn of proceedings from the year 1838,
; and died in 1845. After his death, and after the
| jurisdiction of fho United States was established
j over the country, in 1850, the property was sold
! under an order of a probate court in California
t on the application of his heirs for the payment of
! his debts, and was purchased by the present claim-
: ant for something over nine thousand dollars,
j When the board of land commussioneis was or*
! ganized, the claimant presented his petition for
I the confirmation to him of this land; but there
| was also a petition presented at the same time by
| another person undera grant alleged to have been
i made to Manuel Ortiga. Itseems by the evidence
; now before the committcc,and on your files, that
; n was a common error of the profession m Cali-
• fornia that the thirteenth section of the act of 1851
1 allowed of intervention wherever a claim was es-
! tabhshed finally by the decree of the court which
l last heard it, whether the parties claimed under
| distinct tides or undera derivative title. That
!j error led to the fact that Mr. Valentine, by the
!; advice of his counsel, withdrew his petition, in-
M tending to intervene in the district court when the
■ case got there. Ortiga's claim wasconfirmed. Val-
i entine went into the district court subsequently,
| and proposed, by petition, to intervene; but the
I court decided that intervention was out of the
question, and that the thirteenth section did not
apply to it. The difficulty arises from an ob-
scurity jn the law. I have no doubt the correct
construction is given now, and was given then by
the district court; but when the case of Ortiga
came up on appeal to the Supreme Court m 1859,
the Supreme Court reversed the decrec, but did
not adjudicate on the title of Ortiga; they sent it
back for further hearing; and on the face of the
opinion, which was considered directory, it ex-
pressed in thestrongest language the rightof this
very claimant, who was no party to the proceed-
ings, to intervene under the thirteenth section of
the act of 1851. That is pretty strong evidence
that there was a common error.
When the petition of this claimant was pre-
sented here at the last session, after reading that
decision I told the parties they must go to the Su-
preme Court, as the district court had refused in-
tervention, and ask for a mandamus, and I could
not doubt th at it would be gran ted. They did make
the application; but the Supreme Court, on the
argument of that rule, changed their opinion, and
they refused the mandamus on the ground that the
construction of the law did not permit of interven-
tion by the holders of titles underdistinct grants,
and therefore the decision of the court below, in
that respect, was right.
The efiVct of this is that the communis error of
the piofession placed this party, by the mere lapse
of time, without the possibility of even having his
claim heard in a court of justice. Subsequently
to that, the case of Ortiga went back to the district
court under the order of reversal and for full in-
vestigation; and the district court have dismissed
that claim as invalid, and I think even fraudulent.
Theie is an appeal pending from that in the Su-
preme Court. But the point which makes this case
strong on the pait of the present claimant being
entitled to relief is,thatin the first case ofthehear-
mg of Ortiga's claim before the Supreme Court,
that coui t admit distinctly, and in so many words,
that the United States have no interest in the sub-
jcct-matter,that the land either belongs to Miranda
ortoOi tiga,and that under no circumstances could
it belong to the United States. With this admis-
sion of the highest court in the land on the record,
that the United States have no claim or title to this
land, 1 cannot conceive that we should adhere to
a ngid, technical construction of the law of 1851,
which was'doubtful in words and character, and
acting under which the party, by a common error
of the profession in its construction, and which
was subsequently sanctioned by an opinion of the
Supreme Court did not proceed in time under that
law, which, by its own limitation, has now ex-
pired. It seems to me that the Government of the
United States cannot take advantage of the pro-
visions of that law and claim this land as public
land, which is the necessary result if this party is
not entitled to be heard.
All that the bill now reported by the committee
provides for is, that he shall have a hearing. If
he can establish his claim, well and good; if he
cannot establish it, the land will then belong to
the Government of the United States. That is the
whole effeel of it. At the last session, though 1
thought it was a hard case, I came to the conclu-
sion that if it had resulted from the negligence of
the party alone, or even of his counsel alone, I
would not have been willing to seta precedent
which I should have considered dangerous; but
that is entirely obviated by the affidavit of a gen-
tleman who is certified to be a man of standing
and chaiacter at the California bar, who is disin-
terested in the matter, entirely disconnected from
the case, and who swears that it was the common
opinion of the profession; and he also states that
the decisions before the board of land commission-
ers gave color to that opinion by deciding that that
was the mode of relief without reference to the
question whether the party.claimed under a de-
rivative or under a distinct title. That occasioned
the whole error. The law in its language might
admit of either construction; but I think the better
interpretation is that which is now given to it.
Under these circumstances it seems to me that
it would be anything but justice in the United
!i States if they did not remove the bar of time and
permit the party to be heard before the courts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
11 was read the third time, and passed.
ij On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the title was
i| amended so as to read: "A bill for the relief of
j I Thomas B. Valentine, claiming title underaMex-
! ican grant to Juan Miranda, deceased/'
|] BILLS INTRODUCED.
IS Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con*
