1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
sent obtained, feave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 128) authorizing the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury to adjust the account
for loss of exchange of 2. B. Caverly, late secre-
tary of the United States legation at Peru; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
EXPORTATION OP CONTRABAND ARTICLES.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to take up the res-
olution I offered,asking information of the Pres-
ident—the resolution which was laid over at the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I desire the information from the President by
Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not read the resolution
over since the Senator offered it. Does the Sen-
ator propose to take the subject up on Monday?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to have the inform-
ation by Monday. It is a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resoloed, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate any orders js.-ued by the Secretaries of
War and the Treasury in regnrd to a genera! prohibition to
export arms and munitions of war from the United States,
and especially tu the Mexican rcpublie, and any orders in
regard to the expoitation of articles contraband of war for
the use of the French anny invading Mexico.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to suggest that
the resolution shall be put in the common foim
of a resolution addressed to the President—"if
not inconsistent, in his opinion, with the public
interests."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection to
that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
MILITIA LAW.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 493) for the encouragement of
reenlistments, and for enrolling and drafting the
militia, and for other purposes, have directed me
to report it back and recommend its passage. I
give notice that I shall endeavor to get it up early
next week, and I hope Senators will carefully ex-
amine the bill, for it is very important.
ISAAC VANDERPOEfj.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill for the relief of Isaac Vanderpoel. It is a
short bill, appropriating some two hundred and
six dollars to pay a claim. It can bo disposed of
in a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Isaac
Vanderpoel. it directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to allow to Isaac Vanderpoel, late United
States Army pension agent at Albany, New Yoik,
in his account with the Government of the Uni-
ted States of pensions paid by him, the item of
$206 66, paid on the 10th of October, 1855, to
George Hamilton, purporting to act as attorney
for Elizabeth Vanderheyden, a pensioner under
the act of 3d of February, 1853.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator to explain
the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I am desired by the Senator
from Iowa to explain to the Senate what is the
intention and meaning of the bill. It is to restore
to Mr. Vanderpoel the sum of $206 66, which he
paid out upon a forged power of attorney. The
power of attorney was forged, and the acknowl-
edgment was forged, and the seal of the notary
was stolen, and a genuine impression of the seal
placed upon the power; so that the pension agent
was deceived, and paid the money under those
circumstances. By his endeavois the man who
foiged the power of attorney was apprehended,
tried by a court, and imprisoned. Under these
circumstances the committee thought the money
might be refunded.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EDMUND II. BROOKE.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senate to take up House
bill No. 519, to increase the pay of Edmund li.
Brooke, the chief clerk in the paymaster's depart-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senatej as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that the pay of Edmund
H. Brooke, the present chief clerk in the paymas-
ter's department of the United States Army, shall
be at the rate of $2,500 per annum, from and after
the passage of this act, during the continuance of
the present war, and for six months thereafter.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend the
bill so as to give Mr. Brooke the same rate of com-
pensation for the last year, lie discharged then
the same duties that he does now, and discharged
them very faithfully and very laboriously. This
bill, it should be recollected, passed the House of
Representatives at the last session. It was then
thought proper by the House that he should re-
ceive this compensation j but under the bill as it
now stands, ho will only get the increase from its
passage.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not object to paying
this gentleman $2,500, if his services are worth
that sum; but, sir, the Government has fulfilled
its contract with him up to this date, and I am
opposed to dating a man's compensation back.
If this gentleman ought to receive for his services
a salary of $2,500, 1 think we had better pass the
bill as it came from the House; but 1 hope this
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I also hope it will not pre-
vail, though I shall not oppose this bill. The Sen-
ator from New Yotk, I know, is very exacting,
and not much given to opening the Treasury 
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I will withdraw the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Rut I want to put in my
protest that this shall not be used as a precedent
for every other chief cleilc in every other bureau
of the Government to receive the same salary that
is given to this cleik. That will be the next bill
biought'm here, that the chief clerk in each one
of the other bureaus of this Government shall
have the same pay as the chief cleik in the pay-
master's department.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me, I should like to ask him whether
the protest will prevent their calls, and whether
the protest will be a good answer to those cads'
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to my
friend from Illinois to have his protest put on the
bill by way of amendment,so that it shall go upon
the record. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMUULL. That is exactly the way
all these salaiies nte wised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to say a few words
before tins bill pusses, in mder to give Senators
fair notice of what they must expect.
A short time ago we created the office of Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy, and the Senate, per-
haps without much consideration, fixed his sal-
ary at $4,000, which was $1,000 higher than that
of any other Assistant Secietary in the Govern-
ment. At the la?>t session of Congress, the Sec- j
retaryof thcTrcasury lecommended very strongly
that the salary of the Assistant Se< ictaiy of the
Treasury should be uused to £4,000. It passed
the House and came to the Senate, and, perhaps,
without a great d(\d of consideration, but think- I
ing that certainly his d uties were exceedingly ardu-
ous, and knowing perfectly well that they weie,
his salary was mised to $4,000. At this session,
the House of Representatives has inserted an
amendment in one of the appropriation bills rais-
ing the salary of the Assistant Secretary of State
to $4,000. The Committee on Finance thought
it was about time tu stop, and they have reported
against that proposition. They saw no reason
for it. During this session 1 have been applied
to by members of the I louse of Representatives
and by other gentlemen, saying it is very unfair
that we should make any distinction; that we
ought to raise the salary of the Assistant Sec-
retary of State; that we ought to raise the salary
of the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and the
Assistant Secretaries of War; although I will
say, with reference to them, there has been no ap-
plication whatever mode from the War Depait-
menton that point. The Assistant Postmasters
General say, that by virtue of existing laws, their i j
salaries are raised, although I think it is not so, 'j
owing to the fact that when those offices were
created it was provided that their salaries should [j
be the same as that of the Assistant Secretary of j
the Treasury, simply, without stating the sum; •!
and as the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury has been raised to $4,000* they say their
salaries follow; but there has been no appropria-
tion made. The Committee on Finance came to
the conclusion that they would stop where they
were, and oppose all increase of salaries at the
present time.
Now, sir, here comes what is called a very
meritorious case, and I dare say.it is—an applica-
tion in behalf of a chief clerk in one of the bureaus
to raise his salary to $2,500. If we pass it, the
result will be that every chief clerk in'every bu-
reau will insist upon having his salary raised ac-
cordingly. They say these distinctions between
chief clerkships are very odious and unjust; that
they do not object to their "salaries being kept
where they are, if the salaries of the others are also
kept there, and taking their chance; but if you
make a distinction in favor of one, it is not right,
and you ought to raise the whole of them. We
shall either be obliged to do it, or to submit to a
groat deal of inconvenience with reference to it,
and to a very plausible argument, to say the least
of ft.
Under these circumstances, I shall vote against
this bill, however meritorious it may be, simply
for the reason that I think this is no time to raise
salaries anywhere. We are all obliged to work
as cheap as we possibly can with reference to that
matter. While I would not take advantage of the
present time, when the expenses of living are so
high, owing somewhat to the depreciation of the
curiency,and the taxes are onerous, to reduce,
salai ies, and think it would be unjust—the labor-
er in worthy of his hire—I do not think it is a time
for raising them; and therefore, for one, 1 shall
vote against this bill.
I have simply made this statement in order that.
Senators may all understand precisely the position
in winch they may be placed if they pass the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mi. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill, f in-
tend to vote against all these measures for increas-
ing salaries.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I wish to say that
my attention was called to the case of Mr. Brooke
in the pay department, and I have also known the
manner m which he has discharged his duties, by
having business before that dcpaitment. He is a
worthy, excellent, and laborious officer, almost
indispensable to the proper discharge of the duties
of that bureau. 1 believe if there is a meritorious
case anywhere in the whole public service for an
increase of salary, this is precisely the one; and
although I am opposed to raising salaries at this
time, I desire to pay this man for his services what
I think they are properly worth.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am not con-
scious of having voted for the creation of any civil
office at this session of Congress, and I do not in-
t< nd to do so; nor do I intend to vote for the in-
crease of the pay of any one; and especially will
1 not do it while I know that a portion at least of
the soldieis from my State have not, or had not
at the last I heard from them, icceived one dollar
of pay since the month ofNovember, 1861. With
that fact staring me m the face, I do not see how
1 can consistently vote money out of the Treas-
ury to support civil officers here in the city of
Washington, who will draw their pay regularly
every month, which ought to go to support the
families of the soldiers in my State who have gone
to the battle-field. I know perfectly well, and so
does every Senator within the sound of my voice,
that there are other officers connected with the de-
partments m Washington who are just as faith-
ful and perform just as arduous labors as the gen-
tleman whose case is now under consideration;
and if we once begin to innovate upon the rates
which have been established, and which we are
now giving, we shall immediately have a deluge
of similar applications, and before Congress ad-
journs we shall have, the salaries of all the civil
officers about Washington raised. For my part
I want to enter my name on the record in oppo-
sition to the passage of this bill.
Mr. KING. I shall vote for this bill, because
I think this increase of pay is well desetved by
the officer to whom it is proposed to be given. I
will say frankly if I had the power I would rather
