1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
to the consideration and fostering care of the
Government, by the creation of an independent
Department of Agriculture, whose operations
should be exclusively directed to the advancement
of that great national interest. That act was
everywhere received with favor and satisfaction.
Much good was expected from it; much good is
now expected from it; much good may be im-
parted by it to the agricultural interests, and in-
directly to all the interests of the country, pro-
vided you give it the means for a full and fair
trial. It may be made the agency—and that is
the object of the Department—of important agri-
cultural improvements; of improvements in the
quantity and quality and variety of agricultural
products, by the introduction of new and varied
and valuable seeds, ceieal.s, fiuits, and plants; in
testing by chemical analysis the different kinds
and qualities of soils, and their peculiar adapta-
tion to particular products; and, more than all,
by stimulating a general spirit of agricultural im-
provement among* the people.
This present Department has already opened
an extensive correspondence, as I am informed,
with practical and scientific agriculturists at home
and abroad. It is already receiving answers in
large numbers, many of them containing valuable
and important infoimation. it is also receiving
valuable contributions in the way of seeds and
plants, in great variety and of rare and superior
quality; and our farmers are calling for these;
they are anxious to try their culture, by way of
experiment. Some of them, it is true, may prove
unproductive. Many others, doubtless, will prove
successful and remunerative. This depends m a
very great degree on the character of the soil and
the climate, as well as on the modes of cultivation.
The arwele of sorghum, for instance, a species
ofsugar-cane, to which reference hasaheady been
made, a few years ago was introduced, through
the agency of t his little Agi icu I tural Office, this at-
tachment to the Patent Office Bureau, and its cul-
tivation tried in many of the States. It may pot
prove to be a successful or profitable cultivation
in the extreme noithern States; but lam told that
the production from this article alone the past
year in the three States ot Ohio, 3 ndiana,and Illi-
nois was a yield of forty million gallons of sirup
or molasses, of a veiy fine and superior quality,
and of an estimated \aiue of at least $20,000,000.
Cotton and rice, and many other articles, the
cultivation and growth of which have been here-
tofore almost exclusively confined to the southern
States, 1 have no doubt may be introduced and
cultivated to advantage and profit in the northern
States;and particularly m thenoi th western States,
upon the rich lands of the valleys of the Missis-
sippi and its tiibutanes.
The great need, Mr. President, and the mam,
leading object of this Agticultuial Depaitment,
is to have some central point, some organized
efficient agency, where the requisite information
upon all these subjects may be collected, and from
which it may be disseminated among the people,
and where every f<u inor may be able to obtain it.
I say, then, let this Department be sustained;Jet
it be liberally sustained; let it have fair and full
trial of its capability for usefulness, if it proves
a failure, let us abolish it altogether^ If success-
ful, if it answers the public expectation, I under-
take to say that it will leturn to the Government
fourfold, ay, tenfold, the amount of all your
expenditures upon it.
The popular branch of Congress, the moie im
mediate representatives of
• peop!
:ss wants and
wishes, have, by a very decided m.ipu-ity, recom- j
mended the appropriation of ^l.HO.OOO lor this i
purpose. This is but a small sum—(i snuiU sum [
for such a purpose—about half the amount, 1 be- i
lieve, that one of your Army paymasters from
Cincinnati, a while n^o, gambled away in a sin-
gle night. It is but a small contribution to the
great leading industrial interest of the country^
that interest which is the support and the life of
the nation; a sum which, in comparison of your
daily expenditures, is but as a diop to the ocean.
Shall we withhold this small pittance for this
gieat purpose ? Shall we reduce it? Shall we give
it grudgingly in aid of the great farming class of
the country; and, I will say, the gieat tax-paying
class of the countiy, and the lasthom whom you
will ever hear complaint of taxation for purposes
.of this kind—the preeminently loyal class of the
country; for there art; no traitois and no sj, tnpa-
thizers with treason, at any rate, but very few,
among our farmers, among the great laboring class
who earn their daily bread by their daily toil ?
Mr. President, we should at least be careful that
we do no act, which, by misconstruction even,
can be taken as a manifestation of neglect or of
indifference, even, to that great controlling class
of our fellow-citizens upon whose industry depend
the prosperity and strength of the country; and
above all upon whose loyalty, upon whose fidelity,
upon whose strong arms, and upon whose strong
will chiefly rest to-day the hopes of the Republic.
These are some of the general reasons, briefly
stated, which will induce me to vote against the
proposed amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and to sustain the proposition of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the Agricul-
tural Office, in my judgment, has been a decided
success. I will not repeat what the Senator who
has just taken his seat has said in relation to the
sorghum sirup. I might mention that experi-
ments on that subjcct have not been brought per-
haps to the highest success of which they are
capable, i believe that until a very recent period
it was supposed that sugar could not be made of
the molasses of the sorghum. The opposite fact,
however, has been demonstrated thoroughly dur-
ing the last year. I have at my desk here sam-
ples of sugar made of the sirup, which I invite
Senators to look at. I have here various varieties
not made in the sugar refineries in the large cities
requiring large capital, but made by the farmers
on their plantations with apparatus that is very
simple. The samples I have here were chiefly
made in the State of Illinois; as fine a quality of
sugar perhaps as can be made out of the Louisi-
ana sugar-cane.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator whether this sugar was made
at the Agricultural Dureait? Did they try the ex-
periments by winch it was found out5
Mr. HARLAN. The seed was originally pro-
cured by the Agricultuial Office from abioad, and
sent all over the country. It was thus introduced
in the first place, and the farmers learned how to
make sirup of an inferior quality in the first place,
which they have improved from year to year by
uxpeiience.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator under-
take to say that they introduced it i n the first place;
that they found out this sorghum seed at that bu-
reau '
Mr. HARLAN. It was introduced, I under-
stand, by that office originally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ~ Not at all. It was a dis-
covery made by other people; but they sent out
agents and got the seed.
' Mr. HARLAN. Arid disseminated it over the
country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course they did that.
Mr. HARLAN. A* the Senator from Maine
states positively that it was discovered by other
people, I have no doubt he is right; but this office
disseminated it over the eoun'ry, and bi ought
public attention to it.
I mijrht state in connection with this subject,
also, that the character of % heat nt the Northwest
has been claim.'1 d wr.lnn the last few yiar> in the
same way. Wo are now cultivating m the State
i of Iowa a snmmei wheat that is poi haps eqn.il, or
! vet y nearly equal, to the very best qualities of win-
' ter whe.it ptodueed in the best wheal-Lrt<>wing ie-
I u-jons agiain so peifect in its eon forma: ion that
; it is very difficult foi the most expei icriced millers
: to distinguish the sumniu li <un the winter vai lety.
! The same success has attended experiments with
« various other plants and fiuits mtiodueed by this
: office.
We onjjht not to <-,,mc to tho <-<mclu-" n 'hat
successful experiment in this dneetion has been
e n 11 rel y < x h au s f ed. "V\ 11 v < Mr, the coin s < a I k s
and coin husks that now incumbei the eorn dis-
tricts of the Nonhwest are capable of being con-
verted into a staple' of immense wdue, woi ih hun-
dreds of millions of dollars. I luae here a few
specimens of products fi om com husks and coin
- stalks. Here is a specimen of coui-f ch.th ,.rr.-
i duced from coin husksoi '' rshueks; n lsonu'e,
!! but fn m and strong, strongly 1 esembl mg flax mien;
and which experiments will doubtless improve.
!j The husk and stalk arc reduced to fiber—a kind
;! of cotton—and spun and woven m the oubnary
li manner, 1 have heie. aho, specimens of paper
made out of the same materials, some one hundred
and twenty different varieties, from the coarsest
wrapping paper, strong and firm, to the finest
quality of writing paper. Now, sir, here is a
commodity that Hitherto has been cast away by
hundreds of thousands of tons in the corn-grow-
ing regions, that is capable of being brought into
immediate use to supply a want which has been
occasioned by this rebellion. Cotton has be-
come difficult to procure; rags have become very
scarce and dear; and paper has runup enormously
in value, until you are now paying for your pub-
lic printing more than twofold what it cost twelve
months since. This office has been collecting facts
on this subject, which it is believed will enable
our paper manufacturers, out of the corn husks,
thousands of tons of which are thrown away and
burned every year on the fields of the North west,
to supply this want.
I might mention another subject to which pub-
lic attention is being called through this office. It
is the conversion of the lint of the flax into a kind
of flax cotton. Heretofore there have been some
experiments made on this subject that were par-
tially successful, but not entirely so. On account
of the low price of cotton these experiments have
not been prosecuted as thoroughly as they ought
to have been. I will not now detain the Senate
by entering into a minute explanation of this sub-
ject, and the difficulties that have been met. and
partially overcome. I will only mention that when
examined under a glass of a high magnifying
power, 1 have been informed that the cotton fiber
is found to be covered with minute hooks. In the
process of spinning, these hooked or barbed fibers
hold on to each other with considerable persist-
ence. This enables the spinner to draw out and
form the yarn without handling, with machinery
alone. The extremely kinky character of fiber
of wool secures a similar result; while the flax
fiber is perfectly straight and smooth. An effort
has been made to change its texture by chemical
means, which has been partially successful. It
is believed that the difficulty can be entirely over-
come, and the cotton mills enabled to spin and
weave flax Unt as readily as they now manufac-
ture common cotton. I need not say that on the
lieh lands of the Northwest the straw of flax can
be raised as cheaply as timothy or clover hay;
perhaps more so, It is almost indigenous to the
soil. It grows almost without cultivation, and
maybe sold in the market by the ton for three or
four dollais, 1 have not the slightest doubt, bring-
ing the cost of the flax cotton as low as six or
ci^lit cents per pound. These experiments have
been prosecuted until the cost of removing the lint
from the straw has become ttivial. U could now
be sold in the maiket in unlimited quantities at
one sixth the pieaent price of cotton, and would
be in uni versa I demand if i he manufaclui ers could
spin it like cotton or wool. _ This difficulty has
been met, and jt is believed will be overcome. "We
are probably on the veiyeveof a triumphant suc-
cess, and, if so, it will be worth hundreds of mil-
lions ot money pin annum to this nation. Here-
tofore the (difficulty ni the way of successful
expemm nt in these products was the extremely
low pi ice of cotton. It has no w attained a n enor-
mous value; and then* is no doubt in the minds
of those whose attention has been called to this
snbjict I hat we may supply the deficiency as
cheaply as the cotton at its original value.
It is intimated that these experiments have not
all been made m the Agucultural Office, Jt is true
thev have not been; very few of them have been
made theie; but the office is engaged m collecting
the la' ts eonne< ted with ixpenmcnts that have
been made in our own and other countries, and
enmmui)u\i'iiu; theni to the public. I hold m my
hand a p.imphlet win-h bears internal ewdeneo
that it is of German oi igm, showing that exper-
iments with the finer of the corn stalk and coin
husk wete made one hundred yeais
bioughl to a veiv successful issue, with the ex-
ception of the pi see of the commodity. After
taxing their ingenuity to the utmost in pi rf« ctiug
macn'inei ) and < heapening the various pmeessey,
as far an the then existing condition of scientific
knosvh dge would enable them to do, they found
that the paper product was still more costly than
the panei made of rags. This suggested to man-
ufacturers the importance of reducing the fiber to
thread, and the thread to cloth, so that the cloth
mirht be first worn and the lags of the clutii
