646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
be done, that it be put on correct principles, that
is to say, true principles, and let us know exactly
what is meant.
Mr. R.ICE obtained the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Senator from
Minnesota to give way to me for a moment.
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I know how adroit the Sen-
ator from Maine is, and how conclusive his logic
will usually be found. It seems to me, however,
that he has been more adroit than sound on this
occasion. I think he has made a bad use of words.
1 see nothing resembling theft in anything 1 have
done or anything that the Commissioner of Agri-
culture has done, no more than there would bem
the school teacher who learns the urchn^the al-
phabet, and how to combine them into words, and
woids into sentences, and sentences into a dis-
course. The Senator may say that the school
teacher did not invent the alphabet; somebody else
did so centuiies since; and therefore lie is perpe-
trating a literary theft on the whole country in pre-
tending that lie has invented an alphabet; and
therefore schools and academies and colleges are
all worthless. He might say the same of a judge
on the bench, that he committed a liteiai y theft in
the authorities he cites in rendering a decision;
he has collected those authorities together, and
palmed them off on thebarand the country as his,
when, in fact, he never invented any of those au-
thorities, and never originated a single decision
that he has cited. IIow very absurd tins would
sound to the logician, and no more absurd than
the exhibition the Senator has made of himself on
the point now pending before the Senate.
Mr, FESSENDEN. That is not parliament-
ary, i will suggest to my friend.
Mr. HARLAN. Then i will withdraw the lan-
guage. I intend to speak only of the impression
it makes on my mind.
But let us see how the argument stands, and
how far my argument is justly subject ro the crit-
icism of my honorable friend. The Committee
on Finance propose an appropriation of $60,000
for this Department. The Department is in exist-
ence, is in successful operation. I, in my place
in the Senate, suggest that the appropriation pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance is not large
enough, m my opinion, to meet the wants of this
Department. Hitherto it may have been suffi-
cient. The amount hitherto appropriated has re-
sulted in the accomplishment of vastgood. That
has been manifested. It. has been admitted by the
chairman of the committee. I have attempted to
^how that the field has not been exhausted, and
that in the condition in which the country is now
found there is a necessity for a larger appropria-
tion. 1 have attempted to show that various com-
modities which have been heretofore pioduced at
a veiy cheap rate, and which have entered into
the general consumption, have, on account of the
leliellton,grown very dear, have become very ex-
pensive, and there is nuv matetial in the country
which may, by scientific experiment, be convei ted
into a substitute for these various commodities
that we are not now able to procure at the cheap
rates that formerly prevailed. Whore is the de-
fect in the logic? Heretofore the appropriation
was sufficient to meet the wants of the country
in this respect. An immense amount of good has
been achieved. The wants of the country have
increased; the demand is now greater on account
of the existing wai; and hence I ptopose an in-
creased appropriation. Now, with due deference
to the Senator's capacity as a Senator and as a
logician—and none esteem him more highly than
I do, and noneadmne him more sincerely—I sec
no incongruity.
It seems to me thatthe facts that have been pre-
sented arc not illegitimate or irrelevant. I do not
see anything resembling theft in all this, i know
that the Senator used the svord in a playful way
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator certainly
could not have understood me in any possible way
when I spoke of Us being a theft as saymg any-
thing in the slightest degree offensive to him per-
sonally, because I disclaimed that in the begin-
ning. °
Mr. XIARLAN. I do not think that the Sen-
ator intended any such thing; I know he intended
nothing unkind; but I was not willing to havemy
logic,as my honorable friend was pleased to style
u, di&torted by logic which, in my opinion, was
no better than my own.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mere matter of
opinion, of course.
Mr. RICE. I have nothing to say in regard
to theft or logic; but, from the facts before us, I
believe that, if we make the appropriation pro-
posed by the bill, the result will be that money
will be obtained lawfully, which, were it not for
the effect of the law, would be obtained improp-
erly. I am a friend to agriculture. My region
is an agricultural region. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] says that the appropriation to the
Agricultural Department should be increased. He
gives his reasons. I differ with him entirely as
to the reasons. I admit that the great increase of
applicants for office furnishes, perhaps, a pretext
for increasing the appropriation; that is the only
reason for it. This increase that is asked for is
for salaries; it does not increase to the amount of
a paper, more or less, the number of seeds. We
do not, under the system as now established, re-
ceive the same quantity, or anything like as great
a quantity of seeds, as we did under the old sys-
tem. As for set*]*, 1 have been in the two Houses
ten years, and there has riot been a year, since I
have been here, in which I could not go and pur-
chase for five dollats a greater quantity of seeds,
in value at least, than I have ever received from
the Patent Office to distribute to my constituents.
I iccollect on one occasion there was a large lot
of seeds procured; 1 cannot exactly give the title
that was put upon the labels; it was Italian, or
French, or Indian, or something, I do not know
what, but tlx* result proved that they were noth-
ing but Canada thistle seeds. I can state that they
were in the habit of getting boys, who carry mel-
ons about here, to save the seeds and biingthem
into the Patent Oflici, nnd they would say they
were from China, or Japan, or somewhere else,
and distribute them, ami the lesult was that, in-
stead of their bringing forth a fine melon, there
was a sort of mtxtuie, ciimn, watermelon, musk-
melon, and cucumbeis, a worthless sort of mon-
grel. Now, to show that this whole thing is wrong,
I wish to state what this money is asked for by
the Department itself. I read fiom the estimates
of the Agricultural Dopai tment:
For the salary of the Commissioner $3,000
For 1 lie; ^alaiy <>1 tin* chief elerk       2,000
For the salaiy of tin- chcmi-t  2,300
Fot the *alaiy ot the (h-biUMi)^ ebnk, who shall be
of the fouith ('lav, ami icceive the <aine compen-
sation allowed ofhei <li>bur-ani  eleik*, See 
For the >.ilary of one fom t h < la>> elei k 
For the sihuy ot thicc thud class eleiks on statistics,
and Mich othci dnuo-> a* may fi oih time to iime be
asMinicd them bv the Coimniy-ionei 
Foi ihe *.daiy of tlix'e second eia^ eleik^  
For the s.iiaiy of live 111 < lass cleik-.   
Foi the salary oi one botanist ..    
For tiie s.ilaiv ofour entomolo^iM   
For the >.it«tty of one labonn lot the hiboiafoiy .....
For the salaiy ol one Mvond cln>-< derk who-dial!
be skilled in nniiuiltui.il cheimt-tiv, &c 
1,800
1,800
4.S00
4/-200
6,000
1 ,f 00
i.GOO
'300
1,400
be better skilled m promptly
I prextinie he w
receiving his pay.
Foi the salary of one nan-.|aioi $1.4200
For the salaiy of one libiai i.ui   I,<100
Foi the saLuv of one ehief me^engci  810
For the sal.uy of one a-si.-tant mo-sonjzci  300
For the sal.uy of two l.ibouus tor lull-, and other
duties  72Q
Foi the salary of two watchmen  1/JOO
I like that idea, because, heretofore, more than
one half of the seeds have been distributed to the
people m this District and its surroundings. I
think they ought to be watched, to sec that the
agi icultural regions Weht get their shate.
For the pun ha-i; of .ippai.itus for the labuiatory. &c. :$ 1.000
For the pmchase ol rbemieaN, mechanical woik
lelatniH to expeinnents. See   1,500
For the purchase ol hooks lor the a^iieultinal li-
brary, and amtcultural and other pap<>t>  0,oG0
We arc appi opnating money here evci y day for
books and priming. The list of items goes on
until it amounts to S6~,680 for salaries.
Air. FESSENDEN. More than half of the
whole appropriation asked for.
jj Mr. RICE. That is not all. Hcie is another
| little item:
| [ If the (Jon jies' ioii.il or botanic jianl'-n and the grounds ad-
' joniimi the r-mith -oman I u-million are phi^-d under the
|| Depnitmrnt of A«iirnlim<\ an ndduiotni appropuation to
(j conduct the s>ar.u will be inquired of say $10,000.
jj Making over eighty thousand dollars for sal-
s' niies. Now, what is left for seeds? Here are
jl other items for stationery, boxes, seed-bags, and
\\ panels; and it will leave, I think, out of the ap-
|| propruuion of §131,000, peihaps fifteen or twenty
ll thousand dollars to purchase seeds. Well, what
will they purchase? Not one tenth of the seeds
purchased and distributed have been worth adime.
On the contrary, in a great many instances they
have been worse than useless. They have been
injurious, because the farmers have expended
their time in planting and in raising, and when
the fruit was brought forth it was found to be
anything but good.
There is another great evil about this. There
are persons engaged in purchasing seeds for sale,
and they depend for their success upon the qual-
ity of the seeds that they purchase. We have
ruined that class of people by this operation. I
look upon the thing as one great, grand agricul-
tural humbug, and I would vote to-day for abol-
ishing the entire system. According to the esti-
mates they have sent m here, their own report,
all there is of it is to get money to employ people
to do nothing for the good of the country. They
show it by their own statement.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I suppose
it is in order to amend the original section, which
the committee propose to strike out, by way of
perfecting it, before we proceed to vote upon the
amendment of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to amend the ori-
ginal section for the purpose of perfecting it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to the Senator
whether he wants to propose an amendment to
the amendment of the Committee on Finance. If
not, if that fails he can afterwards move an
amendment to the original section.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee will agree to the amendment I
piopose, as an amendment to the amendment of
the committee, I will not offer it to the original
section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It shall object to it on one
as much as on the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in order
to amend the words proposed to be stricken out,
and then in order to amend the words proposed
to be inserted before that question is put.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move to amend the
amendment pioposcd by the committee by add-
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator cannot do
that until the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
has been disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the amendment pioposcd by the Senator
from Iowa to the amendment of the committer.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not think
that the argument, if it might be called an argu-
ment, which I attempted to use in favor of sus-
taining this Agricultural Department, was cor-
rectly conceived by the honorable Senator from
Maine. I did not intend to say that because we
were at war and made heavy appropriations for
the Army and Navy, theiefore we should make
appropriations to this A^i icultural Depai tment.
My aigument was that when gentlemen were so
vigilant about the appt opt iafion of public money
as the honorable Senator from Maine is, and as is
very commendable, in him, for which I honor him,
if their Mgilance had extended to the effect of
preventing impositions in the sale of ships to the
Government, more than twice as much as isasked
for this Agricultural Department might have been
saved m a single transaction of that kind.
I remarked, furthermore, that this was a peace
interest, and the others aie matters appertaining
to wai, I admit, of the most indispensable neces-
sity. I attempted to say that while gentlemen
were so willing to vote the immense necessary
sums for the purpose of maintaining our war with
the rebels, it seemed to me that if they were a lit-
tle more regardful in relation to peace interests,
and a little more liberal m sustaining peace inter-
ests by voting the small sum that was asked, or
that was intended to be asked, by the Senator
from Iowa, as he g;ave notice, to sustain the agri-
cultural interests of the country, it would be quite
as well. I admit the full foice of the argument
made by the Senator from l<nva and the .Senator
from Vermont, that because ourcountry is in war,
it is an additional leason of great cogency why
the agricultural interest should be fostered and
encouraged and further developed.
As these Senators argued correctly, it is at the
basis of our whole social organization, and the
prosperity of every other class of the community
is based ultimately upon that of the agriculturists.
