648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januar}7 31,
important; butalthough that is the case,believing
as I do that the vast agricultural regions of this
country, and especially of the West, require of
us an appropriation of this character, I shall most
cheerfully vote for the sum specified in the bill as
it comes from the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. When I heard the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] the other day, make
an average of the time that belonged to every Sen-
ator during the remainder of this session, and I
found that it was only two hours apiece, I determ-
ined that I would use my two hours not upon
any trifling matter. I find, however, that a ma-
jority of the Senate arc not disposed to make that
equation. I think that my friend from Kentucky
(Mr. Davis] gives visible manifestation that he
looks upon such an equation as that as all non-
sense, and therefore I will use a hulo, not much,
of my two hours on this subject.
It is said that when Bonaparte was at the height
of his power in France, he met, at one of his pre-
sentations, a company of manufactuiers of some
class or other, I do not remember what, and said
to them, "gentlemen, what can I do for you?"
" Let us alone*, that is all we want." Well, sir,
I believe to-day that if the farming interest of
this country could speak to Congress, they would
say, " let us alone, for God's sake; you have taken
manufactures and brought that interest into the
whirlpool of politics, until you bankrupted every-
body that was conccrncd in it by alternation, some-
times one way, and sometimes another. Let us
alone; if you will, wo will take care of ourselves
and take care of you." That I believe to be the
common sense of nineteen twentieths of the prac-
tical farmers of the country to-day. They want
to be let alone; they arc as afraid of Congress as
they are of a pestilence, and they want anything
else but our aid.
Now, sir, there is a great deal of talk about
this matter. It is said that it is for the benefit of
agriculture that we are to have a ft chemist, bot-
anist, entomologist, ornithologist, and other per-
sons skilled in the natural sciences." What will
that do for agriculture ? Aboutas much as eating
roast turkey and mince pie on Christmas day does
for the Christian religion—not a mite mom. If
these are to be a part of the means by which ag-
riculture is to be benefited by having here a chem-
ist, a botanist, an entomologist, and an ornithol-
ogist, 1 say—and I du not say it for the purpose
of making fun of the matter—you want an ichthy-
ologist. That is a subject which has attracted
much attention ; it is a practical matter. The cul-
tivation of fish, the science of raising fish is be-
coming a matter of very serious importance in
some parts of the country, and we ought to have
an ichthyologist, too.
Then, sir, there is another department of agri-
culture. I do not know that I can give the Greek
of that, and so I will put it in English: w .- want
a dairyologist, somebody to .superintend the man-
ufacture of cheese and butter—an important agri-
cultural interest, vastly more so than entomology
or ornithology. Then, sir, you want afanier,a
man that understands the horse. I remember that
years ago, when Governor Brooks was Governor
of Massachusetts, and he was going down to what
was*ften one of theprovinc.es ot Massachusetts,
Maine, he stopped ft) New Hampshire, and one
of the horses with which he was traveling gave
oat. lie had to have him shod. There happened
to be living in that nei^hbothood, some half a
dozen miles from where he was, a celebiated far-
rier. The Governor hoard of him, and he went
some six miles out of his way to that skijiful far-
rier, to see that he trusted his horse to no vulgar
and inexperienced hand. That man had a repu-
tation from that day, and his descendants have it
now, that they are the sons of the blacksmith that
shod Governor Brooks's horse. Well, sir, we
want one in this department. I am not certain
that this provision does not apply to it, for it is
" other persons skilled m the natural sciences," !
without any limitation or restriction. Itis spread j
out over the whole ground, and this appropiia- '
lion is not only for J hose I have indicated but for
" other persons skilled in the natural sciences. "
Sir, i will not be a whit behind the Senator
from Connecticut in my devotion to the farming
interests. I have no great professions to make,
i think I understand the farmers and they under-
stand me; but I believe, in conclusion, as X began,
that tiijs is not for the farmers. It is not what
they want; and if vve are to extend it to them, I
believe we can do vastly better and do more good
by giving what aid we have to give to the Na-
tional Agricultural Society, and to the State agri-
cultural societies, and to agricultural colleges,
instead of building up a Department here. I am
not opposed to what we have done. I am willing
that the appropriation for seeds, to the full extent
that it has ever been made,shall continue; but if
I understand the Senator from Minnesota, the
more money we give, the less seeds we get, and
the Department are not now distributing so much
as they used to do before they had the present
sum. I am willing to continue to them this year
what they had last, and shall bo content if we
get what we had before.
But if the case is as stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Minnesota, and some $60,000 out of this
$130,000 is to be expended in paying for salaries
to professors ©f ichthyology, &c.,here at Wash-
ington—is to be paid for these professors—I think
that what we do for agriculture will be "all in your
eye," and it will be nothing at all. I think this
is an inappropriate time to make such appropria-
tions. Gentlemen excuse themselves for voting for
this because they say we are voting such immense
appropriations elsewhere; and the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, who is usually sound in his
logic as well as vehement in his eloquence, argues
that, because we suffer ourselves to be swindled in
the purchase of ships, we ought not to withhold
small sums from this Agricultural Department.
Such a system of reasoning as that would bank-
rupt the Treasury; it would bankrupt the world,
if we have been swindled in one Department, we
should lay a more close and more economical su-
pervision upon all the rest; and if, because we are'
spending largely and indefinitely, we arc to look
to none of these small appropriations, I say, sir,
we have fallen on evil times, and evil counsels
have prevailed in regard to our Treasury and m
regard to our economy.
1 do not want to make any professions of friend-
ship to farmers. I believe they understand this
matter; and I believe that not one in a hundred
will thank you for any left-handed compliment
that you pay them by pretending to do something
for the benefit of iarmers by voting money which
is expended in paying fat salaries to professors of
these ologies that are to be here in the city of
Washington. For this reason I shall follow the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILKINSON. When the bill establish-
ing a separate Depaitmont of Agriculture was be-
fore the Senate at the last session I supported it.
It was then urged by those who opposed it that
it would be followed by a large increase of appro-
priations, and that the attempt would be made at
the next session thereafter to make a gigantic
concern of it. The friends of the bill which was
then before the Senate repudiated that idea, and 1
among the rest said that it would not necessarily
increase the expenses of the Government. Now,
sir, while this war goes on, 1 propose to stick to
my word. I propose upon this measure to vote
in accordance with what I then said. 1 do not now
believe that it is wise or proper to double the ex-
penses of this office, particularly while the pres-
ent superintendent is at the head of it. 1 do not
believe that he is competent to take charge of
such an establishment as the House bill provides
for. I shall theieforc support the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, which, 1 believe,
gives $5,000 moie than has been ordinarily ap-
propriated for the benefit of the Agricultural De-
partment. I do not believe that the faimers of this
country would favor the expenditure of over
$60,000 for the payment of officers in this De-
partment. I know the agricultural interest is in
favor of carrying on this war and preserving the
Government, and therefore 1 think it is not in
favor of so Jarsre an appropriation for this purpose.
Mr. POWELL, £ am in favor of making the
appropriation proposed by the House bill for the
Agricultural Bureau. I have listened attentively
to the gentlemen who have assailed the Agricul-
tural Bureau, and I must confess, with great def-
erence to their extended intelligence upon agricul-
tural and other matters, that 1 have not heard any
reason which to my mind is valid against that
appropriation. It is well known to the country
that the agricultural interest pays, perhaps, nine
tenths of the taxes that support this Government;
it is, in a word, the great interest of the people;
and yet, so far, I know of but very little legisla-
tion calculated to promote that great and most vital
interest of the people. The amount that is asked,
§130,000, is really contemptible.
Gentlemen have chosen to speak about the
various ologies mentioned in the bill. Sir, every
intelligent, practical agriculturist throughout the
land knows that perhaps agricultural chemistry
has done more than anything else to develop this
great interest; and if this amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance shall prevail, it will destroy the
small chemical department now attached to the
bureau. I do not believe you can make any ap-
propriation of money of the same extent that will
more redound to the interests of the people of this
country in every branch of its industry than this
for agriculture. The essays that are written, the
experiments that are made,the intelligence that will
be collected and disseminated broadcast among
the people, will be a fund of intelligence that will
give an impetus to this great interest, and will in-
directly redound to the benefit of every other in-
terest of the people. It is agriculture that causes
your looms to ply more vigorously. It is that
which gives energy to the sails of your ships.
But for the products of the soil, not only your
manufactures but your shipping interest would
languish and perish. It is, indeed, the parent of nil
other interests; but while we are lavishing mil-
lions upon millions upon every other interest, this
is utterly neglected. We do notpropose to appro-
priate for this interest for one year as much money
as you spend in three hours this day in carrying
on the expenses of the Government.
The Senator from New Hampshire, with his
usual wit and humor, has attempted to ridicule
this proposition, and thus to drive it out of the
Senate. He says that the farming interest would
pray God that they might be let alone. I dare
say they would. 1 can tell the Senator that in
the great West, from which I come, they do pray
God that Congress may let them alone in some
respects. They pray God that Congress would
never impose on them the payment of $500,000
for fishing bounties, nine tenths of which goes to
New England. They pray God that they may
be relieved from a tariff which particularly ben-
efits the gentleman's region of the country, and
that causes them this day perhaps to pay twenty
per cent, more on all the various things they buy
for their ordinary consumption. I have no doubt
that they have often prayed God to be relieved
from on act of Congress that gives to the shipping
interest of the country bounties and bonuses, all
of which come out of this great laboring interest,
the farmers. If their prayers could be heard to-
day, sir, they would most devoutly pray God to
be relieved from these oppressions, for they pay
nine tenths of this tribute to favored classes in tho
way of bounties and other things. They do not
come here and crowd the Senate Chamber by theic*
committees. They represent the great interest
of the people that is diffused; but the manufac-
turing, the shipping interest, the codfish interest,
and all that kind of thing, is concentrated capital*,
it enters the lists; it comcs into these Ilalls with
committees, and the contest comes up between
capital concentrated and labor diffused, and thus
it is that those who arc constantly applying here
representing thesti classes have their piivilegcd
special legislation, which taxes the farmers mil*
lions on millions annually, and takes that much
from their hard earnings. But because they do
not come here and complain of these things, the
gentleman says they pray God that you will let
them alone. I can tell the Senator that they will
never pray God to prevent Congress from allow-
ing this smallest of pittances to go for the promo-
tion of their interest; but they would pray God,
and I have no doubt they are devoutly piaying
him now daily, to relieve them from the oppres-
sions which the class legislation that I have al-
luded to has imposed upon them. I do hope that
the amendment of the" Senator from Iowa will
prevail; and then I trust the appropriation will
be allowed to remain in the bill as it came to u*
from the House of Representatives.
REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to iotcnupt thia
bill for a moment to make a privileged motion.
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 561) in relation to commis-
