1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
fact, I will be glad to be corrected; otherwise, I
prefer riot to be interrupted.
Mr. CONWAY. I do not propose to contra-
dict the gentleman *s statement, as I cannot do so; 1
merely desired to explain the facts.
Mr. PENDLETON. That explanation may
very well be made afterwards. The gentleman
will not consider it discourtesy, for I have no in-
tention to be discourteous, if I decline to yield. He
will excuse me for the present.
Nor is it entirely certain that the exigencies of
the country require a resort to measures of this
land. A contrary opinion has been very gravely
expressed. During this session, not longer ago
than the early part of December, the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] offered a resolution
in these words:
Resolved, That at no time sim-o tlie commencement of
the fxistiiiii rebellion have the toiccs and manuals in the
haiuls ot the executive clcpai uncut of the Govei mnent been
so ample and abundant I'm the -prcdy and triumphant term-
ination of the war as at the present moment"
Fot this resolution every leading member of the
Republican party voted—in fact every member of
that party who was present—and none more
eagerly and with more emphasis than those who
now most zealously press this bill. Have circum-
stances so greatly changed? Have those forces
and materials been so greatly and so speedily
diminished; or has the desire to pass this bill made
gentlemen change their opinion ? Perhaps I might
find an answer in the speech made yesteiday by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick.]
1 pass now, Mr. Speaker, to another branch of
this subject. Gentlemen who have urged tlu?
adoption* of those bills because the mihm y necos-
fiities of the conn ti y lequire it, unless I am greatly
mistaken, hove failed to tell us how they pro-
pose to organize this body of negro troops. Do
they propose to constitute of them a sepai ate and
independent army, which shall operate independ-
ently of all the other corps in any department
of the country? I can haidly think they would
consider thot either practicable or wise. Do they
intend to organize them in divisions or brigades
or regiments or companies, and have them com-
bined with the white soldiers who are aheady or-
ganized in this way? Do they propose to have
them fight together in the war in winch the coun-
try is engaged ? If so, they will meet in the
trenches;"they will commingle on the bnttle-fiehl;
they will stand side by side m the assault. Then-
dead bodies will fall bide by side in the batfie, and J
be placed peacefully together in the same giave. j
And how, when thoy are placed thus togetherm ;
moments of danger, can they be kept separate at
the camp fire and the mess table? If that asso-
ciation is permitted, you know well enough the
temper of the Army to be assured that it will thin
out the ranks of white soldiers. They will not
submit to association of this kind. It it is not
permitted, if these black tioopsare to stand on art
equality with the white tioops j?i the battle-field
and at every point of danger, and in all the other
relations of a soldier's life, and at every othei mo-
ment they are to be marked by a degrading and
ignominious isolation, how long will you bo able
to maintain discipline and order in your Aimy—
I do not say, contentment and zeal and alacrity
among these troops?
And what do yon propose to do with these black
soldiers after ttiey shall have returned from the
battle-field r Gentlemen have told us that these
enlistments are found necessiu y in oidcr that the
Army of the United States may be made suffi-
ciently strong to accomplish the work it h^s to do.
They tell us we aie in the very cusis of the war.
They tell us that now is the time to put forth our
whole power, or else the result of the struggle is
in doubt. They tell us that the white raceaione,
so far as its strength has yet been developed, is
not entirely onipetont to render to the ^ause of
the Union and the Constitution an assured victory.
And they tell us that these coioicd men are ready
with their strong arms and their brave heaita to
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and
to defend the integrity of the Union which in our
hands to-day is imperiled.
What is that Constitution? It provides that
every child of the Republic, every citizen of the
land, is before the law the equal of every other.
It piovides lor all of them trial by jury, free
speech, free pass, entire protection for life and
liberty end property.
It goes further. It secures to every citizen the
right of suffrage, the right to hold office, the right
to aspire to cveiy office or agency by which the
Government is carried on. Every man called
upon to do military duty, every man required to
take up arms in its defense, is by its provisions
entitled to vote, and acompetentaspirant for every
office in the Government. You now say to these
black men, come to the defense of this Constitu-
tion. Come, aid us to maintain its supremacy.
Come, aid us to uphold a Government which is
thus beneficent to all its children. Suppose your
utmost hopes are realized; suppose they come, and
that by their aid you arc successful. They will
come back with your Mctorious hosts, following
the banner of the Republic, battle-worn and'
maimed and scarred. What will you do with
them? Will you consign them again to political
inferiority, to social isolation? Will you again
deny to them those privileges which are guaran-
tied to eveiy citizen by the Constitution whifch
they have helped you to maintain ? Or will you
take them to a political and social equality with
yourselves? Will you give them the right of
suffrage; the right to hold office? Will you put
them side by side with the white citizens of the
land ?
I put it to my friend from Ohio who has just
taken his seat, [Mr. Trimble,] who told us that
in every relation and in every condition of life he
believed the negro was inferior to the white man.
I put it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
sits before me, [Mr. McPherson,] as one of the
zealous advocates of this bill; I put it to those
gentlemen whether, afterhaving called upon these
negroes, as citizens and loyal friends, in the hour
of their extremity, to maintain this Constitution,
it is their intention again to consign them to social
inequality and political dogiadation, or to elevate
them to the level of th*4 condition of the white cit-
izens? I get no answer to this question.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedg-
wick,] yesterday, with moie fumkness than any
gentleman who has spoken upon this subject,
has given to us what I cannot help thinking
is, with many of his friends, the true motive
for insisting upon the passage of this bill. He
said:
'•And vet tlico thins* hnvft been yielded to as accom-
plished C\ct>, and m.wiII it be with thi> proclamation,even
though it had not the sanction of constitutional authority,
when onrc jou put this hill intoptactical operation; lor no
community of ncrux'* who have once had arms ill their
hand-> can a sr.tin he «-uh|Mgated to the lestramt^ otslaveiy.
Ui-toiv tin ni&iie^ no Midi example. The aiming of the
blavc population i- the end <>l the in-utution lor all time,
and no 1"-^ the end of this icbellion.
•'I tail; not about the CoiMit'itiou. Tt has heeome, in
the hands, ot the tuiud Uwjms and tin>e-?=ct vins politician-,
a shield between the Government and the, pei>on* and the
estates of the rebels ' To such base u^es lias it come at
last ; It I-" continually fiiwiauri" the cfl'urts of this> Gov-
ernment to put down thlis rebellion ,J
Is that the inspiration of this bill? Is that the
motive for these persistent efforts? Was it be-
cause " the arming ofa slave population is the end
of the institution for all time," that we were re-
quired to pass this bill on Wednesday moinmg
without discussion or examination ? Was it be-
cause: the paity was unwilling to declare what the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sedgwick | has
so frankly avowed, that a minority on this floor,
feeble in numbers, were obliged to resort to every
expedient of parhameutaiy warfare during the
whole of Wednesday night in order that we might
have this much of debate? Did thoy hesitate to
tell the countiy that " no community of negroes
who have once had arms in their hands can again
be subjugated to the restraints of slavery," and
that this consideration constituted a chief reason
for passing this bill? But i question the accuracy
with which the gentleman states theh'ssons of
history. Greece and Rome both furnish the ref-
utation of his theoty. The Helots, the slaves of
Sparta, revolted egainst their masters, and were
reduced to subjection. The servile warsof Rome,
scant as is our knowledge of them, show that the
possession of arms does not always secure the
liberty of the subject race. Armed sla-ves in
rebellion, in possession of their masters' homes
and families, have been brought to obedience, not
by the use of arms, but of the scourge.
The gentleman was but following in the foot-
steps of that forerunner of his party to whom I
have just alluded. More than a month ago, in
the discussion of the bill for the admission of
West Virginia, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] said:
c< I say, then, that wc may admit West Virginia as a new
State, not by virtue of any pi omsionof the Constitution, but
under our absolute pmvei which the laws of war give us in
i the circumstances m winch we arc placed. I shall vote for
this bill upon that theory, and upon that theory alonej for
I will not stultify myself by supposing that we have anywar
rant in the Constitution for this proceeding.
11 This talk of restoring the Union as it was under the Con
stitution as it is, is one of the absurdities that I have heardre
peated until J am about sick of it. The®Union can-never
be lestored as it was. Theie are many things which rendei
such an event impossible. The Union shall never with my
consent be restored under the Constitution as it is, with sla-
very to be protected by it,"
Mr. Speaker, has it ever occurred to these gen
tlemen to inquire why it is that within the range
of fifty miles of this Capitol reverse after reverse
hag followed upon the movements of the Army ?
Why it is that within the circle that surrounds
(his city there can be no success? Is it because
there arc not men enough? Isitbecause there are
not munitions of war enough ? Is it because the
confederate army is better supplied with all those
appliances by which science and civilization add „
to the strength of numbers? No gentleman will
say that.
Why is it that the paper money of the Govern-
ment in the market of New York to-day is worth
,|hut sixty centson thedollar; and thatyourbonds
cannot be sold at any reasonable price ? It is be-
cause the suspicion has entered the minds of the
Army within the influence of the city of Wash-
ington, and has entered the minds of the people#
all over the country, that the Administration sym-
pathizes with its leaders upon this floor, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,]
and that " it is tiied of this talk of maintaining
the Union as it was and the Constitution as it is."
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to me
for n moment>
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 will directly; not now.
Mr. DAWES. I desired to ask the gentleman
a question just in this connection.
Mr. PENDLETON. Gentlemen around me
desire to hear tlie question, and 1 therefore yield.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish to ask thegentleman from
Ohio what was t he spell that was upon our army of
more than two hundred and thirty thousand men
who, being around this city for forty days under
the command of the gentleman's favorite military
leader, were not moved at all cxccpt upon the per-
emptory order of the Commander-in-Chief of the
A nn y ? .
! Mr. PENDLETON. It was the spell of which
' I have been speaking. It was the spell which em-
anates from this Capitol and from the other end
of the avenue, the spell ol those influences which
are created, controlled, and cxeited by the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. DAWES. One question further. I have
understood the gentleman to say, over and over
again, that some new change had come over us;
that we did cariy on this war for the restoration
of tin- Union and the Constitution; that we had
unanimously come here and pledged ourselves by
our votes to carry on the war for that purpose, and
l that it was in consequence of the change ui this
! respect that our reverses have occurred.
I Mr. PENDLETON. 1 think the gentleman
i will have to search the records along time before
i he finds that I ever said any such thing. I cer-
I tainly never believed it. I could see nohonest pur-
I pose to restore the Union, to reinvigorate the Con-
i stitution, by means of war, in a parly which had
I refused the least concession of party platform, or
; the smallest sacrifice of party pride, to maintain
I them both unimpaired and in peace.
Mr. DAWES. Can the gentleman point to
any obstacle in the way of that army but the
quaker guns? Can ho tell ma why that army of
two or three hundred thousand men remained idle
' for many months, eating out the substance of the
j country, and never moved until required to move
i by the Commander-in-Chief?
j Mr. PENDLETON. I tell you, one obstacle
i was tiie mah^n influences which emanate from this
I city. Another obstacle was the continued, per-
j sistent, unwise interference with wc-U-considercd
military plans, bv men whose ignorance of mili-
i tury matters is only equaled by their presump-
i tion and audacity The general to whom you have
i alluded led his armies in triumph in Western Vir-
i ginia. He was stopped by no qnaker guns until
