654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
he came within the charmed circle wh ich surrounds
Washington. The armiesof the West meet with
no obstacles of that kind.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. CALVERT. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman from Mary-
land got enough ?
Mr. CALVERT. No, but I think you have,
and I do not want to hear any more.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will not wander so far
from the line of remark which I was pursuing as
to discuss the subject suggested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. Very much might he said
upon it. Without becoming the special advocate,
as I am not, or the eulogist, as I am not, of any man
connected with the conduct of the war, 1 might,
ask the gentleman whether it was not better to iie
thus idle in Washington for many weeks, than
to fight that thuty days' campaign in Virginia?
Whether it was not better to pause in the face of
quakcr guns at Manassas than to cross the Rap-
pahannock, and after two days of disaster and
slaughter and defeat to be compelled to fall back
before the enemy to the iutrenchments which had
been left? I might suggest that the campaign in
Maryland will compare well with any other of
equal length dming the war.
• Air. DAWES. I will answer the gentleman,
if he will yield to me. «
Mr. CALVERT. I object.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker,when I was
interrupted by the gentleman from Massachusetts
*1 was asking why it was that reverses had con-
tinued almost without interruption within the
limits of thus circle around Washington ; why the
credit of this Government is so weak; why Hs
legal tender notes and its promises to pay arc so
much below par in the city of New York ? Is it
because there is not in the States remaining stead-
fast to the Union ability to pay the debt which has
been incurred J Is itbecause theirgigantiostrength
trembles already under this load ? is it because we
have not the resources in our soil and in the haidy
viitursof our people to maintain, oven yet, the
credit of this Government? No, sir; it is because
of the profound impression on the public mind,
wliie.h, hem within tlx1 limits of the city of Wash-
ington, or lather with in the limits of the conn try
around it, extend-? to the Army, that the Admin-
istration participates in the sentiment of the gen-
tleman fmm Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevuns] that ''
he will never consent lo the restoration of the Union
under the Constitution us it is. !
Sir, it, is this whieh produces profound discon-
tent tlnoughout (he whole cottmiy. It is ihis .
whi< h has caused i esistance to the draft. 11 is tins 1
which has prevented volunteers fiom Hooking to ,
your stand, u ds. It i-, this, sir, which to-day pro- i
duces that cry tor peaeo which rises from every 1
section of tin-conn 11 y. Sir, I represent upon tins 1
floor a city whieh is devoted to the preservation ;
of this Union; a city \v hose affections .ire bound !
up m the memories of its past, and in the antici- ,
pations of its Inline; a city whose material in- ■
terests would hear their death knell m the woid !
whieh speak s a sepat ation of the slavehokhng and :
non-slave,holding States; a city bound to the peo- j
pie of the gieat Northwest by every tie of interest 1
and sympathy ami affection; whose heart throbs
with their heart, and beats responsive to all their
hopes and feats; and 1 should be false to every
duty as its representative here; false to you, my
fellow Representatives, if I did not tell you that i
there is an impression growing with great lapid- !
ny upon the mind ot the people of the Northwest ,
that they have been deliberately deceived into this I
war; that then patriotism and then loveofcoun- '
try have been en^gi d to call them into the Army 1
under the pretense that the war was to be for the
Union and the Constitution, when, in fact, it was
to be an aimed crusade for thcabohtion ofslaveiy.
I tell you, sir, that unless ihts impression is speed-
ily artesfed it will become universal; it will ripen
into conviction, and tin n it will be beyond your
power to get fioni their broad plains another man,
or from ihcir almost exhausted coffers another
dollar.
1 know that gentlemen will say that this is svm- '
parity with secession; that these sentiments can- >
not be entertained by loyal men. Cxenlletnen, hug '
not to yourselves that delusion until it is too late
to save the Republic—until it is too late to mam- „
Lain the integrity of this XJmon, which, with the ■
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thomas,] ;
I love with all my heart, and of which I hope to
die a citizen. You may carry your present policy
so far that either retreat or safety will be beyond
your power.
Sir, 1 have been in favor of pcace from the be-
ginning of this sectional controversy. I have been
in favor of peace because I have been heartily,
steadfastly, unwaveringly for the Union. 1 heard
Air. Douglas proclaim that war is disunion, final,
irrevocable. 1 believed it. I said two years ago
on this floor that " armies, money, war, cannot
maintain this Union; justice, reason, peace, may
I believed it then; I have believed it at every mo-
ment since; I believe it now. No event of the past
two years has for a moment shaken my faith.
*Peace is the first step to union. Peace is union.
Peace unbroken would have pi pserved it; peace re-
stored will, [ hope, in some time, reconstruct it.
The only bonds winch can hold these States in con-
federation, the only ties which can make us one
people, are the soft and silken cords of affection
and interest. These are woven in peace, not war;
in conciliation not coercion; in deeds ot kindness
and acts of friendly sympathy, not in deeds of
violence and blood. The people of the Northwest
were carried away by the excitement of April
and A'lay. They believed that war would restore
the Union. They trusted to the assurances of
the President and his Cabinet, and of Congress,
that it should be. cat ried on for that purpose alone.
They trusted that it would be earned on under
the Constitution. They weie patriotic, and con-
fiding. They sent their sons and brothers and
husba mis to the Army, and pom ed out their tieas-
uies at the feet of the Ad nun isti at ion. They feel
that the war has been perveited fiom this end;
that the Constitution has been di.-n egarded; that
abolition and arbitrary power, not Union and con-
stitutional libei ty, are the governing ideas of the
Administration. They are in notempcrto be trifled
with. They think they have been deceived. They
are sufferingfi om the death of relatives and friends.
They are longing foi peace. There is danger of
ievolution. There is danger that they may see no
extrication from present difficulties but in separa-
tion. 1 wain you of it now; 1 wain you in tune.
If you would av oid if you must rtverse this whole
policy ; you must return instantly and pursue stead-
fastly the principles you piofessed in the begin-
ning. Yon must add to them a faithful observance
of the Constitution; a sacred respect for the per-
sonal rights of the citizen; an absolute refusal to
usurp power underany pretense whatsoever. You
must manifest your purpose to maintain in all
then integrity the States of the Union. You
must mvite back within the bonds of the Federal
Union, with every light untouched, with evoiy
social institution unimpaired, except, indeed, by
th" mere ravages of war, those States which have
left us.
This bill is inconsistent with such a purpose.
It will, if passed and carried out, render union
impossible. It may, if your highest hopes are
leahzed, maintain tin1 integrity of your ten ilory,
but the union of your States will be gone foi ever.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Trimble] s.ud that
of all things u was most de.suable that we shotild
have unity in our counsels. You cannot have
unify while you press nieasuies like these. Co-
operation with you is, in my judgment, treason
to the country. Before you ask for unit}', return
to your avowed purpose and policy in carrying
on the war.
A AIcmbiui. Return to the observance of the
Ci Ktendeij resolutions.
Mr. PENDLETON. Gentlemen upon whose
testimony we ought to lely tell us that this bill
will fuse into unity against you every man iu the
slaveholding Staffs. It will disorganize and dis-
integrate, the public sentiment ot the Noith, that
s"i)fiment which seemed only eighteen months
ago to be sii unanimously with you. Unity of
counsel ! Why, gentlemen, upon this policy vou
can not unite Representatives upon this lloor. You
cannot unite the loyal men of the North; you can-
not unite the conservative element of the public
mind of the North; you cannot unite even the
ultia war men of the Noi th; you cannot unite the
A r m y.
i cannot vote for this bill, or for any of the
substitute's. 3 cannot vote for them amend them
as you will. So long as they propose to arm the
negroes, and call them into the military service,
they cannot have my support.
I believe this bill will, if passed and made effect-
ive, produce revolution in all the bolder slave-
holding States. I believe it will disband our white
Army. I believe it will alienate, and pei haps for-
ever destroy, whatever affection this Administra-
tion has permitted still to cling around our Fed-
eral Government. I believe it will render Union
impossible—that Union which our fathers made,
within whose protecting power we all are safe:
outside of which all is experiment and danger
and uncertainty. 1 believe it will tend to subvert
and forever to overthrow that Constitution which
it is my sworn duty, as well as niy highest hope,
to maintain and uphold and protect. For theso
reasons, Mr. Speaker, I cannot vote foi this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, 1 had intended to
take, no part in the discussion of the bill which has
occupied the attention of the House and country.
I felt I should be satisfied to listen to others, and,
when called upon to act, to record my vote. But
the discussion has taken such direction; the action
of the House has been so extraordinary; the points
contested by the opposition, and yielded by the
fnends of the measure, have been such, that t felt
I could not give my vote foi the bill, as amended,
without asking the indulgence of the llouse in such
remarks as may seem necessary to explain the dif-
ficulty I find i u sustaining the measure before us. I
mean to speak very honestly my own convictions,
but with decent regard for theieelings of others,
however little 1 may allow their opinions to tram-
mel mine. I would not have anything 1 may utter
prove an embarrassment to any. In i he new meas-
ures and policies which the exigencies of the times
force upon our attention, I would speak for myself
alone. Fealty to party shall not swei\e me fiom
a sworn duty as a Representative; no allegiance to
State shall stand before duty to my country. As a
loyal citizen, knowing or ackno wh-dgmg no condi-
tions m rny heart-offeringson her altar,uiy position
in regard to this war and the enemies of my coun-
try is simple and easily defined.
Whatever difference I may have recognized
between Republican and Democrat, or the ends
and remnants of bygone paities, before the fire
on Surriter had closed aigument between the
North and South, after that act of war had fairly
unsheathed the sword I recognized but two par-
ties to the contest, Americans and traitors; loyal
brothers and enemies. As the war waxed old, the
battles lost and won, sieges laid and raised, cities
captured and laid under contribution, ships cap-
tured, scuttled, and burned, flags and trophies of
war paraded on both sides, the cuppled heroes
recounting brave deeds who " shouldered the
crutch to show how fields were wonall tended
to enlist the hearts of the people m the struggle
befoi e them, until this nation became a camp, and
our industries ail tended to supply the million
men who had rushed to the call of their country
to ti y conclusions with thisgiant rebellion. Grad-
ually a new spirit giew out of tins, a contest for
military ixupei ioi ity; each pai t y h-ai tied that they
had underiated the other m detei mutation, cour-
age, and resources, .and ue have now leached that
pomt when the mihtai y supenonty of the one
over the other must be assei ted, maintained, and
demonstrated. Hide it as you may, avoid it as
you will, patch up armistice, sham truce, or hol-
low peace, or stave it off for a season, this point
must be eventually settled, and no lasting peace
can he secured until the military power, the or-
ganized government of one or the othei parties to
this contest is overthrown and destioyed. We
must break the power of the rebellion mid subju-
gate the seceded States, or the government of the
confederate States of America will, as they as-
seit. subjugate us. It is inched a life and death
struggle. Such, it seems, is the question before
us, very simple, easily undeistood, and so little
complicated that all can comprehend the condi-
tions.
Our country undivided is my motto. I am op-
posed to any peace between the two parties which
may recognize the severance of the Union. One
country, one destiny for the American people; and
long as the war may be necessai v to carry the
old stariy flag over every lood ofoui inheritance
to assert the authority of the Constitution, and e'n-
force the laws enacted under its sanction overall
the inhabitants thereof, so long shnll 1 exert my
poor abilities to carry on the war. 1 mean to die
a citizen of the United States of America, and I
pray that my children may live citizens or sub-
