APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December I,
3 fan Cosg....3D SESS.
Message of the. President.
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
results at home and in foreign countries—results
which cannot fail to be auspicious.
The condition of the finances will claim your
most diligent consideration. The vast expendi-
tures incident to the military and naval operations
required for the suppression of the rebellion, have
hitherto been met with a promptitude and cer-
tainty unusual in similar circumstances; and the
public credit has been fully maintained. The
continuance of the war, however, and the in-
creased disbursements made necessary by the
augmented forces now in the field, demand your
best reflections as to the best modes of providing
the necessary revenue, withoutinjury to business,
and with the least possible burdens upon labor.
The suspension of specic payments by the
banks, soon after thffcommencement of your last
session, made large issues of United States notes
unavoidable. In no other way could the payment
of the troops, and the satisfaction of other just
demands, be so economically or so well provided
for. The judicious legislation of Congress, scour-
ing the rcceivability of these notes for loans and
internal duties, and making them a legal tender
for other debts, has made them a universal cur-
rency; and has satisfied, partially, at least, and
for the time, the long felt want of a uniform cir-
culating medium, saving thereby to the people
immense sums in discounts and exchanges.
A return to specic payments, however, at the
earliest period compatible with due regard to all
interests concerned, should ever be kept in view.
Fluctuations in the value of currcncy are always
injurious, and to reduce these fluctuations to the
lowest possible point will always be a leading pur-
pose in wise legislation. Convertibility, prompt
and certain convertibility into coin, is generally
acknowledged to be the best and surest safeguard
againstthem; and it is extremely doubtful whether
a circulation o( United States notes, payable in
coin, and sufficiently large for the wants of the
people, can be permanently, usefully, and bafely
maintained.
Js there, then, any other mode m which the
necessary provision for the public wants can be
made, and the great advantages of a safe and uni-
form currency secured?
.1 know of none which promises so certain re-
sults, and is, at the same iime, so unobjectionable,
as the organization of banking associations, un-
der a general act of Congress, well guarded in its
provisions. To such associations the Govern-
ment might furnish circulating notes, on the
security of United States bonds deposited in the
Treasury. These notes, prepared under the super-
vision of proper officers, being uniform 111 ap-
pearance and security, and convertible always
into coin, would at once protect labor against the
evils of a vicious currency, and facilitate com-
merce by cheap and safe exchanges.
A moderate reservation from (he interest on the
bonds would compensate the United Slates for tlie
preparation and disti ilmtion of the notes and a
general supervision of the system, and would
lighten the burden of that part of the public debt
employed as securities. The public eredn, more-
over, would be greatly improved, and the negotia-
tion of new loans greatly facilitated by the steady
market demand for Government bonds which the
adoption of the proposed system would create.
It is an'-additional recommendation of the
measure, of considerable weight, m my judgment,
that it would leeoneile, as far as possible, all ex-
isting interests, by the oppoilunity offered to
existing institutions to reoiganize under the act,
substituting only the secured uniform national
circulation for the local and vaiious circulation,
secured and unsecured, now issued by them.
The receipts into the Treasury from all sources,
including loans and balance from the preceding
year, for the fiscal year ending on the 30lh June,
1862, weie $5tf3,8^5,'247 06, of which sum
$19,056,397 62 were denved fiom customs,
Si,795,331 73 fiom the direct tax; fiom public
hinds, $152,5203 7 7; from miscellaneous sources,
$931,7*7 64: from loans in all forms, s329,692,-
46*0,50. The remainder, $2,257,065 HO, was the
balance from last year.
The disbursements during the same period
were, for congressional, executive, and judicial
purposes, #5,939,009 29; for foreign mteicourse,
§1,339,719 35; for miscellaneous expenses, in-
cluding the mints, loans, post office deficiencies,
collection of revenue, and other like charges,
$14,129,771 50; for expenses under the Interior
Department, $3,102,985 52; under the "War De-
partment, §394,368,407 36; under the Navy De-
partment, $42,674,569 69; for interest on public
debt, $13,190,324 45; and for payment of public
debt, including reimbursement of tcmporaryloan
and redemptions, $96,096,922 09; making an ag-
gregate of $570,841,700 25, and leaving a balance
in the Treasury on the 1st day of July, 1862, of
$13,043,546 81.
It should be observed that the sum of
§96,096,922 09, expended for reimbursements
and redemption of public debt, being included
also in the loans made, may be properly de-
ducted both from receipts and expenditures, leav-
ing the actual receipts for the year $487,788,324 97,
and the expenditures $474,744,778 16.
Other information on the subject of the finances
will be found in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to whose statements and views I in-
vite your most candid and considerate attention.
The reports of the Secretaries of War and of the
Navy are herewith transmitted. These reports,
though lengthy, are scarcely more than brief ab-
stracts of the very numerous and extensive trans-
actions and operations conducted through those
Departments. Nor could I give a summary of
them here, upon any principle, which would ad-
mit of its being much shorter than the reports
themselves. 1 therefore content myself with lay-
ing the reports before you, and asking your at-
tention to them.
It gives me pleasure to report a decided im-
provement in the financial condition of the Post
Office Department, as compared with several pre-
ceding years. The receipts for the fiscal year
1861 amounted to $8,349,296 40, which embraced
the revenue from all the States of the Union for
three quarters of that year. Notwithstanding the
cessation of revenue fiom the so-called seceded
States during the last fiscal year, the increase of
the correspondence of the loyal States has been
sufficient toproducearevenueduringthe same year
of $8,299,820 90, being only $50,000 less than was
derived from all the States of the Union during the
previous year. Theexpendituresshow astill more
favorable result. The amount expended in 1861
was $13,606,75911. For the last year the amount
has been reduced to ftl 1,125,364 13, showing a
decrease of about $2,481,000 iu the expenditures
as compared with the preceding year, and about
£3,750,000 as compared with the fiscal year 1860.
I'ho deficiency in the Department for the previous
year was $4,551,961) 98. For the last fiscal year
it was reduced to ^2,112,814 57. These favor-
able results are in part owing to the cessation of
mail service in the insurrectionary States, and in
part to a careful review of all expenditures in that
Depaitment in the interest of economy. The
efficiency of the postal service, it is believed, has
also been much improved. The PostmasterGen-
ernl has also opened a correspondence, through the
Department of State, with foreign Governments,
proposing a convention of postal representatives
for the purpose of simplifying the rates of foreign
postage, and to expedite the foreign mails. This
proposition, equally important to our adopted
citizens, and to the commercial interests of this
country, has been favorably entertained, and
agreed to, by all the Governments from whom re-
plies have been received.
1 ask the attention of Congress to the sugges-
tions of the Postmaster General in his report re-
specting the further legislation lequiretl, in his
opinion, for the benefit of the postal service.
The Secretary of the Interior reports as follows
in regard to the public lands:
The public lands have ceased to be a source
ofrevenue. From the 1st July,. JSC], to the 30th
September, 1862, the entire cash receipts from the
Sale of lands weie ^137,470 26—a sum much less
than the expenses of out land system during the
! same period, The homestead law, which will
1 take elfect on the pit of Januai y next, offers such
| inducements to settlers, that sales for cash cannot
| be expected to an extent sufficient, to meet the
J expenses of the GeneralLandOffice, and the cost
; of surveying and bringing the land into market.99
The discrepancy between the sum here stated
ii as arising from the sales of the public lands, and
the sum derived from thesame source as reported
from the Treasury Department arises, as I under-
stand, from the fact that the periods of time,
though apparently, were not really, coincident at
the beginning point—the Treasury report includ-
ing a considerable sum now, which had pre-
viously been reported from the Interior—suffi-
ciently large to greatly overreach the sum derived
from the three months now reported upon by the
Interior and not by the Treasury.
The Indian tribes upon our frontiers have, dur-
ing the past year, manifested a spirit of insubor-
dination, and, at several points, have engaged in
open hostilities against the white settlements in
their vicinity. The tribes occupying the Indian
country south of Kansas, renounced their alle-
giance to the United States, and entered into trea-
ties with the insurgents. Those who remained
loyal to the United States were driven from the
country. The chief of theCherokees has visited
this city for the purpose of restoring the former
relations of the tribe with the United States. He
alleges that they were constrained, by superior
force, to enter into treaties with the insurgents,
and that the United States neglected to furnish
the protection which their treaty stipulations re-
quired.
In the month of August last the Sioux Indians,
in Minnesota, attacked the settlements in their
vicinity with extreme ferocity, killing, indiscrim-
inately, men, women, and children. This attack
was wholly unexpected, and, therefore, no means
of defense had been provided. It is estimated that
not less than eight hundred persons were killed
by the Indians, and a large amount of property
was destroyed. How this outbreak was induced
is not definitely known, and suspicions, which
may be unjust, need not be stated. Information
was received by the Indian Bureau, from differ-
ent sources, about the time hostilities were com-
menced, that n simultaneous attack was to be
made upon the white settlementsjay all the tribes
between the Mississippi river and the Rocky
mountains. The State of Minnesota has suffered
great injury from this Indian war. A large por-
tion of her territory has been depopulated, and a
seveie loss has been sustained by the destruction
of property. The people of that State manifest
much anxiety for the removal of the tribes beyond
the limits of the State as a guarantee against fu-
ture hostilities. The Commissioner of Indian
Affairs will furnish full details. I submit for
your especial consideration whether our Indian
system shall not bo remodeled. Many wise and
good men have impressed me with the belief that
this can be profitably done.
I submitastatement of the proceedings of com-
missioners, which shows the progress that has
been made in the enterprise of constructing the
Pacific railroad. And this suggests the eaihest
completion of this road, and also the favorable
action of Congress upon the projects now pend-
ing before them for enlarging the capacities of
the great canals in New York and Illinois, as
being of vital and rapidly increasing importance
to the whole nation, and especially to the vast
interior region hereinafter to bo noticed at some
greater length. I purpose having prepared and
laid before you at an early day some interesting
and valuable statistical information upon this sub-
ject. The military and commercial importance
of enlarging the Illinois and Michigan canal, and
improving the Illinois river, is presented in the re-
port of Colonel Webster to the Secretary of War,
and now transmitted to Congress. I respectfully
ask attention to it.
To carry out the provisions of the act of Con-
gress of the J5th of May last, I have caused the
Departnientof Agriculture of the United States to
be organized.
The Commissioner informs me that within the
period of a few months this Department has es-
tablished an extensive system of correspondence
and exchanges, both at home and abroad, which
promises to effect highly beneficial results in the
development of a correct knowledge of recent im-
provements in agriculture, in the introduction of
new products, and in the collection of the agricul-
tural statistics of the different States.
Also, that it will soon be prepared to distribute
largely seeds, cereals, plants and cuttings, and has
already published, and liberally diffused, much
