1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S^th Cong....3d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. oi? Reps.
valuable information in an ticipation ofa more elab-
orate report, which will in due time be furnished,
embracing some valuable tests in chemical science
now in progress in the laboratory.
Tho creation of this Department was for the
more immediate benefit of a large class of our
most valuable citizens; and I trust that the lib-
eral basis upon which it has been organized will
not only meet your approbation, but that it will
realize, at no distant day, all the fondest antici-
pations of its most sanguine friends, and become
the fruitful source of advantage to ail our people.
On the 22tl day of September last a proclama-
tion was issued by the Executive, a copy of
which is herewith submitted.
In accordance with the purpose expressed in the
second paragraph of that paper, I'now respect-
fully recall your attention to what may be called
" compensated emancipation."
A nation may be said to consist of its territory,
its people, and its laws. The territory is the only
part which is of certain durability. "One gen-
eration passeth away, and another generation
cometh, but the earth abideth forever. It is of
the first importance to duly consider and estimate
this ever-enduring part. That portion of the
earth's surface which is owned and inhabited by
the people of the United States, is well adapted
to be the home of one national family; and it is
not well adapted for two, or more. Its vast ex-
tent, and its variety of climate and productions,
are of advantage, in this age, for one people,
whatever they might have been in foimerages.
Steam, telegraphs, and intelligence, have brought
these to be an advantageous combination for one
united people.
In the inaugural address I briefly pointed out
the total inadequacy of disunion, as a remedy for
the differences between the people of the two sec-
tions. I did so in language which 1 cannot im-
prove, and which, therefore, I beg to repeat:
" One section of our country believes slavery
is right, and ought to be extended, while the other
believes it is wrong, and ought not to be extended.
Thisis the only substantial dispute. The fugitive
slave clause of the Constitution, and the law for
the suppression of the foreign slave trade, are
each as well enforced, perhaps, as any law can
ever be in a community where the moral sense of
the people imperfectly supports the law itself.
The great body of the people abide by the dry
legal obligation in both cases, and a few break
over in each. This, I think,cannot be perfectly
cured; and it would be worse in both cases after
the separation of the sections, than before. The
foreign slave trade, now imperfectly suppressed,
would be ultimately revived without lestiiction
in one section; while fugitive slaves, now only
partially surrendered, would not be surrendered
at all by the other.
"Physically speaking, wc cannot separate.
We cannot remove our respective sections from
each other, nor build an impassable wall between
them. A husband and wife may be divorced, and
go out of the presence and beyond the reach of each
other; but the different parts of our country can-
not do this. They cannot but remain fare to face;
and intercout.se, eithet amicable m hostile, must
continue between them. Is it possible, then, to
make that intercourse more advantageous or more
satisfactory after separation than before ? Can
aliens make treaties easier than friends can make
laws? Can treaties be more faithfully enforced
between aliens than laws can among friends?
Suppose you go to war, you cannot fight always;
and when, alter much loss on both sides, and no
gain on either, you cease fighting, the identical old
questions as to terms of intercourse are again
upon you.5'
There is no line, straight or crooked, suitable
for a national boundary upon which to divide.
Trace through, from east to west, upon the line
between the free and slave country, and we shall
find a little more than one third of its length are
rivers, easy to be crossed,and populated,or soon
to be populated, thickly upon both sides; while
nearly all its remaining length are merely sur-
veyors' lines, over which people may walk back
and forth without any consciousness of their
presence. No part of this line can be made any
more difficult to pass by writing it down on paper
or parchment as a national boundary. The fact
of separation, if it comes, gives up on the part of
the seceding section the fugitive slave clause, along
with all other constitutional obligations upon the
section seceded from, while I should expect no
treaty stipulation would ever be made to take its
place.
But there is another difficulty. The great in-
terior region, bounded east by the Alleghanies,
north by the British dominions, west by the
Rocky mountains, and south by the line along
which the culture of corn and cotton meets, and
which includes part of Virginia, part of Tennes-
see, ail of Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Illinois, Missouri, Kansas, Iowa,
Minnesota, and the Territories of Dakota, Ne-
braska, and part of Colorado, already has above
ten million people, and will have fifty millions
within fifty yeais, if not prevented by any polit-
ical folly or mistake. It contains more than one
third of the country owned by the United States—
certainly more than one million square miles.
Once half as populous as Massachusetts already
is, it would have more than seventy-live million
people. A glance at the map shows that, territo-
rially speaking, it is the great body of the Repub-
lic. The other parts are but marginal borders to
it, the magnificent region sloping west from the
Rocky mountains to the Pacific, being the deepest
and also the richest in undeveloped resources. In
the production of provisions, grains, grasses,and
all which proceed from them, this great interior
region is naturally one of the most important in
the world. Ascertain from the statistics the small
proportion of the region which has, as yet, been
brought into cultivation, and also the large and
rapidly increasing amount of its products, and we
shall be overwhelmed with the magnitude of the
prospect presented. And yet this region has no
sea-coast, touches no ocean anywheie. As part
of one nation, its people now find, and may for-
ever find, their way to Europe by New York, to
South America and Africa by New Orleans, and
to Asia by San Francisco. But separate our com-
mon country into two nations, as designed by the
picsent rebellion, and eveiy man of this great in-
terior regioii is thereby cuc off from some one or
more of these outlets, not, perhaps, by a phys-
ical barrier, but by embarrassing and onerous trade
regulations.
And this is true, wherecer a dividing or boundary
line may be fixed. Place it between the now free
and slave country, or place it south of Kentucky,
or north of Ohio, and still the truth remains, that
none south of it can trade to any port or place
north of it, and none north of it can trade to any
poit or place south of it, except upon terms dic-
tated by a Government foreign to them. These
outlets, east, west, and south, are indispensable
to the well-being of the people inhabiting and to
inhabit this vast intenor region. Which of the
three may be the best is no proper question. All
are better than either; and all of right belong to
that people, and to their successors forever. True
to themselves, they will not ask ichcre a line of
separation shall be, but will vow rather that there
shall be no such line. Nor are the marginal re-
gions less interested in these communications to
and through them, to the great outside world.
They, too, and ench of them, must have access to
this Egypt of the West without paying toll at the
crossing of any national boundary.
Our national strife springs not from our perma-
nent part; not from the land we inhabit; not from
our national 'homestead. There is no possible
several^ of this, but would multiply and not miti-
gate evils among us. In all its adaptations and
aptitudes it demands union and abhors sepaiation.
In fact it would, ere long, force reunion, however
much of bhu>d and treasure the separation might
have cost.
Our strife pertains to ourselves—to the passing
geueiaUnns of men; and it can, without convul-
sion, be hushed forever with the passing of one
generation.
In this \ i e w, I lecommend the adoption of the
following resolution and. articles amendatory to
the Constitution of the United States:
"Resolved Inj the Senate ami House of Representa-
tives of the United  S'lutes of Amt')ica -in Congress as-
sembled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring,)
That the following articles be proposed to the Le*
gislatures (or conventions) of the several Staifea
as amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, all or any of which articles when ratified
by three-fourths of the said Legislatures (orebn-
ventions) to be valid as part or parts of the said
Constitution, namely:
"Article —. Every State, wherein slavery
now exists, which shall abolish the same therein,
at any time, or times,before the first day of Jan-
uary, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine
hundred, shall receive compensation from the Urn*
ted States, as follows, to wit:
"The President of the United States shall de-
liver to every such State bonds of the United
States, bearing interest at the rate of per
cent, per annum, to an amount equal to the ag- „
gregatc sum of for each slave shown to
have been therein, by the eighth census of the
United States, said bonds to be delivered to such
States by installments, or in one parcel, at the com-
pletion of the abolishment, accordingly as tho
same shall have been gradual, or at one time,
within such State; and interest shall begin to run
upon anjr such bond onljr from the proper time
of its delivery as afoiesaid. Any State having
received bonds as aforesaid, and afterwards rein-
troducing or tolerating slavery therein, shall re-
fund to the United States the bonds so received,
or the value thereof, and all interest paid thereon.
"Article—. All slaves who shall have enjoyed
actual freedom by the chances of the war at any
time before the end of the rebellion, shall be for-
ever free; but all owners of such, who shall not
have been disloyal, shall be compensated for
them, at the same rates as is provided for States
adopting abolishment of slavery, hut in such way
that no slave shall bo twice accounted for.
"Article—. Congress may appropriate money
and otherwise provide for colonizing free colored
pers'ons, with their own consent, at any placc or
places without tlie United States/'
1 beg indulgence to discuss these proposed arti-
cles at some length. Without slavery the rebel-
lion could never have existed; wi'hout slavery it
could not continue.
Among the friends of the Union there is great
diversity of sentiment and of policy in regard to
slavery and the African race anions us. Somu
would perpetuate slavery; some would abolish it
suddenly, and without compensation; some would
abolish it gradually, and with compensation;
some would remove the freed people from us, and
some would retain them with us; and there are
yet other minor diversities. Because of these
diversities, we waste much strength in struggles
among ourselves. By mutual concession we
should harmonize and act together. This would
be compiomisc; but it would be compromise
among the friends, and not with the enemies of the
Union. These articles are intended to embody a
plan of such mutual concessions. If the plan
shall bo adopted, it is assumed that emancipation
will follow, at least, in several of the States.
As to the first article, the main points are; first,
the emancipation; secondly, the length of time
for consummating it—thirty-seven years; and,
thndly, tho compensation.
The emancipation will be unsatisfactory to the
advocates of perpetual slavery; hut tho length of
time should greatly mitigate then* dissatisfaction.
The time spares both races from the evils of sud-
den derangement—in fact, from the necessity of
any derangement—while most of those whose
habitual course of thought will be disturbed by
the measure will have passed away before its con-
summation. They will never see it. Another
class will had the prospect of emancipation, but
will deprecate the length of time. They will fee]
that it gives too little to the now living slaves.
Rut it really gives them much. It saves th# m
from the vagrant destitution which must largely
attend immediatA emancipation in localities where
their numbers are very great; and it gives the
inspiring at su mice that their posterity shall be
free forever. The plan leaves to each State,
choosing to act ui.der it, to abolish slavery now
or at the end of the centmy cu at any intermedi-
ate time or by degrees, extending over the whole
or any part of the period; and it obliges no two
States to proceed alike. It also provides for com-
