THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31.
colonel, or mayhap a general, set your standard
ever so high; but when the man wins his promo-
tion, for justice sake give him command, at least,
of his own color. I am not so insane as to .sup-
pose that a commander-in-chief could spring from
this people, for such can only come through West
Point; but if, in God's providence, it should be
ordered that a regiment, brigade, army, or the na-
tion is to be saved by a black man, shall we refuse
the salvation? When a Saviour is looked foi, the
eyes of men seek m the royal house of Judah, or
the princely tribe of Levi, whilst the redemption
cometh of lowly Nazareth, and is oven found in
the manger, not unlikely the son of some "greasy
mechanic," (as carpenters are termed by the lordly
rebel,) himself little better than a poor Nazarene,
a <v mud-sill of society."
Thus people have sought in the high places,
among the chief priests and the Pharisees and
among the mighty men of war in our Isiael, in
the captains tiained in the schools, and the sol-
di«;is of other wars, and yet our salvation is not.
We have by turns tried all bloods and nationali-
ties, the Scottish Mac's, the Irish O's, the Ger-
man Van's and Von's. We have come down to
French pimces of blood royal, and nobility of all
classes. And where stands the brave, patient, he-
roic army of the Potomac, which they have suc-
cessively tinkered at, twice recruited, thrice deci-
mated by battleand disease, not impatient orilts-
couiaged, never defeated, yet not a cleat decisive
vietmy to inscribe on their banners?
We have tried all kinds and qualities of men;
alt statutes, complexions, and easts of counte-
nance. Thus far in the contest, the Itoman nose
has not pio\cd superiority for command over the
pug. Gray hans or black wigs are not ahead of
the golden auburn; and yet we grope for the leader
and stand confounded before the forces of rebel-
lion. Are our resources exhausted ? Do dark
clouds of doubt and uncertainty blind the pios-
pcu ? Ase we for a moment to despair of the Re-
public? 1'y no meant*. The wailing cry <>f the
ramest and patuotie gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania, [.Mr. Wuioiit,] "that, perhaps, to-mor-
row's sun may see us without a Government,"
can (hid noecho in tin; soul of htm who fairly com-
prehends the issues involved in this contest, the
spirit of our institutions, and the character of the
American people. 1 never permit the question of
the future existence of our Government to occupy
luy thoughts u> the exclusion of practical ques-
tions more nearly affecting our immediate life-
time. •
The existence of our Government and that of
the Ameiiean people aie synonyms m my vocab-
ufaiy; and that people are so young, vigorous,
and replete with all that make.su gieat national
existence, that I cannot take tune to feel its pulse
and speculate upon little chills and Hushes and
the lulling ailments of youth: men.- "growing
p<n n«,"
A - to oni counti y future, let us nev t r be down-
cast in' hop< less; that future is as^iued, the Gov-
ernment is of Un-people, and the people will Like
right i^ood can that no serious damage come to
it or them thiough the folly or weakness of ihen-
agents, icpiesentative or executive. With such
acountiy as (tie Good Pat her has gi\en as an in-
heritance; with a people such as lie has raised up
from all the nations of the earth, and then cast in
one mold of mdmdual soveiejgnty; and a Go\-
ernntetit which has grown out of the naiui e of that
counhy and people, we need nor take execs--" of
trouble as to the effect of t his man's course or 1 haf
man's opinion, or cate what any class or piuJy
may choose to think, or say, 01 do in this com est,
pa\ e as it affects the cost. Yon may chafe that the
President stands ever patient and foi heai :nz in the
w a i. It matters liulc what the President may ir-
sol\e to do or leave undone, save i \ the increased
eoM of blood, tiedMiie, and piesent human hap-
jiiiir^. Vou ueiith men of the Opposition of tins
war may band and ha\e your pretty little combi-
nations, - mbraeing triumphant State elections,and
D'n eeutg Gov« i norsand Legtslatu i es; your actions
aif-ct only the cost, not the result one whit. We
may of ri^r.t mourn the cost, but we cannot doubt
the i usult, lot the Army is loyal, becouse it is from
the peopk; the Government is safe, for it is of the
p< op!* : and the nation and Union is assured, for
li11 • jn.opto cannot die. Although in the sad, mad
eXu'ency '■ff th«* times, the Constitution may bo
rent and trodden und^r foot, the Government may
be scattered to the four winds, oar archives burned,
and all machinery of Government, legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial destroyed, our armies ex-
hausted and navies lost, yet the people out of whom
all these grow still live, and in town meeting will
reorganize and revivify all that may be lost.
In this asserted faith as to the result, all my care
has been and shall be given to such measures as
may give us permanent peace and security at the
least cost in the precious lives and happiness of
our people. That the cost of this war is already
infinitely beyond what any could have anticipated,
we must admit. How much of this cost is attrib-
utable to the forbearance, patience, and concilia-
tory policy of the Administration, is not at pres-
ent a point of inquiry. I am free to admit that I
was unprepared for such ability in the conduct
of the war, such development of resources, such
tenacity of purpose, on the side of the rebellion.
Let us accept the lesson they have taught, and
follow their example in the honest, hearty pros-
ecution of the war, using all means, and accept-
ing all aids and advantages to their subjection.
Mr. Speaker, I feel that our enemies, even in
so bad a cause, are serving in some degree to the
future good of our nation; for in this dogged per-
sistence and sustained courage, they are but show-
ing, in a feeble degree, what the American people
is capable of, should it ever come to a life and
death struggle for the free institutions of the fathers
and the Government of their choice. Thus much
of good may be extracted from this evil work.
Before closing, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say that
it was with regret that I heaul the modification of
the original bill as proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] for that, character-
istic of the gentleman himself, was frank, honest,
and just; it offered the danger of the battle, and
the equivalent, glory and honor, by allowing the
negro to hold office in regiments of his own color.
It lias been deemed wise by the House to strike
this out. Waiving my objection, I shall vote for
the amended bill in the hope that it may strengthen
the Government and aid the President in the pros-
ecution of the war; and in the faith thata sense of
justice will induce a future Congress to remove
this impediment to promotion, should experience
demons! rate, as it has in Brazil and other counti ies,
that the black possesses fitness and capacity as a
soidier. In tins hope I shall vote for the bill, but
protest, in the spirit of " fair play," against the
disabling clause of it.
Mi. OLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. LID WARDS. I ask the attention of the
Cluvr to the 63d rule of the House.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
c: No member ^hnll speak nioro than onco to the same
question without leave of the llon^e, unh'-s he he the
movei, piopo-cr, oi intiodueer oi the nuutei pending; m
which c.i-e he j-ti.il! he piM nulled to <pt nk in icply, hut not
unlit ev< iv menilu'i choosing lo •-peak shall iuive spoken."
The SPEA KER pro Icmpoie, (Mr. Baffin-ton
in the chair.) The question has been entirely
i hanged since the gen tlernan from New Yoi k [Mr.
Glint] addressed the House.
Mr. OLIN. 1 hnve not spoken on the bill at all.
Mr. EDWARDS. The motion remains the
same, which is to refer the bill to the Committee
oil Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
refer has been withdrawn.
REMOVAL OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ALDltlCH. I ask unanimous consent to
have the Senate bill No. 4I8taken from the Speak-
er's table, and referred.
There being no objection, an act (S. No. 418)
for the removal of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Me- j
dawakaiiton,aud Wahpakoota bandsof Sioux or j
Dakota Indians, and for the disposal of their lauds I
m Minnesota and Dakota, was taken from the !
Speaker's table, read a fiist and second time, and j
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. j
NEGRO SOLDIERS—AGAIN. j
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from I
New York to yield to me for a moment, that I may '
offer an amendment to the bill. ;
Mr. OLIN. 1 do not know that I have author- [
ity to do that. ;
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair will |
infoim the gentleman from Tennessee that there
is alrcndy an amendment pending to the amend-
ment.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the gentleman from
New York proceeds, I should like to know whether
it is the purpose to take the vote on this bill to-day?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
inform the gentleman that the vote will not be
taken to-day.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that the
Senate amendments to the consular bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
There being no objection, the Senate amend-
ments to an act (H. R. No. 649) making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1864, were taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
PORTER COURT-MARTIAL.
Mr. WICKLJFFE. 1 desire to introduce the
following resolution, to winch not a member, I
think, will object:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish this
House witii a copy of tin; pioceptluig-? ot the comt-martial
in the case of General Porter, if not inconsistent with the
public interest.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I object to the res-
olution unless " if not incompatible with the pub-
lic interests" is inserted.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I will insert it, certainly.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to the resolution, as amended?
Mr. BINGI-IAM. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
NEGRO SOLDIERS AGAIN.
Mr. OLIN. When the bill now under discus-
sion was first introduced into the House, I took
occasion to suggest a disposition of it which I
thought at that time would obviate to a great ex-
tent the angry discussion which has followed,and
those other proceedings, which, I must bo permit-
ted to say—I hope without offense to the House—
are, in my judgment, in the present condition of
the country, disgraceful and humiliating to this
House. While 1 say this, 1 do not mean to charge
upon my Democratic friends on my left, or upon
my Republican friends on my right, the sole re-
sponsibility for these pioceedings. It was quito
natural, on one hand, that a measure calculated to
excite hostility on one side andadmirably adapted
to be made a theme to arouse strong prejudice,
provoking endless discussion, should meet a stern
resistance to any attempt to force it through the
House without debate or consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest that when the resistance to which
the gentleman refers was made, there was all the
time pending a motion, made by the gentleman
having charge of the bill, to reconsider the vote
ordering the main question, by which the bill
would have been thrown open to debate and amend-
ment? There was, therefore, no attempt by this
side to cut off debate at all.
Mr. OLIN. Whatever the particular motion
then pending was, the whole proceedingin refer-
ence to this bill was peculiarly characteristic of
the mode in which the legislation of this House
has been conducted. If this bill had been, as it
ought to have been, quietly subjected to the or-
dinary forms of legislation, I have not the least
idea that it would have provoked anything like
the ill feeling, or anything like that excitement
and angry discussion, or anything like the disor-
derly proceedings which have made every man
in this House (with the exception of one or two,
I think,) feel humbled and disgraced.
Now, sir, this bill comes befoie us in that ille-
gitimate way that measures sometimes get before
this House, when some ambitious young gentle-
man gets up and forces upon us the advjption or
rejection of resolutions without the opportunity of
debate or consideration, without any apparent
reason or legitimate purpose to be accomplished
except to see his name appear in the Globe. If
this question had been leferrcd to the Committee
on Alilitary Affairs, there would have been, I
trust, a careful examination of the existing law
upon the subject, with a view of ascertaining what
defects it was desned to remedy, or what new
provisions it was wise or politic, to enact. But
this House has ordered otherwise, and I take this
occasion to assert, after a careful examination of
the existing law in reference to the subject of this
