APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR.
[December 1,
Cong....3d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
pensation, and generally, the mode of making it.
Tfais, it would seem, must further mitigate the
(Jissatisfactiorrof those who favor perpetual sla-
very, especially of those who are to receive
the compensation. Doubtless some of those who
are to pay, and not to receive, will object. Yet
the measure is both justand economical. In acer-
taia sense, the liberation of slaves is the destruc-
tion of property—property acquired by descent,
or by purchase, the same as any other property.
It is no less true for having been often said, that
the people of the South arc not more responsible
for the original introduction of this property than
are the people of theNorth; and when itis remem-
bered how unhesitatingly we all use cotton and
sugar, and share the profits of dealing in them, it
may not be quite safe to say that the South has
t>ecn more responsible than the North for its con-
tinuance. If, then, for a common object, this
property is to be sacrificed, is it not just that it
pe done at a common charge?
And if, with less money, or money more easily
paid, wp can preserve the benefits of the Union
by this means than we can by the war alone, is it
not also economical to do it? Let us consider it
then. Let us ascertain the sum we have expended
in the war since compensated emancipation was
proposed last March, and consider whether, if
that measure had been promptlyaccepted, by even
some of the slave States, the same sum would not
have done more to close the war than has been
otherwise done. If so, the measure would save
money, and, in that view, would be a prudent and
economical measure. Certainly it is not so easy
, 10 pay something as it is to pay nothing} but it is
easier to pay a targe sum than it is to pay a larger
one. Ami u is easier to pay any sum ivhen we
are abb1, ihan it is to pay u before we are aide.
The war requires large sums, and requires them
at once. The aggregate sum necessary for com-
pensated emancipation of couise would be large.
x$ut it would require no ready cash, nor the bonds,
t'ven,any faster ihan the emancipation progresses.
This might not, and probably would not, close
before the end of the thirty-seven years. At that
time we shall probably have a hundred million
people to share the burden, instead of thirty-one
millions, as now. And not only so, but the in-
crease of our population may be expected to con-
tinue for a long time after that permit as rapidly
as before; because our terntoiy will net ha\e be-
come full. I do not state this inconsiderately. At
the same ratio of incnase which we have main-
tained,*")!! an nveia*>e, from our first national cen-
sus iu 1700, until thai of 1HG0, we should, m 1000,
have a population of 103,'J0H,415. And why may
we not continue that ratio far beyond that period?
Our abundant room—our broad national home-
stead—jm our ample resouieo. Were our terri-
tory as limited a« ere the British Isles, very c.er-
lainly our populanon could not expand as Mated.
Instead of leceivm^ the foreign born, n« now, we
should bo compelled to Rend part of the native
born away.
lint such is not our condition. We have two
million nine hundred and sixty-tluec thousand
square miles. Europe has three million and ei^ht
hundred thousand, with a population averaging
sevent v-thiee and one third peisons to tin; square
mile. Why may not our country, at some time,
average as many? Is it less fertile? 1 las it mon:
waste surface, by mountains, livers, lnk js, des-
erts, or other causes? Ih it inferior to Europe in
any natural advantage? If, then, we an: at some
time to be as populous as Europe, how soon ? As
to when this may be, we can judge by the past
and the present; as to when it will be, if ever, de-
pends much on whether we maintain the Union.
Several of our States are already nbo\e the aver-
age of Europe—seventy-three and a third to the
square mile. Massachusetts has 157; Rhode Isl-
and, 133; Connecticut, 99; New York and New
Jersey, each, 80. Also two other great States,
Pennsylvania and Ohio, are not far below, the
former having 63 and the latter 59. The States
already above the European average, except New
York, have increased in as rapid a ratio, since
passing that point, as ever befoie; while no one
of them is equal to some other parts of our coun-
try in natural capacity for sustaining a dense pop-
ulation.
Taking the nation in the aggregate, and we find
its population and ratio of increase, for the sev-
eral decennial periods, to be as follows:
1T90   3.929 827 '
1800 !!!!..!.!! 5,;305.937 35.02 per cent, ratio of increase.
1810   7,239,814 36.45 " "
1820   9,638,131 33.13 " "
1830  12.866,020 33.49 " "
1840  17,069,453 32.67 " u
1850   23,191,876 35.87 « «
I860   31,443,790 35.58 « "
This shows an average decennial increase of
34.69 per cent, in population through the seventy
years from our first to our last census yet taken,
it is seen that the ratio of increase, at no one of
these seven periods, is either two per cent, below
or two per cent, above the average; thus showing
how inflexible, and, consequently, how reliable,
the law of increase, in our case, is. Assuming
that it will continue, gives the following results:
1870   42,323,341
1880   56,967,216
1890   76,677,873
1900  103,208,415
1910  138,918,526
1920  186,984,335
1930  251,680,914
These figures show that our country may be as
populous as Europe now is at some point between
1920 and 1930—say about 1925—our territory,at
seventy-three and a third peisons to the square
mile, being of capacity to contain 217,186,000.
And we will reach this, too, if we do not our-
selves relinquish the chance by the folly and evils
of disunion,orby longand exhausting war spring-
ing from the only great element of national dis-
cord among us. While it cannot be foreseen ex-
actly how much one huge example of secession,
breeding lesser ones indefinitely, would retard
population, civilization, and prosperity, no one
can doubt that the extent of it would be very great
and injurious.
The proposed emancipation would shorten the
war, perpetuate peace, insure this increase of pop-
ulation, and proportionately the wealth of the
country. With these, we should pay all the eman-
cipation would cost,, together with our other debt,
easier than we should pay our other debt without
it. If we had allowed our old national debt to
run at six per cent, per annum, simfde interest,
from the end of our revolutionary struggle until
to-day, without paying anything on either prin-
cipal or interest, each man of us would owe less
upon that debt now than each man owed upon it
then; and this because our increase of men through
the whole period has been greater than six per
cent.—has run faster than the interest upon the
debt. Thus, time alone relieves a debtor nation,
so long as its population iiceascs faster than
unpaid interest accumulates or. its debt.
This fact would be no excuse for delaying pay-
ment of what is justly due; but it shows the great
importance of time in this connection—the great
advantage of a policy by wh ich we shall not have
to pay until we number a hundred millions, what,
by a different policy, we would have to pay now,
when we number but thirty-one millions. In a
word, it shows that a dollar will be much harder
to pay for the war than will be a dollar for emanci-
pation on the proposed plan. And then the latter
will cost no blood, no precious life. It will be a
saving of both.
As to the second article, 1 think it would be
impracticable to return to bondage the elasa of
persons therein contemplated. Some of them,
doubtless, jn the property sense, belong to loyal
owners, and hence provision is made in this ar-
ticle for compensating such.
The third article relates to the future of the freed
people. It does not oblige, but merely authorizes,
Congress to aid in colonizing such as may con-
sent7 This ought not to be regarded as objec-
tionable on the one hand or on the other, inso-
much as it comes to nothing, unless by the mu-
tual consent of the people to be deported, and the
American voters, through their representatives in
Congress.
I cannot make it better known than it already
is, that 1 strongly favor colonization. And yet I
wish to say there is an objection urged against free
colored persons remaining in the country which
is largely imaginary, if not sometimes malicious.
U is insisted that their presence would injure
and displace white labor and white laborers. If
there ever could be a proper time for mere catch
arguments, that time surely is not now. In times
like the present men should, utter nothing for
which they would not willingly be responsible
through time and in eternity. Is it true, then,
that colored people can displace any more white
labor by being free than by remaining slaves ? If
they stay in their old places, they jostle no white
laborers; if they leave their old places, they leave
them open to white laborers. Logically, there is
neither more nor less of it. Emancipation, even
without deportation, would probably enhance the
wages of white labor, and, very surely, would not
reduce them. Thus, the customary amount of
labor would still have to be performed; the freed
people would surely not do more than their old
proportion of it, and, very probably, for a time
would do less, leaving an increased part to white
laborers, bringing their labor into greater demand,
and consequently enhancingthe wages of it. With
deportation, even to a limited extent, enhanced
wages to white labor is mathematically certain.
Labor is like any other commodity in the mar-
ket—increase the demand for it and you increase
the price of it. Reduce the supply of black labor
by colonizing the black laborer out of the coun-
try, and by precisely so much you increase the
demand for and wages of white labor.
But it is dreaded that the freed people will
swarm forth, and covor the whole land. Are they
not already in the land? Will liberation make
them any more numerous? Equally distributed
among the whites of the whole country, and there
would be but one colored to seven whites. Could
the one, in any way, greatly disturb the seven?
There are many communities now, having moie
than one free colored person to seven whites; and
this, without any apparent consciousness of evil
from it. The District of Columbia, and the States
of Maryland and Delaware, are all in this condi-
tion. The District has more than one free colored
to six whites; and yet, in its frequent petitions to
Congress, I believe it has never presented thn
presence of free colored persons as one of its
grievances. But why should emancipation south,
send the freed people north ? People, of any color,
seldom run, unless there be something to run
from. Heretofore colored people, to some extent,
have fled north from bondage; and now, perhaps,
from both bondage and destitution. Kut if gradual
emancipation and deportation be adopted, they
will have neither to flee from. Their old masters
will give them wages at least until new laborers
can be procured; and the freed men, in turn, will
gladly give their labor for the wages, till new
homes can be found for them, m congenial climes,
and with people of their own blood and race.
This proposition can be trusted on the mutual
interests involved. And, in any event, cannot the
North decide for itselfwhether to receive them?
Again, as practice proves more than theory,in
any case, has there been any irruption of colored
people northward because of the abolishment of
slavery in this District last spring?
What I have said of the proportion of free col-
ored persons to the whites in the District is from
the census of 18G0, having no reference to per-
sons called contrabands, noi to those made free
by the act of Congress abolishing slavery here.
The plan consisting of these articles is recom-
mended, not but that a restoration of the national
authority would be accepted without its adoption.
.Nor will the war, nor proceedings under the
proclamation of September 22, 1862, be stayed
because of the recommendation of this plan. Its
timely adoption, 1 doubt not, would bring restora-
tion, and thereby stay both.
And, notwithstanding this plan, the recom-
mendation that Congress provide by law for com-
pensating any State which may adopt emancipa-
tion before this plan shall have been acted upon
is hereby earnestly renewed. Such would be
only an advance part of the plan, and the same
arguments apply to both.
This plan is recommended as a means, not in
exclusion of but additional to all others for restor-
ing and preserving the national authority through-
out the Union. The subject is presented exclu-
sively in its economical aspect. The plan would,
I am confident, secure peace more speedily, and
