1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
37tii Cons....3d Sess,
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
lintain it more permanently than can be done
■ force alone; while all it would cost, consider-
maintain
by
ing amounts, and manner of payment, and times
of payment, would be easier paid than will be the
additional cost of the war, if we rely solely upon
force. It is much—very much—that it would cost
no blood at all.
The plan is proposed as permanent constitu-
tional law. It cannot become such without the
concurrence of, first, two thirds of Congress, and
afterwards, three fourths of the States. The re-
quisite three fourths of the States will necessarily
include seven of the slave States. Their concur-
rence, if obtained, will give assurance of their
severally adopting emancipation at no very dis-
tant day upon the new constitutional terms. This
assurance would end the struggle now, and save
the Union forever.
I do not forget the gravity which should char-
acterize o paper addressed to the Congress of the
nation by the Chief Magistrate of the nation. Nor
do 1 forget that some of you are my seniors, nor
that many of you have more experience than I in
the conduct of public affairs. "Yet I trust that in
view of the great responsibility resting upon me,
you will perceive no want of respect to yourselves
in any undue earnestness I may seem to display.
• Is it doubted, then, that the plan I propose, if
adopted, would shorten the war, and thus lessen
its expenditure of money and of blood? Is it
doubted that it would restore the national author-
ity and national prospeuty, and perpetuate both
indefinitely? Is it doubted that we here—Con-
gress and Executive—can secure its adoption?
Will not the good people respond to a united and
earnest appeal from us? Can we, can they, by
any other means so certainly or so speedily as-
sure these vital objects? We can succeed only by
concert. Itis not"can any of us imagine better?"
but " can we all do better?" Object whatsoever
is possible, still the question recurs "can we do
better?" The dogmas of the quiet past are inade-
quate to the stormy present. The occasion is
piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with
the occasion. As our case is new, so we must
think anew and act anew. We must disinthro.il
ourselves, and then we shall save our country.
Fellow-citizens, we cannot escape history. We,
of this Congress and this Administration, will be
remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal
significance, or insignificance, can spare one or
another of us. The fiery trial through which we
pass will light us down, in honor or dishonor, to
the latest generation. We say we are for the
Union. The world will not forget that we say
this. Weknow howtosavetheUnion. Theworld
knows we do know how to save it. We—oven
we here—hold the power and bear the responsi-
bility, in giving freedom to the slave we assure
freedom to the free—honorable alike in what we
give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save,
or meanly lose, the last, best hope of earth. Other
means may succeed; this could notfail. The way
is plain, peaceful, generous, just—a way which,
if followed, the world will forever applaud, and
God must forever bless.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
December 1, 1862.
Keport of the Secretary of the Interior.
Department of the Interior,
November 29, 3862.
Sir: I have the honor to submit, for your con-
sideration, the annual report of this Department,
with the reports of the several bureaus and institu-
tions which bylawareplacedunderitssupervision.
It is a source of gratification that, while the
social and commercial relations of the people have
been greatly deranged by the civil war which re-
bellion has forced upon the country, in most of
the loyal States the great interests of agriculture,
manufactures, and commerce have been well sus-
tained, and have returned remunerating profits for
the capital and labor invested in them.
The several reports which are herewith trans-
mitted exhibit, in detail, the operations in the sev-
eral branches of the public service which are
placed under the charge of this Department.
GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
The demand for the public lands has continued
to decline since mv last reooit. The sales for
cash have not produced a sum sufficient to pay
the expenses of our land system.
On the 30th of September, 1863, there were sur-
veyed and ready for sale 134,218,330.89 acres.
From that date until September 30, 1862, there
have been surveyed 3,135,067.41 acres.
During the fiscal year ending June 30,1862, and
the first quarter of the current fiscal year, there
were sold for cash 154,258.65 acres, producing
$137,476 26. During the same period 712,055.77
acres have been located with bounty land war-
rants; 1,133,898.92acreshave been certified under
railroad grants made by Congress; and 24,316.09
acres have been certified to different States as
swamp lands. The aggregate amount thus dis-
posed of was 2,024,529.43 acres, leaving, of sur-
veyed lands ready for sale on the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1862, 135,328,866.84 acres.
Under the bounty land laws of 1847, 1850,1852,
and 1855, there were issued, prior to the 30th
of September, 1862, 537,471 warrants, covering
58,876,430 acres of land. Of these, there were
outstanding and unsatisfied, September 30, 1862,
65,913 warrants, covering 7,123,380 acres.
The necessary steps have been taken to carry
into effect the act approved May 20, 1862, " to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain," and every facility contemplated by the
law will be afforded to those who may desire to
avail themselves of its provisions after the 1st of
January next.
The estimates! for surveys submitted by the Gen-
eral Land Office, for the last as well as the pres-
ent year, are much less than usual. The large
amount of lands already in market, and the con-
stantly diminishing sales, have suggested the pro-
priety of this course. The law passed at the last
session of Congress, requiring the cost of surveys
of private land claims in California arid NevvMex-
ico to be paid by the claimants, will save to the
Treasury a 1 urge amount. The Government paid
for such surveys, before the passage of that law,
$178,769 09, while the entire benefit inured to the
claimants.
The public lands for agricultural purposes can
no longer be looked to as a source of revenue.
The inducements to settlements presented by the
homestead law, will preclude extended sales for
cash. The pine lands of the north will be pur-
chased for the timber they supply, but these will
be paid for mainly with warrants and the various
land scrip which has heretofore been issued, or is
authorized under existing laws The amount of
cash which will be hereafter received on purchases
made either for the timber or cultivation, will pay
but a small proportion of the expenses of our land
system.
The extensive mineral lands belonging to the
United States, although containing inexhaustible
mines of wealth, have heretofore been wholly un-
productive asasourceof revenue. The products
of these mines have increased the wealth and
prospeiity of the country, but the direct profiis
upon their production have been enjoyed exclu-
sively by thosp who ha\e been engaged in mining
them. It has become a iriave question, to be de-
termined by Congress, whether this policy shall
be longer continued, or whether these vast mines
of wealth shall not be made available to aid in
liquidating our national debt, so far as this may be
done without injustice to the enterpusmg men
who nre working them. The great aurifVroitH re-
gion of the United States, on tlx* wesiorn porfion
of the continent, extends from 310 30' north lati-
tude to the forty-ninth degree, and from 100O of
longitude to the Pacific ocean,embracing portions
of Dakota, Nebraska, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, Utah, Nevada, California, Oregon,and
Washington, and covenngan area of more than a
million square miles.
Thisvastregion is traversed by extensive ranges
of mountains, which are literally stocked with
minerals,goldand silver beingmterspersed in pro-
fusion,and daily brought to light by new discov-
eries. The piecious metals are found imbedded
in mountains and in rich washings, marking the
pathways of rivers and floods. The silver mines
of Nevada and New Mexico promise a produc-
tion greater than that of any other portion of the
world. The discoveries of gold in the Colorado,
or southern portion of California, and in the re-
gion stretching thence up to the north of the Sal- 1
mon river, in the Territory of Washington,, ^re
stimulating the mining enterprise of that region
beyond all former precedent. : - -
Before the discovery of the gold of Califovma
the annual production of gold in all parts of the
world did not exceed an average of eighteen mil-
lions. The present annual production in Califor-
nia is estimated to average seventy millions. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office, after
extensive inquiry from all available sources of in-
formation, estimates the production of gold the
present year from the whole region of country be-
fore described at one hundred millions. If an
amount of labor relatively equal to that expended
in California, had been applied to the gold fields
already known to exist outside of that State, it is
believed that the production of this year, includ-"
ing that of California, would have exceeded four
hundred millions.
Our rapidly increasing public debt demands a,
resort to every available source of revenue. The
mineral lands of the public domain are the prop-
erty of the whole people, and justice, as well as
sound policy, requires that they should be used
as a means of relieving them, to some extent,
from the burdens of taxation.
Several modes have been suggested for making
these lands productive to the Government. The
grantingof leases by the Government, the collec-
tion of a certain proportion of the proceeds of the
mines, and the absolute sale of the land, in small
lots, have each been advocated. It has been es-
timated thatat least$500,000,000could be realized
by the sale of them in one acre lots, after granting
to those who are now engaged in mining a clear
title, without cost, to the lands they occupy. It
will be for Congress to determine which, if either,
of these systems shall be adopted.
It isdue to those who are nowengaged in mining
that their interests, and the capital they have invest-
ed, should receive a proper degree of protection.
I invito attention to the able report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office upon this
subject, and the infoimation which, with much
labor, he has collected in relation to the mineral
lallds' Coal.
Besides the precious metals which exist in such
large quantities, extensive coal fields have been
discovered, many of which are accessible by nav-
igable streams. Our vessels in the Pacific are
now supplied with coal purchased in Pennsylva-
nia and shipped to San Francisco and other points
on the Pacific coast. The cost of the coal, with
the freight and expense of loading and unloading
at those points, amounts to nearly, if not quite,
twenty dollars per ton. While the Government
is paying so laige a price for coal; extensive coal
mines are found to exist on the public lands within
forty miles of S<m Francisco, and within five miles
of the Joaquin river, which is navigable with ves-
sels of a large ciass.
These mines are styled the Mount Diablo coal
mines. It is represented that the principal rein
is located aboutonc miie east from MountDiabio,
in a low range of hills; thence, running east, six
miles; thence, with the course of the hills, duo
south, twelve niiies. As far as prospected, the
vein appears to be about five feet jn thickness.
The coal is being taken out in large quantities,
and is readily sold at twelve dollars per ton.
From these mines the vessels of the United
States in the Pacific can be fully supplied with coal
at the cost of mining and transporting it to San
Francisco. It is hoped that the attention of Con-
gress will be early given to tins subject, and that
such legislation will be adopted as will secure an
ample supply for the use of the Government,and
a fair compensation for the coal which may be
taken for private use.
public lands of texas.
By the joint lv&solution of March 1, 1845, an-
nexing Texas to the United States, the Slate was
allowed to retain her public lands as a fund to pay
her debts. Notwithstanding the express stipu-
lation in that resolution, that the United States
should in no event assume the payment of any
portion of the debts of Texas, the demands of her
creditors were persistently pressed upon Con-
gress, upon various pretexts, until Congress, by
the act of September 9, 1850, agreed to p?iy the
sum of$10j(K)u;$H), which was subsequently^sid.
