658
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
January 31,
reference to which I will say a word or two. It
is alleged with great unanimity by gentlemen from
the holder States and by our Democratic friends,
that this measure will create alarm and apprehen-
sion in the border States, and discontent in the
Army; and, especially, that it will further alien-
ate the people of the free States from the support
of the Administration, and serve only to excite
and imbitter a partisan feeling among the people
at large. I ndmit, sir, that there is force in this
argument, not because of its intrinsic justice, but
simply because the argument appeals to those pas-
sions and prejudices which, however unreasonable,
have had for years past so potent an influence m
shaping the destinies of the Republic. This con-
temptible bugbear, that this is a measure forced
upon the country in furtherance of a scheme to
enforce and establish an equality, social and polit-
ical, between the white and black race, would de-
Bervenothingbutcontempt.had we notbeen taught
by the lessons of experience and by every page of
lift world's history that it" is the part of a wise and
discreet stMeaman to deal with men and legislate
for men w* careful reference to what they really
are, with all their passions, follies, and prejudices
upon them, not with reference to what they ought
to be. I am inclined to think that this objection,
though worthy of careful consideration, is much
exaggerated by the opponents of this bill.
How is it now in the Navy?, There has never
been anywhere, except in Congress, any aversion
to the employment of black or colored seamen on
board of the United States vessels of war; and
the uniform testimony hajhbecn in favor of their
good conduct and efficiency in such service. It
is true that our white seamen have not often had
the opportunity of-feading the debates in Con-
gress or articles in the newspapers demonstrating
the degradation to which they have been subjected
in serving on board the same ship with a colored
person. \ know well how easy it is, if you will but
tell a man from day to day that he has been dis-
graced, insulted, or abused, to induce him to believe
it. Fortunately for the inteiests of the country,
our seamen have beeen mostly out of the reach of
congressional debates and newspaper articles, and
that may account for the peaceable and harmo-
nious cooperation on shipboard of white and col-
ored seamen. Now, whether the colored man will
make a good soldier, whether he will be of any
considerable service in this great exigency of the
Republic, I have no means of judging beyond
those of every man in this House. We have all,
I suppose, but a limited information on that sub-
ject. Hut I do not think, sir, that from the mere
fact that Congress authorizes the enlistment of the
negro, it is to he inferred or taken for granted that
the white people of the loyal States cannot crush
this rebellion, as asserted by the gentleman from
Kentucky. I do not think that this measure can
justly or propei ly afford any evidence in the pub-
lic mind that the loyal white population are not
fully adequate to the task of sustaining the Gov-
ernmental! vindicating the laws. I therefore can-
not agree with the two gentlemen from Kentucky,
that the passage of this bill would be a confes-
sion on tne part of the free people of the North
that they cannot sustain the Government and ulti-
mately conquer an honorable peace. Have we
not the right to bring to the support of the Gov-
ernment whatever will aid i tin this cause ? If these
negroes can give us one particle of help, why
shall wc not have it? It is no answer to say that
the white people of the North have strength enough
to suppress this rebellion. The question is, how
best can the rebellion be speedily suppressed?
If this bill will help to accomplish that object,
then it ought to be passed. It is the duty of the
Government not onlv to suppress this rebellion,
but to suppress it quickly, and for that purpose to
make use of every instrumentality winch God and
piovidence and the rules of civilized war offer us.
A few words in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio, [?vlr. Pendleton,] who has just addressed
the House upon this subject. I understood him
to say—and if I misunderstood him he will cor-
rect me—that of all these bills, and the various
amendments to them, he preferred that of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, and,
as I inferred from his remaiks, though not pre-
rending to quote his language, because it was most
odious and most outspoken.
Mr, PENDLETON. The gentleman will ex-
"vif.o inc. I did not say I preferred it be/ ause it was
the most odious, but because it expressed in lan-
guage that which in the other bills and substitutes
and amendments, except those offered by the gen-
tleman from New-York, [Mr. Diven,] the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] and the j
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Porter,] was left i
to intendment and construction. |
Mr. OLIN. I did not hear the gentleman fully.
Will he repeat to the House why it was that he
preferred the bill of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] to all the others?
Mr. PENDLETON. The reason why I pre-
ferred that was this: that, with the exception
which I have mentioned, all the bills provided for
the enlistment of slaves as well as freemen; the
slaves of loyal men as well as disloyal; and for
the establishment of recruiting depots in slave-
holding States. His bill provided for that ex-
pressly, whereas the others did it by intendment
and construction. I therefore preferred the bill
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, because it
was more frank and outspoken.
Mr. OLfN. Then, Mr. Speaker, with this ex-
planation, 1 have not very much misrepresented
the gentleman from Ohio. It amounts to this, that
the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
frank and outspoken upon all the points in refer-
ence to which the gentleman from Ohio was bit-
terly and openly opposed; and he prefers that a
bill shall he presented to this House which shall
engross more of the public hostility and hatred
than any other bill upon this subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I fear very much that the
gentleman, in giving utterance to a sentiment like
that, most unwittingly betrays the spirit with
which he now tenders his aid to the General Gov-
ernment in this hour of her trial. Is it the part
of you or of me, Air. Speaker, at this hour, to
attempt to subserve this or that party purpose
without reference to the common good? Is it the
part of patriotism to seek to render any bill that
may L>e passed by this House as hateful as pos-
sible, in order that it may become the subject of
popular clamor and odium out of it? Would
not the gentleman better employ his great talent,
which wo have all witnessed and admired; would
he not better satisfy the promptings of his own
heart, in an effort to make every act of legislation
of this House conform as near as possible to the
dictates of his own judgment and the wants of the
nation? If it was odious, could he not make a
patriotic effort to render it less so; if it was defec-
tive, should he not bring his talents to cure those
defects? But, sir, I regret to say, I am compelled
to say, that the temper and spirit the gentleman
from Ohio hnscvinced has been too often brought
to the consideration of most of the measures
brought before this House during the present ses-
sion. I regret it. I have not indulged in it, and
[ will not indulge m it. However limited my
abilities may be, they shall be brought into requi-
sition only to subserve what I believe to be for the
best interest of the eounh y, and not of a party.
Now, the gentleman ventures the opinion that
if this bill passes it will render a restoration of the
Union impossible. Well, sir, this is the individ-
ual opinion of the gentleman, entitled, doubtless,
to great weight with this House, certainly en-
titled to weight with me, or I would not have
mentioned it. But, before any great impoitance
is attached to the opinion, I beg the House to re-
member that ordinarily acts of legislation do not
escape the observation of the gentleman from Oitio.
He will not say to the House that he was unaware
last July that this precise measure, in all its mag-
nitude, in all its scope, and with all the authority
now proposed to be conferred upon the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of War, was then enacted
into law. How does it happen that the gentleman,
ever wate.hful of the public interest, did not dis-
cover that in July last the Union received iis
death wound ? I think I can tell you the reason,
Mr. Speaker. I think I can tell you the reason
why measures which last July wereeithor harm-
less or necessary in the opinion of some gentle-
men are now professedly regarded as most per-
nicious. There is now a persistent effort made
by the gentleman, and those in concert with him,
on every occasion to throw every obstacle m the
way of, and if possible to bind the arms of the
Administration, and prevent the successful pros-
ecution of this -war,and, having in this way par-
alyzed its efforts, then to denounce it before the
people for a want of energy and ability in the con-
duct of the war, and thereby seek to ride into
power.
Sir, the men who, in the State of New York,
to-day occupy its high places, obtained them un-
der the delusive promise of urging a more vigor-
ous prosecution of the war, and a more honest,
faithful discharge of public trusts. We know that
these pretenses on the part of the leodeis in this
movement are false and delusive. The people
will hold these men to a strict and rigid fulfill-
ment of their pledges and promises, and woe to
that man or that party who attempts to betray
them or their cause, "they will find, when the
great popular heart is touched upon this subject,
that its pulse is still loyal and patriotic, and that
they will spurn from their midst those who de-
ceive or betray as they would the worst enemies
of our race.
I desired to say one word to my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Davis,] who, perhaps, has
left the House. It may not, however, be very im-
portant that he should hearme,but I nevertheless
wish to say it to the House. I think it is exceed-
ing bad taste, and I always regret to hear it ut-
tered, that this war must be a war of subjugation
of the one section or the other. Now, there are not
manyprophets in these days, as we have learned,
from high examples during the few years past,
that the gift of prophecy is withheld in these latter
days. 1 venture to affirm,however, that when this
war is prosecuted for any other purpose _ than a,
restoration of the Union, under the Constitution,
it becomes a wicked war, justified by no principle,
human or divine. I said that early in this con-
troversy, and I repeat it now. The only justifi-
cation, m the sight of Heaven and our countrymen,
and in the sight of posterity, will be, that we fight
these battles in vindication of the Constitution and
the laws; and the moment you depart from that
purpose you sully and dishonor the great cause,
and when'some future Tacitus shall write the his-
tory of this disastrous period, he will close With
the melancholy reflectionthal this was an age of great
events and of little men. Let us hear no more said
upon the subjugation of anybody, but strive and
piay that we"may see our arms successful in the
vindication of the laws.
I have indulged the hope that when this cursed
tyranny which now presses upon the people of
many of the slave States is lifted from thorn by
the strong arm of the Government, they will come
around the old flog with tears in their eyes and
thank you as their deliverers. While I would treat
with as much severity as would any man m this
House the men who have been foremost in insti-
gating and ace carrying on this rebellion , its lead-
ers, 1 would not treat a whole people with all the
condign punishment which ought to be meted out
to Davis and his immediate followers; and for
this simple reason, that the Government has not
afforded them that protection for their homes and
firesides which it owed them. We seem to forget
that. I think, Mr. Speaker, that, in a measure of
this sort, the gentlemen from the slave States who
are familiar with all the social relations and con-
ditions of that people are entitled to be heard on this
subject and their viewscalnily considered, and that
thcyshould not be taunted, constantly taunted,as
being disloyal to the Government—men, too, who
have periled their all for the love of the Union. It
has been an easy matter, sir, for you and me, Mr.
Speaker, to give in our adhesion to the old flag.
It would havrt been a pretty difficult thing, m my
neighborhood, to have avoided it. Some tried it;
but the attempt was found too pei ilous and aban-
doned. We cannot very well alford, until we have
taken up a musket at least, and bared our breast
to the storm, to vaunt our p.miotism. Much less
can we afford to denounce others who have given
their adherence to the Union when such adhesion
put their livew and all they held dear in peril.
Sir, I dislike all this soit of thing. I have been
in this House some six years, and 1 shall soon
retire from it,God willing, with more satisfaction
than I entered it. 1 sh'all carry with me the con-
solation that I have done what little I could to
bring all the friends of the Union to strive unitedly
for its restoration. What little I could do 1 have
done. How feebly that was performed no one
knows better than myself. I have now sakl all
that I desire to say in legard to this measure.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is more than two years
since the secession of South Carolina was an-
nounced to this House—two ye^rs of gloom to the
