APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 29,
31tii Com...3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Keps.
The liberality of the United States has met with
no other return than treason and insurrection, and
the robbery of the property for which the Govern-
ment had paid a full consideration. The consider-
ation was paid, too, after an express stipulation,
in the compact of annexation, that the property
.should be ceded to the United States without any
other consideration• than the privilege of being
"admitted as one of the States of the Confederacy.
A large portion of the public lands of Texas
remains unsold. It is estimated that the quantity
is equal to one hundred million acres. Uiey are
among the best agricultural lands of the State.
These lands are a proper subject of confiscation.
The people of the State, by their treason, have
forfeited all right to them. In no State has treason
been more rampant and defiant, more cruel and
bloody, than in Texas. In no State have loyal
citizens been persecuted with more rancor and
hatred than there. These lands being the prop-
erty of the whole people of Texas, cannot be
reached, as the property of individuals, under the
several acts of Congress for the suppression of the
rebellion, but may be confiscated to the United
States by an act of Congress.
It is recommended that an act shall be passed
declaring the public lands of Texas forfeited to
the United States, and placing them under the op-
eration of die homestead law. They will then
be settled by a loyal and industrious population,
which will rapidly develop the great natural re-
sources of the State, and furnish a guarantee
against treason in the future.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
The administration of the business of the In-
dian Bureau has been attended with unusual diffi-
culties during the past year. Most of the Indian
tribes with which treaties) have been made (ex-
■cepting the tribes in Kansas) have manifested a
restless and turbulent spirit, developed, in many
instances, into open hostilities.
The Indian country south of Kansas, inhabited
by the Chorokees, Chickasaws, Ohoctaws, and
Seminoles, was occupied by the insurgents very
soon after the commencement of the war. The
Indians, overawed by a strong military force in
their midst, and seeing no prospect of aid or
protection from the troops of the United States,
renounced their allegiance to the Federal Govern-
ment, and made treaties with the insurgent gov-
ernment. By (hose treaties thalgovernmentngreed
to pay them the same amount of annuities which
they had previously received from the United
States, and there is good reason to believe that
one or more of the installments have been paid.
A large number of the Indians were organized
into regiments, and placed in the insurgent army.
A portion of them, who refused to participate in
this insurrectionary movement, attempted to re-
sist it by force, but after two or three engage-
ments were driven from the country.
About seven thousand, including women and
children, (led to Kansas. They were driven out
during the last winter, and having no shelter to
protect them from the weather, and being very
indifferently supplied with clothing, they were
exposed to extreme suffering, and many of tlie'm
perished from cold. They wire destitute of food,
and must have died from starvation if subsistence
had not been furnished to them by the Indian Bu-
reau. During the last spring three regiments of
the refugee Indians were organized under the di-
rections of the War Department, with the expect-
ation that they would be suit to the Indian coun-
try, and be aided by such additional forces as
would be sufficient to protect them in their homes.
They have since been detailed for military duties
in some other portion of the country. In the mean
time the women and children still remain in Kan-
sas^nd are subsisted from the annuities due to fhe
insurrectionary tribes under treaty stipulations.
The principal chiefof the Chcrokees has visited
Washington for the purpose of endeavoring toje-
store the former relation of the nation to the Uni-
ted States. He insists that they have been guilty
of no voluntary disloyalty, and that what they
have done they did under the pressure of superior
force, which they were unable to resist. The fu-
ture relations of these tribes to the Government
should be determined by Congress.
In the month of August last, the Sioux Indians
in Minnesota most unexpectedly commenced hos-
tilities against the white settlers in their vicinity,
and prosecuted them with a degree of cruelty and
barbarity scarcely paralleled by any acts of In-
dian warfare since the first settlement of this
country. Men, women, and helpless children
were indiscriminately slaughtered. Women were
violated in the presence of their husbands and
parents, and subsequently murdered; houses were
burned, and every species of property destroyed
or stolen. A large extent of country, in an ad-
vanced stage of improvement, was rendered ut-
terly desolate. It is estimated that the number
of lives destroyed by the s'Uvages is not less than
eight hundred. This outbreak was so sudden
and unexpected that the settlers were taken by
surprise, and were found without the means of
resistance or defense. No effectual check could
be given to the Indians until a force of two thou-
sand men, under the command of General H. H.
Sibley, was sent from St. Paul, the capital of the
State. The Indians were defeated by General
Sibley in two or three engagements, and finally
dispersed.
The Sioux Indians are connected with kindred
tribes, extending from the Mississippi river, and
bordering upon the British possessions, to the
Rocky mountains. The various tribes, united,
can bring into the field ten thousand warriors.
They are supplied with arms and ammunition to
a considerable extent. They have it in their
power to inflict great injury upon the white set-
tlements throughout that whole region; and,with-
out the presence of a large military force, may
entirely destroy them. Their proximity to the
Butish possessions would enable them to escape
pursuit by crossing the line, where our troops
could not follow them.
The press has announced that the Indian war
is ended. It is true that active warfare, in the
field, has ceased, and the Indians are unable to
resist the organized troops of the Government;
but they have it in their power to break up all
the white settlements and depopulate an extensive
region of country, unless a large military force
shall lie kept llieic.
The causes of the Indian hostilities in Minne-
sota have been a subject of much discussion.
After a careful examination of all the data which
the Indian Bureau has been able to obtain, bear-
ing upon the causes which produced the imme-
diate outbreak, 1 am satisfied that the chief cause
is to lie found in the insurrection of the southern
States.
On the 29tli of August, I8G2, Hon. J. R. Gid-
dings, United States consul general in Canada,
addressed a letter to the Secretary of State, in
which ho said: ''There is little doubt that the
recent outbreak of the Chippewa Indians in the
Northwest has resulted from the efforts of seces-
sion agents, opeiatingthrough Canadian Indians
and fur trailers. To what extent citizens of Can-
ada are involved 1 am unable to say."
This statement is confirmed by information ob-
tained from other sources.
As early as the 5th of August last, the super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Utah wrote to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs that several
prominent chiefs were endeavoring to effect a
general rising of the tribes in that region, to ex-
terminate the white settlers.
On the Jfith of August the agent of the Overland
Mail Company telegraphed the Postmaster Gen-
eral that "general war with nearly all the tribes of
Indians east of the Missouri river is close at hand."
The evidence of a general hostile disposition on
the part of the Indians was so strong that this
Depaitment consideied it proper to instruct the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to publish an ad-
vertisement, warning the public of the dangers
likely to be encountered on fhe overland route to
the Pacific.
Ilev. P. J. De Smet, an intelligent Catholic
priest, in a letter to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, dated September 5, stated: "While in
the upper plains of the Missouri river last June
and July, at Fort Rarthold, among the Gros Ven-
tres, the Ricarees, and Mandans, at Fort Union
among the Assinniboines, and at Fort Benton
among the Blackfeet Indians, I heard it frequently
stated by American traders that the Indians of the
plains had been greatly tampered with by the
English traders along the boundary line, and ex-
pected to assist them in the then expected war be-
tween Great Britain and the United States. This
excitement took place when the news reached the
upper country of the difficulties created between
the two countries by the arrest of Slidell and Ma-
son. A great number of Indians of the various
tribes had been induced to come and trade their
furs on the British side of the line, and were prom-
ised that they would be provided, in due time, with
all that was necessary to expel the Americans
from their Indian country."
Itis alleged by persons who were present at the
attack upou Fort Ridgely by the Sioux that orders
were heard distinctly given in English, and re-
peated in the Sioux language. The movements
and attacks of the Indians, itis said, indicated the
presence and guidance of persons familiar with the
mode of civilized warfare.
For some time previous to the commencement
of hostilities emissaries were sent through the
several tribes, with the wampum, to incite them
to ageneial attack upon the white settlements. It
is a significant fact that United States soldiers, who
were made prisoners by the confederate forces,
were compelled to sign a parole containing a stip-
ulation that they should not engage in service
against Indians.
Many of the Indians were dissatisfied with the
treaties by which they had agreed to part with
their lands. They complained that they had been
deprived of their hunting grounds and of the
means of subsistence. They also complained of
alleged frauds on the pait of Indian agents and
traders, some of which may have been well
founded, but many were doubtless groundless.
These complaints were aggravated and increased
by insidious and false representations made by
traders whose licenses had been revoked, and
who were smarting under the deprivation of the
profits they had been accustomed to make from
their traffic with the Indians. These causes com-
bined had for some time tended to produce a spirit
of discontent and insubordination in the Indians.
Therepresentation through southern emissaries
that the troops of the United States had been de-
feated in several battles, and that the Government
of the United States was destroyed and would be
unable to resist them, suggested the time as favor-
able for an effort to recover their lands and to
gratify their desire for vengeance upon the whites.
But although the Indians had been for a long
time harboring hostile designs, and providing arms
and ammunition, the settlers in their vicinity, un-
suspecting of danger, had made no provision for
defense, and were wholly unprepared for the at-
tack. It is alleged that the onslaught upon the
whites was precipitated earlier than was intended,
by a sudden raid of a band of fourSioux. These
men, in roaming through the country, obtained
some whisky from a white man, and, becoming
intoxicated, engaged in a controversy about their
comparative bravery, when they agreed that the
one who should first kill a white man should be
regarded as the bravest. They soon afterwards
attacked and killed several white men whom they
met. They then fled to their village and reported
what had occurred. Little Crow, the principal
chief, and his band, expecting retaliation by the
whites for this outrage, determined immediately
to commence the attack they had long been con-
templating.
The next morning from two hundred and fifty
to three hundred Indians, headed by Little Crow,
proceeded to the agency and engaged in an indis-
criminate slaughter of all the whites they could
find. They continued their attacks upon the
white settlements with the utmost ferocity, until
they were defeated by the forces under the com-
mand of General Sibley.
The Chippewas, although they have committed
no hostilities beyond the plunder and destruction
of some property, have for some time past mani-
fested a spirit of discontent, and assumed a threat-
ening attitude. Charges of fraud were made by
the chiefs against the United States agents for the
tribe. Steps have been taken to investigate these
charges, and ascertain whether they are well
founded. Very soon after the commencement of
hostilities, the agent left the reservation greatly ex-
cited and alarmed, and committed suicide.
The Winnebagoes have been charged with mani-
