1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
country, and of horrible darkness to the South.
Unlike those who, on principle, shut their eyes
and turn their backs upon the past, I shall attempt
to penetrate it, and study it for the benefit of my
immediate constituents, and from their point of
view.
One of the most obvious and striking facts is
the utter falsehood of those who inaugurated this
terrible reign of anarchy and misrule—falsehood
in recounting the past, falsehood m expounding
the present, and falsehood in prognosticating the
future, 1 cannot forbear repeating a remark made
to me in this city on the 5th of March, 18GI, by
a gentleman then and for many years a member
of this House from the State of Virginia, that se-
cession was nothing but the effect of a monstrous
system of lying;. How these men falsified then-
own conduct and motives is pretty weli under-
stood. How they maligned the great body of the
northern people ought to be equally clear, not
only the party who, by theirown contrivance, had
accidentally succeeded to the administration of the
Federal Government, but their opponents, who,
they told us, had promised them to fight for them
in case of war. They knew, or ought to have
known, that the very men who had been most
ready to make concessions for the preservation of
the tJnion, would, of all others, fight the hardest
to preserve it when it was manifest that nothing
but fighting could save it. They knew, or ought
to have known, that the northern men who would
consent, on any terms, to the disruption and de-
nationalization of their country were too contempt-
ible m numbers and too infamous in character
to influence results—that their proportion to the
whole population was not a hundredth part as
great as that of Judas Lscariot to his fellow-dis-
ciples, men and women all told.
Much of their falsehood may charitably be im-
puted to their ignorance. For never was a set of
men,*who arrogated the title of statesmen, and
who had so long held the position of statesmen,
that knew so Iittte of the people or the resources
of the country they had been concerned in govern-
ing. Hence, when they told us the northern men
were a race of cowards and would not tight, they
probably believed it; when they assured us that
one southern man was the equal in fight of five
Yankees, or abolitionists, as they contemptuously
and indiscriminately callali northern troops, they
may have believed that; when they declared that
all we of the South had to do was to show a bold
front, and the North would back down, their past
experience may have led them to believe this also;
when they urged forward the volunteers, with the
prospect of seizing Washington m a few weeks,
and thence passing swiftly on through Philadel-
phia, to plunder the vaults of Wall street, oml the
stoies of Broadway, it is by no means certain that
they did notindulge in such delusions; when they
asserted, with the late Sectetary of the Inteiior,
" that the North is dependent on the South for its
prosperity, the South is not dependent on the North
for anything necessary to her material welfare,^it
is very likely that they had heard the same thing
repeated so often without contradiction as to sup-
pose it to be true; when they told us that a suspen-
sion of southern tradeand pat roriage with the North
would be attended with starvation and bread riots
in northern cities, they little thought that in less
than twelve months they themselves would be re-
sorting to every dirty shift and contemptible device
to resume as much of the old trade as would keep
them from nakedness and starvation*, when they
proclaimed that these same Yankees " are great on
cheap devices for manufacturing; on building and
working steam engines, and all sorts of mechan-
ical contrivances; on organizing magnificent ho-
tels on thievish principles; making wooden clocks
and wooden nutmegs, and 'notions5 geneially;
but when you come to statesmanship find gen-
eralship—the capacity for empire—that's beyond
their bend;"* it is not clear that a blind self-esteem
and an equally blind contempt for their neighbois
did not combine to give credit m their minds to the
assertion; when they cried cotton was king, and
would force recognition and obedience not only
from their servile fellow-countrymen, who de-
pended for a livelihood upon theiril talent for base
mechanics," but from the rulers of the civilized
world, they conceived themselves but uttering one
of the first principles of our political economy.
r Kichniond Wlug, July I'-i, 18(51.
Indeed, the ignorance of this lordly and insolent
oligarchy is equaled only by its ineffable baseness.
I say this oligarchy, for it is known that the
men who concoctcd and now control the thing
they call the southern confederacy, are not as
numerous, in point of fact, as the figures on a
chess-boatd. It is eminently a close corpora-
tion, and was so intended to be. The men who
compose it are for the most part the same clique
well known for years in this city as claimingex-
clusive jurisdiction over the Democratic party,
and as assuming such absolute authority over
"the South," that even now a great many peo-
ple suppose there are no other persons of con-
sequence in that part of the country. The late
Mr. Douglas, the great leader of the northern
Democracy, understood them thoroughly, and
ceased not until the close of his life to make war
upon them. Thereaie those within the reach of
my voice whit also knew them, and can testify
to then utter perfidy, who have been the victims
of their want of principle, and whose self-respect
has suffered from their insolent and overbear-
ing demeanor. They, like a ceitain school of
ancient philosophers, had two sets of principles
or doctrines, an exoteric and an esoteric; one for
outsiders, the other for themselves; the one was
" Democratic principles" for the Democratic
party; the other was their own, and without a
name. No northern man. was ever admitted to
their confidence, and no southern man, unless
it became necessary to keep up their numbers,
and then not until he was thoroughly known
by them, and known to be thoroughly corrupt.
Some northern men, and many southern men
were, after a fashion, pitted and patronized by
them, as a gentleman throws from his table a
bone or a choice bit to a favorite dog; and they
imagined they were conferring great favor there-
by, which could be requited only by the abject
servility of the dog. To hesitate, to doubt, to
hold back, to stop, was to call down a stonn of
wiath that few men had the nerve to encounter,
and still fewer the strength to withstand. Not
only in the political circles, but in social life,
their rule was inexorable, their tyranny absolute.
God be thanked for the biave men whft had the
courage to meet them and bid them defiance, first
at Charleston, m April, lbOO, and then at Balti-
more in June. To them is due the credit of de-
claring war against this intolerable despotism.
Many of us who were here in the winter follow-
ing the presidential election had an opportunity
to observe somewhat of the workings of the con-
spiracy. The debates of the two Houses read
curiously by tlu- light of subsequent events. That
the whole plan of operations eliminated in this city,
and all the movements were directed from heie,
there is the most conclusive evidence. On the
morning of the 11th of Januaiyy, 1801, appeared in
the leading column of the National Intelligencer
an article of a eharactei so remarkable that! can-
not foibearto invite the attention of the House
and of the country to it:
ls Dutmon Programme.—The subjoined communica-
tion. fli-olic- msr the designs of those who have undertake!) to
lead tlii- iiiovt ment now thieatennig a peimannnt di-^oiu-
1 ion of the I'moil, comes to n--, from a diMin«;nihh«,d citizen
oi the Houth, who (<  met !y rcpte-^nteii his ritate wilti great
distinction in the popular branch ot Congie^s. Teinpoianly
sojoununc: m tin* ehy, he ha- heroine authentically in-
foini' ti of tin- ta'M.-1 icit.-d in He- im loomed lettei, u hich he
communicate- to u-? under a seine of duty, and (or the ac-
curacy ot winch he makes hlm>elt responsible. Motluug
bur assurances coming tiom Mich an intelligent, reliable
.source could induce us to accept the authenticity of the-c
Martinis statement-, which ^o d< epl\ concern not only the
weifan bur the honor of the HMithem people To them we
submit, without present comment, the programme to wiueh
they are expected to weld then implicit adiie-ion, without
any -eruples of conscience a*-, without any tegard to their
own :
" v Wasiiivotov. January 9, 1 SGI.
i(<\ cftatg" tit at on Ian Saturday ritgut a crucii« was Ik Id
in tin* cit\ by the ^outheru secession ^enaiots from Florida,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, T.*ouiM<iua, Arkan-as, ami
Texa*. It \v.h then and there 'i evolved it) efl< to assume
to themselves the political power of the youth, and to con-
trol all the political and military operations for the present;
they te-lcjrapbt-d to complete the plan of seizing !"it«, ar
eenal<-, and custom houses, and adviac<1 the conventions
now in se^ion, and roon to assemble, to pa?-; ordinances
for Immediate sccesMon ; but, in order to tlnvart any oper-
ations of the Government hero, the convention^ of the Ac-
ceding States ate to retain tiieh lepresentationsin the Sen-
ate and the House.
" * They al-o advised, oiderrj, nr directed the -i«s<;('nibling
of a convention of delegates fiom the seeding State-; at
Montgomery on the Ultimo! February. Tln< can,ot course^
only be donp by the revolulionarv conventions imnplngthe
povwMij of the p-ople, mid sending delegate ov.'i whom
they will lose all control in the establishment of a provls-
ional government, which Is the plan of the dictators. 3 ' ^
"' This caucus also resolved to take the most effectual
means to dragoon the Legislatures of Tennessee, Kentucky,
Missouri, Arkansas, Texiw,ami Virginia into following the
seceding States. Matylaud Is also to he influenced by sucft
appeals to popular passion a«s havu led to the revolutionary
step*- which promise a conflict with the State and Federal
Governments in Texas.
1 They have possessed themselves of all the avenues of
information in the Fouth—the telegraph, the press?, and the
general control of the postmasters!. They also confidently
roiv upon defections in the Army and Navy.
u * The spectacle here presented is staitling to contem-
plate. Senators intrusted with the representative sover-
eignty of the States, and sworn to support the Constitution
of the United States, while yet acting as the privy counci-
lors ot'tlie f'icsident, and anxiously looked toby their con-
stituents to effect some practical plan of adjustment, de-
liberately conceive a eonsp^acy for the overtiuow of the
(iovernment ; through the military organizations, the dan-
tretonssecret order, the Knightsoftho Golden Circle,*' com-
mittees of safety," southern leagues,and other agencies at
their command ihey have instituted as thorough a military
and civil despotism as ever cursed a mandened country.
u< It is not difficult, to foresee the form of government
which a convention thu« hurriedly thiown toeeilirr at Mont-
gomery will irrevocably fasten upon a deluded and unsus-
pecting people. It must essentially heiJ a monarchy founded
upon militaty principle*," or it cannot endure. Those who
usutp power wvet (ail to torge strong chums.
u ' It may lie too fate to sound the alarm. Nothing may he
able to an est the action of r'evolutionaiy tribunate whose
decrees are principally in "secret sessions." But T call
upon the people to pau^c and reflect befou* they are forced to
surrendei every ptineiple of liberty, or to fight tho->e who
are becoming their masters rather than their servants.
"'EATON.1
" As confnming the intelligence furnished by our inform-
ant we may cite the following extract from the Washington
coirespondence of yesterday5* Baltimore Sun :
" ' The leaders of the southern movement are consulting
as to the best mode of consolidating their interests into a
confederacy under a ptovisional governments The plan ii
to make Senator Hunter, of Virginia, provisional president,
and Jefferson Davis commander-in-chief of the army of de-
fense. Mr. Hunter possesses in a more eminent degree the
philosophical characteristics of Jeil'erson than any other
statesman now living. Colonel Davn is a graduate of West
Point, was distinguished for gallantly at Buena Vista, and
served as Secretary of War under President Pierce, and is
not second to General ticott in military science or cour-
age.'"
The disclosures here made were never denied,
so far 1 ever heard, and we now have the best
reason to know ihey wero true. And yet they
failed to excite scarce a remark either in this city
or elsewhere; and no inquiry in relation to them
was ever moved in either House. Such was the
appalling hebetude of the popular sense, and such
the fatal security of public men, that flagrant trea-
son failed to occasion the least alarm. "While
men slept, the enemy came and sowed tores.'*
The country was indeed asleep; and we, as usual,
were amuaing ourselves with the negro question.
Possibly history may excuse that mistake as of
men incredulous of such enormous wickedness.
To be caught a second time in the same way,
would justly subject us, in the eyes of mankind,
to the condemnation of the sentinel asleep at his
post. I cannot forbear from repeating a single
paragraph; and only wish it were in my power
to read it to evuiy man, woman, and child in the
South;
" ft H not difficult to foresee the fot m of government which
a convention thus, huruedly thrown together at Montgom-
eiv will irrevocably fasten upon a deluded and unsuspect-
ing people. It mn-t e-<«en!iall\ be a ' inonarchv founded
upon milnai y pi mciplf-,'* or it cannot endute. Those who
: usuip power never latl to toigc strong chains."
V/e who Iwe in that region understand the full
; foree of the apothegm, " those who usurp po\Vcr
never fail to forge strong chains."
This band of conspirators, bearded, thwarted,
exposed, defeated by the patriot soldier, beott,
Red from the capital to Montgomery, and there
schemed the southern confederacy. By means of
a slate of popular feeling in the South, for which
the credit is due exclusively to the abolitionists,
they were permitted to gather from the turbulent,
the discontented, the adventurers, the thought-
less, the young and ardent, a considerable mili-
tary force, at first without any very definite pur-
pose, except the geneial one of defense, after Fori
Sumter, forthe " rights"and " independence,,of
the South. Once begun, their army grew apace,
until it was sufficient to control the whole com-
munity, unarmed and unorganized nsitwas. By
what means State governments wt*re either bent
to their purpose or deposed and crushed out, is
well enough known to all who had the opportu-
nity to obsetve; and how, in this way, the pop-
ular habit of obedience to law and to the regular
and customary authorities, was madesubsidiary.
There now was little difficulty in increasing their
