1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mb
midst of secession. The extent of their suffer-
ings and the utter failure of the Government to
afford them protection must be my apology for
another reference to them.
That portion of Tennessee from the western
slope of the Cumberland mountains eastward, has
long been known, politically and geographically,
as East Tennessee. It comprises something more
than thirty counties, and in territory and popu-
lation differs not materially from the States of
New Hampshire and Vermont. It is divided into
three congressional districts, and one of its citi-
zens (Governor Johnson) was a Senator. Duiing
the struggles preliminary to the present war, the
people, by immense majorities,espoused the cause
of the Federal Government, and avowed their de-
termined hostility to secession. Foreseeing the
rugged issue of arms, they, as early as May and
June, 1861, organized themselves into military
companies, to the number, probably, of fifteen
thousand, assembling once a week or oftener,
more for consultation and mutual encouragement
than for drill. Arms and ammunition they had
none, nor officers skillful to organize and instruct
men as soldiers, but looked to their Government
to furnish them a supply. These were the pop-
ular masses, the yeomanry of the country, most
of those whom they had been wont to regard as
leaderseitherhavingjoined the rebellion or shrunk
from the grave responsibility of actively opposing
it. Prior to the first battle of Bull Run, the course
of military operations had inspired the rebels with
mortal terror, and left them little opportunity for
annoyance beyond outrages upon the people along
the railroad, iry the soldieis in their transit through
from the Soutn west into Virginia. The unhoped-
for success of that ill-starred day infused a degree
of venom and ferocity into their movements that
may well bo called fiendish. From that time the
condition of our people, unarmed and defenseless,
gresv every day more wretched and desperate.
Confident of their own ability for self protec-
tion, could they but meet their oppressors on equal
terms, many of them fled to Kentucky to obtain
the arms and material of war, which they de-
spaired of being sent to them. The clamors of the
secessionists and the protests of the timid Union-
ists of that State prevailing, such aid was denied
them; and it was seriously proposed to expel them
from its limits. But the sympathy of the people
of Kentucky,* always in advance even of their
leaders and of their press, prevailed; the refugees
were welcomed to their hospitality and were
speedily organized as soldiers, in the hope of being
led under the auspices of the Government to the
relief of their homes and neighbors. By degrees
their ranks have swelled until they number full
ten thousand. On the 18th of Juno last, they seized
the stronghold of Cumberland Gap, and were
cheered with the hope of being ordered forward
at once to redeem their country. But week after
week of hope deferred passed away; they were
permitted to be surrounded and their supplies cut
off. The rebels looked upon them as alieady in
their power; and began, by anticipation, to visit
their vengeance upon them, not as prisoners of
war, but as traitois to the southern confederacy.
Tin ir courage did not fail them, beleaguered a*
they wcre.&lh continual forays upon theirenemy,
they harassed him beyond measure. "Without
losing a man, they killed nearlyiwo hundred, and
captured and brought in upwards of five hundred
prisoners, besides many horses and arms.
Among those whose names have been mentioned
with distinction for during and enterprise m this
hazardous warfare ate William Reynolds, the
brothers Rogers, and Joseph A. Cooper, whose
romantic exploits make it an honor to have been
long favored with their personal friendship.
At last, hopeless of relief, abandoned by those
who should have supported them, on the morning
of the 18th of September they blewup their works,
burned and destroyed what they could not bring
away, and set out upon their memorable retreat,
nearly two hundred and fifty miles,across mourit-
* The conduct of these people is thus referred to in a
private letter to me, by one who has partaken of their hos-
pitalities : , . _
The Union men of Kentucky should by paid lor tending
the men Irom EastTcnnessec. They come from East Ten-
nessee without money, and the citizens of this part of Ken-
tucky have to feed them until they get to the Army- I hope
Congress will provide to have them paid, tfome men in
thu"county have fed the Union men of East Tennessee
until they are now out of corn and pork."
ains deemed impracticable, to the Ohio river.
For sixteen days they continued their terrible
march, subsisting for the most part upon unripe
corn gathered fiom the fields, and pulverized on
their camp plates converted into graters, rarely
obtaining water except from stagnant pools, mov-
ing at night as well as in the day, often compelled
to make roads where there were none, and to open
those that had been heavily obstructed, and con-
stantly assailing the forces of the enemy that
awaited them in front, and hovered upon their
flanks and rear. The retreat, with scarcely a loss,
with discipline and morale unimpaired, suggests
that of the ten thousand Greeks under Xenophon,
one of the most brilliant passages in classic mili-
tary history.
But to the people of East Tennessee this with-
drawal of their friends was.the signal for renewed
violence and oppression, Of which every day
brings some new and sickening detail. It is not
for the purpose of awakening sympathy, or pro-
ducing a dramatic effect, that I select a few in-
stances from the mass. I do so as an act of justice
to the people who have sent me here to represent
them; that the country may know how utterly
they have been neglected by the Government to
which they adhere, and may be prepared to act
upon the established fact that in the South there
are people entitled to the same protection, both
of person and property, that we once gave to an
unnaturalized foreigner in the harbor of Smyrna,
and which we have constantly extended to the
settlers on the frontier.
A description of a recent rebel raid into the coun-
ty of Scott, after mentioning the burning and rob-
bing of certain houses, adds:
aOn the route they captured I.atkin Cross and Random
Oonover, both of whom they hanged in tin: .apple orchard be-
longing to the widow Angel. Mr. Cross was a good citizen,
and his loss is seveiely lelt. Il<* leaves a wile and five In-
teresting elnldien Mr. Oonover belonged to the second
(loyal-) Tennessee inf.mtrw and was ill at the time he was
so cruellj mmdered. He was highly esteemed by bis
neighbor, and leaven a wile and two elnldien wholly un-
provided foi."
A rebel paper of December 17 announces that—
"The confedeiatc court at Kno.wille has indicted Chan-
cellor Seth J. W. Jjuckoy tor treasonable and disloyal con-
duct.'5
This venerable judge, for more than twenty
years upon the bench, a ruling elder in the chinch,
a devoted Unionist from the beginning, refused the
motion of secession attorneys to allow upon the
minutes of his court a commemoration of their
victory at Bull Run, and this is his reward 1 The
same paper adds:
" Indictments were fount! n.'MmM Mimlry pai ties for con-
spiracy to cncnlate counterfeit eonfi-derate. note<- ; includ-
in" Kennedy Roger*-, alleged lo liave been, until recently,
aid to tlic Fedcial General George VV. Morgan."
This is one of the brothers Rogers of whom I
just made honorable mention. He has recently
been captured, and this is a scheme to deprive him
of the privilege of a prisoner of war.
It is further said:
"Duringthe same session decices were issued in four bun-
dled cac-cs under tlie Bcqiie«tnition lawa, ernbiacin^ over a
million dollar' worth ot propel ty. Among the cases if John
Cuflec Chiles."
This victim is a lieutenant colonel in the Army,
and will be remembered by my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Wadswortii] as the officer who, with
his battalion, saved Metcalfe, last summer, m the
engagement at Big Hill.
Another " southern" sheet announces that—
" Aimer Jackson, a prominent citizen of Knoxville, Tcn-
ncwc,hn h<'en arrested for treason. He openly announces
Innisell a Union man, and refuses to give any pledge of
loyalty to the confcdeiitc government."
From private souices I have full confirmation
of the seizure and imprisonment of this gentle-
man—my neighbor and friend—and of his bold
defiance of his persecutors and oppressors.
Still later appears the following dispatch:
" Knoxville, December 29.—The commiisioner^s court
is trying, for tieason, Butler, a member ot the Legislature,
and A.'XJ. Smith. Great feeling is manifested."
These gentlemen live in the extreme eastern
corner of the State, near the lines of Virginia and
North Carolina, and are of high character and
social position.
General Crittenden, who was captured last
summer at Murfreesboro', and was held several
months at Madison, Georgia, as a prisoner, writes
to Governor Johnson that some one hundred and
twenty-five EastTennesseeans were confined with
him. He says: " -
" Bad as was the treatment of th« prisoners of war, tlia
.Tennesseeans were treated much worse. For instance, they
weie compelled, at the point of the bayonet, to beat tli«
dough which the negroes cooked for our use ; to police the
ground inclosing the prison; to clean tiie sinks; to dig,
and clean out the wells; to make and repair fences; to
carry lood for others to eat; to scrub floors > in other words,
they were foiced to do the mostdegiading part ot the work
in and around the prison, while they actually suffered for
want of blankets, clothing, and food} and gladly received
fiom us the fragments of our scanty fate.
" What f haife stated I saw and know to be true. Many
of the Tennesseeans were men of wealth and character.".
Thn list of their names given contains some of
the most estimable men we have.
A correspondent of mine, an exchanged pris-
oner, writes a detailed account of his pursuit and
capture, from which I beg leave to extract a few
sentences:
" I resided in Rhea county, where I have a large tract of
land, a grist-mill and saw-mill, and was also selling goods."
* * * * * "I was captured the next day,
and taken to a stable where 1 found about thirty oY ourmcn.
The same night they took us out, and started on a march.
They lied a roprj mound my neck and tied ir to a horse, and
in that way inarched me twenty-seven miles, by sunrise
next morning, to Montgomery. From there they took us
to Kmg.-ton, where we weie confined in the jail for one
night; and from there we were taken to Knoxville, where
we remained fourteen days, with not half enough to eat to
suppoit a hearty man ; and tlmt unwholesome and not fit to
eat. In the mean time, my wife had made her way through
incredible hardships to Cincinnati. After my family left
our house the rebels retained, and took away all ourfur-
nuuieand bedding, piano, hordes, cattle, sheep, hogs, in fact
eveiythmg; and having taken all our money before, left us
destitute. At Knoxville, we were importuned to join the
rebel army, and Insulted if we lefused."
Another correspondent writing a few days since
from southeastern Kentucky, saysj
iC f am late from East Tennessee, and my business Is to
fight back to my native land. I am now on my way to the
Atmy. I am now, thank God, a free man. My dear sir,
no tongue can tell the suffering of the Union people In Bast
Tennessee."
Thclistmightbeextended indefinitely ofthe His
suffered by timtpcoplefortheirunwaveringattach-
mentto tlieirGovernment. Aretheynotentitled to
its protection, not merely as a legal right, but upon
the highest moral considerations? I have ab-
stained from enumerating any of the many atroci-
ties at the hands of the miscreants who, in the name
of" southern rights," have outraged all the sancti-
ties and decencies of our common nature—the rape
of women and the murder of little children and oi
defenseless old men. And yet I know of no prio-
ciple, moral or legal, on which the rebel leaders
can escape responsibility for the enormities of the
most obscuie and unprincipled of their followers.
The men who instigated revolt by directing an at-
tack on an unarmed transport, with supplies to a
little starving garrison, and then turned upon us
with a temuient swagger—u your flag has been
insulted; redress it if you dare; you have submit-
ted to it for two months, and you willsubmit to
it forever;" who, seeing that even this did not
provoke war, rained upon the same devoted gar-
rison their iron and missile fire, and then boasted
that for the first time they had humbled the Amer-
ican flag, humbled for the first time on American
soii,by traitor American hands. The men who, in-
tentionally and with malice aforethought, brought
war upon" the country, are justly responsible, be-
fore God and in the sight of man, for every tres-
pass the most wanton, and for every crime the
mostatrocious,committed by the soldiery of either
army, as well as for the ordinary and necessary
incidents ofthe war. Men are and must be held
answeittblefor the consequences of their unlawful
acts. And they are legally liable, civilly as well
as criminally, upon the familiar principle of law,
that when parties conspire for an unlawful pur-
pose each is liable for the acts of liis confederates,
in pursuance of the common design, even though
committed without his knowledge and with his
disapprobation. Or, as the principle is stated by
a high common-law authority:
" If several persons agree to levy war, sofhe in one place,
and some m another, and one party do actually appear in
onus, this is a levying of war by all, as well those who were
| not in arms as those who were, if it were done in pursu-
j ance of the original concert; for those who made the at-
tempt were emboldened by the confidence inspired by the
j general concert, and therefore their particular acts are in
' justice imputable to all the rest. But suppose a consplr-
| acy to lew war, and a plan of operations settled, and those
| to whom the execution of thorn is commuted afterwards lee
i occasion to vary iu ceitain particulars f-om the original
i plan, which is accordingly done unknown to some ot the
1 conspirators, yet I conceive that if the new measure? wer*
