662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
conducive to the same end, and that in substance the ori-
ginal conspiracy were pursued, they all remain responsible
for each other's acts."—! East. 9$.
Chief Justice Marshall states the doctrine in
these words:
" If war be actually levied, that is, if a body of men be
actually assembled for the puipose of effecting by force a
treasonable purpose, all those who perform any part, how-
ever minute, or however remote from the scene of action,
and who are actually leagued in the-general conspiracy, are
to be considered as traitms."—Ex parte Bollman and ex
parte Sioartwout, 2 Curtis, 37.
The guilty principals of this wicked rebellion,
their abettors and comforters, need not hope to
throw upon their base and ignoble agents the in-
famy of their ravages and massacres. They will
be i\cld to the full measure of accountability for
all our private woe, as well as for our public ca-
lamity.
Ilow these people have sustained themselves
under this accumulation of woes, added to the
privations inflicted upon them by the blockade
and other belligerent measures of tne Government
towards that general region, will appear from on
extract from another correspondent, an intelligent
citizen of that part of our State:
u Heft East Tennessee on thfSBM November. The fnlon
party there is becoming very impatient. They had with-
stood the storm with an cmluiance unsurpassed. I am for
maintaining the authoilty of the Government ovei all the
Btates, negro or no negro. For many reasons! would have
preferred letting slavery alone; still 1 would rather he an-
noyed with free negroes than a vain-glorious swcll-hcaded,
and bigoted southern confederacy. When 1 left the South,
T could see the motal power of the rebellion wn.- giving
way. It hud conn* to thK that itu leader* have to foioe
everything. It will not do tor them-to «uocerd ; ami Hipv
will not, it the loyal States stand up to The Administration
Nothing would do the slaveholder*. ami politicians South
hut accession and a defiance to the authority of the nation,
and now they must take tiic consequences; if slavery sur-
vives the lebellion they have muuguiatcd, &o be it—ii not.
so be it."
The significuntcxprosHion,u if the loyal States
stand upto'the Administration," embodies the
sentimentof all southernUnion men. They know
perfectly well that in this great conflict theic are,
and of necessity can be, but two parties—ihe Gov-
ernment and the rebellion—that whoever is not
for the Government is for the rebellion; and who-
ever is notfor the rebellion is for the Government;
that there can be, in the nature of tilings, no mid-
dle alternative, and all attempts at other distinc-
tions are as idle as the writings of boyhood upon
the sand of the sea-shore, to be effaced by the next
sweep of the tide. They know that the Govern-
ment is represented, for the tune being, by the Ad-
ministration, and as such representative it must,
and of right ought to, be supported by all who
would sustain the Government; supported not as
partisans, not as political I'nemls, not as approv-
ing all the ads and measmes of the Administra-
tion, not with blind, implicit, unintelligent, and
uninquinng subserviency, but .supported as citi-
zens who recognize the full scope and meaning of
their allegiance and its sacred obligation to obey
all laws,-as long as they are laws, and to uphold
the constituted authorities until they shall be con-
stitutionally changed; as patriots capable in sea-
sons of national peril of soaring above the fogs
and miasms of party into a clearer and healthier
political atmtffcphcre, from which, by the sunlight
of virtue, they are expelled; as honestly, and' in
ix spirit of candor, st living to correct what cannot
be approved; bringing wisdom to the aid of in-
experience, itrejigth to the support of weakness,
courage to the relief of timidity, and magnanim-
ity to the protection of frailty. Do not wonder,
then, that they are pained and sickened at the dis-
sensions and bitter strife among the professed
ft lends of the Government, weakening its power
on the one hand and adding strength to the rebel-
lion on the other. Do not wonder that they listen j
with impatience to discussions in this body, em-
bellished on the one side with gems from the rev-
olutionary maxims of Mirabeau, and enlivened
on the other with a travesty of the Decalogue.
Do not wonder that they declare, with the veteran
and accomplished editor of the Louisville Jour-
nal, that those persons who " direct all their en-
ergies to rendering the Administration as odious
as possible, are, unintentionally or otherwise,
working in the interests of the rebellion." Do not
wonder that they should exclaim, with one who
writes to me from Nashville, at the close of the
year—
11 Cannot Congress so to work in earnest to crush the
rebellion5 1 do hope the members wit) rid themselves of
all purposes oi self-aggrandizement, and come up like pa-
triots to rescue their country. Itmakes us sick at heart to
see men, in whose hands are the destinies of unborn mil-
lions, wasting in idle squabbling the energies that should
be devoted to the salvation of their country."
Do not wonder that they appreciate, if you do
not, the full force of Mr. W, L. Yancey's adjura-
tion to his confederates, the Legislature of Ala-
bama:
" We have something to hope, however, from this divis-
ion of the councils of our enemies ; from their fierce party
strife and jealousies. Upon this hope let us build our own
unity; upon their jealousies let us build up our own har-
mony; upon these clashings of party interest let us bind
together our own patriotic energies; upon their selfishness
and folly let u« base a prayer to God that He would enable
us to exhibit in behalf of our beloved country, a self-sacri-
ficing wisdom, both in opinion and action, in all matter*
appertaining to our defense."
Whatl have said of the people in my own State,
particularly my immediate constituents, is true to
a greater or less extent of all portions of the south-
ern States. They all contain a large element from
the beginning loyal to the Government of their
fathers, who require Only that the Government
should demonstrate a power of self-existence, with
ability to give them that protection of person and
property which is the correlative of allegiance to
yield it their mosthearty support, but who in the
mean time have submitted to an authority, de
facto, as one which they are poweiless to resist,
and fiom which they cannot cscapc. It is by pro-
tecting this element, and thus securing its active
cooperation, that the breach in our national unity
will be healed, and the dominion of law berestored;
not by any general system of indiscriminate sub-
jugation, much less by attempts at conciliating re-
"bellion and compromising with it. Had the Pres-
ident at the outset declared that the whole power
of the Governmentshould be used to protect even
the humblest friend of the Government, wherever
found, in his person and propeity alike, and to
chastise and punish its enemies, thus affording
inducements to be loyal, and acted up to the spirit
of such declaration; had Congress from the first
habitually legislated in that spirit; nay, were this
done now at thislateday, the effects would be in-
calculable. Between those who are bent alone on
a wild crusade against slavery, and those who
seem to suppose the rebellion will be appeased by
the sacrifice of a hecatomb ot abolitionists, and
its " irregular" opposition to the Government
stayed, this simple and obvious policy was quite
likely to be oveilookcd.
But time, thegrcatinstructor,isevidently teach-
ing much practical wisdom. No one can have con-
sidered the deliberations of this winter, along with
those of the last, here and elsewhere, and not be
convinced that folly is less ostentatious, even if
wisdom is not more manifest. New and complex
problems are gradually reduced to their elements,
and will, in good time, be successfully solved.
The times have changed, and men have changed
with them. Old formulas are rejected as inap-
plicable to the new issues. Things that for years
have been held too nacrcd for inquiry and inves-
tigation must undergo scrutiny. Measures that ;
by continual imputation of motives and a tright-
ful array of possible consequences have startled
the timid and made the doubtful draw back, are
j found by actual trial, if not beneficent, at least
I innocuous. We are learning the Preacher's tre-
! mendous meaning, concealed under the simple dec-
| laration, that " there is a time of war and a time
j of peace." Wo are discovering that our Consti-
■ tution, alteady proven adequate to the require-
ments of peace, develops unexpected resources
to meet the dread exigencies of war. And pos-
terity will look with amazement alike upon those
who defend the President for availing himself of
these resources, upon the plea of necessity, and
those who assail him as guilty ofusurpation; just
as we now look upon those who, in the last cen-
tury, maligned the great Washington for his ef-
forts to suppress the whisky rebellion of Penn-
sylvania. 1 venture the opinion, and leave it here,
that when the time shall come that men have no
longer any points to carry or purposes to serve
by attacking that high officer, they will accord to
him the singleness of purpose to serve his country
by the use only of the powers legitimately in his
hands, regardless of the consequences to himself,
or to the party that brought him into place. Weil
will it be for the memory of all of us, concerned in
the events of this great time, if they who come
after us can accord to us the same tribute.
But the great problem of the moment is the mil-
itary problem. Before that all others, for the time,
'mustbesubordinated. GovernorSeymour,ofNew
York, truly observes that, " at this moment, the
fortunes of our country are influenced by the re-
sults of battles." Upon the result of the military
operations depends the successful conduct of our
financial and foreign affairs. Iam aware there are
those who have been distrustful of our ability to
cope in arms with the rebellion, who, from a bet-
ter motive, I would fain believe, than a mere per-
sonal vanity of sustaining a reputation for proph-
ecy, are always disparaging the achievements of
their own soldiers, and extolling those of the foe.
In every other conflict thiough which our nation
has passed, theie have always been some ready
to take sides with its enemies. Like the scouts
dispatched from the wilderness of Paran, all the
people they see are men of great stature—giants;
the sons of Anak; and in their own sight they are
but as grasshoppers. To reassure these fearful
souls, 1 propose to survey onr operations during
the year past, and strike a balance of profit and
loss.
One year ago this capital was beleaguered by
rebel troops, and we held our deliberations almost
in sight of their pirate flag. Our communication
with the West had been cut off for months; the
Potomac was blockaded all the way to the sea;
and a single rail track was our sole dependence
fur intercourse with the rest of the country. Now
we breathe as securely as if no hostile loot were
on the continent; the route westward, over the
mountains of Maryland and AVest Virginia, has
been restored; the bosom of our river is as free as
the Hudson; rebellion has withdrawn itself be-
yond the Rappahannock, and thei*e it remains,
save an occasional predatory band, crossing by
stealth on a felon's errand, and hurrying back
with felon speed. The harbor of Norfolk, and the
navy-yard there, float the national flag; the stolen
Merrtmac no longer terrifies the commerce it was
built to protect; and a gentleman has already pre-
sented his credentials as a Representative in this
body of the loyal people of that congressional
district. The coast ofNorth Carolina, from Roan-
oke Island to Fort Macon, has resumed its al-
legiance. Indeed, the entire coast, from Hamp-
ton Roads to Corpus Christi, with the exception
of Wilmington, Georgetown, Charleston, Mobile,
and Galveston, may be said to be practically un-
der our authority. How closely the excepted
points are blockaded may be inferred from the
present condition of Charleston, as described
during the last month by a foreign visitor to that
interesting city:
"I did not expect to find this city such as it is; in truth,
at fii3t<and paiticulaily in certain quarters, it seems ,ike
a vast cemetery, and there are scarcely two or three btieew
sudii-iently animated to dispel this impiessdon.
" Ever since the beginning of the blockade, every day
some families moved away to retire into the interior, and
of late this emigration ha-> become almost general. All who
have been able to follow this movement, men, women, old
men and children, have gone ; and I believe to-day there
are not twenty Indies left m the place ; consequently there
can be nothing more sad. I assure you, than these fine
street^ in which you often do not meet ten person* in their
entue length ; nothing so sad as the^e fine house:? without
life, their balconies and gaidens deported, and their win-
dows closed, silent and funereal, as though death had passed
there. Add to this the fact that nearly one third ot the city
ts in ruins, the effect of the ternble fiie which devastated
Charleston about a year ago, and you will scarcely have
an idea of the sad spectacle that presented itself to the eyes
here on every side."
And yet, according to Lieutenant Maury, this
city is the type of confederate prosperity. In a
recent letter in the London Times, he asseverates
" that the custom-house receipts at Charleston for
the montlrof July, 1862, were greater than they
have been for the corresponding month of any
year
of the last ten.'
The securing of Forts Macon and Pulaski; the
harbor and fortifications of Pensacola and the
navy-yard there; forts St. Philip and Jackson, is
an advantage to our arms of immense value. Be-
yond the Alleghanies, we must not forget that one
year ago rebellion claimed the whole of the States
of Missouri and Kentucky, and actually held the
greater portion of the former State except the city
of St. Louie and its environs, and fully one third
of the latter, from Columbus round to Bowling
Green, thence to the Cumberland river and to the
Virginia line. Of these States it is enough to say,
that from Missouri a full delegation has been elected
to the next House, that her Legislature is in ses-
sion, and, having elected a United States Senator,
