664.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,"
mfrcance of this rallying cry—whether it means
a reestablishment of the flag and u reassertion of
the national authority over every rood of our do-
mains, or is but an empty formula, to be inter-
preted to suit anyoccasion.
The Union as it was; say, rather, the Union
as it will be when, the Constitution maintained in
all its spirit and vigor, even its very forms pre-
served inviolate, peace restored upon the basis of
ourindivisibi!ity,theself~protectingpowerof pop-
ular government asserted, our multiplied millions
shall present to mankind an example of govern-
ment, mightier, freer, and happier than the world
has ever seen. Then will'be realized the convic-
tion of a great English statesman, who, rising
above the mists of prejudice and traditional enmity
which have beclouded so many of his count'ry-
men, has asserted the justice and hopefulness of
our cause, in words contrasting most gratefully
with the ribaldry and cynicism by which we have
been so constantly assailed:
"I cannot myself believe in such a fate befalling that fair
land, stricken though it now he by the ravages of w.ir; I
cannot believe that civilization in its journey with the sun
will sink into endless night to gratify the ambition of the
leaders of this revolt, who seek' to wade through slaughter
to a throne, and shut the gates of merry on mankind.' I
have another and far blighter vision before mvga.dC. It may
be but a vision, but^vill still cherish it. J see one vast
confederation MrendBtg from the frozen Notth In one un-
broken lino to the glowing South, and ftom tke wild billows
of the Atlantic to the calmer waters of the Pacific main, and
sec one people and one law and one language and onefaith,
and over all that wide continent ihc home of freedom and
a refuge for the oppressed of every race."
Mr. WILSON obtained tflb floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. ASHLEY, who moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
halfpastfive o'clock,p.m.)the House adjourned
to Monday, at twelve o'clock,m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 2, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
• The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The yiCE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from Joseph Henry, Secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution,transmitungu resolution
adopted by the Boaid of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution in relation to George E. Badger,
one of the Regents; which was, on motion of Mr.
Sumner, referred to the Committee on the Library.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
'Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for a grant of six sec-
tions of land per mile to the State of Michigan for
a railroad from Little Traveise bay to the Straits
of Mackinaw, thence to the west end of Lake Su-
perior; also from the Straits to Sault Ste. Marie;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. .
ARREST OF M. Y JOHNSON.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I present the petition of
Madison Y. Johnson, of Galena, Illinois, and I
ask that it be road.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read, if
there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection to the
reading being made, it must be determined by vote
of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to it unless there is
some statement made that will take it out of the
ordinary rule. I know no reason why one man
should have his petition road, and not another.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire that the petition
may be read in order that I may base a resolution
upon it for investigating the facts stated m that
petition. The petitioner states that he has been
wantonly arrested and imprisoned and discharged
without being informed of any charge against lnm.
They have refused to communicate to him any
reason why he has been thus long imprisoned.
For the purpose of investigating that fact, I pre-
sented the petition, and asked that it might be read.
Mr. GRIMES, if that is the only reason the
Senator has, surely it is a very insufficient one.
He has had the petition in his possession. I sup-
pose he has read it. If he has not done so, it is
certainly not the fault of the Senate. It is justas
easy for him to frame his resolution and present it
for the consideration of the Senate without hav-
ing the petition read here publicly as it would be
after it had been thus read. I do not know any-
thing about this particular case, but it is an inno-
vation upon the rule that has been enforced in the
Senate ever since I have been a member of it, and I
know of no reason why in this particular instance
we should depart from it. If we do, we shall
have applications every morning for the reading of
private petitions. I am willing to have it referred,
or laid on the table, or to make any disposition of it
that the Senator chooses, orto consider any reso-
lution ho may base upon it whenever he sees fit to
present the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not very familiar
with the rules of this body. I do not propose to
send the petition to any of the standing commit-
tees of the Senate. I move in reference to it the
following: resolution, if it is now in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to in-
vestigate the facts in reference to the aircst and imprison-
ment of Madison Y. Johnson, and that said committee have
the power to send lor persons and papeis, to examine wit-
nesses under oath, and adnunistei oaths to said witnesses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
referring the petition presented to a select com-
mittee, according to the terms of the motion of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CLARK. Must not that resolution lie
over ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. The Chair thinks tMit it is in the nature
of a motion to refer the petition to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think it worth while
for the Senate to undertake to investigate these
particular cases. They should be investigated
somewhere else. I hope the motion will not pre-
vail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
referring the pi tition to a select committee,as pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Would not a motion to refer
to one of I he standing committees take precedence?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
0 The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on referring to the Committee on the Judiciary;
that motion taking precedence.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will not prevail. The
object of the resolution ofletedby the Senator from
Illinois is to investigate the causes of the arrest
of a citizen of the United States. We have had
committees of tins body to investigate almost all
manner of actings and doings touching the Army
and Navy, and almost everything else; butwhen
it is proposed to appoint a committee for the pur-
pose of investigating the reason why a citizen of
the United States lias Wen deprived of his liberty,
we find objections coming from Senators on the
other side of the Chamber. If it is not proper that
we raise committees to investigate why the officers
of this Government—the Secretary of War, for
instance—have deprived, unlawfully, a citizen of
his liberty, and kept him many months m prison,
1 am at a loss to know any valid reason why we
should ever investigate any question. Senators
seem to be utterly indisposed to allow the coun-
try to sec the facts, or to have any investigation
of these arbitrary and illegal arrests.
I hope, sir, that the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts will not prevail; and that the res-
olution offered by the Senator from Illinois will
be adopted. It is due to the public liberties that
we investigate this matter, and that we let the
country know who it is that thus violates the con-
stitutional rights of the citizen.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I hope
I shall not bo deemed out of order if I refer to the
petition ofMr. Johnson, which has been presented
to this body this morning, and present his state-
ments, which are sworn to, for the information
of the Senate and of the country.
Mr. POWELL. Read the petition as part of
your speech; you have a right to do that.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, and in that
way bring the facts which it contains before the
Senate. I read the petition:
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jim erica in Congress assembled:
The petition and memorial of Madison Y. Johnson, a cit-
izen of the State of Illinois, would most respectfully rep- s
lesent unto your honorable body that about nine o'clock at
night on the 28th of August last, your petitioner was arrest-
ed, while engaged in the defense of a murder case, in the
city of Galena, his place of residence. That said arrest was
made under and by authority of a telegraphic dispatch, pur-
posing to be by order of the Socretaiy of War, and signed
"L. C. Turner, Judge Advocate," in wlucli said dispatch
your petitioner was chaiged with disloyal practices, and
otdored to be convoyed to Fort LaFayctte, ia the State of
New York, and delivered to the commandant theieof.
Your petitioner was arrested as aforesaid, and remained
in custody during the remaining pi ogress of said trial; and
after the same was completed, iie was. conveyed to the city ,
of New York, to the police headquaiters of John A. Ken-
nedy, provost marshal, where lie was detained a few hours
in what is known as the " innertemple," fiom which place
lie was convoyed to and lodged in Fort La Fayette, on the
2d ot September last, without any wart ant, piocess, or charge
of an offense against the laws of the country, to the knowl-
edge of your petitioner, except said telcgiam. And your
petitioner here states the fact that he has never at any time,
in woul, act, or deed, been guilty of " disloyal piacticcs,"
or of any disloyal act at anytime or under any circum-
stances.
On the 9th of September the judge advocntc appeared at
Foit La Fayette, and the following is the substance of what
took place on that occasion. lie asked me " if I knew what
I was charged with?" 1 answered, " I did not know what
I was charged with, or who was my accuser; but I was ready
to answer for oveiy act of my life to my country." He then
asked me " if I was not Yankee enough to guess what I
was arrested toi r" I replied, " Iliad not a drop of Yankee
blood in me, and did not desire to gue&s, but did desire to
know what I was charged with, and who was my accuser."
Without answering, he asked "if X had brought a suit
against Smith in rtivor of Itoih, fur damages?" I replied,
" I had ; but that I had too much confidence in my Govern- a
mcnt to think it would interfere, and make the act of a
lawyer in bringing a suit between two private persons a
cause of arrest." He then asked me " if I had any objection
to make a statement of the facts in icgaid to tiiat ease ?" I
answeied, " I had nothing to disguise," and gave him the
facta particularly. Attersomefurtherconversalioii, ho said
he " would ask mo a question : T need not answer it if I did
not desiie." 1 replied, '-ask it—I have nothmgto disguise."
He then asked me " if I-was a member of a secret society
known as the Knights of the Golden Circle ?" I told him
" I did not belong to that or any other kindled society—that
the onlv seci et society or ot jranization was the Masonic fia-
teimty." He asked me "if I was willing to swear to my
statement then madcr" I told him "lie might regard all
my statement as being undei oath, as I would make no state-
ment I would not swear to." He then asked me " if 1 was
willing to take the oath as a loyal man?" 1 answered,"!
had not the slightest objection to take any oath the lawsot
my countiy imposed, but I would take no oath prescribed
by nrbitiary powoi, that by implication impeached my In-
tegrity as a man, or casta suspicion upon mo as being guilty
of an offense, as a condition of mv release."
The above is the substance of all that passed before the
judge advocate.
On the J7th of September I wa« removed to the city of
New Yoik by order of the Seeretaiy ot War, (as I was in-
formed by the officer having me in chaige,) and placed in
the House of Detention, ami on the nc\t day taken to Fort
Delaware, Delawaic, where 1 have remained (ver since, as
a " political pi^oner," lestrained of my liberty.
I would heie remark, after the intei vsow above named
with the judge advocate, some throe affidavits wcie manu-
factured and .-worn to by persons I had but little knowl-
edge of, aw/ u hosetharadei s arc very questionable, in which
F am chaiged, while under at rest, with making some " dia-
loyal expressions," which are mrbled and perverted to such
an extent as to make them deliberate falsehoods.
Your petitioner would luithei represent that he has,dur-
ing the km tin Co months, presented his grievances to the
judge advocate, the Sect etaiyol War, Major General Wool,
and to the President, as follows:
C Copy of Lctlei to (he President.)
Fort Di;uw\ru, Delaware, October 28,186*2.
Sir: I addrc^cd a letter to you on the 7th of September,
ftom FoitLa Fayette, inlorming you ofmy arrest at Galena,
oil a telegraphic dispatch ot the Scciet.uv of War. I was
at once tiun«>poitcd beyond the jurisdiction ot my State,-
and, atter being detained at Fort La Fayette some sixteen
days, I was removed to this place, wiieie I have been de-
tained ever since. And, Ptiangc to say, up to this day I
have no knowledge of what ofjeme I am chained or who is
my accuser, and 1 solemnly declaie to you, 1 have never,by
w'oid, thought, or act, done a dHu> al thing to my counuy.
That my Government has been imposed upon by machina-
tion of private malice,through the topi escalations ofadis-
honoiable memberot Congress, (as I am induced to believe
from the facts within my knowledge ) 1 have patiently en-
duied ali these tilings hoping my Government would in-
quire into and vindicate me. I have addiessed communi-
cations to the nidge advocate, Major General Wool, and
the Secretary ot \Vai, respectively, as I was advised at the
time I was under each of the ejuiisdjctions,noneof whom
have condescended to answer, and I now appeal to you,
as head of the nation, whose duty it is to see that persona'
liberty is protected, to interpose in my behalf. If I am
charged with an offense, let me be irtfoimed of it, that I cau
vindicate myself. If I am not, then, in the name of com ^
mon justice, do not punish me. It cannot be the objecto *
the Government to punish those who are guilty of no oj
fense,and from your acquaintance with me, and Mr. Wash
burnc, foi the last eighteen years, you should be able u#
determine with some accuracy whether I ain guilty of an
offense against my country, or, under the peculiar times, he
