1862.]
AFPEMUJ TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, G.LGBB.
If
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate &. Ho. of Earn
ceding for seizing ahd holding some of the import-
ant ports on the southern coast, and that the com-
mand ofthe south Atlantic squadron had beengiven
to Flag-Officer DuPont, chairman of the commis-
sion which had been selected by the Department
to make examination and report on this subject.
I was also enabled to communicate his services at
Port Royal and Beaufort in South Carolina, and
the capture of Ty bee Island, at the mouth of the
Savannah river, in November.
Following up these successes, and in order to
carry out the original purpose of his command,
in addition to the duties of maintaining a blockade
of the coast, Flag-Officer Du Pont and the squad-
ron became actively engaged in examining the
waters and islands on the South Carolina and
Georgia coasts, preparatory to their military oc-
cupation. Expeditions were sent to St. Helena,
North and South Edisto, Warsaw Inlet, Tybee,
and other islands, and other important localities.
The necessity of guarding these points until the
Army was prepared to hold them employed no
inconsiderable portion of the naval force in that
quarter.
On the 1st of January a force of five gunboats,
under Commander C. R. P. Rodgers, was detailed
to cooperate with a column of troops, under Brig-
adier General Stevens, in certain military opera-
tions in the vicinity of Beaufort, South Carolina.
The movements, both naval and military, were
conducted with success. The effective action of
the Navy on this occasion elicited from the late
gallant General Stevens a very complimentary ac-
knowleflgment, and the entire management of the
expedition is commended in high terms by Flag-
Officer Du Pont.
FORT PULASKI.
At the commencement of the project of cutting
off communication between Fort Pulaski (held by
the rebels) and Savannah, the ultimate repos-
session of that fort received consideration, and
was prepared for by frequent and successful rec-
onnoissanees. An expedition being in the course
of preparation to capture Fernandma and other
points south, the occasion was not permitted to
pass unimproved of making a reconnoissance
which would serve as a demonstration upon Sa-
vannah and cover up the real purpose, which was
an attack on Fernandina.
Accordingly, on the 27th of January, a fleet of
gunboats under Flag-Captain Charles H.Davis,
and of transports conveying a column of tioops
under Brigadier General Wright, entered Little
Tybee river, and passed beyond the highlands of
Wilmington Island. They examined the creeks
and localities,and obtained much valuable infor-
mation, so necessary to future successful military
operations.
While on this service, five steamers, the rebel
fleet of Commodore Tatnall, made their appear-
ance. Captain Davis and Commander John Rodg-
ers, who was at anchor in Wright river, opened
upon them. A short but spirited engagement of
less than half an hour followed, when a part of
the rebel fleet was forced back, and the remainder
escaped to Fort Pulaski. The appearance of such
a force in Wilmington and Warsaw Sounds created j'
a sense of alarm at Savannah, inducing the with- j!
drawal of troops from other points in anticipation ||
of an attack on that city. In the capture of Fort ,!
Pulaski, a purely military operation, which oc- ■
curred some months afterwards, August 11, the '
Navy had the good fortune to participate, a de- '!
lachment of officers and men from the Wabash n
serving in one of the breaching batteries, and huv- i j
ing the management of four rifle guns in battery |1
Sigel. j|
REPOSSESSION OF FERNANDINA, ST. MARY'S, FORT |j
CLINCH, JACKSONVILLE, ST. AUGUbTiNE, BRUNS- ||
WICK, ETC. jj
The repossession and reoccupation of the east- jj
em coast of Florida was another of the primary jj
objects on the part of the south Atlantic organi-
zation. Flag-Officer Du Pont sailed from Port i.
Royal in the Wabash on the last day of Febru- !
ary,and on the 2d of March, transferring; his flag !■
to the Mohican, entered Cumberland Sound in j[
that vessel, accompanied by eighteen other vessels |i
of the Navy, the armed steamer McClellan car- !!
rying a battalion of marines, under the command Ij
of Msyor Reynolds, and several transports con- f1
taining a brigade, commanded by Brigadier-Gen*
eral Wright.
The immediate object of this expedition was
the repossession of Fort Clinch and the capture
of Fernandina. The insurgents abandoned their
works of defense, and rapidly retreated.
Commander Drayton, with a division of the
force, proceeded to Fernandina, and occupied that
place. The flag was hoisted on Fort Clinch, the
first of the national forts seized by the insurgents
on which the ensign of the Union had resumed
its proper position since the commencement of the
rebellion. This fort and the several batteries com-
manding the channel of approach to Fernandina
bore every indication of a preparation for a vigor-
ous defense, and their abandonment without an
effort to hold them was as much of a surprise as
it was doubtless a disappointment to those who
had come to capture them.
Commander C. R, P. Rodgers, with a second
division, was sent to occupy St. Mary's. Lieu-
tenant-CommandmgT. H.Stevens, in the Ottawa,
pushed on from this place, and encountering the
rebel riflemen and cavalry on the banks he soon
dispersed them.
On the 7th of March a small force was sent,
under Commander S. W. Godon, to hold Bruns-
wick, and about the same time a squadron of light
vessels was organized and sent to Jacksonville,
both of which places were surrendered without
opposition. On the 12th of March St. Augustine
surrendered without exhibition of force—the citi-
zens raising the flag of the Union with their own
hands.
This expedition, organized chiefly from the
forces which had but a short time previous par-
ticipated in the capture of Forts Walkerand Beau-
regard and Beaufort, though carried through with-
out loss of life, was of very considerable import-
ance. It secured to us Fort Clinch, Fernanuma,
St. Mary's, Cumbetland island and sound, Amelia
sound, Jacksonville, St. Augustine, and Bruns-
wick, in rcahiy the coast and inland waters from
St. Simon's southward.
STONO RIVER AND MOSQUITO INLET.
From information derived chiefly fiom the con-
traband pilot, Robeit Small, who had escaped
from Charleston, Flag-Officer Du Pont, after
proper reconnoissance, directed Commander Mar-
chand to cross the bar with several gunboats and
occupy Stono. The river was occupied as far up
as Legareville, and examinationsextended further
to ascertain the position of the enemy's batteries.
The seizure of Stono inlet and river secured an
important base for tuture military operations, and
was virtually a turning of the forces in Charleston
harbor.
On the 22d of March, Acting Lieutenant Budd,
commanding the steamer Penguin, and Acting
Master Mather, commanding the steamer Henry
Andrew, with boats' crews from those vessels,
proceeded some fifteen or eighteen miles up one
of the lagoons of Mosquito inlet. Returning,
they landed, in one of the boats, near some earth-
works, winch had been abandoned or never
armed, in the vicinity of a dense grove of live oak
and undeibrush. A heavy and continuous fire
was suddenly opened upon ihern from this covt.-r,
killing both of those officers and six ofthe boats'
crews, and wounding several others, two of whom
were made prisoners. The service thus lost two
meritorious officers, who had volunteered theirser-
vices to aid in suppressing the rebellion.
EASTERN GULF SQUADRON.
In January last Flag-Officer McTfean dispatched
Commander Emmons, with the steamer Hatteras,
to operate against the rebels at Cedar Keys. This
place was quite a depot, and several vessels had
recently been taken thither for safety and to load
with produce.
Commander Emmons was entirely successful,
having captured or destroyed all the public prop-
erty m that locality, including military stores, a
battery of two guns in position on Sea-Horse Key,
barracks, railroad depot and wharf, and several
schooners, laden and all ready to be taken out as
soon as a favorable opportunity should offer.
in the latter part of March, Commander If. S.
Stellwagen, of the Merccdita, arrived off Appa-
lachicola with that vessel and the Sagamore,
Lieutenant-Commanding A. J. Drake, and organ-
ized a boat expedition, the immediate; objecto?
which was the capture of a number- of- vessel«
understood to be at or above that city.
He was immediately informed by confcr&ba'nds
that the place had been evacuated by the sold&ffr*
some six hundred in number, arid by the-geeatei*
part ofthe citizens on the appearance ofthe-nasal
force. To test the truth of this, and to accom*
plish the objects in view, on the 2d of April
boats from the Mercedita and Saginaw were sent^
under Lieutenants Abbott and Bigelow, to- the
city. No resistance was offered, and the few- re*
maining citizens.came forward to receive them*
The expedition brought out several vessels, and
others nad to be destroyed, owing to the difli^
culty of getting them over the bar.
A cti ng Volunteer Lieutenant David«Cate, com-1
manding the United States bark Pursuit, having
received information that the rebel steamer Flor-
ida, which had succeeded in getting in to St. An*
drew's, was lying some twenty miles above that
town, determined to make an attempt to cut her
out. A volunteer expedition was organized, and
left the vessel on the 4th of April, and on the night
of the 6th reached and surprised the Florida. The
crew were overcome with slight resistance, and
the vessel—a valuable side-wheel steamer of five
hundred tons—with a cargo of two hundred bales
of cotton, was brought safely out.
WESTERN GULF SQUADRON—CAPTURE OF NEW OR-
LEANS AND REDUCTION OF ITS DEFENSES.
In the autumn of 1861 the capture and occupa- '
tion of the city of New Orleans, and the reopening
ofthe navigation ofthe Mississippi, were resolved
upon. It was an undertaking of the greatest dif-
ficulty and of the greatest importance. The city
itself was the largest and wealthiest in the south-
ern portion ofthe Union, and from its position it
was the most vitally interesting in the whole in-
surrectionary region. Its defenses had been pre*
pared and completed with the whole power, skill,
and ingenuity of the insurgents. Forts Jackson
and St. Philip, situated in commanding positions
to bar the approach to the city from the Gulf, had
been armed with one hundred and twenty-six
guns of long range and heavy caliber. A fleet of
some twenty armed steamers, some of them ar-
mored, and four powerful steam iron-clad rams—
one of them of four thousand tons, and mounting
sixteen heavy cannon—were prepared to cooperate
with the fleet, in addition to chains, rafts, and fire-
ships, for obstructing the advance of our attack-
ing force, whilean army of several thousandmen,
under the insurgent General Lovell, occupied and.
defended the city itself.
For the reduction of a place thus fortified and
defended, thecommercia) andstrategicimportance
of which can hardly be overestimated, thorough
and ample preparations were required and were
carefully organized. Besides the squadron that
was employed to enforce the blockade on the west-
ern portions ofthe Gulf, a large additional force
of armed steamers and a bomb flotilla were ordered
to the expedition.
The selection ofthe officer who should command
the western Gulfsquadron wasnot made until prep-
aratinns were far advanced for the important ex-
pedition that constituted the striking feature of that
command. Captain David G.Farragut, who re-
ceived the appointment of flag officer of the west-
ern Gulf squadron, entered with alacrity, zeal, and
all the power and efficiency that had been antici-
pated by the Department upon the duty of com-
pleting the organization of the Mississippi ex-
pedition. He found himself at the head of a
squadron composed of men who, like himself,
were undaunted, resolute, and determined.
The flotilla of mortar vessels, twenty in number,
was added to the command, under the immediate
direction and management of Commander David
D. Porter. Besides skillful pilots and the officers,
some of whom were familiar with that coast and
the river passes, the Department availed itself of
the topographical and strategic information fur-
nished by the officers ofthe Coast Survey. Assist-
ant F. H. Gerdes.m charge of the steamer Sach-
em, rendered the squadron very essential service.
Military cooperation being necessary, the War
Department furnished an army of eighteen thou-
sand men, under the command of Major General
hitler, to assist in the expedition and to-hold New
