u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
Stei Cos©....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Orleans after it should be taken. There was
throughout harmony and mutual good feeling and
cooperation between the naval and military forces.
- Flag-Officer Farragut's first orders bear date the
20th of January, 1862. He sailed from Hampton
Roads on the 2d of February, and on the 21stas-
fcumed the duties of his command. Two months
were spent in completing his preparations, receiv-
ing his reinforcements-, and getting his vessels
over the bars and to the heads of the passes.
On the 16th of April he gave orders to com-
mence the bombardment of Forts Jackson and
St. Philip by the mortar flotilla. The bombard-
ment commenced on the 18th, and was continued,
with but slight interruption or cessation, during
six days and nights, at the end of which time
both the forts, powerful as they were, and des-
perate as was their resistance, had become so
weakened and the garrison so demoralized as, in
the judgment of the ilag officer, to render the pus-
sage of the fleet possible. Accordingly, on the
morning of the 2Uh, the fleet was directed to move
forward, and the vessels passed the forts under a
terrific fire of more than one hundred guns that
had not been dismantled by the bombardment,
encountering not only the batteries and strong
current of the river, bat steamers, fire-ships, iron-
clads, rams, rafts, chains, and every obstruction
that the ingenuity and ability of the insurgents
could interpose to prevent them.
The attacking squadron was formed in two col-
umns, one under the command of Flag-Officer
* Farragut, and the other under the orders of Cap-
tain Theodoras Bailey, in this terrible conflict,
and as the fleet moved up the river toward the
city, it overcame and- destroyed eighteen armed
steamers and other vessels of the enemy, includ-
ing three iron-clad rams, two of which—the
Louisiana and the Manassas—were batteries of
immense power. All the carefully prepared ob-
structions to the navigation of the rivei wore
broken through or avoided, and on the morning
of the 29th of April Flag-Officer Farragut way
enabled to announce to the Depaitment that the
flag of the Union again waved over the city of
New Orleans and Forts Jackson and St. Plulip.
A great quantity of arms and munitions were
surrendered with the forces that defended the
forts, while a vast destruction of property within
the city had been effected by the insurgents in
order to pievent it fumi falling into our hands.
Nothing was wanting to complete the grandeur
of this most triumphant and arduous achieve-
ment. The capitulation of the city to our arms,
recklessly and persistently obstructed by the des-
peration of the city authorities, was at last com-
pleted through the judgment, patience, and reso-
lute detei initiation of our officers without the
shedding of innocent blood. The insurgent gar-
rison, strong as Jt was in numbers, Hod with pre-
cipitation, and the troops under General Butler
having been securely landed, the custody of the
city was delivered to him and the army.
Thus the great southern depot of the trade of the
immense central valley of the Union was once
more opened to commercial intercourse, and the
emporium of that wealthy region was restored to
national authority; the mouth of the Mississippi
was under our control, and an outlet for the great
"West to the ocean was secured, so soon as the
squadron, which was oulered to proceed up the
river, should foim a junction with the flotilla on
the waters of the upper Mississippi, which was
to fight its way down, aided by an adequate co-
operating military force to letain and hold the
important points along its shores.
This great blow stiuck just terror to the heart
of the whole rebellion. It was regarded every-
where, both at home and abroad, as the grandest
achievement of the war, and as one of the most
remarkable triumphs In the whole history of naval
operations. Ido not attempt, in this place, to give
the details of this expedition, nor to assign 10 the
different officers by whom it was conducted their
respective claims to the praise and gratitude of
their country. The graphic narratives of the actors
themselves, in their official reports, have been
spread before the country by order of Congress.
Suffice now to say that no terms of commend-
ation can overstate the merits of the officers who
achieved this great success, and who have been,
themselves, the fir*tand the mosleaniest to com-
mend the valor, the devotion, and the unsurpassed
skill of their subordinates, and of the brave men
under their command.
OPERATIONS ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Rear Admiral Farragut dispatched detachments
of his squadron up the river to clear its passage
and capture and take possession of the principal
places.
Commander Palmer arrived off Baton Rouge
^ith the Iroquois May 7th, and demanded its
surrender, the conditions to be the same as at New
Orleans. The authorities declined to yield the
city voluntarily, and while pleading their defense-
less condition were not free from a tone of arro-
gance. The next day Commander Palmer pro-
ceeded abreast of the arsenal, landed a force, and
took possession of the same, together with other
public property, and hoisted the American flag.
May ]2th, the Iroquois, with other gunboats,
anchored oft'Natchez, the surrender of which was
also demanded by Commander Palmer,upon the
same conditions as at New Orleans aim Baton
Rouge; that is, the rights and property of peace-
able citizens should be respected, all property of
the rebel government should be given up, and the
flag of the United States should wave over the
city unmolested and respected. Although Com-
mander Palmer deferred taking possession of
Natchez—the place having never been occupied as
a military position, nor the insurgent flag hoisted
officially over it—yet the town was virtually sur-
rendered, and the mayor issued his proclamation
enjoining the citizens to preserve good order, and
commit no act to provoke the displeasure of the
Government of the United States.
Commander S. P. Lee, commanding the ad-
vance of the squadron, arrived near Vicksburg
May 18, and, under orders from Flag-Officer
Farragut and Major General Butler, demanded
the sm render of the place and its defenses to the
lawful authority of the United States, under which
pnvate property and personal rights would be re-
spected. The demand was peremptorily and
defiantly declined by both the civil and military
authorities present, and Commander Lee asked
the removal of tho women and children beyond
the reach of harm, so that it might be at his option
to fire or not fire, as he thought proper, upon the
defenses of the town, without causing the loss of
innocent lilu.
Rear Admiral Farragut arrived a few days after-
wards, accompanied by a column of troops under
General Williams. Subsequently an additional
naval and military force, including the mortar flo-
tilla, was brought up, and preparations were
made for passing and attacking the batteries.
These batteries were placed upon the heights of
Vicksburg, scarcely within the reach of the guns
of the squadron, aud were supported by a large
army in the iear.
On the 28th of June the mortar vessels com-
menced the bombardment. The batteries were
silenced by the combined fire of the squadron and
flotilla at times; but there being an insufficient
land force to coopeiate, after the steamers passed,
the insurgents returned to their guns.
Returning, Flag-Officer Farragut reached New
Orleans July 28, and, leaving an adequate force
at that place and Baton Rouge, sailed again the
11th of August for Ship Island and Pensacola.
The lattei place having been evacuated by the
rebels, it has been made the depotof the western
Gulf squadron. Tho destruction at and about tho
navy-yard, which the insurgents seized during
the late Administration has been very great. Some
few of the buildings remain uninjured, and the
advantages of the place for a depot were superior
to those of Ship Island, which had for sometime
previous been used for that purpose.
While the Essex, Kineo, Katahden, and Sum-
ter were lying off Baton Rouge a vigorous attack
was made by the insmgents, August 5th, on the
command of General Williams occupying ihat J
place, and its recapture attempted by a largely j
superior foiceled by General Breckinridge, late i
Vice President. The gunboats were immediately ;
placed in position to give assistance, if required. !
The relative positions of the forces were such that J;
thegunboats could not, with safety, be made avail-
able to our troops until late in the"day, when they
poui cd a fire into the rebels' left wing which caused
them to withdraw in haste and fall back several
miles.
A simultaneous attack by land and water ap-
pears to have been the design of the enemy. The
rebel ram Arkansas, which was to have taken
part in it remained a short distance above Baton
Rouge, and the next morning the Essex proceeded
up the river and encountered her, and after a short
engagement the Arkansas was abandoned and
blew up.
CAPTURE OF GALVESTON AND OTHER POINTS IN
TEXAS.
About the middle of September Acting Volun-
teer Lieutenant J. W. Kittredge, commandingthe
United States bark Arthur, was sent, with his own
vessel and the steamer Sachem, by Rear Admiral
Farragut, to take possession of Corpus Christi
and the adjacent waters. He succeeded well, and
made several captures, and compelled the rebels
to burn many vessels. Subsequently, however,
Acting Lieu tenant Kittredge, while on shore, was,
with his boat's crew, surprised and captured.
A little later, Acting Master Francis Crocker,
commanding the steamer Kensington, with that
vessel and the schooners Rachel Seaman and
Henry Janes, captured the defenses of Sabine
City, and took possession thereof. Acting Mas-
ter Crocker then proceeded on an expedition to
Calcasieu lake and river, and succeeded in cap-
turing and destroying several vessels of the enemy
engaged in violating the blockade.
On the 4th of October Commander W. B.Ren-
shaw, of the United States steamer Westfield, with
that vessel, the Harriet Lane, Owasco, and Clif-
ton, captured the defenses of the harbor and city
of Galveston, there having been only a feeble
resistance.
Out \essels and transports passing up and down
the Mississippi have been annoyed by fiequent
attacks from guerrillas and concealed batteries.
In many instances these attacks have been made
from villages, the parties engaged in them pre-
suming that the fire would not bo returned to en-
danger innocent life. To check the practice it
has been necessary, after giving due notice, to fire
upon and destroy, to some extent, the townsfrom
which the attacks were made. This was a pun-
ishment by no means consistent with the feelings
of those inflicting it, but one that necessity de-
manded. Natchez, Grand Gulf, and Donaldson-
ville have been subjected to it. It is not inap-
propriate; to mention in this connection that the
service has recently suffered the loss of a most
promising and gallant young officer, Lieutenant
Charles H. Swasey, of the gunboat Sciota, who
was killed on the 4th of October last, by a shot
from a concealed battery near Donaldsonville,
Louisiania. Lieutenant Swasey had served with
distinction as executive officer of the Varuna, in
the battles of the Mississippi, through which he
escaped without injury, but to lose his life a few
months later by the fire of a hidden enemy.
WESTERN FLOTILLA.
When Flag-Officer Foote arrived at St. Louis,
and, on the 6th of September, 1861, assumed com-
mand of the western flotilla, the forces consisted
ofthree wooden vessels in commission , which had
been purchased, equipped, and armed as gunboats,
by Commander John Rodgers; and there were
nine iron-clad gunboats and thirty-eight mortar
boats in course of construction.
The service was anomalous in its character, and
there was with many great incredulity as to the
utility and practicability of gunboats in carrying
on hostilities on the rivers, where it was believed
batteries on the banks could prevent their passage.
There were also embarrassments for want of funds
and of material for naval purposes, their being no
navy-yard or naval depot on the western waters.
All these difficulties were met and surmounted by
the energetic and efficient officer to whom the duty
was intrusted, whose peiseverance and courage
in overcoming the obstacles that impeded and re-
tarded Ins operations in creating a river navy were'
scarcely surpassed by the heroic qualities dis-
played in subsequent well-fought actions on the
decks of the gunboats he had, under so many dis-
couragements, prepared.
CAPTURE OF FORTS HENRY, DONELSON, ETC.
It having been ascertained in the latter part of
