1862.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
'■%
37th Cong....3d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the winter that the stage of water in the Tennessee
and Cumberland rivers was favorable for active op-
erations, Flag-Officer Foote, as soon as four of the
iron-clad boats were ready, urged prompt.action,
and proposed to General Grant, commanding at
Cairo, a joint attack on Fort Henry. That offi-
cer, though preferiinga movement on the Cum-
berland and an attack on Fort Donelson, yielded
to the proposition of the naval commander on
procuring the assent of General Halleek.
Fort Henry was captured on the 6th of Febru-
ary. The attacking force consisted of the iron-
clad gunboats Benton, (flag ship,) Commander R.
N. Stemble; Essex, Commander W. D. Porter;
Carondelet, Commander Henry Walke; and St.
Louis, Lieutenant-Commanding Leonard Pauld-
ing, forming the first division; and the wooden gun-
boats Conestoga, Lieutenant-Commanding S. L.
Phelps; Tyler, Lieutenant-Commanding William
Gwinn; and the Lexington, Lieutenant-Com-
manding J. W. Shirk, forming the second divis--
ion, in charge of Lieutenant-Commanding Phelps,
astern of the first.
The firing was commenced at seventeen hun-
dred yards distant by the flag ship, the others
following in succession, and continued while the
fleet steamed slowly to within six hundred yards
of the fort. After a closely contested action of
an hour and a quarter the colors of the fort low-
ered; the flag of the Union was substituted for
the emblem of secession; General Tiighman, his
staff, and sixty or seventy of his men were re-
ceived as prisoners, together with a hospital ship
containing sixty invalids, the fort and its effects,
twenty guns, mostly of heavy caliber, and bar-
racks and tents capable of accommodating quite
an army, which were turned over to General
Grant, on liis arrival an hour afterwards, with
the forces under his command. The joint attack
was to have been made by land and water on the
enemy's work, but was frustrated by the bad con-
dition of the roads, which delayed the army, and
deprived it of the pleasure as well as the glory of
participating in the capture of Fort Henry.
Lieutenant-Commanding Phelps, on an order
previously given, proceeded with the three gun-
boats up the Tennessee river. He ascended as
far as Florence, Alabama, the foot of the Muscle
shoals. This expedition was fruitful in import-
ant results. Several prizes were taken—one of
them the fine steamer Eastport,in the act of being
converted into a gunboat. Large quantities of
stores were captured, and the insurgents were
lavish in destroying others, to prevent them fall-
ing into our hands; they also destroyed many of
their vessels. This sudden penetration to the
very heart of the insurgents' country was doubt-
less as unexpected as it was alarming and disas-
trous to them.
From Fort Henry, the field of his late success,
Flag-Officer Foote proceeded with his flotilla to
the Cumberland river to make an attack upon
Fort Donelson. On the 14th of February, with
four iron-clads and two wooden gunboats, he en-
gaged that fort and its adjacent water batteries.
With his reduced force he had to contendagainst
more vigorous works than he had met on the 6th
at Fort Henry. After a severe fight of an hour
and a half, during which he was seriously wound-
ed, and when he was on the point of enfilading
the fort, and the rebel Arc had materially slack-
ened, two of the gunboats were disabled in their
steenngapparatus,and theremainingboats retired
for the night. The rebels were so greatly de-
moralized that they could not be brought into ef-
fective action oil thefollowingday, which resulted
in the defeat of the insurgents and the surrender
of Fort Donelson to the army the next morning.
With two gunboats Flag-Officer Foote proceed-
ed up the Cumberland on the 19th of February, !
and seized Clarksville and the three forts which j
defended the city and river, and issued a procla- j
mation to the inhabitants. I
In view of the panic which pervaded not only
Clarksville, but the rebel army, which were flee-
ing to Nashville, Flag-Officer Foote pressed upon
General Grant an immediate pursuit, with four
thousand troops, to that place. Orders were re-
ceived, however, from the General-in-Chief of the
Western department prohibiting the gunboats
from pioceeding higher up than Clarksville.
In consequence of those orders the flag officer
returned to Cairo, and only two gunboats were
with the army when possession was taken of
Nashville on the 27th of February.
The Tennessee and Cumberland rivers are the
thoroughfares and outlets of a rich agricultural
region, and the elaborate fortifications which had
been erected and garrisoned with a view of con-
trolling the navigation indicate the importance
with which the insurgents regarded them. The
rapid clearance of both these rivers, and the for-
midable character of the gunboats, which became
at once a power and a terror on the western waters,
disconcerted and dismayed the rebels. Forts
Henry and Donelson, with Nashville and Clarks-
ville, and other places having fallen, the insur-
gents became alarmed in their stronghold at Co-
lumbus, on the Mississippi, lest the possession of
those places should cut off their communications
with the rebel army.
OPERATIONS ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
On the 4th of March a force of gunboats, with
transports conveying troops, moved upon Colum-
bus, but an armed reeonnoissance of the 2d had
so alarmed the garrison as to cause the place to
be evacuated without delay; and when our forces
landed, the forts, though of great strength, were
unoccupied.
Keeping in view the purpose of opening the
navigation of the river, Flag-Officer Foote left
Cairo on the 14th of March with seven iron-clads
and ten mortar boats, and having been joined by
Colonel Buford with fifteen hundred troops, at
Columbus, moved down and took possession of
Hickman. Arriving next day in the vicinity of
Island No. 10, the mortar vessels, in charge of
Captain Maynadier, of the Army, were placed in
position and shelled out several encampments.
A siege of twenty-three days took place, dur-
ing which a canal was cut to admit the lighttrans-
ports to reach the army of General Pope at New
Madrid, below No. 10, and enable him to cross
to the Tennessee shore. The guns at No. ] bat-
tery were spiked, and the pelican dock, or New
Orleans floating battery, was shelled out of the
channel that two of the gunboats might run the
blockade, and got past, as they did at night in a
heavy thunder storm, under a tremendous fire
from forty-seven guns, aided by infantry. Sev-
eral batteries, erected to prevent the army of Gen-
eral Pope from crossing, were demolished by these
two gunboats, and the landing was effected. This
result being accomplished after persistent and
severe straggles and conflicts, the rebel com-
mander became convinced that he could not avoid
defeat from a combined assault, and therefore, on
the 7th of April, surrendered Island No. 10 to
the commander of the naval forces. Thus it
would appear that in the capture of Fort Henry
and Island No. 10 not a gun was fired by the
army except from the command of Colonel Bu-
ford, which, at the latter place, cooperated with
the Navy. There were eleven batteries on the
island and adjacent shores, mounting upwards of
seventy-five guns, from 32 to 100-pounders.
One rebel gunboat, four transports, and im-
mense munitions of war, and many prisoneis fell
into our hands by this important capture.
In pursuance of the first great duty enjoined
upon him—that of reopening the navigation of the
Mississippi—Flag-Officer Foote proceeded to the
vicinity of Fort Pillow. Arriving on the 12th of
April, he was on the next day joined by General
Pope and his army.
Arrangements were promptly made by the two
commanders for an immediate combined attack
upon the fortifications, with every confidence of
success; but just upon the point of execution, an
order from General Halleck for the army to rein-
force him at Cnrinlh, frustrated the well-matured
plans that had been made.
Flag-Officer Foote, suffering from the long-neg-
lected wound lie received at Fort Donelson, was,
on the 9th of May, relieved by the Department,
on the advice of the surgeons, of the command
of" the flotilla, which was transferred to Captain
Charles H. Davis.
CAPTURE OF FORT PILLOW AND MEMPHIS.
The latter was scarcely introduced to his com-
mand before he had vigorous work to perforin.
On the 11th of May an attack, for which the lebel
fleet lying below Fort Pillow had been long pre-
paring, was made upon the flotilla. This fleet of
eight iron-clad steamers, four of then fitted 4s
rams, steamed up fully prepared for an engage-
ment, and the flotilla was quickly in motion to
receive them. An action of an hour at the closest
quarters followed, at the end of which the enemy
retreated under the guns of Fort Pillow, three of
their gunboats having been disabled.
The flotilla occupied a nearer position to Fort
Pillow after this engagement, and the ram fleet,
under Colonel Ellett, joined Flag-Oflicer Davis,
and on the 5th of June Fort Pillow was aban-
doned.
The flotilla moved down the river, and on the
evening ofthe 7th anchoreda mile and a halfabove
Memphis. The next morning the rebel fleet of
eight gunboats and rams was discovered opposite
the city. The flotilla came up with and engaged
them. The ram fleet pressed into action under
full steam, the gunboats, in the mean time, keep-
ing up a continuous and well-directed fire. The
rebel gunboats General Beauregard and Little
Rebel blew up, and the Q,ueen of the West, com-
manded by Colonel Ellett in person, encountered
the General Lovell and sunk her. A running
fight followed, carrying the vessels several miles
below Memphis, and resulting in the capture or
destruction of the entire rebel fleet, except the
Yan Dorn, which succeeded in escaping. Our
loss w.as trifling. The rebels suffered severely
from the exploding and sinking of their vessels.
At the close of the engagement, Flag-Officer
Davis returned to Memphis and demanded the
surrender of the city, which was complied with,
Colonel Fitch arriving at 12 o'clock from Fort
Pillow and taking military possession.
On the 29th of June Flag-Officer Davis left Mem-
phis with apart of his flotilla and six mortar boats,
and the 2d of July following joined Rear Admiral
Farragut above Vicksburg, the latter officer, with
a portion of his squadron, having arrived there a
few days previous. Demonstrations were contin-
ued by the combined squadrons^ at intervals, on
the defenses of Vicksburg, for some days, the
mortar vessels of each squadron boinbarding from
both above and below.
An expedition was sent, on the 15th of July, to
procure information respecting the obstructions
and ^defenses of the Yazoo, but the river was
scarcely entered when the rebel iron-clad ram Ar-
kansas was encountered, coming down. After a
severe fight with the Caiondeiet and Tyler, in
which they were partially disabled, the Arkansas
entered the Mississippi, passed the fleets of Far-
ragut and Davis, and took refuge under the bat-
teries at Vicksburg. An attempt to destroy her,
under the guns of the battery, did not succeed.
There not being a sufficient military force toco-
operate in the reduction of Vicksburg, the scheme
was for the time abandoned, and, late in July,
Fltig-Officer Davis withdrew his command to the
mouth of the Yazoo. In August a joint expedi-
tion was planned between Flag-Officer Davis and
General Curtis for operations up the Yazoo, which
was entirely successful, resulting in the capture of
a battery of heavy guns, field-pieces, munitions of
war, &c.
June 13th a detachment from the squadron, un-
der the command of Commander A. H. Kelty,
with the 46th Indiana regiment, under Colonel
Fitch, left Memphis for White river, their object
being to form a junction with General Curtis.
On the morning ofthe 17th they arrived at the
rebel fortifications near St. Charles, Arkansas,
upon which an attack was commenced by the gun-
boats, while Colonel Fitch landed for the purpose
of assaulting the rear. The enemy's first battery
was carried by the gunboats, and Colonel Fitch
gallantly charged the second battery, and carried
it without the loss of a single man.
The Mound City, in the fead,was damaged by
a shot which entered and exploded in her steam
drum, killing and wounding a large portion of her
officers and men.
The gunboats Tyler, Lieutenant-Commanding
Gwinn, and Lexington, Lieutenant-Commanding
James W. Shirk, of the western flotilla, have been
most actively and usefully employed on the Ten-
nessee river. They have generally preceded the
march of our army southward on the line of that
river,convoying the transports, clearing the banks
of rebel batteries, and frustrating attempts of the
